Arc 10 - Arc 10 – The Land of the Lion Kings
============================================================


--- Chapter 1: Friends ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Well ain’t that just like that princess? She stuck to doing things her own way until the very end.]

Emilia’s eyes softened toward Felt, who uttered so as she sipped her cup of black tea.

On a sofa used for receiving guests, with one knee tucked under her arm, Felt sat across from Emilia, listening to her story in its entirety without interruption, before paying her respects for Priscilla in her own way.

Emilia did not think it heartless that great grief or loss had not flashed across Felt’s eyes, being only a slightly different shade of red from Priscilla’s. However, she did think it was strong of her.

This included the fact that she had visited this place of her own volition, in order to glean the details of Priscilla’s death.

Right now, Emilia and Felt were facing each other in a room of the Royal Residence in the Royal Capital of Lugunica. In a reception room of the residence where those of great importance were assigned to stay, Emilia greeted Felt.

It was not something that they had pre-arranged. Felt, who had happened to be staying in the Royal Capital, had heard that Emilia had brought news to the Royal Castle, and thus had come to see her.

In all honesty, she was awfully delighted that Felt had paid her a visit like this.

To begin with, the Emilia Camp owed Felt a great deal―― she had taken great care of Meili while they had been absent from the Kingdom; so Emilia heard from Annerose.

Annerose, a relative of Roswaal and a supporter of Emilia, had been tasked with handling the discussions regarding the various matters surrounding the Pleiades Watchtower and Meili. Apparently, Felt and those aligned with her had greatly assisted in reaching an arrangement in those talks.

For that reason, Emilia had planned to make time to convey her gratitude to Felt herself, so she was really grateful for the chance to see her like this.

However, if anything, she wished she could have brought back a more pleasant tale, and yet――,

Felt: [――That’s what the look on your face seems to be saying, Emilia-neechan.]

Emilia: [Eh, w-was I making such an obvious face?]

Felt: [Pretty much. If you keep frowning and looking down like that, anyone could pick up on it, y’know?]

Imitating Felt’s motion of tapping her brow with her finger, Emilia also rubbed between her eyebrows.

People often said she tended to show what she was thinking upon her face, but she amazed herself at how much had been unintentionally shown. And it also worried her. ――She had completely regained her footing already, and thus was unflappable now. No one needed to worry about her; she was fine: these were the feelings she had tried to portray.

Emilia: [Despite all of that, I’m still no good. Subaru and the others would be angry with me.]

Felt: [It’d make that guy upset with you, Emilia-neechan? I can’t imagine that happening though.]

Emilia: [Of course it would. Even Subaru would be annoyed if I couldn’t be strong. That’s why he diligently tells me where I’m lacking.]

Felt: [Heh, that so?]

With a smile, Felt rested her chin on her raised knee as her fang peeked out.

Pouting at Felt’s vaguely mischievous and teasing smile, Emilia continued with a “However,”

Emilia: [Seems like you could see right through my thoughts, but… Felt-chan, you don’t agree?]

Felt: [It’s a bit complicated, but if I’m getting you right, you’re thinking something like how it’s been a while since we’ve met like this, and you’re sorry that the topic’s the princess’s death, or something along those lines?]

Emilia: [Umm, yeah… that’s right. Yep, that’s it.]

Felt: [Regarding that, I’m actually glad I heard it from you, Emilia-neechan.]

Emilia: [From me?]

Having said something unexpected, Felt nodded back to Emilia’s question with a “Yeah.” While scratching her head in front of the surprised Emilia, she continued,

Felt: [Honestly, when I heard that the princess had died, I thought it must’ve been a joke. She was the embodiment of a woman who would never die even if you killed her. If things had continued as-is, I would’ve been filled with nothing but pointless doubts, and the truth of the matter would’ve been buried.]

Emilia: [――――]

Felt: [So when I heard the story from you, Emilia-neechan, I was able to make up my mind since you were actually there… No, I was able to prepare to make up my mind? Tch, my wording’s also become complicated. My bad.]

Emilia: [――. No, I feel like I understand what you’re saying, Felt-chan.]

Being unable to explain it well, Felt made a bitter face, but those feelings were able to be conveyed to Emilia.

If the situation were reversed, and Emilia were to hear that someone she knew had lost their life somewhere far away without her knowledge, she would probably overthink the circumstances surrounding that death.

With those various imaginings, regardless of their validity, her head would become filled with things that could not be verified, and she would become unable to grasp the truth.

That’s why, even if it was incredibly painful, having that room for doubt erased, could be salvation.

Emilia: [If it’s someone you trust confirming it, that’s even better, I think.]

Felt: […I guess that means I trust you, Emilia-neechan?]

Emilia: [Yeah, I also believe in you, Felt-chan, and… aren’t you the same? Isn’t that why you came to see me like this?]

Felt: [Technically, we’re both rival candidates, so it’d be weird if I said yes!]

Having lowered her foot from the seat, Felt had a dumbfounded look upon her face as she rested it on her knee. Still, since Felt did not disagree, Emilia smiled with a sense of relief.

Thinking of Priscilla still made Emilia’s heart weep in pain. However, she was glad that she had not left Felt’s murky answers buried.

???: [――――]

Then, a faint exhalation interrupted the exchange between them. As soon as Felt’s sharp ears picked up on it, she let out an “Oi,” with a sullen voice, and then,

Felt: [Hey you, what the hell are you laughing about?]

???: [――Nothing, my apologies. Just now, it was simply quite unusual to see Emilia-sama so thoroughly get the better of you, Felt-sama.]

Felt: [Better of me, my ass. What kind of Knight smirks and watches as his master is defeated?]

???: [I beg your forgiveness. I hesitated to interject into the conversation between the two of you.]

Saying this, while placing his hand on his chest and bowing, was Felt’s Knight, with his distinctive red hair and blue eyes: Reinhard.

Naturally, Felt would not have come to visit Emilia alone, so he had been listening to their conversation up until that point alongside them. At the chummy exchange between Reinhard and Felt, Emilia prefaced her proceeding comment with a “Geez,”

Emilia: [You don’t need to be so considerate. Even our Otto-kun has been chatting with us since earlier… huh? He hasn’t?]

Otto: [That is right. Thank you for noticing. Even I have common sense enough to not cut into a conversation between two of such exalted status, as a matter of fact.]

Next to Emilia, who had raised her eyebrows in surprise, was Otto, wearing a wry smile typical of him.

Since Otto was the only one who had accompanied Emilia to the Royal Capital, inevitably, he was the one attending her wherever she went, be it by giving her report at the Royal Castle or meeting at the Royal Residence. Since Otto was someone who made her feel at ease just by being there, she had been unintentionally put at ease with nary a word from him.

Emilia: [I’m sorry, I didn’t realize. You love to chat, Otto-kun, so it must have been reaaally hard to keep quiet.]

Otto: [Let me just say, I only chat about what is necessary, when it is necessary; it really is not the case that I love chatting, okay!?]

Felt: [Yeah yeah, that ain’t very convincing. I don’t think you can say that a guy who can chat with bugs, water dragons, and so on in addition to humans isn’t a talkative guy.]

Otto: [I would appreciate it if you did not confuse the subject of Divine Protections with human nature.]

Pressing down on the green hat upon his head, Otto gave a casual response to Felt.

Given that Otto was able to speak with all sorts of creatures with the power of his Divine Protection of the Soul of Language, Emilia thought that Felt’s point just now was spot-on. She suddenly realized: everywhere they went, whether it was with animals or bugs, Otto was talking to every living thing around and expanding his circle of friends.

Emilia: [Otto-kun, you reaaally do have so many friends. I don’t have too many friends, so I admire that you can get along with anyone.]

Otto: [I would not exactly call them friends, truth be told. From time to time, what I offer to others is something like a negotiation or transaction, which requires a bit of a different know-how than making friends. Now that I think about it, I suppose I cannot say I am someone who has a lot of friends either.]

Felt: [The definition of a pal isn’t something you should just keep pondering over. If anything, why don’t you become friends with our Reinhard? He’s also the kinda guy who doesn’t have many friends.]

Emilia: [Eh, is that so? That’s reaaally unexpected.]

As Felt shut one eye and pointed towards Reinhard, who was standing behind the sofa, her words made Emilia instinctively look up at the red-haired Knight.

Reinhard had a good personality, was very famous, would surely be known by anyone in the Kingdom if asked, and was someone who could be relied upon. For Emilia too, since the first time they had met, he had been so consistently considerate of her that she thought that he was more or less friends with everyone in the Kingdom.

Seeing the astonishment in Emilia’s eyes, Reinhard said, “It is unfortunate,” before continuing to speak,

Reinhard: [Putting aside my own views, it seems I often intimidate others. For that reason, outside of the Knights and my companions from our camp… excluding Subaru and Ferris, perhaps I have quite few friends.]

Emilia: [Is that so? Even you have those sorts of worries too, huh Reinhard…? Hey, Otto-kun, if you’d like, would you become friends with Reinhard?]

Otto: [I am being asked to do something incredibly outrageous here, but would it not be a disgrace as far as Reinhard-san is concerned!?]

Reinhard: [Of course not. In fact, I would greatly welcome it. Would you be my friend?]

Otto: [Is this some kind of pincer attack or ambush?]

Caught between Emilia’s gaze and Reinhard’s smile, Otto grumbled in frustration.

Only Felt looked on with a smirk, but after agonizing over it for a long moment, Otto took a long, deep breath, and said,

Otto: [As Felt-sama brought up earlier, right now, we are affiliated with opposing camps. Until the Royal Selection is over, we should avoid becoming excessively close to one another.]

Reinhard: [I see. A shame, but if that is your intention, I shall respect it. Not that we are friends, though.]

Otto: [Yes, please do. Since we are not friends.]

With such sad words, Otto’s shoulders slumped, and towards that, Reinhard gave a smile that oddly enough seemed neither hurt nor disappointed. Unfortunately, the two of them did not become friends, but in Emilia’s eyes, they somehow gave off the air of proper friends.

In addition――,

Otto: [Good grief, the tea has grown completely cold. I will go brew a new pot. Emilia-sama, you and the rest keep having a pleasant chat. I will――]

Reinhard: [――. In that case, I shall accompany you. We may not have become friends, but how about I show you the power of the Divine Protection of Tea Ceremonies?]

Otto: [It might surprise you to know that I am someone who holds grudges, but having the Sword Saint hold a grudge against me is truly unsettling.]

While carrying on such a conversation, the two of them left the room.

Emilia watched as their backs were obstructed by the closed door, and then turned back toward Felt.

Emilia: [For some reason, it feels like they are reaaally good friends, you know?]

Felt: [Heh heh, yeah, I thought so too. I’m always so pissed off at the attitude of that damn Reinhard, but when it’s someone else on the receiving end, it’s super funny.]

Emilia: [Ah, that’s a naughty face. But to make Otto hold off on being Reinhard’s friend until after our Royal Selection, that’s…]

Felt: [Hmm, that dude just used what I said as a convenient excuse, right? Can’t say I know why he did, but… don’t take what he said about not being able to get along ‘cause of the Royal Selection so seriously.]

Emilia: [I don’t need to, take it so seriously…?]

It seemed like Felt was quite satisfied, and she was in such a good mood to the point she was almost humming. After thinking for a moment, Emilia let out an “Okay,” and stood up.

Thinking of the Royal Selection, Otto had given up on becoming friends with Reinhard. She felt guilty over that decision and consideration on Otto’s part, but Emilia had made up her mind.

After what had happened with Priscilla, she did not want to have any more regrets.

Emilia: [Hey, Felt-chan, can I say something?]

Felt: [Oh? What’s up?]

Briskly walking up to Felt, who had looked up at her, Emilia sat herself next to her. At a distance where their shoulders brushed against each other, Emilia turned to face her directly. Felt’s red eyes blinked as Emilia readily approached her with such momentum.

Looking back on it, Emilia had first met Felt when she had stolen the insignia that qualified Emilia to join the Royal Selection. At the time, she had panicked and had wanted to take her anger out on Puck, who had not been flustered in the least by such a situation. In any case, her encounter with Felt had definitely not been off to a great start.

Even so, right now, regarding Felt, who was likewise a candidate for the Royal Selection, Emilia felt thus.

Emilia: [I want to be friends with you, Felt-chan. And not just ordinary friends, like reaaally good friends.]

Felt: […Huh?]

Emilia: [Actually, I promised Anastasia-san that when the Royal Selection ends, we will be friends. We talked a lot as we traveled together… well, it wasn’t entirely Anastasia-san the whole time, but we talked a bunch and then we made that promise.]

Emilia promptly pressed Felt, whose wide eyes were flashing with confusion.

The promise she had exchanged with Anastasia was one she would surely keep, as part of her strong identity as a merchant. It was not like with Subaru, so she could be assured that the promise would be kept.

Emilia: [I worry when it comes to Subaru, since he breaks his promises so easily, but when it comes to Anastasia-san, I feel assured. But even besides promises, I feel like I couldn’t be Subaru’s friend, and I don’t feel like I would want to be friends with Subaru… huh? What was I saying again?]

Felt: [That you and Subaru-niichan can’t be friends, Emilia-neechan?]

Emilia: [Yeah, that’s right… No it’s not, I was talking about you and myself, Felt-chan!]

Emilia felt a tinge of anxiety over having nearly lost sight of her main point. In front of Emilia, who had narrowly avoided that perilous situation, Felt suddenly looked up. Following that movement, Emilia also looked toward the ceiling. She did not see anything in particular.

Emilia: [Felt-chan?]

Felt: [I ain’t looking at the ceiling. I was just wondering what the hell I should do.]

Emilia: [Umm, yeah. Subaru and Petra-chan often tell me that they feel reaaally invigorated when they see my face. How about that?]

Felt: [Would you happen to be trying to show off your good points?]

Emilia: [That’s right, because I want to be friends with you, Felt-chan.]

Over the past year or so, Emilia had been getting used to seeing herself in mirrors.

Subaru, Petra, and sometimes even Ram would compliment Emilia’s face, so if there was perhaps a chance it would also have an effect on Felt, she figured there was no harm in suggesting it.

Felt kept looking upwards in response to that desperate approach of Emilia’s, and then,

Felt: [Why do you wanna be friends with me so badly? It’s fine the way it is now…]

Emilia: [You see, I had wanted to become friends with Priscilla.]

Felt: [――――]

Emilia: [But, I put off telling her that. I’m… no good. I should have known I might have to suddenly say goodbye to someone important to me who was fine just the day before, and yet…]

Emilia murmured as she placed her hand on her aching chest and touched the Magic Crystal hanging from her neck.

The same had happened with Puck, who continued to slumber, as well as Emilia’s cherished family who had been frozen in ice in the Great Forest of Elior. Farewells could be sudden, and could come for even the most precious people in one’s life.

Her farewell with Priscilla had reminded the forgetful Emilia of such a sorrowful truth.

Emilia: [I don’t want to forget that anymore. So, I decided I won’t hold back. Tell those you like that you like them, and tell those you want to be friends with that too.]

Felt: [――Shit, that princess, she really went all the way ‘til the very end, didn’t she?]

Emilia: [――?]

Emilia had put her feelings into words as honestly as she could. While still looking up and listening, Felt slowly lowered her gaze.

The expression on Felt’s face was a smile that was neither frustrated nor bitter.

Felt: [Gotcha, no problem. I’ll be friends with you, Emilia-neechan.]

Emilia: [Really!? You mean, after the Royal Selection is over…]

Felt: [It doesn’t have to be. If I’m gonna do it either way, Emilia-neechan, I’ll become friends with you before Anastasia-neechan and make her regret it.]

Emilia: [Oh, don’t say that. Anastasia-san is going to be my friend too.]

Felt: [Aren’t I, someone who is already your friend, more important to you, Emilia-neechan, than someone who isn’t your friend yet like Anastasia-neechan?]

Emilia: [Geez, don’t put me on the spot!]

Felt laughed gleefully, her fang on display, with Emilia also instinctively breaking out into a smile.

Felt had given a delightful response to her offer. At the experience of becoming friends with Felt, Emilia’s heart slowly filled with warmth.

Then, whilst smiling together with Felt, Emilia thought to herself. ――She thought about Al, still unable to fully accept Priscilla’s death, and of Subaru and the others, who were all accompanying him.

Emilia: [With Al too――]

One day. It did not need to be right away, but one day.

From the very bottom of her heart, she wanted to pray for the coming day upon which she would be able to discuss Priscilla, someone with whom she had wished to become friends, without tears flooding her eyes.

Indeed, while nestling shoulders together with her friend, Emilia thought so.

△▼△▼△▼△

Reinhard: [――Well then, you went so far as signaling me with a glance. You have something to tell me, do you not?]

Having left Emilia and Felt behind in the reception room, upon walking down the hall for a bit, Reinhard deliberately broke the ice.

Carrying the silver tray with the tea set in his hands, Otto, without looking back, nodded an “Indeed”.

Otto: [Your understanding is much appreciated. It appears that Felt-sama’s visit has allowed Emilia-sama to finally smile naturally again, so I did not wish to tear down that atmosphere.]

Reinhard: [As expected, the matter of Priscilla-sama seems to have affected her quite a bit.]

Otto: [In all honesty, there was likely nobody participating in that battle who remained unaffected. Even I, who lacked much of any contact with her, felt a sense of helplessness.]

Of course, the impact it had borne on Otto was nothing compared to that of Emilia, who had harbored affection for Priscilla, nor to that of Subaru and Al, who had watched her fade away before their very eyes.

Even so, as Otto had been working to ensure that as many of the allies fighting alongside him against the Great Disaster would make it out alive, the death of an individual involved with the Kingdom―― of a Royal Candidate, was something that deeply affected him. On the other hand, there was also a part of himself calmly analyzing the dropout of a rival candidate who possessed an irrational charisma.

Reinhard: […How surprising.]

As if having listened in on Otto’s inner thoughts, Reinhard muttered those words. And glancing back at him, Reinhard’s eyebrows were, in line with his words, raised in surprise.

Having garnered such a reaction, Otto slightly loosened the corners of his mouth with a hint of self-deprecation,

Otto: [That reaction, were you surprised that I was pained by the death of Priscilla-sama? Certainly, I would be lying if I said I did not welcome the dropping out of a rival candidate…]

Reinhard: [No, I found it surprising that you admitted to your weakness so openly. You do not need to go out of your way to feign such callousness, no?]

Otto: [――――]

Reinhard: [Or maybe expressing your true feelings was a sign that you had let your guard down… perhaps even a sign that we could become friends?]

Otto: [It seems as though I have chosen my words poorly.]

Being teased in such a manner, Otto squared his shoulders, putting his feelings in check as he resumed his steps.

It appeared as though he was in a worse mental state than he had realized. And having picked up on that, Reinhard had allowed that blunder to slide as a moment of levity.

Otto: [Get a hold of yourself, Otto Suwen.]

This will not do ; he reigned himself back in.

Regardless of how little Felt regarded Emilia with enmity, they were unmistakably rival candidates. The best course of action was always to abstain from displaying weakness to one’s opponents. A situation in which one had lost the balance of their mental state was among the highest tier of appearances that must never be shown.

Reaffirming that in his mind, Otto would fulfill the purpose for which he had brought Reinhard out.

That was――,

Otto: [――I shall now divulge information pertaining to Heinkel Astrea.]

Reinhard: [――――]

At the raising of the topic, it was apparent that the atmosphere in the corridor had distinctly shifted.

Drier or damper, the humidity had changed. Higher or lower, the temperature had changed. The only thing that could be said for certain, was that the one who had brought about those changes was the very Sword Saint walking right by his side.

Otto: [Heinkel-san participated in the battle in the Empire as a member of Priscilla-sama’s Camp, and he did survive. However, in the wake of Priscilla-sama’s death, after being sighted in a state of extreme discomposure, his whereabouts became unknown.]

Reinhard: […Was he taken captive in the Empire?]

Otto: [No, likely not. While it is a country that can be exceedingly ruthless in order to benefit itself, in its current state of exhaustion following that battle, they are not individuals who fail to grasp the situation to such an extent that they would make an enemy of the Kingdom―― of the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea.]

Reinhard: [So then, he disappeared of his own volition, did he?]

With his eyes slightly downcast, Reinhard feebly muttered those words for Otto to hear.

He had not intended on getting revenge, but the result ended up being a situation much like Otto’s earlier blunder, in which the other party had lost the balance of his mental state. Be that as it may, he was not currently in the mood to take advantage of the situation and probe into the other party’s weakness.

In all honesty, he thought himself ill-suited to it, but――,

Otto: [Heinkel-san… your father, are you worried about him?]

That was a question voiced out of genuine concern for the other party.

In reality, it would have likely been a difficult question for Reinhard to answer. Otto was not deeply familiar with the relationship between Reinhard and Heinkel, but it was already common knowledge that this was a parent-child relationship that had fractured and broken down.

Not to mention, in Pristella, Otto had happened upon a scene of Heinkel raising his sword against Felt in an attempt to prevent Reinhard’s movements.

On that note, the very fact that the three generations of this family were all backing different Royal Candidates spoke volumes about the dysfunctionality of House Astrea.

In any case――,

Otto: [Regardless of whether it serves any consolation, according to Garfiel, your father seems to have managed to withstand even a Dragon’s blow. Hence, I surmise that there is little fear of his life being in danger even if assailed.]

While relaying that information, Otto intentionally concealed the possibility of Heinkel committing suicide.

From what he had heard, Heinkel had lost his composure after Priscilla’s death, to the point that he had tried to shift his allegiance over to Emilia, begging her to take him on as a subordinate. With Emilia turning him down, it could not be definitively stated that there was no possibility of him, whereabouts unknown, finding himself at a loss for what to――,

Reinhard: [――That will not happen, Otto. My father would never do anything akin to ending his own life.]

Otto: […Did I show it on my face like Emilia-sama?]

With his inner thoughts completely seen through, Otto massaged his brow with one of his hands. Upon doing so, Reinhard forced a smile and said “No”,

Reinhard: [You purposely refrained from mentioning the worst possibility, so I presumed it was out of consideration. Only, it is a needless worry. My father has a goal he wishes to fulfill no matter what. Something like him choosing death whilst leaving it unfulfilled, is an impossibility.]

Otto: [On the one hand, that is a relief, but on the other, it does bolster my apprehensions. With his back up against the wall, just what might that person do… would he not then attempt to make contact with Felt-sama next?]

To begin with, from Heinkel’s perspective, it would be a choice with much more merit than pleading to Emilia.

Of course, that choice would eliminate the sole and absolute advantage in Heinkel’s possession―― his ability to exert some sort of coercion upon Reinhard, the Sword Saint. But, setting that aside, it was a highly probable option for him to be recruited there.

Now that he had lost Priscilla and had been rejected by Emilia, it seemed entirely possible to Otto that Heinkel would choose Felt as the next target for his parasitism.

However――,

Reinhard: [――Likely not.]

With an even greater conviction than before, Reinhard shut down Otto’s follow up.

Otto: [――――]

Those eyes that captured the essence of a perfectly clear blue sky were entwined with a hue resembling nightfall. Reinhard, the glimpse of a smile that had been previously strewn upon his lips having faded, walked alongside Otto as the latter fell silent.

Two steps, three steps; with not a word said, the pair gradually closed the distance to the kitchen. And just like that, Otto assumed that the conversation had met its end amidst the silence; however,

Reinhard: [My father wishes to have me resign from being the Sword Saint. Hence, within the Royal Selection which he must win no matter the cost, it is unthinkable that he would assist Felt-sama, who holds my endorsement.]

Otto: […He wants to win the Royal Selection. However, he does not wish to let you win, Reinhard-san?]

Reinhard: [That would be so. On that point, my father and I are incompatible. Regardless of my father’s wishes, I am the Sword Saint. ――I have to be… the Sword Saint.]

Everyone had their own unique circumstances.

Because he fully understood that, Otto would not attempt to interject this and that about another household’s situation. Without a doubt, while it seemed like a distorted relationship between father and son, that final comment sounded as if he was reinforcing it to himself.

Ergo, the only thing Otto could do was to make his own stance clear.

Otto: [――. Good grief, this has been quite the outrageous scene. I never thought that my life would include a moment of engaging the Sword Saint in small talk like this.]

Shrugging his shoulders, Otto displayed an unwillingness to pry into Reinhard’s circumstances.

It was some of his worldly wisdom as a peddler who had encountered people in a wide variety of positions across many different regions. No matter what circumstances might reach his ears, he would show his harmlessness by exaggerating about how he would not exploit them.

In the majority of cases, he would be able to leave the post town without incident.

Otto: [Though, sometimes the flow of alcohol would cause me to blurt out information that I absolutely should not, and there were some outrageous people who would then hear that and try to silence me…]

Hence, even at the most optimal taverns for gathering information while traveling, it was necessary for him to have measures in place to avoid accidentally acquiring any more serious information than necessary. The fact that his peddler’s knowledge was proving to be so useful now that he was involved with the Royal Selection was a testament to how one never knew just what life had in store for them.

In any case――,

Reinhard: [Thank you for sharing this information about my father. I will keep it in mind.]

Once again, Reinhard nodded upon receiving Otto’s intent. And ascertaining that, Otto shrugged his shoulders and continued with a “Pardon me”.

Otto: [Perhaps I have needlessly added to your troubles? With a position like the Sword Saint, you must always have many things troubling you.]

Reinhard: [It was of my own will that I acquired this position and Divine Protection. I suppose it ought to be called my responsibility.]

Divine Protections were endowed articles.

It seemed a bit strange to phrase it as if something acquired through one’s volition, but Otto immediately recalled that the Divine Protection of the Sword Saint alone was something inherited by a worthy successor a posteriori.

As such, following the death of the previous Sword Saint, Reinhard was in the position to inherit it.

Reinhard: [For people with Divine Protections, there are unending troubles that come with dealing with them. From what I can see, Otto, you have quite the mastery over your own, is that not so?]

Otto: [It is outrageous to say that I have mastered it. Ever since I was born, this Divine Protection has always been far too much for me to handle. If I could give it away to someone else, I would gladly do so.]

Reinhard: [Haha, you mustn’t say such thoughtless things. There is no shortage of people who envy those bearing Divine Protections. Of course, I think that goes without saying for you.]

Otto: [In reality, I do not think it is anything worth being envied for.]

As Reinhard had said, the troubles that came alongside Divine Protections were unending.

Not only could they not be shared with people who lacked any Divine Protection, they could not even be shared with people who possessed differing Divine Protections; it was something akin to continuing to answer a difficult problem with no example solution.

Unmistakably, Otto’s response to Reinhard’s flattery was his true feelings. ――Not once had he ever been so conceited to think that he had achieved mastery over the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language. Likely, he never would.

Otto: [Unlike your Divine Protection of the Sword Saint, Reinhard-san, mine is not something that would leave its name down in history.]

Reinhard: [Sword Saint this, Sword Saint that; I wish you would not put so much emphasis on that title. After all, I still find myself inexperienced for this position, under the weight of such a title. I do not intend to act any more important because of it.]

Otto: [It is said that the position makes the person. It could just be that you are not aware of it, Reinhard-san, and your Sword Saint-ness actually overpowers those in your surroundings.]

Reinhard: [Overpowering with my Sword Saint-ness… maybe you could tell me more about it? Perhaps it is the cause of why Felt-sama, Rachins, and the others are always telling me all sorts of things.]

Otto: [Though, it is troubling how eagerly you are responding to what was just a joke!]

Unexpectedly finding his remark latched onto, Otto cried out at Reinhard’s assertive questions.

As their exchange shifted to a lighter tone, Otto slightly cut back on his wariness towards Reinhard, granting his own heart some leeway.

At the very least, Otto currently did not have any reason to damage his reputation by hastening into political strife against Felt and Reinhard. He was by no means in the best condition, either.

Above all, Subaru was right in the middle of exerting every effort for the sake of Al in far-distant lands.

Otto: [Even I would feel guilty about scheming behind the scenes while Natsuki-san and the others are off trying to save someone’s heart. ――The same cannot be said for the Margrave Mathers.]

Unlike Subaru and the rest, who had set off for the Pleiades Watchtower alongside Al, Roswaal had taken Schult, formerly a servant of Priscilla, back to her territory of the Barielle Domain. Beneath that concern and consideration, there was no doubt that his objective lay in taking the opportunity to meddle with the Barielle Domain.

As one involved with the Royal Selection, such conduct was correct, diligent, and worthy of contempt. ――At the same time, even if it meant he was naive for not stooping to such cold-heartedness, Otto felt like it was better this way.

Reinhard: [Well then, shall we brew some tea? Allow me to show you what I am capable of.]

Otto: [By all means, let me see what you can do.]

Upon arriving at the kitchen, Reinhard took the tray with the tea set, and began making preparations. Watching over him, Otto took a small breather as he considered the developments yet to come.

Only, he had a premonition. Soon, there would be some sort of movement in the situation: that sort of premonition.

Otto: […Going so far as postponing Emilia-sama and Felt-sama’s audience, some discussion is being given priority at the castle. What in the world might it be about?]

Beside Otto as he muttered, a tiny silhouette lurked in the shadows of a pillar. ――It was the Zodda bug he had made a deal with, to make a report if there were any developments in the castle.

――In two ways, Otto’s premonition had been right on the mark.

The first was the report from the Zodda bug, informing him that the discussion in the castle which had gone out of its way to keep the Royal Candidates away had come to some sort of conclusion, and the second was the report from a girl of the Felt Camp during their visit to the Royal Residence―― Grassis.

That was a complicated, turbulent report, news of some trouble having occurred with Subaru’s side over at the Pleiades Watchtower, and the tidings that upon having taken Al captive, Subaru and the others would be heading for the Royal Capital.

--- Chapter 2: Sacrament of the Church ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――There once was a wonderful young man by the name of Fourier Lugunica.

When they had first met, he was still just a boy, and with the personable impression he gave off since those days remaining largely unchanged, he was a childish person.

He was cheerful, innocent, and naive, with a side to him such that one would never know what he might do or say even just one second later, always keeping those around him in suspense.

But, no matter how much he troubled them with his antics, he had such a charm that they would never particularly mind.

Theirs was a relationship spanning a decade.

Ten years of accumulated seconds, with each making it impossible to know what might happen in the next; there were so many things that happened.

Certainly, there were countless times where they could not simply laugh things off.

And yet, when reminiscing, even those events were ones that they looked back on with a smile.

And right in the heart of those memories recited with that smile, was always that smile of his, bright as the sun.

Allow this confession without any pretences. ――I loved Fourier Lugunica.

From the day they met, up until this very day, not once had those feelings ever wavered.

No matter what words Fourier spoke to them, no matter what thoughts he vented, no matter what tribulations they shared together, no matter what time they spent together, no matter what future he dreamed of, no matter what bitterly painful betrayals they faced, no matter what tragedy tore their heart to shreds, not once had their affection for him wavered in the slightest. ――Not once.

Certainly, if it were him, he could brave any situation without that smile of his fading. He would never lose hope.

In fact, until his very last moment, he never ceased to remain noble, pure of heart, and earnest.

They esteemed that from the bottom of their heart. They dearly respected it. They found it lovely.

That was why――,

???: [――Your Highness, I beg of you, please forgive me.]

This decision, this resignation, is by no means the result of my love for you fading.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Church of the Divine Dragon was, as its name suggested, a religious organization that held faith in the Divine Dragon Volcanica, who had established a Covenant with the Kingdom, and dedicated themselves to its power and grace.

Its establishment unmistakably dated back four hundred years, to the era of the Covenant that earned the Kingdom of Lugunica the moniker of Dragon Kingdom; thus, there could be no objection to calling it a group with an ancient and distinguished history.

In fact, the Church of the Divine Dragon had remonstrated itself against the expansion of its own influence, and had maintained a certain distance from that which lay at the heart of the Kingdom, such as the Royal Family and the Royal Castle. That is to say, this was proof that the Church of the Divine Dragon had not sought out more power than was necessary, merely choosing instead to define itself as a foundation of faith.

Consequently, even when the Royal Family of Lugunica was eradicated by an epidemic, and the Royal Selection to decide the next to sit upon the throne had begun, the Church of the Divine Dragon did not actively intervene in the Kingdom’s affairs.

???: [But, we’re no longer in a position where we can be saying things like that so calmly. Ever since I heard of the Witch Cult’s violence in the Watergate City, my patience has been approaching its limit by the day.]

???: [――――]

???: [Of course, this anger should be directed toward the Witch Cult who have treated the common people so cruelly. But it’d be a nearly impossible task to uncover and punish them thoroughly… or rather, even if we punished them, it would not save those who have already suffered. All things have an order of priority.]

???: [――――]

???: [Punishment must not take precedence over salvation. This too, is in the scriptures. “Punishment absent salvation is idle lightning; the Dragon first spreads its wings and embraces even the smallest of lives with affection.” This is precisely what I believe; the optimal solution for humanity…!]

Emphatically arguing so, the woman forcefully shut the thick scriptures she held to her chest.

The amount of force put into that action was such that the man listening worried the pages of the bound tome might fall out. Fortunately, the book that was slammed shut with such force did not fall apart, and a catastrophe that could have caused the persuasiveness of that forceful speech from just before to fall to the ground was also averted.

Woman: [Ahem, ahem. I’m sorry. It seems I got a tad too impassioned. It’s a habit of mine. Whether it is a good or bad habit, that shall depend on my deeds from this point on.]

And as her listener was worrying about such trifling things as the book, the woman who had made that speech cleared her throat with a tinge of embarrassment before saying so.

Despite reflecting on her own conduct, that way of thinking was striking in how it came across as strangely forward-thinking.

The man was impressed by the strength to declare that whether it was good or bad would depend upon one’s own attitude going forward; it was a way of thinking that he held a favorable impression towards. ――Though favorable, it was still an extremely complicated impression.

???: [――――]

He examined her with a glance: a beautiful woman clad in a nun’s habit.

The woman, who had introduced herself as a nun of the Church of the Divine Dragon, had visited the Karsten Family’s mansion in the Royal Capital after having held a discussion with the Council of Wise Men earlier in the Royal Castle.

The purpose of her visit was astonishing, and even now he had yet to fully recover from that shock. But the impact she had brought with her did not stop at merely the purpose of her visit.

A nun with long golden hair and crimson eyes that housed the light of her determination. Those physical characteristics of hers, and above all else, her name―― Filóre, that was how she had introduced herself, but it brought with it a shock within his old bones that rivaled the purpose of her visit.

Filóre: […I feel awkward and self-conscious saying something like this, but when you stare at me like that, I’m bewildered… I am bewildered. Quite a bit.]

???: [――. I beg your forgiveness. It appears I have been rather impolite.]

Filóre: [No, it’s not like I’m blaming you. It’s just that as a young person, the overwhelming look in your eyes, from the one called the Sword Demon… felt scary… life-threatening? Well, anyways, I just can’t help but feel that there is some other expression that sounds better.]

Indeed, toward Filóre, who was willing to overlook the boorishness of his gaze, the one who had been referred to by his epithet―― Wilhelm, quietly bowed in apology.

The intention behind his apology was twofold: both for the intimidating gaze, and for how long she had been made to wait. After all, over an hour had already passed since Filóre had arrived at the mansion.

In the meantime, Wilhelm had been unable to think of a subject to pass the time, and Filóre, who abhorred the silence, had been searching for topics to discuss since the start. She kept asking for refills of her tea to avoid the awkwardness, and she was already breaking ground on her sixth cup.

Nevertheless, the truth was that the lack of discussion was not solely due to Wilhelm’s clumsiness when it came to speaking. The greatest reason was the dual impact caused by her visit that had shaken Wilhelm to his very core, ripping away any composure he had previously possessed.

In truth, he wondered how he should treat Filóre. Wilhelm looked to the individual standing along the wall behind her, as if seeking an answer there.

He was a tall, strong man who had accompanied Filóre to the mansion――,

Wilhelm: [――Commander of the Royal Guard, Marcos Gildark.]

Marcos: [Sir.]

When Wilhelm called that name, the large man clad in silver armor who had remained silent, Marcos, straightened his already straight back even further, and responded.

His reply had been naught but a single word, but one could feel a sense of upheaval like a giant boulder being stirred, as well as a definite reverence within that solemn voice.

Wilhelm, slowly shaking his head at the consideration imbued into that tone of the man’s voice,

Wilhelm: [There is no need for you to be so formal. It has been over a decade since I was the Commander of the Royal Guard. I am just an old fool, who cannot be compared to the likes of you, the current leader of the Royal Guard.]

Marcos: [An old fool? Surely you jest.]

Commenting on Wilhelm’s remark, a faint smile rose to the surface of Marcos’s stony countenance.

He may have thought it mere modesty, but by Wilhelm’s own admission, it was no lie. He had been endeavoring to regain his former skill with the sword, but the results he had hoped for were not readily being realized with his aging body.

This explained the reason why the old veteran could never relinquish the sword, and yet, he was still so far from reaching it.

Wilhelm: [At the very least, I have recovered to the point where I can make the active Commander of the Royal Guard pass it off as a joke. I suppose I can say it is fortuitous in that respect.]

Naturally, someone appointed as Commander of the Royal Guard would be among the preeminent powerhouses of the Kingdom.

Wilhelm believed that Marcos, like himself, possessed the talent worthy of that position, though he did not intend that as self-praise―― and beyond that, he was one of the most distinguished fighters throughout history. He had been overshadowed by Wilhelm, whose deeds had always been wide-spread, and Reinhard, the strongest Sword Saint in history; but, the current strength of the Knights owed itself to the merit of the man leading them.

It was also for this reason that Wilhelm appraised Marcos as the most qualified individual out of all the prior Commanders of the Knights. But then, any evaluation of Wilhelm, who had put personal grudges ahead of loyalty and left behind his duties, may have been worthless drivel from his own point of view.

In any case, the subject Wilhelm wanted to broach here and now was not talk of the troubles of fellow Commanders of the Royal Guard separated by a generation. It was a much more serious and dire topic.

And that was――,

Wilhelm: [――Am I to conclude that the Council of Wise Men grasp the current state of affairs?]

Marcos: [Of course. They are taking this to be an extraordinary turn of events.]

Wilhelm: [That is… inevitable, I suppose.]

Omitting the subject, Wilhelm confirmed this, and Marcos did not feign ignorance nor ask what he was talking about.

It was unclear whether the answer was based more on his personality or position, but as for Wilhelm, he could confirm that the Council of Wise Men must have experienced the same shock as he had, and he let out a sigh.

Wilhelm: [To think that she has the same name as Filóre Lugunica-sama, daughter of Prince Ford Lugunica-sama.]

It had overflowed from his sigh, and as he listened to his own murmur, pregnant with an emotion that was neither relief nor grief, Wilhelm could not sort out his own feelings. And as previously mentioned, that sentiment was not solely confined to Wilhelm, but it also applied to the Council of Wise Men and everyone else who participated in the discussion at the Royal Castle.

Filóre Lugunica had disappeared fifteen years ago―― and a girl with the same physical characteristics of the Royal Family of Lugunica, even bearing the same name as her, had suddenly appeared.

Wilhelm: [――――]

Glancing at Filore, who was now drinking from her seventh cup of tea in order to avoid boredom, Wilhelm searched for a glimpse of the Royal Family of his memories in her profile.

If he were to say that there was, then there was, and if he were to say that there was not, he would accept that too; there was only that kind of vague sensation.

To begin with, the princess had disappeared when she was but an infant, so it was impossible to escape the realm of conjecture regarding how she may have grown up had she survived. ――However, supposing her lineage was as Wilhelm and the others suspected, it was a serious problem that would shake the foundations of the Kingdom.

This could put the continuation of the Royal Selection itself into a precarious state, and depending on the intentions of the Church of the Divine Dragon, one could even call it the seed of a disaster that could well lead to the division of the Kingdom.

What would sprout from that seed, and what kind of flowers might bloom, were things none could possibly imagine.

Be that as it may, there were things he could declare with certainty at this point in time.

There were two Royal Selection camps who would suffer the greatest impact from Filóre’s existence and her proposal as a representative of the Church of the Divine Dragon. ――Needless to say, one would be the Crusch Camp, to which Wilhelm also belonged.

Wilhelm: [――Crusch-sama.]

Closing his eyes, Wilhelm thought of his master, who had extended a helping hand to him.

One of the Royal Candidates, a preeminent woman of talent in the Kingdom, and heir to Duke Karsten: for Wilhelm, who had continued to pursue the White Whale to avenge his wife, she was his irreplaceable benefactor. But the reason he still firmly believed that she herself was worthy of the throne, even now, was not simply out of gratitude.

Crusch’s attitude, character, and way of being―― that heroic sense of values and bearing like a polished sword were the reasons why Wilhelm desired her to ascend to the throne with all his heart.

Even after falling into the clutches of Gluttony and losing her Memories, that was unable to take away the earnest nobility and sincerity that permeated the core of her being.

In other words, he believed that it was the innate brilliance of her soul itself.

Consequently, for that master to suffer further disasters brought Wilhelm great sorrow, and he was assailed by his own helplessness that threatened to tear him apart; such was this bitter experience of his.

However, it could be said that it was preferable to at least be able to regret and lament one’s own errors, inadequacy, and mistakes in judgment.

Wilhelm: [――Ferris.]

The name that he subsequently voiced was that of her admirable one and only Knight, who, as far as Wilhelm knew, was likely the individual most harrowed by his deepest regrets and sense of powerlessness in the days since the Royal Selection had begun.

Wilhelm: [――――]

The reason Wilhelm was currently making their visitors, Filóre and Marcos, wait, was due to none other than Ferris. As Wilhelm and the others passed the time away in stagnation at the parlor, Ferris was spending time with Crusch in her bedroom, just the two of them.

Wilhelm gritted his teeth; just how heartbreaking, how agonizing must that time be?

It was the kind of suffering that made him want to pray that if he could take Ferris’s place and grant some relief, he would.

However, Wilhelm could not serve as a substitute. ――No, it was not only Wilhelm; no one else could replace Ferris in his current role.

It was a decision that none but Ferris could make, a choice that none but Ferris could be permitted to make; that was what lay before him.

Wilhelm, Filóre, Marcos; all of them could only continue to patiently wait for that decision and choice to be made, and nothing else.

There was no need to be impatient. Everyone had a hunch that it would not take long.

And in fact, it did not.

???: [――I’m sorry I’ve kept you waiting.]

Saying so in a miserable voice, Ferris stepped into the parlor.

He was sure he had done his best. However, there were traces of tears on Ferris’s pale cheeks, and his wavering amber eyes were even now still colored by a fragment of the conflict within that could not be erased.

Wilhelm hesitated to say anything, Ferris’s thin shoulders drooping, and his cat ears and tail, which made his demi-human ancestry apparent, were worn out and exhausted.

He could not ask such a transparent question as “What happened?”. “It is not your fault,” perhaps? How in the world could he dare to say such a thing? Not to mention, if he were to say “Nothing could be done”, he would want to cut off his own head.

There were no words to be said. Any conceivable words would just be a blade cutting through Ferris at the moment. Amongst everything he could choose, it was silence that would be the shortest and least horrible blade to stab him with.

Filóre: [How long it took is no problem for me. I’m aware of the weight of responsibility you shoulder… That’s probably nothing more than mere consolation though.]

Ferris: […Yeah. But, mere consolation helps. Because, I’m completely overwhelmed right now.]

Rather than to Wilhelm, who remained silent, Ferris instead responded to Filóre, who had spoken up.

His usual mischievous childishness mixed with frivolity had faded away, and his feeble smile seemed like it would crumble at a single touch; brittle, like it was made of candy.

Likely aware of that to a keen extent, Filóre continued her words.

Ferris seemed to be on the verge of falling apart, and as if to postpone that moment from arriving,

Filóre: [Please, let me hear the answer. ―― Your answer.]

Gently extending her hand, Filóre fixed her crimson eyes upon Ferris and asked thus. Meeting that gaze head-on, Ferris’s thin lips trembled.

The hesitation that arose, however, had no power to restrain the devotion of the Blue――,

Ferris: [――Please. I’m… not enough. Please, save Crusch-sama.]

To the outstretched hand of Filóre from the Church of the Divine Dragon, that was the answer of the one and only Knight of Crusch Karsten, the Blue, Felix Argyle―― of Ferris.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Is that true?]

Right in the middle of a moment of peace, having just exchanged a promise of friendship with Felt who had come to visit the Royal Residence, was when it was heard that at the Karsten Villa in the Royal Capital, where Crusch had been transported, treatment would be administered to counter the accursed poison tormenting her body.

Otto: [My knowledge in the matter is lacking, but it seems that a discussion involving the Church of the Divine Dragon has taken place at the Royal Castle. Apparently, the Church has a countermeasure to combat the suffering that the Sin Archbishop of Lust has inflicted upon Duchess Karsten’s body.]

Emilia: [A countermeasure… as in, you mean they can heal Crusch-san’s body? Is it a different way than what made Subaru’s hand turn black?]

Otto: [Unfortunately, for more details…]

Felt: [Well, there ain’t any point in dawdling about. ――Reinhard, head over to the Castle for a bit and figure out what they were talking about.]

Reinhard: [Understood.]

Amidst Emilia’s confusion over the report from Otto, who had just returned from brewing tea, Reinhard immediately soared to the Castle upon receiving an order following Felt’s swift judgment.

Watching the ever-diminishing figure of Reinhard as he jumped out of the window, Emilia muttered to herself, “The Church of the Divine Dragon…”,

Emilia: [Those are the people that reaaally believe in Volcanica. But, didn’t they say that, so they wouldn’t get involved with the Kingdom’s politics, they weren’t going to approach the Castle?]

Felt: [Regardless, those bastards broke the mutual agreement and showed their faces in the Castle… It’d be great if those guys can do something about Crusch-neechan’s body, but if that’s the case, they should’ve said some damn thing sooner.]

Otto: [I am unable to discern the Church of the Divine Dragon’s motives. At the moment, all of the information we have is unconfirmed. It is just――]

During this conversation which grew ever more markedly perplexing, Otto closed his mouth, seemingly deep in thought. Seeing this, Emilia tilted her head and asked “Otto-kun?”, and with a shake of his head,

Otto: [No, while the situation remains uncertain, I should refrain from saying anything. For now, let us wait for Reinhard-san’s return.]

Emilia: […Okay? I understand. When you want to talk about it, let me know properly.]

Felt: [Regardless of whether or not green-niichan wants to talk about it, that bastard Reinhard isn’t gonna make us wait all that long. Jeez, he’s so irritating.]

With her arms folded, Felt tapped her toe and grumbled in impatience.

As Felt gazed out of the window, gently drawing her head close, Emilia faced not towards the Castle for which Reinhard had departed, but rather searched for the Crusch Residence within the Noble District.

Since they had parted ways in Pristella, they had not been able to ascertain Crusch’s condition. Her heart panged with guilt at not being able to return with an immediately useful report from the Pleiades Watchtower. If, as Otto had overheard, the Church of the Divine Dragon was able to save Crusch, then――,

Emilia: [Even if it’s not because of us, that’s totally fine. So…]

Felt: [――He’s back!]

As Emilia was about to mutter a prayer, Felt painted it over with her assertive voice.

Just as when he had departed for the Castle, Reinhard returned to the Royal Residence in a single bound. He rushed towards the window before Emilia and the others, landing softly so as to not disturb the garden lawn.

And then――,

Reinhard: [Felt-sama, the situation is urgent. Would you please accompany me to the Castle?]

Felt: [Ahh? Why the Castle? More importantly, about our conversation from a moment ago…]

Reinhard: [――Felt-sama.]

Interrupting Felt, Reinhard called her name tersely. Felt narrowed her crimson eyes at his sharp demeanor, and with a “Tch” as she clicked her tongue,

Felt: [Got it. Me, to the Castle. What about Emilia-neechan and her companion?]

Reinhard: [The information from Otto’s report has been corroborated. Indeed, it seems that the Church of the Divine Dragon is heading towards Crusch-sama’s residence. There――]

Emilia: [We’ll go. I can’t sit still any longer!]

Hearing that Otto’s report was correct, Emilia gave her chest a powerful thump.

She must have been very worried about Crusch, but if Felt had no choice but to go to the Castle, then Emilia intended to bear part of her anxieties and make the visit.

Of course, there was a high possibility that they would be turned away amidst the confusion, but,

Otto: [A visit should be fine, at least. Leave it to us… It looks like we, too, might have to head to the Castle afterwards.]

Reinhard: [Agreed. It would be better for you to think that way. Felt-sama.]

Felt: [I know, no need for you to call me over and over again.]

Snorting at Reinhard as he extended his hand, Felt hopped lightly onto the window sill, and turning around to say “Emilia-neechan” as she jumped into his arms,

Felt: [The night before the devastation in Pristella, I promised Crusch-neechan that we would talk more. So…]

Emilia: [――! Yes, leave it to me! That Felt-chan is reaaally worried, I’ll be sure to let Crusch-san know!]

Felt: [Hah. I still don’t think it’s a good idea to be surrounded by friends in the Royal Selection.]

Shrugging her shoulders in response to Emilia’s strong resolve, Felt jumped into Reinhard’s arms. As he caught her with reverence, adjusting her position within his arms, Reinhard briefly glanced at Emilia and Otto―― immediately after, with another single leap, he flew back towards the Castle.

Otto: [Oh dear, he really is abnormal. Us humans will have to hurry on our own feet.]

Emilia: [If I try my best, I might be able to hold Otto-kun in my arms and hop over with a “pyon”…]

Otto: [That has some pros and cons, but please do that for Natsuki-san, not me. ――Let us hurry.]

Emilia: [Got it!]

Nodding at Otto’s urging, Emilia too quickly hurried off, rushing into the streets of the Royal Capital.

Their destination was the Karsten residence―― previously, when Crusch and company had been injured in an attack following the Subjugation of the White Whale, they had hastened down this same route out of concern; their impatience now carried them much faster than before.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Ferris!]

Gasping for breath from her dash there, when Emilia witnessed the figure of Ferris kneeling as if in prayer, she called out to him with a voice bordering on a shriek.

Her voice making his flaxen cat ears tremble, Ferris timidly turned his head.

Ferris: […Emilia… sama?]

Emilia: [Yes, that’s right. I haven’t heard all of it, but I know the gist. Sorry it took so long to get here.]

Ferris’s feeble voice was acutely agonizing for Emilia, and it ached deep within her heart.

He had always given off an air of adorableness and liveliness, and yet when they met again like this after such a long time, Ferris felt so pitiful and ephemeral, it seemed like he would just fade away.

As if to prevent that from happening, Emilia embraced that slender figure without any hesitation.

Ferris: [――Y-you’ll get tears and snot on you.]

Emilia: [That’s nothing to worry about. It doesn’t bother me. Leaving you like this would be way, way more painful, Ferris.]

Ferris: [――Hk.]

Taking care not to squeeze too tightly with her arms, Emilia hoped that the heat of her own body, as well as her concern for Ferris, who was right before her eyes, as well as for Crusch, would be conveyed.

Behind Emilia and Ferris, treading across the carpet was Wilhelm, who had received them. Emilia and Otto had arrived at the estate in a panic, and rather than turning them away, Wilhelm had let them in.

Having arrived late after Emilia, Otto stole a quick glance at Wilhelm,

Otto: [I know we are the ones paying you a visit, but is it okay? In this situation…]

Wilhelm: [It is my own judgement, but it was precisely because of the current situation that I did so. Even if it is but a single person, it is reassuring to know that someone is sincerely praying for Crusch-sama’s well-being right now.]

Otto: […It is certainly true that in that regard, Emilia-sama’s power is indeed great.]

Otto and Wilhelm were having some sort of exchange behind her, but Emilia could not hear their words. Right then, she wanted to devote her heart and soul to Ferris, who was in her arms. Holding his feebly, pitifully trembling body, Emilia tenderly stroked his back.

Emilia: [Ferris, is Crusch-san…?]

Ferris: [――She’s… inside. Inside that room, right now, they’re treating…]

Emilia: [――――]

Firmly within her embrace, Ferris indicated the door he had been kneeling and praying before with his gaze―― within Emilia’s memories, she recalled it was a bedroom.

Without a doubt, it was the room where Crusch had been brought to rest and where the treatment was taking place.

And yet, that Ferris was outside the room like this――,

???: [It is a Sacrament of the Church of the Divine Dragon, esoteric and not to be shown to outsiders.]

Emilia was taken aback when the large figure standing as still as a statue in the hallway replied with that answer. Now that she got a good look at him, she recognized him as the Commander of the Royal Guard, whom she had seen several times at the Royal Castle.

She wondered if the Commander of the Royal Guard had also been worried about Crusch and rushed over. Or perhaps he was good friends with Ferris, and that was the reason why he was present.

In any case――,

Emilia: [A Sacrament… so can it be used to save Crusch-san?]

Ferris: [I d-don’t know… b-but, there’s no other way… I-I, I-I’m u-useless… hk.]

Emilia: [That’s not… hk!]

…True , is what she had wanted to say aloud. In fact, had this been the Emilia from not too long ago, she certainly would have said so without thinking anything of it.

However, she now realized that simply saying that on impulse, without any thought, would not encourage or console Ferris in any true sense.

Ferris was amazing. He possessed a truly, immensely special and incredibly kind power.

However, Ferris was unable to use this power that Emilia respected from the bottom of her heart for the sake of Crusch, the most important person in the world to him. He was crying and trembling like this, facing such a truly arduous and excruciating reality that he could do nothing about; there was no way she could say that without any thought.

Emilia: [It’s okay, it’s okay.]

Therefore, Emilia swallowed back down the words she had begun to say, and tenderly embraced Ferris. She continued to embrace him. Continued to embrace him, and continued to hold him close.

When Emilia had felt frozen by her own powerlessness, that was what had made her happiest; so, she did the same for him.

Emilia: [――Hang in there, Crusch-san.]

Supporting the weeping and trembling Ferris, Emilia prayed.

Emilia knew that Otto and Wilhelm, along with the Commander of the Royal Guard, were also praying for her, right behind where she and Ferris held each other close in prayer for Crusch’s well-being.

Behind that door, someone whose face she did not know, from the Church of the Divine Dragon, was struggling.

Struggling to save Crusch, who sustained a horrific injury fighting for the people.

Wishing for that tenacity to bear fruit, she prayed, and prayed, and prayed, and then eventually――,

???: [――You can enter now.]

Suddenly, a voice was heard from the other side of the door, and Emilia snapped her head up.

It was a completely exhausted female voice, its message causing Ferris to flinch within Emilia’s arms as he stared at her face in disbelief.

His wholehearted prayers brought to an abrupt halt, Ferris’s mind was unable to catch up with reality.

Emilia: [Can you stand?]

Ferris: [Y-yes, I can s-stand…]

Standing up before Ferris, Emilia lent him her arm to help him up. His slender knees shook unreliably, but Ferris turned his round eyes toward the door and exhaled, walking one step at a time.

Supporting Ferris’s shoulder as he did so, Emilia also headed for the door as well. Then, she turned the door handle for him, as his whole body continued to shake.

The door made a sound as it opened, and on the other side was the bedroom. There was a bed placed in the center of the room, and a woman had been laid upon it. That figure was――,

Ferris: [――Ah.]

Letting out a hoarse sigh, Ferris stepped forward as if he were in a trance. His legs of no particular reliability seemed like they would immediately become tangled and pull him down.

However, that did not happen. Ferris unconsciously shook off Emilia’s supporting hand and headed for the bed where Crusch lay with enough momentum that it seemed like he would collapse onto it.

Ferris: [Crusch-sama… Crusch… sama… Crusch-samaaa… hk.]

Hearing that choked, tearful voice repeatedly calling out for his beloved, Emilia stepped forward towards the middle of the room as well, gazing upon Crusch, whom Ferris was fixed on.

Having spent so long bedridden, Crusch’s beauty had become emaciated, and her skin pale like that of an invalid, even despite the daily care she had received. ――However, the evil poison that had taken root, stretching across her face, neck, and body, was nowhere to be found upon her visible skin.

???: [Prayers… can be answered.]

Emilia: [――You are?]

Emilia, who stood beside Ferris as he clung to the bed, looked around, noticing the form of a blonde woman across the bed, stretching out her legs as she sat on the floor.

She was a member of the Church of the Divine Dragon who had been testing a method to save Crusch. Her breathing was markedly fatigued, and despite the amount of sweat covering her forehead, the woman broke out in a smile,

Blonde Woman: [This too, is in the scriptures. “The salvation of but one, is according to the prayers of the many. For it is only in communion that the grace of the Dragon shall reign supreme.”]

Emilia: [――Hk, thank you.]

Blonde Woman: [This much is a piece of cake… I mean, of course.]

The expression of the woman with a brave smile upon her face stiffened, and she immediately corrected her speech. While feeling sincere gratitude for her efforts, Emilia crouched and put her arms around Ferris’s shoulders.

As she supported Ferris in the midst of his shaking and weeping, she rejoiced with all her heart in knowing that their prayers had been answered.

Emilia: [Crusch-san, when you wake up, there reaaally is so much that I want to talk with you about. I have a message from Felt-chan, and a lot more I want to say.]

With all traces of that gruesome and vile poison wiped from her face, Crusch slept, her eyes still closed. Wishing dearly for the time that sleeping face would wake, Emilia spoke to her.

When she woke, there would be much that Emilia wanted to talk about. Among them were her own selfish desires, spurred on by Anastasia and Felt.

Therefore――,

Emilia: [Reaaally, reaaally, thank you so much for hanging in there.]

Indeed, Emilia’s eyes softened as she expressed her gratitude for each and every person there.

△▼△▼△▼△

Otto: [――――]

Laying his eyes upon the results displayed by the Sacrament of the Church of the Divine Dragon, Otto gazed at Ferris, who was clinging to his bed-ridden master, and Emilia, who was supporting him.

Wilhelm: [Crusch-sama, how truly… how truly…]

Likewise, bearing witness to the same sight, Wilhelm was overcome with emotion, his voice trembling.

It was proof that even he, famous for his legendary swordsmanship under the name of the Sword Demon, had continued to have his heart worn down by his inability to be of use to his master during her time of anguish.

Though incomparable to the devotion of her one and only Knight, Ferris, who had devoted himself to her for many long years, it was still clear that Wilhelm’s chest had been filled with relief and gratitude.

And in no small amount, Otto felt the same.

Just before this, as he had recollected alongside Reinhard, Otto too had been shaken by the death of Priscilla. Hence, the fact that Crusch had been saved after sustaining a tremendous wound during the battle at the Watergate City caused him to feel a definite relief.

That made him glad. Truly, he was glad.

But at the same time, he became convinced of the possibility of which he had refrained from informing Emilia.

That was――,

Otto: [――The Royal Selection of Duchess Crusch Karsten, ends here.]

At the very least, it was a conviction that did not need to be shared with anyone present here at the current moment, in this place shedding tears of joy at Crusch’s safe recovery, whispered soundlessly in the confines of his mouth.

--- Chapter 3: An Omen of Light ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Whenever Felt set foot into the Royal Castle, she would always endure a sensation akin to breaching a resistance, one as thin as a single layer of skin.

To Felt, who had been raised in the Slums of the Royal Capital before the commencement of the Royal Selection, the Royal Castle of Lugunica was but a symbol of absolute disconnect, one that lingered at the corner of her vision, but bore no relation whatsoever to her own life.

A place that whilst there, she would have no involvement whatsoever. Hazy and irreal, like a mirage whose existence held no perceptible worth; it left such an impression.

And that was why, even now, whenever she had the opportunity to visit the Castle as a Royal Candidate, she felt as if she were stepping into a dream or an illusion.

And as such――,

???: [――Felt-sama?]

Having had her name called, Felt stopped in her tracks and raised her head.

Her crimson gaze returned the stare of the blue eyes of her Knight as he turned back to her, his hands upon the door; with a brief snort, she replied shortly, “It’s nothing”.

Yes, it was nothing. No one could stop their stride now.

Felt: [Let’s go.]

Standing atop the resolution this declaration gave them, Felt tore through that skin-thin resistance, and proceeded forth.

When the Knight―― Reinhard gave a nod and opened the door, on the other side was a place that, as always, was bustling with the presence of many people, a place filled with a bizarre tension.

It was a space where individual agendas intermingled chaotically, exchanged in the form of gazes and words. However, the moment Felt set foot inside, those scattered intentions were unexpectedly unified.

That was to say, unified into a single unreserved will to appraise Felt for the sake of the Kingdom’s future.

Felt: [Well, it ain’t like I care. When facing up with someone, I’ve got plenty of those same feelings myself.]

Setting aside the Royal Selection, this worldly wisdom was Felt’s method of survival in the Slums, or perhaps something akin to life experience. Whether the other party was useful to oneself or not, what they might be thinking deep down, she had made a habit of ascertaining such things.

In truth, even since becoming a Royal Candidate, this ingrained habit had come to her aid.

After all, she was meeting with far more people now than she ever did in the Slums, and she was swamped with opportunities where she had to discern their true motives. If she had been forced to rebuild that sense of judgment from scratch, there was no telling how much she would have struggled.

That being said――,

Felt: [Though, there are folks like Emilia-neechan who have nothing to do with that sort of thing.]

Emilia who, despite being a fellow Candidate for the Royal Selection, maintained a defenselessness that bordered on the miraculous.

Felt suspected that behind Emilia’s ability to retain that demeanor lay the extraordinary efforts of her Knight, Natsuki Subaru, and others like Otto who accompanied her all this time.

However, on the other hand, Felt’s assessment was that neither the Royal Selection nor the environment which surrounded it was simple enough for someone to survive solely by unconditional protection. For all that, Emilia possessed a solid eye for people and the intuition to sense their ulterior motives.

Since she acted that way despite having those instincts, it made things rather difficult for Felt to deal with.

Felt: [In the end, she went and made me her friend, too.]

Reflecting on the decision she herself had just made, Felt heaved a deep sigh.

She had no regrets accepting Emilia’s offer, but she felt that the path ahead had become unclear yet again. She had no intention of resorting to dirty tricks or schemes, but there was no doubt it would have been easier to make decisions without holding back if they were just rival camps clashing fiercely against each other.

If it was just the other side that held a one-sided affection for her, then the opponent would be the only one at a disadvantage.

Felt assumed that this must have been Anastasia’s true aim in inviting the other camps to Pristella, her basic strategy. ――Unfortunately, that scheme was seemingly crushed by a flow of events which led to her becoming friends with Emilia after the Royal Selection.

Be that as it may――,

Felt: [Fine by me, I don’t hate it. It’s been a while since I’ve had those appraising gazes directed at me instead.]

This was no bravado, but full acceptance of the scrutiny directed towards herself, as Felt twisted the corners of her mouth into a smile.

Within the throne room into which she stepped―― the very place where the start of the Royal Selection had been declared, numerous officials of the Royal Castle of Lugunica were gathered; among them was the Council of Wise Men, who bore the weight of the nation’s administration.

The other day, Felt had reported on the incident at the Augria Sand Dunes and the Pleiades Watchtower―― of the achievements of Meili Portroute, who had sold herself as being capable of guiding the group to the Sage’s Tower; the atmosphere at present was distinctly different from when she had exchanged those words with them.

It was a gaze which was usually directed at Felt, almost as if looking upon a heretic or a foreigner―― in the beginning, at the point where she had joined the Royal Selection, Felt had picked a fight with every single person there.

It was close to the tone of bewilderment and confusion they had directed at that stray child from the Slums back then.

And so――,

Felt: [You guys with the “Who, me?” faces might be the reason for this.]

Stomping heavily across the red carpet, Felt walked directly to the center of the throne room. Closing one eye, she glared at the man and woman who were already standing there.

???: [――――]

The pair that turned to face Felt were both young, barely twenty years of age.

A gentle-looking man with bright-green colored hair, and a beautiful woman with short purple hair, reminiscent of flowers blooming in the rainy season. Despite the circumstances, the two of them stood dignified, not at all overwhelmed by their surroundings.

In fact, even at Felt’s opening, deliberately made as an attempt to seize the initiative, the two of them remained unshaken. The gentle-looking man gave a wry smile, while the woman waved her hand softly and fluttered, with an “Oh my, oh myyy”,

Purple-haired Woman: [Hehehe, aren’t you awfully sudden? Even though this is the first time we’ve met in this way, Felt-chan really is just as prickly as the rumors saaay.]

Felt: [Rumors, huh. What kind of rumors are those exactly?]

Purple-haired Woman: [Small and adorable, yet majestic and dignified; strong-willed and unyielding to anyone, putting even men to shame… the reputation is that the gap in charm is enough to make one diiizzy.]

Felt: [Now those are a bunch of unwanted rumors out there…]

As Felt expressed her dejection with that answer, the woman giggled with a glossy allure.

Clothes coated in deep crimson like a ripened fruit, a hat of similar hue tilted upon her head, the woman boasted an appearance and atmosphere that resembled that of a scribe, or perhaps a maid serving someone of high status. However, the way she unreservedly closed the distance with others, and her sleepy, drowsy red eyes, made it difficult to pin her down.

If said bluntly, she gave the impression of being someone not easily dealt with. However――,

Green-haired Man: [――Sakura, the person before you is a Candidate in the Royal Selection. Please stop speaking so smoothly in your usual tone. We wouldn’t have enough lives to spare.]

And, standing next to the woman, the gentle-looking man chided his companion’s attitude. That said, his rebuke was thick with the tone of a jest, offering no guarantee of his own seriousness or sincerity.

In fact, at the man pointing this out, the woman by the name of Sakura simply smiled, going “Huuuh?”,

Sakura: [Are you trying to make me the bad guy too, Tiga-chan? I’m already in bad standing thanks to that child’s selfishness, so to be told that by my only ally is such a letdooown.]

Tiga: [Then all the more reason not to increase our enemies. First impressions tend to linger, you know. Especially since right now, we are in a position where we aren’t exactly welcome… right?]

Sakura: [Yeees, yeees, Tiga-chan’s reasoning is sound, I suppooose.]

Tiga: [I am glad you understand.]

As Sakura stuck out her tongue in a sulky gesture, the man named Tiga nodded theatrically.

Then, turning himself towards Felt and Reinhard, he removed the wide-brimmed hat that had been pulled low over his head, and placing it against the chest of his dark purple cloak,

Tiga: [And so, my companion has been terribly rude, Felt-sama. I am Tiga Rauleon, and this is Sakura Element. We look forward to making your acquaintance.]

As he spoke, the gentle-looking man―― Tiga bowed with a distinct style, and, closing one of those yellow eyes he had turned toward Felt, he was a handsome man whose affected gestures truly suited.

Taking in the sight of Tiga and Sakura, Felt was convinced. Without a doubt, these two, who appeared to carry an atmosphere so distinct from the rest of the Royal Castle, were the reason Reinhard had taken her from the Royal Residence in a hurry――,

Felt: [Reinhard, these two…]

Reinhard: [Yes. ――They are the two envoys from the Church of the Divine Dragon.]

Standing beside Felt where she had halted her step, Reinhard faced the two in question.

Inadvertently, Felt and Reinhard, along with the duo from the Church of the Divine Dragon, faced off with each other in the middle of the throne room, drawing the attention of those present therein the Royal Castle.

Paying no heed to such attention, Felt crossed her arms, and glaring at Tiga,

Felt: [As far as I know, the Church of the Divine Dragon wasn’t supposed to involve itself in the country’s politics. So, why are you in a place like this?]

Tiga: [I am unsure of whether you will believe me, but in reality, this contact has been involuntary on our part as well. As you said, the Church has been trying to distance itself from national politics. Although of course, I won’t say that is because we lack a sense of belonging towards the Kingdom.]

Felt: [Involuntary contact, huh? You say that, while knowing that you might be able to do something for the body of Crusch Karsten, who’s a Royal Candidate herself?]

Tiga: [――. That is…]

In response to Felt’s words, Tiga faltered slightly. Next to him, Sakura covered her mouth with her hand and giggled once more.

Hearing that laugh, Felt growled with a “Huuh?” in her throat, and as Sakura tilted her head to the side,

Sakura: [No, no, Felt-chan really does have very sharp eaaars. Even though that topic you mentioned just now was supposed to be a secret kept only within this Caaastle.]

Felt: [Heh, you shouldn’t underestimate the hellish ears of this guy standing next to me. He’ll even listen to my footsteps when I get out of bed at night to go use the toilet.]

Reinhard: [While I will not deny it, that is a misleading way of phrasing that might invite misunderstanding, Felt-sama.]

Felt: [Shut up, quit forcing a smile like that and just look brazen! That’ll scare them way more, right?]

The origin of the information, that the discussion being held with the Church of the Divine Dragon at the Castle involved Crusch, had actually been Otto, so Felt concealed that fact out of obligation. At this point, adding on a few more rumors about Reinhard having hellish ears, or a habit of eavesdropping, would not hurt him much anyway. It was a fact that he could likely distinguish the sound of a needle being dropped a kilometer away, too.

Be that as it may――,

Felt: [――The problem’s in the “Church of the Divine Dragon” bit.]

Sakura: [Oh my, does Felt-chan hate the Church as weeell? I do think our activities in, say, the Slums, have had a positive impact thooough.]

Felt: [Sorry, but I hate taking charity. I’ve never lined up for the bread the Church hands out. And, it’s not like I’m saying that those activities are useless, or that I hate them. What I’m talking about right now is the part where your bunch can save Duchess Karsten.]

Sakura: [Does that mean that you want to leave a rival camp alone to suuuffer?]

Felt: [You tryna make me say “no” specifically? Sorry, but I ain’t got that much free time.]

Felt stuck out her tongue at Sakura, who, despite her sweet manner of speaking, laced her attacks with poison.

Indeed, Crusch belonged to a rival camp, but the reason she had fallen into her current state could not be helped. Everyone who had been present at that event bore a guilt regarding it, and if she was heading towards recovery, it was only human to try and take whatever helping hands were available. ――However, those of the Church of the Divine Dragon alone, were for Crusch a terrible mismatch.

After all――,

???: [――Duchess Crusch Karsten declared at the start of the Royal Selection: that she would annul the Covenant exchanged with the Dragon, and break away from the peace protected by it.]

Everyone: [――――]

Speaking thus, interrupting the conversation of Felt and the others, was an old man with a long beard who sat in a chair in the row of the Council of Wise Men―― Miklotov McMahon. Felt, sighing slightly at the words of one of the Sages who had finally decided to talk,

Felt: […The very person who made the declaration that the whole country relying on the Dragon was pathetic, she’s now borrowing the power of the Church of the Divine Dragon that worships said Dragon? It must look kinda lame…]

???: [Be careful of what you say, Felt-sama. This is not a matter of appearances…]

Miklotov: [No, it is as Felt-sama says. Appearances… in summary, it is a matter of optics. In that regard, Crusch-sama will receive an irreparable blow. Though, that is only if she chooses to take the hand offered to her.]

One of the civil officials present tried to interject in the exchange between Felt and Miklotov, but he was chided by none other than Miklotov himself.

The Sage’s interjection implied that the final right to make the decision regarding the proposal from the Church of the Divine Dragon lay with Crusch and her Camp.

However――,

Reinhard: [――Ferris.]

Holder of the title of the Blue, he who was the one and only Knight of Crusch, who now lingered in the utmost torment, was also the friend Reinhard thought of as he lowered his eyes slightly and uttered that name from his lips.

Felt had witnessed with her own eyes when she had visited how his beauty, usually mistakable for that of a lovely woman, had withered away from exhaustion, and how much he agonized and gasped beside Crusch. She had not heard of Crusch’s condition improving since then. If that was the case, his state of mind would be the same.

His precious master, continuing to burn in the flames of a deadly poison in a living hell. If a means to save her was offered, no one could blame her one and only Knight, no matter what decision he made.

Miklotov: [Of course, even for us, there was a debate regarding this proposal from the Church of the Divine Dragon. First, we had to ascertain whether the content of the proposal was factual or not. Depending on the result…]

Felt: [Maybe the guys who got affected in Pristella could be saved too. If ya think about that, the things we’re hung up on are pretty small potatoes, I guess.]

Miklotov: [Hmm. Are you convinced, then…]

Felt: [You really think I can be?]

She understood the logic, and she understood the reasoning. However, emotional acceptance was a different matter altogether.

Having joined the Royal Selection, Felt intended to keep moving in order to win. But, with Priscilla having died in the recent events in the Empire, if Crusch were to drop out because of this, it would be a completely different outcome from the way Felt wanted to settle things.

If it were to end in that manner, would it be all that different from Reinhard just going on a rampage and rendering all the other Royal Candidates into invalids?

Miklotov: [It is not as if anyone is to blame. If one must point fingers, every bit of fault lies with the Witch Cult.]

Felt: [I know it’s too late now, but I really should’ve roughed up that Wrath bastard a bit more before throwing her in prison. If I’d done that, maybe my gut would’ve settled down a little.]

Of course, she knew perfectly well that doing so would not solve anything, and it probably would not have made her feel any better, either. In the first place, most of the damage in Pristella had been caused by Gluttony and Lust; the aftereffects left by Wrath were extremely minor.

Reinhard understood this as well, so no one took that hateful grumbling of Felt’s seriously.

In any case――,

Felt: [I get what’s going on. The Church brought a treatment method, and the Duchess… ah, whatever. Whether Crusch-neechan will be saved or not depends on whether her Knight accepts that treatment… We don’t have the right to butt in there.]

Even if she had her own thoughts on the matter, only the people involved could choose what to do.

Having admitted that, Felt asked “So?”, directing her question to Reinhard beside her, and then to everyone present in the room.

Felt: [I understand the flow of things up to this point, but why was it necessary to drag me here in such a rush? I appreciate the explanation, sure, but you know Emilia-neechan is in the Royal Capital right now, too, it’s not just me. If it’s just this explanation, it shouldn’t have made a difference if you told us all together.]

This matter had the ability to significantly affect the Royal Selection. That was all the more reason why this information should have been shared urgently not just with Felt, but with Emilia as well. In a situation such as this, it was unlikely that Reinhard would try to outwit Emilia by bringing along only Felt. It was doubtful Reinhard even possessed the concept of outwitting others.

Despite that, there had to have been a reason why Felt, and only Felt, was brought to this place.

Felt: [If there is a reason, is it you guys from the Church? But, as of right now, I don’t have anything I wanna discuss with the Church… Though, I guess we could talk about the Divine Dragon.]

Her words became somewhat muddy and her tone dropped in the second half―― Felt’s perception of the Divine Dragon Volcanica, whom the Church of the Divine Dragon worshipped so grandly, had just recently changed.

Felt: [After all, when I went along with Meili to the Pleiades Watchtower, I ended up having to watch Reinhard fight that empty-headed Dragon up close and personal…]

The battle between the Sword Saint and the Divine Dragon had not taken place in an environment where either could exert their full power, but it had still been a fierce, apocalyptic clash. Through that battle, Felt had learned that the Divine Dragon was in a state far removed from the majesty spoken of in legends, but if she had been asked to explain the details, she would have been at a loss for words.

However, Tiga, in response to Felt’s concerns, shrugging his shoulders,

Tiga: [No, summoning you, Felt-sama, wasn’t our intention. Or rather, regarding the discussion just now, the Church is actually in a delicate position.]

Felt: [Just now, you mean the stuff involving Crusch-neechan? And what do you mean, delicate?]

Tiga: [Well, simply put… the Church hasn’t actually given a clear answer yet on whether we would act to save Duchess Crusch Karsten.]

Felt: [Haaah…?]

Felt involuntarily groaned in a low voice at the reply given by Tiga, who frowned with a troubled expression.

It was a statement that made no sense. She had understood the situation to be that the Church of the Divine Dragon possessed a means to heal those afflicted by the Witch Cult, had declared they would save Crusch with it, and had contacted the Royal Castle. But, what Tiga just said completely undermined that premise.

Felt: [But, that treatment is supposed to be administered to Crusch-neechan right now. If the Church hasn’t given an answer, then why is that…]

Sakura: [That is becaaause… one of our impatient girls went running ahead on her ooown.]

Felt: […Running ahead?]

Sakura: [Yeees. That is whyyy we also rushed to the Castle in a great paaanic to hear the situation from everyone. It really is quite the biiind.]

It was hard to tell just how much of it to believe, given Sakura’s lack of seriousness. However, Tiga, who seemed far more capable of normal conversation compared to Sakura, did not stop nor deny her statement, but instead placed a hand on his forehead as if embarrassed by his own kin.

If it was true, then the Church of the Divine Dragon had some reckless personnel of its own.

But, even so――,

Felt: [That still doesn’t explain why I was called here.]

Miklotov: [Hrm. Regarding that point, we too find it exceedingly troubling. Since Knight Reinhard happened to be present, we asked that you attend as well, Felt-sama. After all, in the dilemma we now face, Felt-sama is a concerned party.]

Felt: [――――]

Having been told that it was a problem related to her, Felt narrowed her crimson eyes and licked her lips.

Even if it had taken quite the detour, it seemed as though they were finally arriving at the main topic.

The movement of the Church of the Divine Dragon regarding Crusch’s fate, the fact that this was unexpected even for the part of the Church, and the reason why Felt was called to this place where their envoys were present.

That was――,

Miklotov: [The person I mentioned earlier, who contacted us on their own from the Church of the Divine Dragon… is a woman with beautiful golden hair, and crimson red eyes. Furthermore…]

Felt did not interject as Miklotov spoke these words.

The characteristics of this person were being told to her as if they were significant; Felt was not dull enough to miss what that implied.

While watching Felt’s reaction, Miklotov voiced the continuation of his explanation.

Miklotov: [That person gave her name as Filóre―― claiming to be the same name as the daughter of Ford Lugunica-sama, the younger brother of the King, the very girl who went missing fifteen years ago.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Filóre Lugunica, daughter of Prince Ford Lugunica.

While the significance carried by that name and existence was massively important for the Kingdom, it was of even greater significance to Felt above all else.

After all, Felt’s participation in the Royal Selection had not been solely decided due to her causing the Dragon Gem embedded in the insignia to shine, the act that qualified one for the Royal Selection; there was an even greater reason: the suspicion that Felt might have in fact been the missing Filóre.

As fate would have it, it had been fifteen years since Filóre had vanished as a baby.

That lined up with Felt in terms of age, and her hair and eye color were also consistent with the characteristic traits of the Royal Family of Lugunica. Of course, Felt had never thought of herself as a member of the Royal Family, and she had never attempted to take advantage of it. ――However, she was not so self-centered that she could completely disregard the possibility those around her might have been expecting.

There were many in the Kingdom of Lugunica who saw in Felt the possibility that she was of the lost Royal Family.

No matter how Felt saw herself, she could not change the expectations and envy of others; such was human nature. And even without speaking of the greater picture encompassing the subjects of the Kingdom, to those who happened to be present there during the commencement of the Royal Selection―― and to even Reinhard as well, it was a glimpse of hope that they cherished.

Without a doubt, it was true that the possibility of the Royal Family’s survival had bestowed Felt, who originated from the Slums, with an initial blade to wield in the fight upon the stage of the Royal Selection.

And then――,

Felt: [――The real Filóre who disappeared, huh?]

Felt muttered this under her breath, the situation suddenly sinking into her chest.

Indeed, no wonder such a great uproar had spread through the Royal Castle. Perhaps the possibility that Crusch had been saved by the Church of the Divine Dragon, raising real concerns about her possible withdrawal from the Royal Selection, was itself being treated as a trifling matter in the wake of that fact.

That was just how astounding the existence of the nun from the Church of the Divine Dragon who called herself Filóre was.

???: [――Felt-sama.]

Suddenly, she was addressed by Reinhard, standing next to her, causing Felt’s breath to catch slightly.

That appeal certainly had not caught her off-guard, but nevertheless, Felt had failed to pick up on what emotions had been contained within that voice. ――No, she must admit it.

The clear turmoil stirring within Felt prevented her from picking up on Reinhard’s emotions.

Felt: [――――]

In the beginning, when she had been brought to the commencement of the Royal Selection by Reinhard, she held naught but strong feelings of rebellion and hostility, partly due to her life of forced confinement in the mansion after being taken there from the loot house. Ultimately, she had decided to participate in the Royal Selection due to the course of events that transpired there, including Rom-jii’s intrusion. However, the reason Reinhard had brought her there in the first place, endorsing her as a candidate, must have been due to his suspicions of the survival of the Royal Family, the foundations of which had now been shaken to their very core.

They had been repudiated. ――No, it was not a repudiation, they stubbornly remained as uncertainties. In addition, Felt had so far scoffed at that possibility and walked all over it.

And yet, when it was repudiated once and for all before her own eyes, a clear turmoil churned within her soul. It was not due to some desire to attain royalty.

Those who had hoped Felt was a member of the Royal Family found their expectations betrayed, a disappointment caused by circumstances beyond her control.

Felt: […How pathetic.]

Discerning the true nature of that budding turmoil, Felt was disgusted with herself.

She hated herself for always being so bold and brazen, pretending to be unshakable no matter what might happen; yet as soon as she realized that something unforeseen might have been lost, something she thought she could be free of without it bothering her at all, she panicked so disgracefully.

Gritting her teeth at how pathetic she was being, Felt forced her heavy, stiff neck to turn, somehow managing to look in the direction of Reinhard, who stood beside her.

No matter what kind of face Reinhard was making there――,

Felt: [――――]

Having braced herself, Felt looked up, and within her vision was a pair of eyes looking straight back at her, the azure skies captured within them, not a single bit of worry or turmoil lay there whatsoever. Even disappointment, to say nothing of dejection, was absent.

There was truly only one thing present there: the utmost trust in Felt, that was all.

Felt: […What the hell sort of eyes are you making, huh?]

Reinhard: [In my own way, I believe they contain my unwavering loyalty to you, Felt-sama.]

Felt: [――. Hah, shut it.]

Whether he intended it in jest or in complete seriousness, Felt replied to Reinhard’s response by poking her elbow into his side as he gave a slight smile. She had no choice but to do so. What was particularly aggravating was that Reinhard’s bearing just then had made the emotions weighing on her suddenly feel so much lighter.

Felt: [No matter what, I’m me. Can’t do anything ‘cept fight back like that.]

She had needed an impetus to openly fight back against that which was obvious. By chance, that was provided by Reinhard, and despite wanting to object to that, Felt refrained from any complaint.

She had objections, but they were not bad objections. Although, she would never admit that to Reinhard.

And just like that, a definite and clear decision had immediately been made within Felt.

???: [――Knight Marcos Gildark has returned.]

Indeed, as a guard brought the news to the throne room, the expressions of all those there abruptly became tense. As Felt became alarmed by such a reaction, Reinhard leaned in to whisper in her ear, saying,

Reinhard: [It appears Commander Marcos brought the woman in question to Crusch-sama. Regardless of the right or wrong of such a remedy…]

Felt: [We’re coming face-to-face then. What a relief that it’s after I made up my mind.]

Responding to Reinhard’s whisper, Felt took a long, deep breath. Then, having Reinhard remain where he was standing next to her, she waited for a moment.

Then――,

???: [――So many people have been waiting for me. The circumstances are what they are, so perhaps it’s only natural.]

Felt heard such notions from an individual as they stepped through the door of the throne room and peered inside.

Felt: [So that’s…]

Was she the one calling herself Filóre, the nun from the Church of the Divine Dragon who had marched into the Royal Castle?

Just as she had heard prior, the woman was a nun with long golden hair and crimson eyes filled with determination. Though she was boldly standing tall, she seemed uncomfortable receiving the attention of the entire room all at once. However, due to the presence of the large armored figure just behind her, she could hardly step back.

In the end, she shook her head as if in resignation, and stepping straight into the room――,

???: [――Filóre-chan?]

Filóre: [Gehgeh.]

Upon taking her first step, she recognized the figure of Sakura turning and waving, and her carefully prepared expression stiffened dramatically, the color immediately draining from her face.

As it was, she had shifted her weight onto her front leg and then halted her movement, but after a brief pause, she attempted to turn around.

???: [Filóre, everyone already knows, so please behave yourself and come over here.]

Filóre: [Guh, not just Sakura, but even you, Tiga…]

Tiga: [Of course we were going to show up. Seriously, you’re just being selfish.]

Though the half-turned Filóre appeared distressed at Tiga’s appeal as he shrugged in exasperation, she also appeared resigned.

Abandoning the option of turning tail and fleeing, the girl plodded over dejectedly, her shoulders hunched, and before Tiga and Sakura, who were naturally acquaintances of hers, she took a deep breath, and――,

Filóre: [Devoting ourselves in prayer for the people of the Kingdom is the true purpose of the Church of the Divine Dragon, and I merely followed that doctrine. How about that?]

Tiga: [No matter how you put it…]

Sakura: [I don’t think you’re escaping a scolding and a lectuuure.]

Filóre: [But I’m not in the wrong!]

Immediately after puffing out her chest and making a grand declaration, her bluff was shattered. Toward the nun at her wits end who raised her voice to nearly that of a shriek―― toward Filóre, Felt instinctively raised an eyebrow.

The girl had a considerably different air about her compared to the first impression she gave off at a glance.

Moreover――,

Felt: [You’re quite a bit taller than me. Does the difference come from the luxury you lived in as a kid?]

Filóre: [Hold up, luxury? By luxury, are you referring to me? If that’s the case, that’s a big mistake. The Church of the Divine Dragon’s motto is the spirit of charity! Most of the Church’s spirit of compassion and charity is directed outward, not inward. In other words…]

Felt: [In other words?]

Filóre: [We’re famished almost all the time!]

With her hand on her stomach, Filóre loudly complained about the Church’s righteous poverty. Felt scratched her cheek in response to the vigor and volume of her voice, and upon finishing her declaration, Filóre was smacked on the back of the head. As she turned around with an “Ouch,” standing there behind her was Tiga, who had struck her head.

Directing his eyes in Filóre’s direction, looking at her like a troublesome little sister,

Tiga: [Don’t go around flaunting our shame. It’s a secret we’d taken great pains to keep from the heart of the nation until now. You’re not planning to expose anything and everything like that, are you?]

Filóre: [Th-there’s no way I would. If I were that loose-lipped, you two…]

Sakura: [In that caaase, what about the Sacrameeent?]

Filóre: [――――]

The sound of Filóre gulping in response to the questioning echoed with remarkable forte throughout the throne room.

As Tiga and Sakura both examined her face from either side, Filóre opened and closed her mouth for a moment, and then,

Filóre: […I m-made everyone leave.]

Tiga & Sakura: [Haaah…]

Filóre: [What grand sighs! Is this… is this the thanks I get for helping others? This too, is in the scriptures! “Even evils perpetrated under the cover of dusk are as a bonfire at midday in the eyes of the Dragon. The conceit of being able to keep it concealed is the very darkness of delusion thou dost construct for thyself!”]

Hoisting up the thick scriptures she had hastily produced with both hands, Filóre gave her excuse.

Felt was not very familiar with it, but she took the substance of what she had said just now to be something along the lines of, “Secrets always come out in the end, so do not become overconfident in them.”

That aside, there would most likely be some complaints about the scriptures of the Church of the Divine Dragon being used as a dictionary of excuses.

???: [Knight Marcos, did all go well?]

Ignoring the representatives of the Church of the Divine Dragon arguing amongst themselves, Miklotov fished for information from the Commander of the Royal Guard who had entered the throne room alongside Filóre.

His name called and a question asked of him, Marcos responded “Sir,” with a stern look still on his face.

Marcos: [I personally accompanied her and bore witness to the power of Miss Filóre’s Sacrament.]

Felt: [Bore witness, meaning…]

Marcos: [――The wicked flames that dwelt within Duchess Crusch Karsten have entirely lost their vitality, and their influence has vanished.]

Marcos’s report caused Felt’s cheeks to stiffen with emotions she had no answer to.

Crusch had been saved; that was indeed joyous news. Yet Felt could not fully call the fact that she had been saved by the Church of the Divine Dragon joyous news.

However, just as she had prepared herself a moment ago, only those involved could have made that choice.

Miklotov: [――Hmmm, is that so?]

With the wisdom of his years, Miklotov accepted something akin to the complicated emotions Felt had experienced, then assessed Filóre’s state of affairs with a single glance. Filóre raised her head to meet his gaze, and as Miklotov stroked his long beard, he continued with a “Well then,”

Miklotov: [There is much for us to discuss. Of course, there is also the matter of the Sacrament Miss Filóre has provided us proof of, but above all else…]

Filóre: [――? Was there something else?]

Puzzled, Filóre frowned as if she were completely clueless as to what Miklotov had left unspoken.

Aside from that reaction of Filóre’s, Miklotov’s hesitation to put it into words earlier was most likely out of consideration for Felt, who happened to be in attendance.

However――,

Felt: [I don’t need that sort of consideration. ――Reinhard.]

Reinhard: [Of course.]

At Felt’s command, Reinhard gently placed something in her outstretched palm as if he had known to do so.

For a moment, Felt examined the feeling of the object in her hand, and then flicked it with her finger in front of her―― toward Filóre.

Filóre: [Wah, wh-wh-what? What’s this?]

Quickly putting out both her hands, Filóre caught the object flying right at her. She blinked at that sudden action, to which Felt softly snorted.

Then, turning to face everyone there who had gone wide-eyed at that action of Felt’s, making a show of shrugging her shoulders――,

Felt: [This is what everyone here all wanted to see, right?]

Felt pointed with her thumb, and just beyond it stood the figure of Filóre, both hands enveloping that which she had received―― within her hands, the insignia she received shone.

It was undoubtedly proof that she had been chosen as a Dragon Priestess by the Dragon Gem. ――It was the sixth brilliant omen of light that blessed the existence of a Dragon Priestess recognized by the Dragon Gem.

--- Chapter 4: You’re Welcome ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [The invention of a Magic Stone engine, as opposed to a steam engine, couldn’t come sooner.]

Said Subaru, his eyes focused ahead as he sat at the coachman’s seat, reins gripped. Snugly seated atop Subaru’s knees, Beatrice knitted her eyebrows at his words.

Beatrice: […There’s another curiously odd thing you blurted out, in fact. What is a Magic Stone “ engin “, I suppose?]

Subaru: [A technology that isn’t in this world yet. See, if we could use the energy from Magic Stones to create a system close to a steam engine, then maybe we’d be able to make a locomotive.]

Beatrice: [“ Lowkomowtiv “?]

Subaru: [It’s kind of like an iron dragon carriage that doesn’t need a ground dragon, that can keep on running till its supply of Magic Stones run out. It can only travel across places where there’s railway tracks, so it has less liberty, but on the other hand it would make it possible to come and go from places at a substantially good pace wherever there’s rail connectivity. What do you think?]

Beatrice: [No matter what one may think, it seems to be convenient, in fact. That is, if you can close your eyes to the absurdly nonsensical parts, I suppose.]

Subaru tapered his lips in apparent displeasure at Beatrice, her reply failing to conceal her dismay.

He did think it was a fairly considerable idea, but it truly would be quite difficult to transmit the image in his head to those who had not seen the real thing. Above all, in terms of knowledge pertaining to working locomotives, Subaru was nearly just as lacking as Beatrice. If only he had been more informed about the construction of steam engines, he could have said something with more of a sense of reality.

???: [――Dodogyuuun.]

Subaru: [Uh-oh, my bad my bad, Patrasche. I didn’t mean any offense, especially not after you came all the way to the Empire to receive me. It was only a right-person-at-the-right-place kinda talk…]

Patrasche: [――Dodogyuuun!]

Beatrice: [Unfortunately, it seems that won’t suffice to swindle her, in fact. The more you upset Patrasche, the less likely she will be to return, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Now that’s a situation I’d like to avoid no matter what… please don’t be maaad.]

Having failed to share the exact image of a locomotive, he must have transmitted that the role it would perform would intrude upon hers. Scratching his head at the objections of his beloved dragon Patrasche, Subaru adjusted his clutch on the reins once again and narrowed his eyes at the unchanging, unrelenting scenery of sand.

――After shutting down Al’s attempt at the Pleiades Watchtower, Subaru set his course straight for the Royal Capital along with his group, determined to uncover the things he needed to learn no matter what, while carrying the truths that had been brought to light during the loop that had been undone.

The shock of Al’s betrayal was weighty, and in order to digest that as well, the group departed from the Tower with enthusiasm crossing into the realm of bravado―― however, the road to the ever-important Royal Capital was long.

After all, the journey spanned from the eastern edge to the western edge of the Kingdom of Lugunica, a distance crossing across almost the entire Kingdom.

Even borrowing the power of the energetic and exceptional Patrasche, it appeared to take a substantial number of days, so even though on one hand a part of him braced himself, his vexation amplified on the other.

In this agonizing state of mind, even if Subaru could escape into his mind to explore ideas for new means of travel, he would probably concede them as unsalvageable halfway through.

Subaru: [If a locomotive or train did become a practical reality, I wonder how much travel time would be shortened… it should undoubtedly be able to move faster than a ground dragon without rest.]

He did not have the leisure for it now, but once things calmed down, he would consider discussing it with Roswaal or Otto in a more serious caliber.

As a concept, it was similar to the coupled dragon carriages invented in the Empire, but those were based on ground dragons and relied upon the running capacity of each creature, so a Magic Stone-powered device should have a higher level of convenience.

Subaru: [If we could make it happen, I bet it would knock Abel’s socks off. Just imagining him frustratedly asking me to teach him how we did it makes it start to feel more and more worthwhile.]

Beatrice: [If it involves Magic Stones, then Betty may also be able to offer advice, but won’t cooperate if it’s for some worthless objective like getting the better of that Abel, in fact.]

Subaru: [Right. Seeing Abel’s sniveling mug was a worthless motive. Forget it, forget it.]

Erasing away the image of the grimacing mug of Abel that surfaced in his mind with his hand, Subaru set his chin on Beatrice’s temple and let out a short sigh. Beatrice registered the sigh above her head, and the solid sensation at the back of her head―― the black orb hanging from Subaru’s neck.

Beatrice: [Subaru, that forbidden technique――]

Subaru: [It’s something that you brought to light… I’m sorry, but that’s all the explanation I can give.]

Beatrice: [You won’t be reproached or anything, I suppose. What Betty is concerned about is the composition of that magic, and the anomalous precision of its method of target selection… it felt like a glimpse of Mother, in fact.]

Subaru: [Mother… Echidna, huh.]

Beatrice: [I suppose.]

Beatrice nodded as Subaru recalled the Witch of Greed he had encountered in the Sanctuary.

Speaking of her detestable face, in the midst of the Great Disaster of the Vollachian Empire, he had even seen her face-to-face when Sphinx took on her appearance. In light of the depth and expanse of the scars that Witch of Greed had bequeathed, the credence of their exchanges in the Tomb was lost on Subaru by this point.

Moreover, the existence of the Witch of Greed, in contrast to the scars she had left behind all throughout the world, had been far too inordinately meticulously suppressed.

Not fading away due to the passage of time, it would have been more natural to deem it a purposeful erasure from history. ――That raised a question: who was responsible?

Subaru: [It is true that Echidna ended up dying, so it’s not like she did it herself. But, considering she continued perpetrating evil deeds even after death by entering and exiting people’s dreams, that too becomes dubious.]

Beatrice: [At least that should expectably be impossible, in fact. To freely visit people’s dreams even after death should be unfeasible for even Dream Arts Users who are masters of the Dream Method, I suppose.]

Subaru: [D-Dream Arts Users? Dream Method?]

Beatrice: [Magic that uses dreams as intermediary to meddle with the opponent’s mind, in fact. On top of that, it is a kind of forbidden art, and its users were almost entirely eradicated, I suppose.]

Subaru: [That kinda thing’s definitely still out there somewhere! Interfering with the mind? Maybe the users just planted some convenient memory in people’s minds that they had been eradicated and let themselves slip away.]

Beatrice: [Th-that’s way too pessimistic, in fact…! Ahem, anyhow, I suppose. The approach of Mother, whom you and Emilia encountered in the Tomb, may seem to apply the principles of the Dream Method, but strictly speaking, it is something entirely different, so invading the consciousnesses of living beings, like invading dreams should be undoable, in fact.]

Subaru assented to Beatrice’s adorable explanation, her upraised finger waving.

He was unaware of the detailed principles, but the Castle of Dreams that Echidna inhabited exclusively used the special ground known as the Tomb as its nucleus, so it did not stretch to the outside―― or so it seemed.

If that were the case, then the fear of Echidna having done everything by her own power would disappear.

Subaru: [But in that scenario, it’d mean that there would be someone who acceded to Echidna’s will and carried out the concealment, with the most likely candidate being Roswaal…]

Beatrice: [If it is the crime of someone close, there’s no choice but to choke back tears and push him out, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Like I said, we can’t push him out till the Royal Selection ends, and even after the Royal Selection ends I’d like not to, if possible. Also, the one who plays the part of a pretty girl in front of me, Beatrice, actually making some secret moves in the shadows as Echidna’s apostle is a development that’s convention for entertainment, you know?]

Beatrice: [Betty being the final boss is a plotline that’s been discarded long before, in fact. It doesn’t have a fragment of convincingness or cohesiveness, a trashy idea that’s just fishing for shock value, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I think so too, but you’re really tellin’ em…]

She had no intent to entertain even the idea of her becoming Subaru’s enemy even in jest. That too was evidence of the extent to which she cherished Subaru, nothing more.

All that said, assuming it was neither Roswaal nor Beatrice who went around erasing any traces of Echidna, then――,

Subaru: [――The Witch Cult.]

Beatrice: [――――]

Beatrice faintly twitched and halted her breath. This nervous reaction by Beatrice was proof of her internal agreement with Subaru’s muttering.

The Witch of Greed―― no, not confined to information about only Echidna, but all of the Witches affixed with the deadly sins other than the Witch of Envy, were on the verge of having their entire existence erased down to the last traces.

And when the Sin Archbishops had all simultaneously appeared in the Watergate City of Pristella, they had shoved their respective egotistical demands onto the city for things that they wanted in exchange for the lives of the city’s inhabitants. Back then, there were those like Regulus who were simply seeking to fulfill their own desires, but there were also objects of demand in the mix that would have been difficult to imagine as what the individuals personally desired.

Subaru: [On top of that, I’ve also heard from Otto before. No matter what part of the world, if there’s something that’s happened to be found with a connection to the Witch, then the Witch Cult would come to rob it… that sorta thing.]

In reality, the Fortified City of Garkla, which Subaru and the others had visited in Vollachia, was said to have collapsed into annihilation in the wake of that same Regulus’s sizeable rampage. Forced to reminisce about an enemy he did not wish to recall, he felt a deep sense of revulsion.

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [I feel that the destructive rampage at Pristella does support the rumors Otto had spoken about. If that’s the case, then the group’s rampages aren’t just simple terrorism by a cult group, there’s an entirely separate strategy―― and that’s exactly what’s attempting to erase the Witches from this world, isn’t it?]

The Witch Cult espoused the Witch of Envy, and assented to the offer of worship to that being.

Because this cursory information had been spread as common sense, the fact that they sought to erase all traces of Witches other than the Witch of Envy might have been getting concealed.

Subaru: [Not “If you want to hide a tree, put it in a forest”, but if you want to hide a Witch then put it in the Witch of Envy episode , huh…? But, if that’s the case, then the one who created the Witch Cult would be…]

Beatrice: [――It cannot have been… Mother, in fact.]

Following the same train of thought as Subaru’s, Beatrice anticipated this conclusion and negated it.

Lips sealed shut, Beatrice’s visage as she looked onward was out of Subaru’s sight. However, imbued in her words was something far too brittle to be labelled conviction, a feeble orison.

She must have known that rationally, Subaru’s idea did conform to reason.

But what evermore forbade Beatrice from acknowledging it was the truth of the person in question being Beatrice’s creator, and family whom she had spent an invaluable spell of time with.

Subaru understood that to an aching extent, and simultaneously, it became a source of ire toward Echidna.

Subaru: [To make my adorable Beako go through something so gruelling…]

The Witch who had left Beatrice behind for four hundred years in the Forbidden Library, after commanding her to wait for That Person.

That Echidna’s true intent behind her instruction was the desire to know whom Beatrice would choose as That Person, the reason being a fearsomely wicked curiosity, was something Subaru knew. Naturally, he could not possibly reveal that to Beatrice. Nor did he intend to convey it.

To repudiate the emotions with which Beatrice cherished Echidna and then overwrite them with himself was a vulgar, pathetic thought. Beatrice could continue to cherish Echidna; all Subaru had to do was become something greater than that for her.

Subaru: [Beako, I love you .]

Beatrice: [――!? The flow of conversation changed, I suppose!?]

Love and purpose brimming over, Subaru hugged Beatrice tightly from behind. Upon his embrace, Beatrice’s solemn face turned red. This was it, exactly this.

Not to dismiss this discussion with vague undecidedness――,

Subaru: [We won’t find an answer at this time or place. We need to go to the Royal Capital and… wait, this is where the conversation ends up again? Goddammit, can’t wait for the invention of the Magic Stone engine…!]

Clutching the black orb hanging by his breast, Subaru vented in annoyance.

The itinerary was yet long, the set destination of the Royal Capital yet far away――,

And Subaru’s impatience would be dissolved through rather unanticipated means.

That being――,

???: [――Good grief, got tired of waitin’. You’re finally back.]

Awaiting Subaru and the others in the post town of Mirula that they reached after crossing the sand sea was a bald giant with crossed arms as thick as logs―― Rom-jii’s reception, and the surprise they received from it, was where it began.

△▼△▼△▼△

Beatrice: [――It is surprising that there is still a surviving member of the giants, I suppose. I had thought that just about all of them would have already died out in a similar vein to the Oni Clan, in fact.]

Rom: [Unfortunately, never’ve I happened ta meet another giant ‘side from myself. It’s possible that I’m the last of the giants still kickin’ in this world.]

Subaru: [Seriously? Isn’t that way more severe than simply being on a countdown to extinction ? ]

As Beatrice stared up at his huge body, the giant in question, Rom-jii, replied to her. And hearing that, Subaru furrowed his brow at the hopeless situation of the giants.

After all, if the only survivor still remaining was the ultra-elderly Rom-jii, there was no longer any hope for posterity, with extinction an inevitability. If the final survivor of the race had been younger, they might have been able to leave more threads of possibility, but,

Rom: [What, it stands ta reason that a race done servin’ it’s purpose would die out. The giants ‘n the Oni Clan, there’s no further reason ta keep ‘em alive in the world here ta come. It’s up ta the individuals ta live ‘n perish as they please… that’s just how it goes.]

Subaru: [You know, I really don’t like that sorta fatalistic outlook. Though, even if I say all that now, I guess it’s too late to do anything about it.]

Rom: [Those are some laudable things you’re sayin’. Seems like you’ve also gone ‘n learned a bit of prudence.]

As Subaru poked his tongue against the interior of his cheek in frustration, Rom-jii’s own cheeks bent into a smile and he clapped the former on the shoulder with his large palm.

In fact, this was the first time Subaru was getting to properly talk to Rom-jii since the day upon which the start of the Royal Selection was declared, when both of them had taken measures to sneak into the Castle.

He had heard that Rom-jii served as the brain of Felt’s operation, but only upon exchanging a few words with him here after a long while did it finally begin to sink in.

Subaru: [Looking back on it, before even Beako, Rom-jii and Felt were some of the first people I met in this world, so it’s somewhat deeply emotional… Though going deeper on that line of thought, I met that unc at the fruit stand before ever meeting Emilia-tan, which is a bit…]

To begin with, if he was going to start talking about the pace of his encounters, he would also have to include Tonchinkan, causing his head to act up.

Either way, sharing a reunion with an old acquaintance was something of great joy to Subaru. All the more when it came to somebody whom he had gotten to know on the very first day of his summoning to another world.

Hence――,

Subaru: [――You’re one of those people too, Reinhard.]

???: [Thank goodness. Your conversation with Rom-jii was so lively, I thought that I had been completely forgotten about.]

Subaru: [Being forgotten? You of all people? You ever experienced that sorta thing?]

Reinhard had such a sense of presence that even if his Name were to be devoured by the Authority of Gluttony, it seemed like it would be impossible to forget him. And in all likelihood, he would never find himself in the situation of having his Name eaten to begin with.

As Subaru pointed that out, Reinhard gave a wry smile as he shrugged his shoulders,

Reinhard: [Fortunately, I have not had the opportunity as of yet. And so, it is not as though I feel no burden. After all, my own actions can never be undone.]

As he spoke, Reinhard’s eyes glanced behind Subaru―― towards Garfiel, standing there with an imposing air about him.

Off to the side from their reunion, Garfiel was silently casting his sharp, emerald-green eyes towards Reinhard. Basking in his gaze, Reinhard softly narrowed his own blue eyes, and,

Reinhard: [You have gotten quite a bit stronger since the last time we met. In such a short time at that, it is an incredible feat.]

Garfiel: [Tch, you’re sayin’ that so lightly. Even tho’ for me, it was a matter of levelin’ up after bein’ thrust to the brink of dyin’ countless times, the depth of yer strength keeps gettin’ more ‘n more unfathomable.]

Reinhard: [I wonder, are you not going to challenge me like you did in Pristella anymore?]

Garfiel: [Even if I tried now, there’d be no winnin’. Besides, if my amazin’ self went ‘n lost against ya on my own, that classification’d just end up causin’ trouble for Emilia-sama.]

Turning away as he clicked his tongue, Garfiel firmly held back his own combative spirit.

He was not overthinking it. In reality, since her Knight’s strength was of no match, the one who would be compared to Reinhard was the military officer of the Emilia Camp, Garfiel. If it became known that Garfiel was defeated in a head-on fight against Reinhard, even if that classification was already fully understood by society, it was entirely possible that the Camp would gain an impression of lacking strength.

Thus, Garfiel had considered all of that by himself, and held back.

Subaru: [Garfiel… you’ve grown up so much…!]

Garfiel: [Ahh!? Th’ fuck, Captain, don’t pat my head! I just said some pathetic shit ‘bout how I can’t win right now! There ain’t no reason to be praisin’ me!]

Subaru: [There is, there is, there is, there is, one thousand percent yes there is. Oi, everyone, let’s all praise Garfiel!]

Garfiel: [R-roar!]

As Garfiel’s face shyly flushed red in embarrassment, he was surrounded by Subaru, Beatrice, Petra, and Meili as they commended him “Good, good”.

It was a reverse pattern to when they had comforted Subaru in the Pleiades Watchtower just a short while ago.

And after they finished thoroughly doting on Garfiel in such a manner――,

Petra: [――So then, what business might two members belonging to Felt-sama’s Camp have with us?]

Indeed, the one to properly broach the matter at hand, was the most reliable member of their group, Petra.

With her hands on her hips, Petra’s small form was eager to play the negotiator of the Camp, giving Subaru an unanticipated sense of reliability, and filling his heart with ardent emotion.

Unexpectedly, he felt as if he sensed a glimpse of the loop that had been lost, in which she had endeavored to an unknowable extent in order to take back Subaru in the battle against Al.

Beatrice: [Wh-what’s with that heartrending expression, in fact, Subaru?]

Subaru: [It’s nothing, I’m just easily moved to tears lately. Beako, could you give me a hug ?]

Beatrice: [Th-there’s no helping it, I suppose, you require much attention, in fact.]

With a reluctant face, Beatrice switched from holding Subaru’s hand to a stance of clinging to his waist. With that, Subaru refocused on the conversation playing out before his eyes.

The reason why Reinhard and Rom had come all the way out here to wait for Subaru and the others――,

Reinhard: [Of course, we came to pick you up. ――There are urgent circumstances transpiring in the Royal Capital. Emilia-sama was feeling rather uneasy, so Felt-sama ordered that I come here.]

Petra: [Emilia-neesama? But then why would Felt-sama…]

Reinhard: [The two of them became friends. And so, she said she would lend a hand to help her friend out.]

Meili: [O~h my, Felt-chan was played by Emilia-oneesan, wa~sn’t she now. I know the fee~ling. I might also be able to get along with Felt-cha~n.]

Hearing Reinhard’s reply to Petra’s suspicion, Meili smiled mischievously. But, from the way she spoke, it was an admission that she too had been moved by Emilia’s kindness, but it was unclear if Meili herself was aware of that. Subaru kept his mouth shut.

Moreover, Subaru was also surprised. Of course, he did not have any impression that Emilia and Felt had a poor relationship, but to think that Felt would take action for the sake of Emilia.

Subaru: [It would’ve been unimaginable back when she had first stolen her insignia…]

Rom: [I’ll tell ya this now, young’un, but spillin’ that story ta the public’d be a real trouble. If y’all were ta go spreadin’ that poor reputation, we’d also be forced ta make some plays.]

Subaru: [It’d be one thing if I had no memory of it, but that would just be suffering the consequences of my actions… though, you guys wouldn’t be the only ones in trouble if the details of that incident were to come to light…]

As Rom-jii gave that warning just as a precaution, Subaru shrugged his shoulders.

The disruption of the insignia robbery in the Royal Capital was actually linked to the schemes of Roswaal who commissioned Elsa behind the scenes. Furthermore, Elsa was also entangled with Meili, so all those things falling under greater scrutiny would be more of a pain for the Emilia Camp.

To begin with, it was unthinkable that Emilia would bring up the fact that Felt had stolen her insignia at this stage. All the more if they had become friends.

Subaru: [If anything, there’s also a chance that Emilia-tan has forgotten the fact that Felt previously stole her insignia… though I doubt she would’ve, right?]

Reinhard: [From my perspective, Emilia-sama has overcome that past to seek friendship with Felt-sama. That is what I believe.]

Subaru: [Right. I also prefer Emilia-tan that way. But…]

The problem was the fact that Emilia had been driven into a situation of feeling uneasy.

As he thought about just what might have happened in the Royal Capital, Subaru suddenly realized that the cause of Emilia’s current feelings might lie within himself.

That maybe, it was the effect of the “report” he had entrusted to Flam before departing the Pleiades Watchtower――,

Reinhard: [No, I have also heard about Priscilla-sama, and the matter concerning Al-dono. It had caused Emilia-sama great heartache, but it was rather you all that she was worried about, Subaru. Hence, that was not the immediate cause.]

Subaru: [Is that, so? That’s a reli… well it isn’t a relief, but I understand. But, if it’s not that, then what else happened?]

Rom: [――Circumstances that’re shakin’ the very bedrock of the Royal Selection, one could say.]

Everyone: [――!]

Hearing Rom-jii’s grave tone, Subaru and the others all shifted their expressions.

Circumstances that shook the foundation of the Royal Selection: to hear of such a thing was a great emergency, and the fact that Reinhard did not deny it, was proof that there was no mistake in that perception.

It was unclear whether that was because of the dropping out of a Royal Candidate as the result of Priscilla’s death, or whether there was some other factor at play, but――,

Reinhard: [Concerning this issue, it is necessary for all Camps to come together to discuss. Hence, I went to pick up Rom-dono who was residing in our domain, and from there came here to pick up all of you, Subaru.]

Subaru: [Then, you must be wanting to go reconvene with Felt back in the Royal Capital as soon as possible…]

Reinhard: [Rachins and the others are also in the Royal Capital. In this situation, it was more pertinent for me to follow Felt-sama’s orders. In truth, I had wished to go pick you up at the Tower, but I wished to avoid heading into the Augria Sand Dunes without Meili’s abilities, and risk passing you by.]

Rom: [‘N so, we decided ta wait for y’all’s arrival in this town.]

And hearing Rom-jii bring it to a finish, the questions that had arisen within Subaru’s mind were settled.

Under such circumstances, Reinhard and Rom-jii were waiting for the arrival of Subaru and the others in Mirula. While he was grateful for that, he also grew frightened of what sort of issue had driven them to go to such lengths.

However――,

Subaru: [I can’t afford not to ask, but time is of the essence. Let’s talk as we move.]

Reinhard: [Indeed, let us do so. There are also many things I wish to ask you, Subaru. After we parted in Pristella, the events that transpired in the Empire, to the extent of what you can say.]

Subaru: [There isn’t really anything I can’t tell you about. I’ll spill it all. I’ve also got plenty of things I wanna ask the guy with as huge a reputation as the Sword Saint.]

Reinhard: [――. So long as they are things I can answer, then by all means.]

Nodding to each other, a consensus was reached between Subaru and Reinhard.

For Subaru, who had yearned for a non-existent locomotive due to how tantalizing transportation felt, being able to borrow Reinhard’s power here was no mere lifeboat; it was nothing short of the Millenium Falcon itself.

And then, before they reembarked for the Royal Capital――,

Subaru: [Oh yeah, Reinhard.]

Reinhard: [Hm? What is it?]

Subaru: [I think you probably won’t understand what I mean, but hear me out. ――Thank you.]

At Subaru’s words of gratitude, as had been prefaced, Reinhard seemingly did not understand what he meant, and raised his eyebrows in surprise. And while Subaru’s lips curved into a smile at the fact that he had taken the Sword Saint by surprise,

Subaru: [I don’t really know all the details either, but I’m at least convinced that you had to go through extreme toil. So, thank you .]

Reinhard: [Nothing really comes to mind, so I wonder how I should respond.]

Subaru: [In that case, you can just say you’re welcome .]

Reinhard: [Understood. ―― You’re welcome .]

Subaru: [That pronunciation’s way too good.]

As Reinhard responded so to such unexpected gratitude, Subaru thanked him again and pat Beatrice on the head as she clung to his waist before commencing the preparations for their trip.

Since Reinhard would be hastening them in one go across a distance that would normally take several days, it would likely be some absolutely outrageous transport method. He had to brace his heart.

Reinhard: [――――]

As he proceeded with preparations to depart with his allies, Subaru did not notice that watching over his back, as if to evaluate him, were Reinhard’s two eyes, hand placed over the hilt of the sword at his waist.

--- Chapter 5: The Details of a Detour ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Machine-Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese-English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――During the time Reinhard served as their method of transport, Subaru’s mental preparedness had been doubly ineffective.

Reinhard: [It may feel a bit uncomfortable, but you should get used to it soon.]

And, with this preface from Reinhard, he suddenly hoisted up the dragon carriage that Subaru’s group was riding along with Patrasche, swiftly running into the sky―― no, launching himself into it.

Subaru: [Ababababababa…!]

The scenery outside the windows rapidly passing by, and the inside of the dragon carriage which, like a visual bug, felt almost completely still in spite of that, made Subaru and Beatrice embrace each other as they shook.

Theoretically, this was not hard to understand. In short, it was the same as when a ground dragon applied its Divine Protection of Wind Evasion. The problem was that the one responsible for this display was Reinhard, a human who ran at a speed so ridiculous that it defied common sense.

???: [I’ve already been through this o~nce. Hopefully you guys all savor it too~.]

???: [S-still, is it really possible to get used to this?]

Quietly, Meili sat with her chin resting on her knees. With Petra fearfully clinging onto the cloak of the girl already experienced in this, Meili chuckled with a “fufu~,”

Meili: [I didn’t know Petra-chan could even get sca~red, how surprisi~ng.]

Petra: [Rather than being scared, I’d say it’s more about being shocked by the occurrence of something unimaginable. The Sword Saint-sama is a lot crazier than I’d heard.]

???: […True, haven’t heard of the previous Sword Saints bein’ this outlandish. Guess ya could say Reinhard’s special.]

Near the end of the conversation with Meili, seeing that Petra cued him to weigh in, Rom-jii replied while rubbing his head.

Even Rom-jii, whose body was crammed into the narrow seats of the dragon carriage, seemed unfamiliar with this running style of Reinhard’s, as he placed a hand on the wall for peace of mind.

Seemingly, this method of transport was not usually employed by the Felt Camp. However, this was also something that could have been considered a staggering advantage.

Rom: [If we got around this way outside of emergencies, we’d lose popularity for usin’ the power of the Sword Saint in vain. Ta some extent, a wanin’ of the Sword Saint’s influence is a problem for the Kingdom… if we’re careless, then forget leavin’ the country, this way of travellin’ might get banned too.]

Subaru: [Right, that joke of a Reinhard Law…]

To Rom-jii’s curled lips, Subaru spoke on the absurdity of a parallel world’s international laws.

As implied by its name, the Reinhard Law concerned only the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, the purpose of which was to decisively forbid him from leaving the Kingdom of Lugunica. When spoken about, it seemed like a joke, but in reality, when one realized just how out of the ordinary he was, it was hard to frame as overdoing it.

Although――,

Subaru: [I mean, Reinhard’s power is absurd, almost stupidly so, but I just wish the other nations would see that he doesn’t have the personality to cause needless harm.]

Rom: [Hoh, even though you’re from another camp, ya seem ta value Reinhard pretty highly, no?]

Subaru: [We’re friends after all, and when everyone’s on a trip outside the country, it’s sad being the only one left at home. Something like a trip to Vollachia… nah, there’s nothing fun in Vollachia. Flop-san and Medium-san should use their influence to build at least one amusement park.]

Hopefully, by either sneaking around Abel’s gaze, or winning him over, they could somehow squander some of the Empire’s money on entertainment; he hoped that they could make a big amusement park.

Beatrice: [Garfiel, what are you looking at, I suppose?]

Garfiel: [Nuthin’, was just thinkin’ that if my amazin’ self could do somethin’ like this, I could make stuff way easier for the Captain ‘n the rest of ya. Like how “Gibnevra’s suited for different jobs,” it feels like my amazin’ self wouldn’t be able to do it no matter what.]

While Subaru was imagining his construction plans for Vollachia Land, Beatrice struck up a conversation with Garfiel, who expressed his vexation by the gnashing of his fangs.

Certainly, he could do something similar to Reinhard with pure brute strength, but without a functioning Divine Protection of Wind Evasion, the comfort level of the trip would have been hellish. In the first place, treating his sworn little brother like a work horse, even in an emergency, would have made Subaru feel bad.

Subaru: [Ah, so that’s why we haven’t put Reinhard’s running style to use. This gives a bad feeling for sure.]

Reinhard: [I am happy you understand. I would also feel awkward about this if it were not an emergency.]

Subaru: [You’ve joined the conversation like it’s perfectly natural…]

As if it were natural, Reinhard’s voice rang out; it was the effect of his Divine Protection of Telepathy, which Subaru had once experienced in Pristella.

Apparently, people aside from Subaru were hearing his voice this time, so Petra and the others were unable to conceal their surprise at Reinhard’s voice suddenly resounding in their brains. Though, Meili seemed to have gained a tolerance for the Divine Protection of Telepathy, and so continued to look smug.

At any rate――,

Subaru: [For now, my surprise at Reinhard’s running style has dissipated, but I still have to process the other shocking revelation. Is it true? ――About the entry of this Filóre girl?]

Reinhard: [Yes, there is no falsehood in that fact.]

Though he could not see it with his eyes, Subaru could practically feel Reinhard’s nod of affirmation, was shocked by the truth that had been revealed, and once again took a deep breath, then swallowed.

While Subaru and the others had been in the Pleiades Watchtower, there had been an astonishing development in the Royal Capital―― the Church of the Divine Dragon had made contact, and a woman who could make the insignia glow, known as Filóre, had made her entrance on the stage.

The organization that, up until now, had been keeping a low profile had come forward with a fact that could not be ignored in the Royal Selection. Naturally, as the Knight of the Royal Candidate Emilia, Subaru was greatly troubled.

However――,

Subaru: [――That Crusch-san was saved is great news.]

The great tremor that ran through the Royal Selection was an incident that he could not escape hearing about, but among the topics that had been brought to his ears, the one that mattered most to Subaru was the recovery of Crusch.

In Pristella, within the Sin Archbishop of Lust’s malignant clutches, Crusch’s body had been burdened with a curse that brought incurable pain. For a long time, he had deeply lamented that he had not been able to protect Crusch while fighting on the same battlefield as her; a persistent thorn in his side.

Subaru: [Seriously, if I could’ve taken all that stuff off Crusch’s shoulders, then I would’ve been happy to do so even if my entire body turned completely black.]

Lust’s blood had been poured into her, and Crusch had been saddled with a blight too terrible to even cast a glance at. Having been baptized in that same woman’s blood, however, Subaru suffered a very different amount of damage than Crusch.

Of course, the effects were felt over the entire body, but unlike Crusch, who continued to suffer in pain, the worst he experienced was his arm and leg being covered in what could only have been considered a creepy, deformed tattoo. That, and the fact it was completely gone after that time his arm was blown off, in addition to the feeling of surprise he felt whenever he remembered the effect on his leg when he was on the toilet or in the bath.

Somehow, Subaru was able to alleviate Crusch’s suffering in exchange for his own suffering. So, saving Crusch that way had been one possibility――,

Subaru: [Crusch-san… didn’t agree to that.]

After the battle in Pristella, ever since she refused his proposal to take on her curse, stating that she could not burden Subaru further as he would soon be travelling to the Pleiades Watchtower, her physical condition had always been at the back of his mind.

That she was healed was undoubtedly good news as far as Subaru was concerned.

However――,

Rom: [What’s hard ta stomach is that the very people it matters to the most can’t just celebrate her recovery.]

As Rom-jii’s grave words indicated, Crusch’s recovery―― that it was carried out at the hands of the Church of the Divine Dragon, would have been a great regret for her and her companions.

Subaru understood that much. And because he understood, he could not say anything recklessly. It would have been frivolous to say something like “Even if it came at the cost of a major disadvantage in the Royal Selection, what matters most is that she is still alive.”

Subaru: [But now this Filóre person has appeared, and she was able to prove her qualification as a Priestess by making the insignia glow. That can’t be good, right?]

Meili: [That’s ri~ght. Even though the number of Royal Candidates finally dropped by one and a spot opened up, the fact that it was immediately filled will set us right back to the beginni~ng.]

Petra: […Meili-chan, if you don’t pick your words properly, then I’ll also get angry. It’s for that reason we went to the Tower in the first place.]

Meili: [Well, the helmet guy messed all that up… Ahh, don’t get angry. Yeah yea~h, I’m so~rry.]

Remembering her role as a little devil, Meili voiced her insensitive jokes, giving an insincere apology to the scathing gaze of Petra. After a small sigh at Meili’s behavior, Petra continued with an “Anyways,”

Petra: [Meili-chan’s cheeky tongue aside… what’s concerning isn’t the issue of the open spot. It’s just, this Filóre lady has golden hair and crimson eyes, right?]

Subaru: [That’s… what they’re saying. It’s…]

Petra: [――Those are the characteristics of the Lugunican Royal Family, aren’t they? Also, I’m sure that was the name of the princess who was kidnapped fifteen years ago.]

Rom: [――Filóre.]

With a finger on her lips, Petra stated what knowledge she had. After Petra finished speaking, in the pause for the crucial word that was born, a different person took over. ――Rom-jii.

Rom-jii attracted the gazes of everyone in the carriage; however, he dropped his gaze to his knees,

Rom: [Fifteen years ago, the Crown Prince’s daughter who disappeared was called Filóre. That’s the same name as the nun from the Church of the Divine Dragon currently in the Castle.]

Beatrice: [And, they are saying that this nun made the insignia glow in front of everyone in the Castle, in fact. If that’s true, then it makes sense that the trouble it creates could shake the Royal Selection, I suppose.]

It was a truth which sent deep tremors throughout the Lugunican Royal Castle; after sharing the context for such an event, the dragon carriage was enveloped in a quiet air.

However, Subaru remained firm in continuing to not read the room and asserted himself with a “Listen.”

Subaru: [I’m not really convinced by all that.]

Reinhard: [――What do you mean by “convinced”?]

Subaru: [I’m finally starting to get used to talking with your voice in my head, but anyways, this is what everyone is concerned about, right? This person named Filóre from the Church of the Divine Dragon, she could possibly be the lost Lugunican royal. The fact that the insignia shone seemed like proof of that royalty.]

Petra: [Yeah, that’s right. You aren’t convinced by that?]

Subaru: [Nah, after all, wasn’t it the same for Felt?]

Unfortunately, even though it followed his mortifying memories of the day the Royal Selection commenced, Subaru had not heard Felt’s declaration of her beliefs. Before that, he had been expelled from the throne room for his great blunder.

However, even though he had not been present, everything that happened there and what Felt had said were all shared with him later.

Originally, the existence of a fifteen-year-old royal being revealed in that place should have caused questions to surface.

Subaru: [So, the same was the case with Felt. Well, in my opinion, the existence of a princess who was secretly taken away and grew up among the common people in the streets is a more exciting twist, so I’d like it if it ends up as Felt being the royal.]

Rom: [Hm, I see. ――But, if it’s as ya imagine ‘n Felt is the Kingdom of Lugunica’s princess, then the Royal Selection will be settled with her win. Are ya okay with that?]

Subaru: [Eh?]

Toward Rom-jii’s single closed eye, Subaru’s gaze widened.

He thought it might have been a bad joke, but it was not taken back. Further, other than Subaru, everyone seemed to agree with Rom-jii’s thoughts.

Unexpectedly, he was in the minority―― no, having become entirely isolated, Subaru became upset.

Subaru: [No no no, why?]

Garfiel: [‘Course it’s like that, what do ya mean “Why?”. In the first place, the reason we’re doin’ this Royal Selection is ’cause of the Royal Family dyin’ out, right? But, if that ends up not bein’ true, then shouldn’t the only survivin’ royal become King?]

Subaru: [I-it’s a hereditary thing?]

Reinhard: [I wish you would choose your words more tactfully, but that is what is being said.]

The two martial artists of the group, Garfiel and Reinhard, rebuked him, and Subaru realized the difference in perception between him and the people of this world as he let out a sigh.

For Natsuki Subaru, who was born and raised in Japan, the representative of a country was decided not by lineage, but was naturally elected based on other criteria. The circumstances of the Royal Selection were another factor that influenced him, as it was similar to the system of elections that Subaru was familiar with.

Instead, for the people of this other world, the prince would have naturally been next in line after the present King, and the child of that prince-made-King would come after him.

So, if Felt was confirmed to be a royal, then the natural progression was that Felt would have been next in line to the throne and the Royal Selection would lose its very purpose――.

Subaru: [So that means it would’ve been really bad if Felt was confirmed as royalty!]

Rom: [Since it stopped at the point of bein’ just a suspicion, the Royal Selection was given the go-ahead. With that said, can ya still diligently serve as the young lady’s Knight while holdin’ your head high?]

Subaru: [Stop! I was just a little unfamiliar with common sense here! We have Beako, Petra, and Garfiel who are all growing up to be smart kids!]

Beatrice: [Allow yourself to be corrected, the pretty and charming Betty is the most grown up one here, in fact.]

Embraced on Subaru’s lap, Beatrice puffed out her chest. As he watched Subaru pat her head, Rom-jii patted his own head with a staggered look on his face.

He understood, it had certainly just been a discrepancy in perception, and he had shown some shameful behavior. However, in spite of that, Subaru’s doubts were still not cleared.

Subaru: [I stumbled a little, but my doubts are still unresolved. In the case that their royalty is confirmed, I understand that the Royal Selection would become meaningless, but ultimately, there will be the same doubts as to whether Filóre-chan-san is the real deal, just as there was for Felt. And if that’s the case…]

Reinhard: [――Whichever one is true royalty must be verified.]

Subaru: [――――]

Perhaps those words were intended to have been as devoid of emotion as possible. Because of that, what Reinhard left unspoken cut as sharp as a blade.

Subaru exhaled, letting the meaning of those words seep into his brain. ――Felt and Filóre; it needed to be verified which one was real.

Rom: [There’re only suspicions with no conclusive evidence, but the Royal Selection’s still continued up ’till now. But, since two Candidates have appeared who may be part of the Royal Family, then naturally, they can’t be left as-is. As for those who are holdin’ malicious intent, I’m also afraid of the possibility that they might’ve infiltrated the Royal Selection.]

Subaru: [Malicious intent… whichever one ends up being true royalty doesn’t automatically mean that the other one is evil. Maybe they just coincidentally had golden hair and crimson eyes…]

Beatrice: [It can’t have been a coincidence, those are traits unique to the Royal Family, I suppose.]

Subaru: [But! Didn’t the insignia shine for both of them!?]

As both Rom-jii and Beatrice gave logical explanations, Subaru grew fervid. He was only able to argue from an emotional point of view.

In the first place, Subaru could not explain why he became so passionate.

Simply, if meeting Reinhard and Rom-jii when he was first summoned factored into his fondness for them, then the same was true for Felt. As for Felt’s current position and efforts, he did not want them to be for nothing just because she was not of the Royal Family.

Furthermore, this Filóre that he had not even met yet was being made out as a bad person, and he did not want to accuse her of being a schemer and blindly curse her.

Above all――,

Subaru: [If they really wanted a member of the Royal Family to take over so badly, then when Felt appeared, regardless of the circumstances behind the Royal Selection or the Royal Family, why didn’t they do a DNA test or something to check? By starting the Royal Selection without doing that, Emilia, and so many others…]

Beatrice: [Subaru…]

As Subaru bit his lip and suppressed his voice, Beatrice, who sat on his lap, grew anxious. At the feeling of a hand gently holding onto his, Subaru tightly closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. Nevertheless, the violent emotions in his beating heart refused to calm down.

Emilia, Felt, Crusch, Anastasia, and Priscilla; they had all put their beliefs, and even lives on the line in order to compete in the Royal Selection.

That an unexpected interruption would butt in was an unacceptable twisting of the premises.

Subaru: [If that happens…]

Beatrice: [If that happens, what will you do, in fact?]

Subaru: [With Reinhard’s help, maybe we could make an appeal for the Royal Selection to go on, or something…]

Reinhard: [I see.]

Rom: [No, ya don’t see! Don’t go ‘round sayin’ such terrible things! You as well, impulsively rilin’ up the Sword Saint, what would ya do if he actually followed through with that!?]

Garfiel: [If that happens, then my amazin’ self will also jump on board!]

Petra: [Garf-san, things are getting complicated now, so could you calm down? Please?]

Subaru’s bitter words as he was at a loss on what to do were met with vehement opposition by Rom-jii and Petra. A battle of protest between being active and remaining passive burst forth, as Petra glared at Garfiel, who withered away with a “Gawr…”.

But, by no means was it all entirely a joke. ――No, Subaru was actually quite serious. If he had that level of resolve, then he would show his spirit as a Knight to the Royal Candidate he was dedicated to.

Subaru: [There’s so much to do when we get to the Royal Capital…! Geez, I feel like I’ve just been restlessly moving around for the past six months now…]

Beatrice: [That is nothing, I suppose. Betty feels like she’s been moving nonstop for eleven and a half years now, in fact.]

Subaru: [Don’t say weird stuff like that, it’s messing with my head…]

Subaru’s banter was met by even more outrageous banter from Beatrice. Horrified by her words, Subaru lamented the scale and number of problems waiting for them at the Royal Capital.

He was worried about Emilia, who had personally encountered the cause for their concerns firsthand, and he wanted to visit Crusch, whose body had recovered. He had to pay his respects to this Filóre and personally interrogate the traumatized higher-ups about the status of the Royal Selection. Then there was the matter of the Al-orb that hung around his neck; he needed to investigate the various reasons that led to his sudden outburst.

But, for the time being, what needed to be dealt with――,

Reinhard: [Subaru, we’re arriving.]

Subaru: [Seriously, that was crazy. Sorry for making you take the scenic route.]

As he was shifting his focus, Reinhard’s report came in with great timing.

As one would have imagined from the scenery passing by at high speeds, he had been moving extraordinarily fast. Cecilus moved faster if one were purely speaking in terms of speed, but unfortunately, he most likely did not possess the strength to carry a dragon carriage, so it seemed that the Cecilus running style would not bear any fruit.

If it was just one person, then maybe he could imitate it by carrying them on his back―― while he was thinking such, he was taken aback as the reality of the scenery outside the window had truly set in.

With the high-speed run coming to a halt, the dragon carriage slowly lowered to the ground. That was to say, they had arrived at their destination. And as if to prove it――,

???: [――What… in the world is this!?]

Subaru: [――――]

Suddenly, the moment he heard that voice, Subaru quickly rose to his feet and jumped out of the dragon carriage whilst carrying a surprised Beatrice, who let out a “Nkyaa!”

Before him was Reinhard, who had run whilst carrying the dragon carriage without breaking a sweat, and Patrasche who appeared full of tension after being carried by said Reinhard.

With the ridiculous appearance of the dragon carriage in her eyes, standing in front of the door of the nostalgic Roswaal manor was a blue-haired――,

Subaru: [Uh!]

Beatrice: [Subaru!? Wh-wh-wh-what’s wrong, I suppose!?]

Without thinking, Subaru knelt down and clutched his chest, bringing down a shocked Beatrice with him. In a panicked flurry, Beatrice whacked his head and shoulders while she was at his mercy, but Subaru’s heart cried out at the wonderful sight before him.

Because, standing in front of the Roswaal manor, greeting Subaru and the others was――,

Subaru: [That oh-so-familiar look of yours, I just realized how precious it truly was…]

???: […That’s just how you are, no matter when or where we meet, huh?]

Saying this, with an elegant face, simultaneously disgusted and relieved, and in a maid uniform―― indeed, Rem, in a maid uniform, sighed.

△▼△▼△▼△

Capitalizing upon Reinhard’s travel method, Subaru had requested to drop by the Roswaal manor in the midst of their journey to the Royal Capital.

The purpose went without saying: to have Rem present when reacquiring the Memories from the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, which was one of the reasons why they were en route for the Royal Capital.

Subaru: [I don’t expect the discussion with Gluttony to go so harmoniously, but that Al must’ve drawn it out one way or another. Then there’s no reason to think that we can’t do it. On top of that, I’ve already missed the scene of Ram and Rem’s reunion. If I let the return of Rem’s Memories slide this time, then I’ll be beyond recovery…!]

To this powerful beseechment of Subaru’s akin to shedding tears of blood, Reinhard awarded his approval with not a second of displeasure hinting on his face, despite surely wanting to return to Felt as quickly as possible.

There was nothing to say but that he was truly a good friend. Subaru would also like to take up any request coming from Reinhard, but it was certainly dubious whether he would readily nod in assent to a request of taking a roundabout detour of hundreds of kilometers with a dragon carriage on his shoulders.

However, Reinhard had in reality just pulled that off.

Furthermore, that was not all that Reinhard had taken upon himself――,

Subaru: [――Sorry for making you come along for all this.]

Reinhard: [No, I don’t mind. Moreover, even though it escapes my realization, I have also sustained the devastation begotten by the Authority of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony. I was made to forget one friend, at the very least.]

Subaru: [Ah… Which reminds me, he apparently said that he’d turn being forgotten around into a good opportunity to challenge you, Reinhard. He can win now that you don’t know the skills up his sleeve, kinda thing.]

Reinhard: [That is… something to look forward to, in all honesty.]

His brows slightly upraised, Reinhard then smiled in true delight as Subaru watched with a sideward gaze, internally apologizing to Julius for having started a fire by saying things that were unnecessary.

Perhaps, he may have just crushed the possibility of winning that might have existed. But, he could also envisage the possibility of Julius finding it unfair that he would be the only one who had knowledge of skills up the opponent’s sleeve, and rather progressively reveal his hand. So, any apology besides internally was deferred.

――To make such piddling thoughts rush, was how heavy the atmosphere of this place was.

Subaru: […As you’d expect, the Prison Tower lives up to its name.]

A strangely chilly sweat began to trickle down Subaru’s forehead as he murmured.

He was not panicking, nor had he come running. Yet, the perspiring and dripping icy sweat was Subaru’s body responding with rejection to this space.

In the uppermost strata of the Royal Capital of Lugunica, this stone spire constructed in the vicinity of the Royal Castle functioned as a prison where the premier criminals of the Kingdom were incarcerated. Naturally, in order to ensure none of the captives could easily meet with anyone, all isolation cells were sealed shut with an iron door.

It was not in the style of jails one would see in manga where prisoners would be behind steel bars; as Subaru stepped inside, he tasted a 7:3 ratio of relief and evasion.

Subaru: [The folks over at the Gladiator Island were criminals just like criminals would be, but they were more clear-cut scoundrels…]

It would not be an apt portrayal of the characteristics of the nation, but the crimes committed by Hiain, Weitz, Idra, or the others who had been his comrades on the Gladiator Island Ginunhive were based upon violence without malice. There were occasionally those in the mix who had been thrown into slavery without pardon or mercy like Hiain, but even those who were deemed to be so-called serious offenders were only differentiated by the extent of their violence, minor or major.

On the other hand, the aura of the Prison Tower that incarcerated the criminals of Lugunica had a malodor of blood that Subaru could trace on his skin, entirely unlike the Gladiator Island with which he was familiar.

Subaru: [Does this place have a high proportion of captured Witch Cultists, after all?]

Reinhard: [That’s right. Based on the fact that a principally large number of their activities happen in Lugunica, that summation is correct. In fact, Wrath is also imprisoned in the underground of this place.]

Subaru: [The underground… I hope Gluttony is kept at a good distance apart.]

Reinhard: [You can be doubly as sure. There’s also the difference in the circumstances of their capture, but none can heedlessly come close to Wrath. Including the other prisoners as well, you see.]

The Authority of the Sin Archbishop of Wrath, Sirius Romanée-Conti, was something like mind contamination through engulfment in her words or moods, crescively infecting the atmosphere. Considering its influence, it would be impossible to say her hazardousness had been ridden of, even after forbidding her movement.

In fact, it seemed as though part of the repugnant presence wafting inside this Prison Tower was conceivably coming from the Sin Archbishop of Wrath.

Subaru: [I’ve got a physiological revulsion inside me, but before long, I may need to speak with her as well.]

Reinhard: [When that happens, do reach out to me. I will accompany you the same way as this time.]

Subaru: [That’s reassuring. Counting on you, for real.]

Oh, such reassurance from Reinhard as he knocked his chest and bore it upon himself. However, Sirius’s Authority was also something that might invert the results of Reinhard’s strength. Careful handling was requisite.

Anyhow, she was not the reason for Subaru and company’s call onto the Prison Tower. Unfortunately, Sirius shall feast on the chilling air of the underground for now.

In lieu――,

???: [――This way.]

So said the Prison Tower guard who was leading their way, as he pointed to one of the doors. A man with potent nervousness and professionalism reflected upon his face in equal part, to whom Subaru nodded before locking his eyes onto the door.

A door depressing to even look at, transmitting a sensation of brumal gloom. ――Beyond this door lay the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, imprisoned.

Subaru: [Even so, he’s in a state identical to the Al-orb, so it’s dubious whether he himself is conscious of the situation or not.]

Shedding light on his own experience of when he had been sealed within the black orb, all he felt was an indescribable sensation akin to being submersed in lukewarm water, unable to move.

In an environs where even maintaining a clear consciousness was insoluble, Beatrice’s diligent constitution and industrious gallantry in elucidating the forbidden technique’s construct for Subaru was something for which he wished to confer onto her the Annual Subaru Award, but it seemed as though the list of nominees alone would fill his hands, so he would rather keep deliberating his deliberations.

Beatrice: [Subaru? Why are you squeezing Betty’s cheeks, I suppose?]

Subaru: [Well, I can’t give you the Annual Subaru Award right away, so I thought I’d give you an expression of affection instead…]

Beatrice: [After this business is finished, you can do as you like, so focus on what is in front of your eyes right now, in fact.]

His forlorn skinship pierced through, Subaru tapered his lips at Beatrice’s sober reprimand, and with a “That’s right”, swallowed his breath.

Beatrice at the front gate, Reinhard at the rear gate―― that was the best formation Subaru had come up with for paying Gluttony a visit at the Prison Tower. Truthfully, he would have liked to have the affiliated Rem also stationed in presence here, but he did not consider it feasible in any fashion until the first attempt at discussion had gone over well.

His assumption was that persuading, or coercing, Gluttony would require a tenacious attempt.

Subaru: [After all, he’s been fastened with Yin Magic, so Beako is especially indispensable.]

Beatrice: [You can entrust it to Betty, I suppose. And, if upon being unfastened the opponent immediately gets frenzied, Sword Saint, you will have to clobber him down, in fact.]

Reinhard: [Yes, I accept. I will not let him lay a finger on you or Subaru. Please rest assured.]

Subaru: [That does assure me a lot, for real. And with that…]

Setting his hopes on the strength of his far-too-dependable reinforcements, Subaru nodded to the guard and bid him open the door’s lock. As the guard steadily opened the door, Subaru matched its progression with tightened fists.

――Inside the Tower, imbued in scant light, in the reaches of an isolation cell that felt particularly dusky, imprisoned was Roy Alphard, fastened with Yin Magic in a form akin to a monolith. They shall awaken Roy, and force him to vomit forth Rem’s Memories, along with the Names and Memories of all the countless victims.

To exchange words with Sin Archbishops would surely be a battle that would scrape off one’s own sanity, but if a definite reward lay ahead of it, then Subaru shall steadfastly――.

Subaru: [――ah?]

After holding his breath in resolution, a gasp now unwittingly escaped from Subaru.

His eyes adjusting to the caliginous, dim light, the spectacle within the isolation cell was not what Subaru had prevised. What was supposed to await them was Roy Alphard, embedded in a monolith shaped like a dark slate, his condition akin to a preserved specimen.

However, ahead was an entirely unforeseen spectacle.

Everybody: [――――]

Subaru and the others froze, oblivious to its import, but it was Reinhard who gently shifted him aside by his shoulders and stepped into the cell. Beatrice was right beside him, her entire body reclined onto Subaru as they huddled close―― no, she was the one propping Subaru up.

For all strength absconded Subaru’s legs, verging upon collapse even now.

With Subaru nearing collapse, and Beatrice supporting him as his backdrop, Reinhard entered the interior of the cell and observed that which had been scattered about the chilly prison floor, shaking his head side to side.

He turned around, to say.

Reinhard: [――It is unfortunate, but he is dead.]

By Reinhard’s feet as he imparted this, was the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony―― Bizarre Eating, Roy Alphard, his heinously cruel corpse, limbs torn off, his body cleaved apart and severed into fragments, turned over; unravelled there was this terrible spectacle.

--- Chapter 6: Instantaneous Water Heater ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Pandemonium arose within the Prison Tower for a moment, people with altered expressions restlessly circling about from left to right.

Watching this scene from afar, Subaru rested his spine onto a rampart slightly distant from it all, hugging his knees.

Subaru: [――――]

Setting his forehead onto his curled knees, Subaru released a deep sigh.

Far too many shocking things had happened. That naturally applied to sighting a gruesome corpse without any prior preparedness of his heart, but to think that this cadaver could possibly have been――,

???: [――Are you alright?]

Subaru’s face was buried in his knees when that voice addressed him, making him slowly uplift his head. There, he saw Rem, her expression bedimmed by anxiety.

The girl crouched right beside him, peering at Subaru’s face, and used the handkerchief in her grasp to wipe his dispirited visage. The faintly moist handkerchief felt cool, and a sigh escaped Subaru with a “My bad”, chaperoned by a sense of salvation.

Rem: [There’s no need to apologize… It would seem, you saw something quite terrible inside.]

Subaru: [That’s… right. I also didn’t want you to see him, so there’s that, but I’m glad we kept you waiting outside just in case, Rem. You didn’t need to see something like that, Rem.]

Rem: [Please don’t be so overly protective. I witnessed many casualties in the Vollachian Empire. A few more at this point wouldn’t…]

Subaru: [I get it. But if you don’t absolutely have to come into contact with it then I’d like you to not. If you’re trying to save someone and end up letting them die because of your insufficient strength or something, those kinds of situations can’t be helped… but this kinda stuff, it’s the type of death that absolutely nothing good can come out of coming into contact with.]

Even Subaru would not repudiate the existence of deaths that were meaningful and significant, or deaths as consequence of persisting in one’s convictions.

Would he repudiate even that, then he would not have silently seen off Priscilla.

However, the death in the watchtower that he had witnessed just before―― the gruesome, appalling death plight of Gluttony Roy Alphard, was far removed from any such ilk of nobility; an unsightly and repulsive thing.

There was no decent meaning in plundering the life of another, and furthermore desecrating a corpse to such a degree.

It could have been part of a malevolent scheme, or perhaps a vehement rage that eluded satisfaction unless it tormented even the cadaver bereft of a soul―― he was a Sin Archbishop who would have purchased hatred as a matter of course, but nobody deserved this cruel a manner of death.

Subaru: [Shit… hk.]

Nausea scourging the pit of his stomach, Subaru clicked his tongue in frustration.

It was rage directed toward the one who had ripped Roy’s limbs and torn him apart, and at the same time, chagrin at once again losing the key to the resolution of the Authority of Gluttony, whose solution had finally seemed to be within his grasp.

Quite honestly, he did not wish to ponder it. ――That perhaps if Subaru and Reinhard had not taken a detour after meeting up, and had instead hastened directly to the Royal Capital, they may have found Roy still alive.

And ultimately, Subaru had the power to verify that for certain. In fact, if it had been the Subaru from the Empire, with his mentality from when his body had been shrunken, he surely would have enacted that without any hesitation.

But――,

Subaru: [――Al…]

Clutching the Al-orb which dangled from his neck, Subaru bit down on the inside of his cheek.

Hypothetically, even if Subaru were to lose his life now and Return by Death, his most recent restart point was in the Pleiades Watchtower, just before sealing Al away with Ol Shamak. There was also the possibility that his restart point had shifted forward, but based on his current experience, that was the latest update.

――And, to return once more to that time frame, and to repeat the moment in which it was necessary to preemptively shut down Al before he could set his plan into motion, was not something Natsuki Subaru was capable of.

Subaru: [――――]

It was not that it was not a viable option. Nor was it a restriction on the part of Ol Shamak.

Simply, Natsuki Subaru lacked the courage to return to that scene and face Al once more. If he were to fail in stopping Al, all the while hoping that it might be possible to change his mind through conversation, it might be Subaru who ended up getting sealed all over again.

Were that to happen, Subaru’s failed resolution would end up being entrusted to his allies once more. In order to prevent that, Subaru refrained from manifesting a short-tempered Return by Death.

However, that would mean that Rem, that the victims of Gluttony would―― it happened just when he began to think that.

Rem: […Once again, you’re trying to shoulder all the responsibility on yourself.]

Suddenly, upon Subaru’s hand which clutched the Al-orb, Rem placed her own.

Fixing her gaze straight ahead at Subaru’s face as his breath caught in surprise, Rem narrowed her pale-blue eyes, and,

Rem: [I’ll tell you this now. ――Please, don’t make it your own responsibility to recover my Memories. The matter of my Memories is my own problem… it’s troubling that you take every last thing without exception, and carry it upon your back as if it’s your own problem.]

Subaru: [――Hk, no, that’s not it. You’ve got it all wrong. I have to get your Memories back, no matter what…]

Rem: [Like I said, that’s all wrong. Why is it that for a problem that’s mine, you’re the one who’s going through the most headache? That’s something for me to worry about. It doesn’t belong solely to you.]

Subaru: [That’s…]

Eyes darting about, Subaru lost the ability to say anything before Rem’s gaze.

What flashed through his mind were the chills of that moment in which he had thought his life was over, back when Rem had spoken the words “You are not a hero” to him in the Fortress City. Just like that time, he thought he might end up being deprived of his privilege to struggle for the sake of Rem――,

Rem: […Please, don’t give me that wet puppy dog look.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Rem: [No, that was too much of an overstatement. A drenched puppy dog would still be cute, so you look more like a wet… a wet flying dragon, or something.]

Subaru: […Though, I’m way more open to being treated as cool rather than something cute.]

Rem: [It was not a compliment. Also, please do not misunderstand.]

With Subaru confused as to what said misunderstanding was, Rem began to collect her words after the passing of a moment. Then, she prefaced with “Alright?”,

Rem: [I have a general grasp on the situation. The person who was being held in this Tower… somebody who had some sort of connection to Spica-chan, would have been the first step to regaining my Memories. But, that person died, causing you to be immensely frustrated… All the while, you are leaving me, the person most affected, off to the side.]

Subaru: [――. When you put it like that, it makes me sound like an incredibly selfish guy.]

Rem: [It seems like you have finally gained awareness of your current position.]

Rem plainly and gently guided Subaru along towards comprehension. As he heeded her words, some leeway returned to Subaru’s respiration, after he had felt backed up against the wall all on his own.

And perhaps having perceived that change in his expression, Rem’s eyes smiled in relief,

Rem: [Even I am in low spirits. Right on the brink of my Memories possibly returning… but, witnessing you there in a state of frustration greater than even my own, I did not have any time to be feeling down.]

Subaru: [Umm, I’m glad that you didn’t have to feel down, Rem.]

Rem: [Hah? Even though you were feeling down instead, and making the rest of us worry?]

Subaru: [I’m terribly sorry~!]

Basking in Rem’s stern gaze, Subaru clutched his head and apologized.

He never would have thought that he would be treated as a thief who stole her right to feel saddened. But, that was also what Subaru truly wished at heart. Subaru believed it would be best if Rem, Emilia, and everyone else never had the time to be in low spirits for the rest of their lives.

Rem: [The fact that it seems like you’re thinking that it would be fine if you were the only one who ever felt down, is unpleasant.]

Subaru: [Rem…]

Rem: [I think you have a bad habit of believing that everything is always only your fault whenever something goes awry. So, you’re also trying to find solutions all by yourself… would you stop it already?]

Subaru: […So what you’re saying is, that I shouldn’t worry about things all by myself?]

Rem: [That is what I have been saying from the start.]

Subaru: [Have you!? Well, I guess you might have. Yeah, you have. You have been saying it. What an idiot I am for not noticing the things you’ve been saying! Stupid, stupid!]

Before Rem, who abruptly averted her gaze, Subaru smacked his own head repeatedly. As he hit himself, he felt a separate sense of guilt welling up in his mind.

After all, Rem had called out to Subaru like this out of pure concern for him. And yet, because Subaru did not face her properly, and failed to receive Rem’s thoughtfulness head-on, he had ended up making her say things that did not need to be said.

Subaru: [I’m sorry. Even though I brought you out here with such enthusiasm, I ended up causing you premature joy.]

Rem: [I don’t find that to be your responsibility. Only…]

Subaru: [Only?]

Rem: [Spica-chan will be forced to carry an unnecessary burden.]

The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, ones who named themselves so, Ley Batenkaitos and Roy Alphard―― Gourmet and Bizarre Eating, with the demise of this duo, there was only one individual yet subsisting who was endowed with the right over their Authority, that being Spica.

That was to say, the expectation to safely regain the Names and Memories eaten by Gluttony that shall not return all the more at this juncture, was set onto Spica’s shoulders.

Rem seemed uneasy about exerting that kind of pressure onto Spica, but――,

Subaru: [I don’t think Spica will find it to be an unnecessary burden… But, let’s contact Abel and ensure that there’s proper security around Spica. Tell Ceci to be vigilant as well. Putting aside whether Ceci will be able to.]

Rem: [――Yes.]

It was a tragedy that had befallen the body of Gluttony. There was no certainty whether or not the same threat would advance toward Spica; Subaru shared the worry and anxiety that Rem harbored and decided to direct this exhort towards Vollachia. He did not wish for any intrusion to impede upon Spica, who remained in Vollachia, having determined what she ought to do.

He must use any means possible to that end, no matter how overly protective he was called.

???: [――Sorry to keep you waiting.]

As Subaru and Rem’s conversation arrived at a brief terminus, approaching them with one hand lightly upraised was Reinhard, exiting the Prison Tower’s interior. Receiving the duo of Reinhard with Beatrice at his side, Subaru hastily stood up as he dusted off his behind.

Subaru: [Reinhard, how’s the inside? That Sirius…]

Reinhard: [Fortunately, if that is the correct thing to say. I was nearly fully certain, but she who is imprisoned in the underground is unharmed. The isolation cells of the Prison Tower are all respectively independent, so it seems she was unaware that Gluttony had even been apprehended in the same tower. And it is not just her. No other prisoners were harmed.]

Subaru: [Sirius is unharmed, and so are the other prisoners… it’s definitely dubious to call it good news, but one thing is clear.]

Upon Reinhard’s report of having completed his check of the interior of the Tower, Subaru nodded with a loathsome facial expression.

This was to say, the aim of the perpetrator of this crime within the Prison Tower was solely――,

Subaru & Reinhard: [――The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony.]

Their answers overlapping, Subaru and Reinhard intersected gazes and nodded.

Based on the situation at the crime scene, that was the only conclusion this circumstance accorded. However, that was not to say this conviction was not shadowed by questions.

Rem: […Based on what Beatrice-chan told me, even that is not something so simple, is it?]

Beatrice: [The inspection is done, I suppose. That perception is unmistaken, in fact.]

Drawing in her jaw toward Rem as she peered at her, Beatrice lined herself up beside Subaru. As she proceeded to gently hold Subaru’s hand, Beatrice enquired about his state,

Beatrice: [Are you feeling a tad fine now, I suppose?]

Subaru: [Not quite fine, but better. Sorry for shoving the whole crime scene inspection onto you.]

Beatrice: [Betty said so herself, in fact. Besides, there is not much that even Betty can do for a corpse, I suppose. What Betty can do is only provide insight from the perspective of a Great Spirit, in fact.]

Reinhard: [Please tell us your view. You see, I am unfamiliar with that regard.]

The gazes of the trio assembled upon Beatrice, as she closed her eyes at Reinhard’s urging. She cleared her throat with a tiny “Ahem” and surveyed the three as though about to give a lecture,

Beatrice: [To begin with, that Gluttony’s body was secured with Yin Magic, I suppose. Betty and Julius had worked together to do it, so it was rigid and solid security , impervious to any meager, measly attempts on it, in fact… That Betty couldn’t develop that advanced form by herself is mortifying, I suppose.]

Reinhard: [I have received confirmation on that end from those in charge of the Prison Tower. That the apprehended Gluttony was completely… suspended, like he had become a slate.]

Beatrice: [A thing impossible to meddle with, of course for the captive person, but also from those on the outside, in fact. Unfastening it would require suitable mastery of Yin Magic, I suppose.]

Subaru: [That’s not all. Even after getting him out of the monolith , you’d then have to go at it against the Roy who’d rush out. Go at it and――]

Rem: [――Take his life. In other words, it would be necessary to overcome these two stages.]

Upon Rem’s concluding remarks, Subaru and the rest were submerged in silence, their expressions troubled.

Understood insofar, in order to kill the monolith-status Roy, it necessitated skill in Yin Magic sufficient to rescind that monolith, and thereafter, the strength capable of killing Roy. Neither of these two things would be achievable in a brief period, nor capable for a person simply idling about without association.

Reinhard: [And that is to say nothing of their success in slipping through the network of vigilance to trespass into the Prison Tower. Yin Magic, mighty strength, covertness; to fulfill these three conditions is not something so simple.]

Subaru: [Taking into account all of my various grudges, I’d want to cling to the conclusion that Olbart-san is the perpetrator…]

Regrettably, even the Vicious Old Man would fail to meet the condition of being a Yin Magic user.

Although he would almost not be surprised to learn that among the shinobi techniques, there was something that exhibited similar strength, and that Olbart had been stealthily wielding it.

Reinhard: [It is without doubt that Vollachia is a belligerent nation, but they would not go so far as to choose impetuously risking diplomatic relations, given the country’s present situation. To begin with, I have heard that the arrival of Emilia-sama and the others at the Royal Capital is not unrelated to the matter of Vollachia.]

Subaru: […You’re right. I’d like to trust the flow that the wolves of that country have become a bit more sorted, rather than suspect Vollachia’s desire for suicide. But, I’m sorry for the whole mess, Reinhard.]

Reinhard: [Sorry? What ever happened for you to apologize?]

Subaru: [I had you take a detour just to have Rem tag along, and on top of that, you must’ve brokered our entry into the Prison Tower. And yet, in the end, this is how it turns out… ah.]

Rem: [――Stare.]

As Subaru was about to apologize for the pointless errand, he noticed Rem’s frigid gaze fixed onto him.

So, this was another link in Subaru’s vice of thinking everything was his fault.

However, that this thought had come to him was a fact, and withdrawing it would not sit right with him.

Beatrice: [It is unfortunate that the result was unfavorable, in fact. But, thank you for exhausting your efforts, I suppose.]

Subaru: [That’s it! As expected of my Beako! R-right, Rem-san?]

Rem: [Sigh…]

Subaru: [A sigh!]

Rem’s glacial gaze was replaced by her sigh, to which Subaru covered his face with his hands. Observing these affairs, Reinhard’s lips cleft into a tiny smile.

Subsequently, with his smile brimming, he declared.

Reinhard: [Come now, it was nothing. ―― You’re welcome .]

He said.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: […I see, Gluttony was… It’s kind of frustrating when things didn’t quite go right.]

Within a room of the Royal Residence, having received the report on the happenings at the Prison Tower, Emilia slanted her well-shaped eyebrows, muttering so with a conspicuously pallid complexion upon her face.

Her current state, bleared by fatigue, was a seldom sight for the ever-cheerful Emilia. Regardless, bearing the self-consciousness that one fragment of her fatigue came from his own weight, Subaru knew this was a disappointing show from him.

――Having parted ways with Reinhard, who had returned for Felt, Subaru was accompanied by Rem and Beatrice as they headed toward Emilia’s sojourn, the Royal Residence. There, he rendezvoused with everyone who had arrived before him.

Apart from Roswaal and Frederica, who were making for the Barielle Domain with Schult in tow, roughly everyone from the Emilia Camp was present at the Royal Residence.

In other words――,

???: [In spite of whipping these tired bodies to come running to the Royal Capital, it was a pointless errand, it would seem. How dare you spur such premature joy, Barusu.]

Subaru: [Just so you know, everyone aside from nee-sama is also disappointed, and even within that, my dismay is of the top class . I might just start crying tears of blood.]

Ram: [Hah! Tears of blood? That would just be the bursted blood vessels around your eyeballs. Ram can assist you in crying right this instant, in fact.]

Subaru: [Scary! Just because it was a shock , your ferociousness is showing a bit too much!]

Even Ram, albeit more aggressive than usual, was thus present as well.

Naturally, when Subaru had explained why he was bringing Rem to the Royal Capital, Ram had insisted in no uncertain terms that she would be coming too. Subaru understood her sisterly conviction that there was no way she could fail to be present when Rem’s Memories returned, and since he himself had wanted Ram there, he had agreed.

Still, the burden of the past several months, from their challenge of the Pleiades Watchtower to their forcible incursion into the Empire, must have been tremendous. Ram had managed to hold herself together through sheer force of will, but now that this whole affair had ended in a complete miss, the strings which held her taut had finally snapped. Even as she kept flinging barbed remarks, she had basically gone groggy.

In the end, just after delivering that final jab to Subaru, she was escorted off by Rem and Petra straight to a bedroom, and it looked like she would be nursed there for a while.

Otto: [Though, to be fair, Ram-san is not the only one barely hanging on. All of us are. There was the trouble involving Natsuki-san and the others, then the murder in the Prison Tower, and now the appearance of the Church of the Divine Dragon, plus the upheaval in the Royal Selection caused by the individual at the center of it all.]

As they watched Ram leave the room, Otto muttered that with his brows drooping.

He had accompanied the party that had gone ahead to the Royal Capital with Emilia, and he was supposed to deliver a full report at the Royal Castle on the Great Disaster in the Vollachian Empire, including the news of Priscilla’s death. Amongst the matters on the agenda was also the question of the future accord between the Empire and the Kingdom that Abel had entrusted them with, an important duty both for their camp and for the Kingdom itself, or so he had surely believed.

And then, out of nowhere, they got blindsided from a completely unexpected angle, thrown into a situation no amount of preparation could have readied them for. Even Subaru could not bring himself to tease Otto over it.

In the middle of all that, just as Subaru was agonizing over where they should even begin――,

Emilia: [――Will you talk to us about Al?]

As if she had seen straight through Subaru’s hesitation, Emilia chose that topic as the first item on the agenda.

Flam, Felt’s attendant, possessed a Divine Protection that allowed information to be transmitted between the twin sisters regardless of distance. Borrowing that power, they had already sent Emilia’s group a rough outline of what had happened to Subaru and the others at the Pleiades Watchtower. But, that had only been a simple summary. The details were another matter.

Having understood how anxious Emilia and the others must have been, Subaru explained everything as thoroughly as he could.

How they had gone to the Pleiades Watchtower in search of a Book of the Dead. How, that night, Al had betrayed them and attempted to do them harm, only for them to get the drop on him and contain him first. How he had not been granted any leeway to talk through the root of the reason that had driven Al to such violence.

And finally, that Subaru had no intention of letting his relationship with Al end there, without knowing any of those reasons.

Emilia: [――Yes, I feel the same way Subaru does… I think that’s the best thing to do.]

After hearing him out and spending some time thinking it over, Emilia gave her approval to Subaru’s conclusion, delighting him. Her amethyst eyes swayed with complicated emotions, but even so, she quietly gazed at the Al-orb hanging from Subaru’s neck and nodded.

He had already told Beatrice and Petra his thoughts while they were on the way back. So among those present, the ones forming a new opinion based on Subaru’s explanation were Emilia, who had just answered him that way; Otto, who looked like he had just bitten into an unripe persimmon; as well as――,

Rem: [――Al-san loved Priscilla-san. I cannot speak more on the matter.]

It was Rem, who had laid Ram down in the bedroom, and had now returned to the sitting room with Petra.

And so, for the time being, the Emilia Camp’s stance toward Al’s actions was decided. Perhaps because he did not want to spoil the atmosphere, Otto kept his thoughts to himself, for now. Subaru figured he could make him vent those thoughts later, together with Garfiel. With that in mind, Subaru slapped both cheeks with his hands.

Whether it was about Al, or about the Prison Tower, there was nothing they could do for either of those matters right now. Which meant that if there was anything they could discuss at present, the remaining topic was――,

Subaru: [――Let’s talk about this Filóre, from the Church of the Divine Dragon.]

About Filóre, whose existence could shake the very foundations of the Royal Selection.

Everyone: [――――]

The moment that subject came up, the air in the sitting room changed completely. But rather than becoming taut with tension or strain, it was filled with a much broader sense of bewilderment and confusion.

In truth, Subaru included, every last one of them was at a considerable loss over the situation.

Subaru: [To begin with, what kind of discussion is even happening at the Castle right now? The whole premise was that the Church of the Divine Dragon wouldn’t involve itself in the political core of things, right? And then suddenly, there’s talk of a sixth person who can make the insignia shine, and on top of that, she’s using the same name as the princess who vanished fifteen years ago? All of that came totally out of nowhere for everyone, didn’t it?]

Emilia: [Well, it sounds like they’re in the middle of discussing all of that right now. But, the Church broke its own rules this time because they wanted to save the people who were hurt in Pristella, right? Nobody can really say that’s wrong, and actually…]

Subaru: [――They healed Crusch-san’s body. Emilia-tan, you and Otto saw it too, right?]

Emilia: [Yes, we did see it. Right, Otto-kun?]

Otto: [I could not exactly stare a lady down so blatantly, but at the very least, the convulsive-looking black marks that had been visible have disappeared.]

Beside the nodding Emilia, Otto answered in such a way, his gaze flicking for a moment toward Subaru’s leg.

Was he implying that if the same conditions were met, Subaru’s leg could be healed too? To be honest, it did not inconvenience him that much, but every time they all bathed together, Otto and Garfiel might have felt awkward about it, so if it could be healed, he would not mind getting that taken care of.

Subaru: [But, it’s kind of terrifying, becoming indebted to the Church of the Divine Dragon for that… ah!]

Meili: [Ee~w, Onii-san, what are you getting all scaredy like that fo~r?]

Subaru: [No, I was just thinking that this might be another one of those “you put yourself last” situations I’ll get scolded for…]

Rem: [If you are aware of that, then please carry yourself with a little more dignity.]

Meili poked at him, and Rem sounded exasperated too. Still, if he had spoken out loud that this was a case with no actual harm involved, and that he did not want to make a disadvantageous position for the camp over it, he would probably get chewed out, so Subaru could only try to fumble past the issue with a fake little “ahem-ahem”.

Not that he was trying to bail Subaru out, but the one who spoke up then with a coarse “Hey” was Garfiel, seated on the window frame of the room.

Scratching his head roughly, he hesitated for a moment before saying,

Garfiel: [There’s prolly all sortsa complicated crap tied up to this. So, what my amazin’ self’s ‘bout ta say, that’s just how my amazin’ self feels, got it?]

Emilia: [Garfiel… hm, tell us. What is it?]

Garfiel: [――. If they can heal the folks in Pristella, then my amazin’ self wants ‘em to be healed right away, ‘n to get those guys to do the healin’. Between the black dragon ‘n the flies ‘n all the rest, ain’t there already been nothin’ but drainin’ crap?]

Curled up with one knee hugged close, half of his body exposed to the sunlight, Garfiel’s plea was earnest.

There was a family in Pristella Garfiel had grown close to. During that battle, the father of that family had fallen into the clutches of Lust, and was turned into a black dragon, having even been used once as a decoy. Even now, that transformed black dragon body remained unchanged, and by Emilia’s hand, he was being kept frozen, like the other victims, slumbering in a corner of the city.

If people in such a position could be cured, Garfiel was saying, then whom one had to rely on should be secondary.

Subaru: [And, I agree with him. There are people suffering, people in pain, and if there’s a way to save them, then it doesn’t matter who does it. That’s what I think.]

Petra: [Hmm, so Subaru gets to say that sort of thing? Even though you were the one insisting that it had to be you to wake up Rem-neesama, throwing yourself into danger over it?]

Subaru: [Now that you mention it, maybe I did say something like that, but man, you really remembered that well, Petra!]

Petra: [That’s not something I can forget. It kind of shocked me, after all. Part of me thought Rem-neesama was unfair, and part of me thought, wow, even after hearing that, I’m still the kind of girl who won’t give up.]

At Petra, who puckered her lips mischievously, Subaru could only scratch his head in total surrender.

In truth, before Rem woke up, while he had said that it would be fine no matter who awakened her, so long as she woke, he had absolutely also declared that he wanted to be the one to do it. In truth, he was a little too scared to look over and see what kind of face Rem was making upon hearing that.

Be that as it may――,

Subaru: [Putting aside what I’ve said in the past, let’s look to the future… No matter how the discussion at the Castle gets wrapped up, now that it’s been proven that the Church of the Divine Dragon has a way to heal them, the people of Pristella are going to be treated… right?]

Otto: [Yes. No matter which way the heated debate turns, I do not think there will be any hesitation on that point. The real issue will be whether it is treated as merely a debt owed to the Church of the Divine Dragon, or as something more than that.]

Subaru: [The sixth qualified candidate for Dragon Priestess, huh…]

Ultimately, how that individual’s standing would be handled was not something Subaru and the others had any control over.

Depending on how the people at the Royal Castle, or more precisely, the Council of Wise Men, chose to define those matters, this camp centered around Emilia would decide its own stance as well.

But when Subaru thought about it that way, the one still weighing on his mind was Filóre herself.

Subaru: [Emilia-tan, you actually met her in person, right? What kind of person was she?]

Emilia: [Let’s see… I thought she was a reaaally earnest girl. A good girl.]

Subaru: [I see. And what do you think of Meili?]

Emilia: [Huh? Meili? I think Meili is a reaaally hard-working girl who cares about her friends. A good girl.]

Meili: [I get what Subaru-oniisan is trying to sa~y, but don’t use me as your prop, oka~y?]

It was not that Subaru doubted Emilia’s eye for people, but when filtered through Emilia, there was always the danger that anyone at all might be judged as a serious, sincere, hard-working, good person. That said, Subaru’s own assessment of Meili was not all that different, so it would be wrong to question Emilia’s discernment based on that alone.

At this rate, it might have actually been more useful to ask Abel what he thought.

Subaru: [What about you, Otto? Even if you only caught a glimpse of her for a moment, what did you think?]

Otto: [I did not exchange many words with her, but my impression was that she was a devout believer of the Church of the Divine Dragon. Someone sincere, who believed that serving others was the highest good, and…]

Subaru: [And?]

Otto: [She seems to have a somewhat reckless streak. From what I have heard, this whole affair was Filóre-san acting on her own, disregarding the Church’s intentions.]

Subaru: [On her own? You mean healing Crusch-san, and making the insignia shine?]

Otto: [The former, yes. The latter was apparently the result of how events unfolded. But given the circumstances, I can not help thinking the Church of the Divine Dragon wanted to keep her existence hidden.]

Subaru: [Well, that’s…]

As for Subaru’s question of why, no one there had an answer.

Was Filóre truly the princess who had disappeared fifteen years ago, or not? What was with her appearance, bearing the traits said to belong to Lugunica’s Royal Family; and what was the truth behind that name? Why had the Church of the Divine Dragon kept her hidden, allowing the Royal Selection to begin and continue in ignorance of her existence?

The mysteries were simply too many. And because they were――,

Subaru: [Hey, Emilia-tan――] Emilia: [Look, Subaru――]

Subaru, lifting his face to voice an idea, and Emilia, overlapping with him, spoke. Startled, the two looked at each other with rounded eyes. Then, feeling as though they could read the same thought in each other’s gaze, they laughed together.

Apparently, Emilia had arrived at the very same conclusion.

That was to say――,

Subaru: [――Don’t you think we should try meeting this Filóre person and talking to her directly?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――If he were to think back on it, Subaru did not possess a particularly strong grasp on the overall picture of the Royal Capital of Lugunica.

Near the fountain in the Commoner District where he had been so grandly summoned to another world, the Commercial District with its fruit stand, whose shop owner he had met several times, the headquarters of each Candidate from whom he had received a series of blows following his terrible fight and parting with Emilia, and finally the loot house in the Slums: although he held emotional attachments regarding each of those places, they were merely a small portion of the Royal Capital’s vastness.

Consequently, to Subaru, the place of worship for the Church of the Divine Dragon, which was inconspicuously nestled in a corner of the Royal Capital’s Commoner District, seemed to be a case of it being the darkest at the foot of the lighthouse, as if it had been built right on the edge of his awareness. [1]

Subaru: [I had no clue there was such an obvious church…]

Emilia: [It’s reaaally surprising. But, if we’re talking about a church… didn’t you know, you even saw one in Pristella, where the wedding between Regulus and me was about to happen.]

Subaru: [You mean where I busted down that door! Now that you mention it, was that also one of the Church of the Divine Dragon’s?]

Due to that ironclad association of churches and weddings, his sense of duty to rescue Emilia no matter what had taken over, allowing him no leeway to even consider the setting. But, in retrospect, it had indeed been a church, and if it was a church within the Kingdom, which possessed no custom of belief in gods, it was inevitable that it would be connected to the Church of the Divine Dragon.

Subaru: [In that case, while wedding Emilia-tan was a sight for sore eyes, that incident itself is a detestable memory for me, so my impression of the Church of the Divine Dragon is off to a negative start .]

???: [Betty wasn’t there, but as expected, a Sin Archbishop would hardly do something respectable, I suppose. But, tarnishing your impression of the Church of the Divine Dragon over that would be a false accusation, in fact.]

???: [Well, this wouldn’t be the first time this guy said something so frivolously.]

Subaru: [Beako and Rem are both booing at me… do girls really still yearn for wedding dresses? So, does my bad-mouthing of the Church give me a bad image ?]

In response to Subaru’s timid question, Beatrice and Rem looked at each other, then shrugged their shoulders in unison. Subaru’s own shoulders fell in dejection at their response, and putting her hand over her mouth with a giggle, Emilia smiled, putting him at ease.

While casting a glance upon that smile, Subaru took that rare opportunity to regain his composure.

Subaru: [At any rate, although there’s a lot of circumstances that led up to our outing, having Emilia-tan and me, plus Beako and Rem… going in this combination is like, a dream party in a sense, isn’t it?]

Beatrice: [Whether it’s dreamy is uncertain, but it’s certainly quite unusual, I suppose.]

Emilia: [Yeah, now that you mention it. Until Subaru brought you out of the Forbidden Library, you wouldn’t really join us on outings, Beatrice. I’m sure it was the same for Rem, before she fell asleep.]

Rem: [I have no recollection of such things, but I’m sure you’re right. I’m also having fun walking around with Emilia-san and Beatrice-chan.]

Subaru: [Heeey, you left me out on purpose just now. I’m so looonely, I’m so miiiserable.]

Even saying that, this was an unusual yet delightful combination, so Subaru remained unbothered.

For the time being, these members comprised the team that was going to visit Filóre of the Church of the Divine Dragon, the lineup tasked with the mission of scouting out the enemy.

Presently, they were at last approaching the place of worship where the involved party from the aforementioned Church of the Divine Dragon was, but under what pretext could they summon Filóre―― then, it happened at that moment.

???: [――Ehhh, you can’t keep on branding others as liars! Alright, allow me to show you. This is the proof that I went up to the Castle!]

And then, an energetic voice could be heard from the premises of a large building enclosed by stone walls―― judging from its roof and the ambiance of its structure, it was most likely a church, the steeple of which was in view.

As soon as they blinked their eyes in confusion, Subaru and the others saw it. ――On the other side of the stone wall, a red light faintly swelled, asserting its existence.

Subaru: [That… could it be…]

???: [Wah! Amazing, amazing!] ???: [It really glowed! What did you do? What did you do?] ???: [You finally stole something! You thief!]

???: [First you call me a liar, and now you say I’m a thief!? You, just who do you think I am!? I am a nun! One who bears the Sacraments! On the verge of becoming a Saintess!]

It was the boisterously merry voices of children, and the voice of a girl who seemed to be playing with them. Subaru and the others looked at each other in response to what they had heard, before hurriedly navigating around the stone wall.

And then, upon reaching a break in the stone wall, the front entrance to the church grounds――,

???: [Now, behold. This is the brilliance of our Divine Dragon, who reduces those with wicked hearts to ashes! This too, is in the scriptures. “Man is born of the earth, and the Dragon descendeth from the heavens. He that forgets to revere the heavens and foolishly trusts that he hath wings upon his own back shall not realize his sin before his fall”!]

???: [Kyaaa!] ???: [Waaah!] ???: [Ugyaaah!]

They bore witness to the figure of a nun brazenly declaring such things, with red light glistening from within her hand held aloft―― the Dragon Gem on the insignia radiating, she chased after the squealing children who ran around erratically.

She had not noticed her visitors, and pursuing the fleeing children with an “Ooh hoh hoh hoh!” while the insignia glowed behind them,

Nun: [Now, who will repent amidst the blinding light of the high and exalted Dragon… huh?]

Subaru & Company: [――――]

Stopping dead in her tracks, the nun swiveled around as if making a creaking noise. There, she discovered Subaru and the rest observing the scene, and her mouth fell agape.

Upon seeing the reaction of the golden-haired, crimson-eyed nun, Subaru was at a loss for words. However, at Subaru’s side, Emilia rustled around in her pocket,

Emilia: [Look, look, I can do the same thing!]

And, as the produced insignia glowed red, just like the nun’s―― just like Filóre’s had, with angelic innocence, lacking any ill intent, Emilia followed up by saying she was also the same.

Immediately afterwards, Subaru saw with his own eyes as Filóre’s pale skin, from her neck to her face to her ears, all turned red with shame in a single instant, and Subaru faintly thought that she seemed like an instantaneous water heater. [2]

Translation Notes: [1] – It being darkest at the foot of the lighthouse is a Japanese idiom that means sometimes you can’t see what is right under your nose.

[2] – An instantaneous water heater (also known as a tankless water heater) directly heats water rather than storing hot water in a tank. They are much more common in Japan and elsewhere in the world than in North America, so we figured a translation note would be useful for those readers where they are uncommon.

--- Chapter 7: My Friend ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [Are you okay? Do you think you can handle it?] ???: [Onee-chan, watch what you’re doing! Uh-oh, uh-oh!] ???: [Is that the silver-haired half-elf everyone’s been talking about? Splash it on her head!]

???: [Don’t just say such nonsense off to the side! Also, don’t incite such blatant malice! This too, is in the scriptures. “Thou shalt not touch the scales of the Dragon with an impure mind. The defiled shall not be permitted to pass through the Golden Gates ere they have been struck by silver rain and the filth of their hearts hath been ground away.”]

???: […Which means?] ???: […Which means?] ???: […Which means?]

???: [It means if you even think about doing naughty things, I’ll be just as mad as if you actually did them! Now look, I have guests to attend to! Run along and play outside!]

A resonant voice gently shooed the innocent children outside. At that scolding, the children squealed as they noisily fled outside the building.

There were two boys and one girl, with the girl being the one with the nastiest comments. As all of them were clad in habits dyed indigo, nearly as dark as black itself, they were most likely members of the Church.

In any case, Subaru took it in stride, thinking it was good for them to be so energetic.

???: [I apologize for our children being so noisy. I admonish them daily, and yet it doesn’t quite seem to be sinking in, or rather, perhaps they just look down on me… hoh.]

Watching the backs of those children, the golden-haired, crimson-eyed nun leisurely shrugged her shoulders―― it was Filóre. In the midst of preparing to entertain her guests, she lamented that the children had continued to bother her, and in truth, it seemed that their behavior was an equal mix of fondness and ridicule.

In any case, rather than offering any consolation on that matter, the attention of Subaru and the others was seized by the tea set being carried upon a silver tray along with the girl’s unsteady gait as she approached them.

Rattling and clattering, everything upon the tray was indicating imminent disaster.

Watching the state of the tea set’s precarious journey to the table in the common room they had been shown to, Subaru and the others gulped.

???: […Um, do you need a hand?]

Filóre: [Please wait, don’t touch me! Right now, I’m maintaining a perfect balance on the tray, and even a single wrong step would spell the end. Slowly, slowly…]

???: [R-reaaally do your best…!]

Weaving between Rem, who offered to help, and Emilia, who earnestly cheered her on, somehow Filóre gingerly managed an emergency landing with the tray onto the table without spilling a drop.

As they reflexively applauded her with an “Ooooh”, whilst wiping her forehead, she said,

Filóre: [Ahem, sorry to keep you waiting. My apologies for making you anxious and on edge all of a sudden. Normally, I would leave it up to someone else to welcome guests in this way, but there is no one else here aside from me at present.]

Emilia: [No, it’s fine. Thanks for welcoming us. If anything, we’re the ones who dropped by while you’re so short on hands.]

Filóre: [No, it’s no trouble. The doors of the Church should always be open. This too, is in the scriptures. “Fearing and revering the power of the Dragon is itself a sign of love. Love without reverence is conceit, reverence without love is servility, and righteous love is to be found in the nobility of standing tall in the presence of the Dragon.”]

Emilia: [Umm, and that means?]

Filóre: [In other words, it means you should always be at your finest so that you never have to worry about when someone important might be watching you.]

Raising her index finger, Filóre answered Emilia’s question in that way.

That quotation was likely a verse from the scriptures of the Church of the Divine Dragon, but she had an excellent sense at how to simplify and convey the ideas to make them easier to understand. Moreover, the way her explanation made the ceremonious language easy to comprehend was welcomed by Subaru, whose understanding of religious beliefs was superficial.

Subaru: [That said, the way you were shouting at those kids with spit flying everywhere was you at your finest?]

Filóre: [Guh-]

Beatrice: [And after that, the way her face turned bright red after noticing Betty and everyone else was quite the spectacle, I suppose.]

Filóre: [Urgh-]

As Subaru and Beatrice pointed this out, Filóre clutched her chest and groaned after each point. While feeling quite pleased with that reaction, suddenly Rem, next to Subaru, and Emilia, next to Beatrice, each pinched their ears.

Rem: [That was an unnecessary comment just now.] Emilia: [Geez, don’t bully her.]

Subaru & Beatrice: [Ouch, ouch, ouch!]

And so, Subaru and Beatrice were each made to pay the price for their mischief, leaving them with some damage. In the end, simply bringing out the tea had resulted in a tally of three casualties.

But, that was enough of such nonsense――,

Filóre: [Once again, I thank you for visiting me. I am Filóre… a nun of the Church of the Divine Dragon who just caused quite the commotion at the Royal Castle.]

Everyone: [――――]

Subaru and the others stared in total silence as Filóre introduced herself with her hand upon her chest. Then, her expression quickly clouding over,

Filóre: [Hey, please say something. Otherwise, I’ll get anxious…]

Subaru: [Nah, it’s just that I was thinking, “Oh, so she is aware that she caused a commotion, huh.”]

Filóre: [Well of course I am… I mean, I am indeed. If everyone in the Castle was looking at you with such indescribable eyes, anyone would think “Huh? Did I do something wrong?”.]

Subaru: [Well, we weren’t there for that, but I do in fact understand that unbearable sensation of feeling out of place like that preeetty well.]

Filóre: [Really!? That hellish sensation!?]

Emilia: [Oh, Subaru, could you be talking about the time when you went off and declared yourself my Knight in front of everybody, and then I was embarrassed so I said you weren’t?]

Subaru: [Guh, that’s pretty much it!]

With Filóre jumping up, and Emilia clasping her hands together in front of her chest, Subaru was bombarded by innocent exclamations from both sides, and this time it was his old wounds that began to sting anew.

Or rather, from Emilia’s perspective, her rejection of him on that occasion was simply due to her embarrassment. Of course, he had not conducted a survey on her feelings about that time, but contrary to her cute reason, the damage Subaru had suffered was horrific.

Rem: […I can’t even bear to hear what was said just now, but is it true?]

Beatrice: [Unfortunately, Betty had yet to form a Contract with Subaru at the time, so she doesn’t know the details, in fact. However, it wouldn’t have been strange for Subaru to make such a mistake back then, I suppose.]

Subaru: [It’s super depressing hearing Rem and Beako saying all sorts of things about that day after so long! Just so you know, before you lost your Memories, you understood the situation Rem, and you were rather sympathetic toward me.]

Rem: [Are you sure about that? Perhaps my previous self was so dumbfounded that I simply refrained from commenting ?]

Subaru: [Stop it, now I’m kinda starting to feel like you could be right!]

Truthfully, regardless of Subaru’s feelings at that time, his way of doing things, his methods, the way he spoke to others, the way he presented himself; he had no doubt that he had persisted in making poor choices in all aspects. Still, he had already reflected on that, so he hoped he would be let off the hook already, even though he had been the one to initially bring it up.

However, as Subaru found himself being crushed by his own actions in the past――,

Filóre: [――I understand those feelings.]

Both of her hands unflinchingly reached over the table to firmly grasp Subaru’s right hand. As he looked, he saw Filóre leaning forward directly in front of him, nodding toward Subaru.

Meeting the wide-eyed Subaru, those crimson eyes of hers blazing,

Filóre: [The icy stares of everyone around you, glaring at you, who appeared out of nowhere, and clearly don’t belong.]

Subaru: [――!]

Filóre: [Your tongue, which had started speaking with such enthusiasm, is unable to turn back now.]

Subaru: [Yeah, yeah. That’s exactly right!]

Filóre: [After you’ve more or less finished speaking, there’s a long silence that feels like an eternity before someone says something!]

Subaru: [Those few seconds are endlessly long…!]

Filóre: [I realized that I really overdid it… That I might have made a mistake, or something.]

Subaru: [Filóre…!]

The shudder of fear she had experienced coursing through her, he felt every bit of it as if it were his own―― no, in truth, it was his own. Realizing this, Subaru also grasped Filóre’s hands in return.

Hands clasped together atop the table, Subaru and Filóre nodded to each other.

Indeed, Subaru and Filóre were comrades who had both gotten carried away and made a mess of things at the Castle――,

Rem: [However, aren’t your positions quite different between the likes of Filóre-san, who immediately produced results, and you, who postponed the opportunity to make amends?]

Subaru: [St-stooop… we were totally having a moment just nooow.]

Filóre: [Indeed, indeed. This too, is in the scriptures. “Sharpen not thy claws that tear at thy neighbor whilst sheltered beneath the shade of the same wing. Brothers who quarrel under the same sky are those who err in abandoning the benevolence of the Dragon by their own hand”.]

Emilia: [Umm, and that means?]

Filóre: [We are all comrades who have suffered the same taste of shame, so get along instead of arguing.]

Subaru: [I totally get it! Maybe I’ll join the Church of the Divine Dragon!]

Beatrice: [That would be a delicate matter, so don’t treat it so carelessly, in fact!]

Taken in by the overly kind treatment, and on the verge of joining a new religion, Subaru was stopped by Beatrice’s loving open palm. If love for the object of one’s faith was a major driving force, then Subaru was surely already an adherent of Beatrice-ism, as well as Emilia-ism and Rem-ism.

Subaru: [No, by that logic, that’s a whole lot of religions I’m joining. Up to now, I’ve been pretending to be non-religious as typical of a Japanese person, but perhaps in the eyes of God, I’m actually an unfaithful person…?]

Rem: [――. Well, isn’t that right?]

Subaru: [Those are simply unbelievably cold eyes!]

As soon as he muttered something nervously, he was stabbed to death by Rem’s pale-blue eyes. With Emilia and Beatrice also offering wry smiles beside Rem, Subaru stopped investigating the topic further.

Having made his tactical retreat, Subaru and the others turned their gaze to Filóre once again. Frankly, she already was very easy to get along with at this point, but there was something he needed to tell her.

And that was――,

Subaru: [I heard you helped Crusch-san. This might sound odd for me to say, but… thank you. Seriously, thank you.]

Filóre: [――――]

Saying this, Subaru bowed so deeply that he nearly cracked his forehead against the table. In response to those words of gratitude from Subaru, Filóre’s eyes widened, looking toward Emilia and the others.

Though he had prefaced it as odd, it apparently did not dispel the reason for her astonishment. However, Emilia also bowed her head toward Filóre.

Emilia: [Allow me to give my thanks as well. We all wanted to do something to help Crusch-san. And you were the one who actually managed to make it happen.]

Beatrice: [ Actually, a solution was just being looked into on our end, I suppose. You’ve performed a great achievement, in fact.]

Rem: [I’ve only heard about it, but I think it’s truly admirable.]

Just like that, not only Emilia, but Beatrice and Rem as well all conveyed their gratitude in succession, leaving Filóre’s jaw hanging agape for a time. And then, somehow absorbing that shock she had been struck by, she slowly shook her head.

Then, before them all, calmly showing a smile filled with benevolent love,

Filóre: [――Think nothing of it. I merely did what I had to do. If someone should be saved by that, then that itself is my greatest wish.]

It was a response truly fitting for the nun of benevolent love that Subaru had embraced. ――To the extent that he could have said it was beyond reproach, if only her nostrils had not twitched in delight.

Of course, out of both his appreciation and a samurai’s mercy, Subaru refrained from commenting on it.

△▼△▼△▼△

Filóre: [――I was found abandoned in front of a church when I was an infant. That was a little over fifteen years ago now.]

Upon the conclusion of their initial exchange that had started with greetings, Filóre began to recount for them the position she had been placed in, the circumstances which surrounded her, and the story of her own life related to it all.

Subaru and the others reflexively exchanged looks in response to the comment about an abandoned child that initiated the conversation. ――Because when it came to the suspicions that “Filóre was the missing princess”, it was truly not a topic that could be avoided.

Emilia: [You were abandoned… so then, you don’t remember your parents?]

Filóre: [Correct, I don’t know their faces or their names. But, everyone in the Church is my family. So I’ve never felt lonely… well, I’ve occasionally been perturbed when some heartless individual would mock me, but I’ve basically been fine. Because someone has always been there for me.]

Subaru: [I see. But you know, did you ever think it was weird or something? After all, golden hair, crimson eyes, and “Filóre” are like a royal flush, or a critical hit , or something…]

Filóre: [This is the Church of the Divine Dragon, remember? It is only natural for the Church to distance itself from the Royal Family and the Royal Castle, so I never received such information… No, looking back on it now, they probably kept it a secret from me on purpose. You jeeerks…]

Her fists trembling upon the table, Filóre lamented her situation.

As one might surmise from their considerably startling first encounter with her, as well as their brief conversation up to this point, Filóre appeared to be the fairly impulsive type, or rather, someone easily swayed by her own emotions.

Her negotiations at the Royal Castle, which united Subaru with her in a bond of powerful empathy, seemed to have also been a consequence of an outburst of these emotions.

Filóre: [From the start, I have thought that the Witch Cult’s debauchery has been unpardonable as of late. Then came the incident in Pristella… I had already run out of patience.]

Subaru: [So you ignored those around you who were trying to stop you, and raised an uproar in the Castle?]

Filóre: [You could have phrased that with a bit more consideration… I know, how about saying I did so in a dignified and ladylike manner?]

Subaru: [Alright then, you raised an uproar in a dignified and ladylike manner.]

Filóre: […I feel like my commendable qualities aren’t quite coming across as well as I had thought they would.]

Be that as it may, for Subaru, who had obeyed her instructions, it was not on him to take responsibility for the extent of their effectiveness.

At any rate, it was clear to him that Filóre had acted out of a sense of duty and fierce indignation. However, the interest of Subaru and the others lay in the part concerning what had led her to take such an action.

That was――,

Emilia: [――A Sacrament, that’s what you mentioned, right Filóre?]

The atmosphere in the common room became slightly tense as Emilia’s words broached the subject.

A Sacrament, that was the “something” that Filóre was said to have used to cure Crusch’s body, going so far as to march into the Royal Castle to demonstrate it; this was the possibility of overturning an Authority.

And for some reason, the Church of the Divine Dragon had concealed its existence, and she had attempted to expose it to the public; it was a means by which they could save the victims of the Witch Cult.

Subaru: [――――]

Wetting his lips with his tongue, Subaru tried to contain his faint sense of urgency.

As it was declared to be a Sacrament, it was only natural that it would be quite a significant secret of the Church of the Divine Dragon. Depending on the circumstances, mere knowledge of its existence might have been enough for the Church to treat them as an enemy.

If they were to dig deeper into it, even Filóre would shut her mouth――,

Filóre: [The Sacrament? Yes, indeed. It is a secret art handed down from antiquity only within the Church, and there are very few individuals who can use it. The Church calls such individuals Saintesses, and I myself am qualified as well, hence why I can employ that power.] [1]

Subaru: [You told us way too readily, is that allowed!?]

Filóre: [Whether it’s allowed or not, though the Church has tried to hide it, it has already been discussed extensively at the Castle. It’s pointless to try and conceal it at this point… This too, is in the scriptures. “Thou shalt not defile the earth the Dragon hath purified with the poison of selfish desire. It requires a thousand years of prayer, and the tears of sinners, to fill a spring that hath dried up but once.”]

Emilia: [Umm, and that means?]

Filóre: [In other words, if you try to profit only yourself, it’s incredibly challenging to recover if something were to happen. ――And I thought that right now was the time when something had happened.]

Therefore, contrary to the intentions of the Church of the Divine Dragon, who wished to conceal the Sacrament’s very existence, Filóre had chosen to wield that power publicly, in accordance with the doctrines to which she adhered.

Naturally, the Church of the Divine Dragon was in a state of considerable disorder after she had done such a thing on her own accord, and the Royal Castle, which had incurred a huge debt, was likewise surely in a state of mayhem.

However, setting aside the chaotic consequences, Subaru was certain that her motive was born of good intentions.

Filóre: [Right now, they are discussing how to handle me at the Royal Castle… higher-ups from the Church and my long-standing family are both participating, but…]

Emilia: [Even though it’s about you, Filóre, you aren’t a part of the discussion?]

Filóre: [Even though I wanted to join them, they chased me away! It’s about me, and yet if I were to be present, they said things might get complicated… but there’s at least a slight chance it wouldn’t, so don’t you find that heartless!?]

Beatrice: [It’s lamentable that you estimate the chance of it not happening to be low, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Don’t tell her that, Beako.]

Red-faced, Filóre complained about her unjust treatment, but looking at the impulsive and straightforward girl, he could not help but admit that the judgment of those involved was apt.

Filóre claimed to be fifteen years of age, and contrary to her mature appearance, she was most certainly fifteen years old on the inside―― or perhaps, even more childish. This might have also been influenced by her upbringing as a sheltered child, isolated from the rest of the world.

To be honest, Subaru could not comprehend the intention of the Church of the Divine Dragon who had raised her in such a way.

Rem: [Then, those concerned are at the Castle? And so, Filóre-san was left alone in this church?]

Filóre: [It’s as you say. Well, I don’t feel lonely because those kids from before are here for me, but I’ve been instructed not to go off on my own. I want to go and spread the power of the Sacrament as quickly as I can, even a single second quicker, and yet…]

Subaru: [I’ve never heard of this Saintess of Motivation .]

He supposed that was just how much she desired to deliver salvation, but there were also Saintesses that lacked such a saintly affectation.

Nevertheless, it was also as Garfiel had discussed at the Royal Residence: when he thought of the victims in Pristella who were waiting for such a time as this, he could do nothing but agree with Filóre’s sentiments.

If anything, as far as Subaru was concerned, he felt like giving Filóre some encouragement.

Subaru: [I totally get how you feel. Maybe I’ll beg Reinhard, and he can carry Filóre to Pristella in a single leap…]

Filóre: [Guh… hk, what a fascinating proposal…! However, I was told to wait patiently.]

Subaru: [You didn’t make a promise, did you? Besides, even if you promised, if it saves someone in the end, then breaking it just a little bit…]

Emilia: [Subaru? Are you perhaps not only breaking your own promises, but making others break them as well? That’s reaaally not good, you know…?]

Beatrice: [Even a habitual promise breaker has reached his limit, in fact.]

Subaru: [Guhhh…!]

Reprimanded with the nuance of “I understand your feelings, but…”, Subaru could only respond with that gurgling noise. Together with Filóre, who made a similar sound herself, they bent the knee before that promise.

At the moment, all they could do was pray that the discussions at the Castle would come to a swift and constructive resolution.

Rem: [――At any rate, I heard that Filóre-san is a nun of the Church of the Divine Dragon.]

Subaru: [Rem?]

Rem: [Even with such a position, you included Emilia-san so readily.]

Subaru, who had been offering up a prayer in the direction of the Castle, frowned quizzically when Rem suddenly broached this different topic.

However, that subject was not entirely off the mark, as made apparent from the reactions of Emilia, who frowned, and Filóre, who lowered her hands that had been raised in prayer, the same as Subaru.

Rem had pointed it out: when it came to the relationship between the Church of the Divine Dragon and Emilia, her true point was that――,

Rem: [The Church of the Divine Dragon reveres the power and grace of the Divine Dragon Volcanica, and the Covenant with it. And, the grandest achievement of the Divine Dragon within the Kingdom of Lugunica is the sealing of the Witch of Envy, isn’t that right?]

Subaru: [Oi, that can’t mean…]

Rem: [The more devout adherents of the Church of the Divine Dragon may feel conflicted concerning Emilia-san… that’s what I’m saying.]

Subaru rose to his feet in spite of himself, but Rem did not turn toward his countenance, nor attempt to meet his eyes. Her lips pursed tight, Rem knew her remarks had been callous, and could very well end up demolishing the heretofore relatively amicable atmosphere of the meeting.And yet, Rem still spoke out. She would not simply avert her eyes from that unnatural situation and allow it to remain unnatural.

Truthfully, Subaru had not perceived that peculiarity until Rem had pointed it out.

There was also the fact that the Church of the Divine Dragon’s existence was entirely foreign to him, but what was more significant for Subaru was this: although he felt novel amazement each day at Emilia being an ultra-beautiful girl, from their first encounter until today, she had never once been an object of dread or awe to him.

But, he must not forget. ――Due to her lineage and the characteristics of her appearance, Emilia constantly had her resemblance to the most dreaded Witch in this world thrust upon her.

Subaru: [――――]

And, that resemblance to the Witch of Envy was certainly an affair that could never be ignored, nor openly approved of by the Church of the Divine Dragon, who dedicated themselves to the Divine Dragon itself, one of the Three Great Heroes who, four hundred years prior, had put a stop to the atrocities of the Witch.

Moreover, Filóre was a bearer of the Sacrament that was a secret of the Church, and a presence placed in a position akin to that of a Saintess. Having been raised under the doctrines of the Church of the Divine Dragon, it would not be strange if she bore such an impression of Emilia.

Subaru: [Am I an idiot? No, I am definitely an idiot.]

This sort of thing was something Subaru should have taken notice of, not Rem.

Despite his position as Emilia’s one and only Knight, he was far too lacking in knowledge of and vigilance towards places where she might be harmed unjustly. Would he try to make up for it by cursing himself and saying it was his own fault, even if Emilia’s face clouded over as a result?

He regretted his own lack of knowledge, and that had been one of the reasons he had hastened back to the Royal Capital, and yet――,

Emilia: [Rem, just when have you been studying? You reaaally surprised me.]

However, as Subaru felt such regrets, Emilia herself spoke, neither to rebuke her good-for-nothing one and only Knight, nor to express surprise upon realizing Rem’s remarks.

She simply smiled, thanking Rem for her decision to bring up that topic.

Rem: […Something like studying isn’t really that big of a deal. It’s just, I am also in a position where I have been given a place for myself to belong, so I simply listened to what Nee-sama had to say.]

Emilia: [Still, it makes me happy. Even though I made you worry… how weird.]

Rem: [――. No, it’s not that I don’t understand. I often feel pathetic for worrying others, but it also makes me feel cared for.]

Emilia: [Fufu, is that so? In that case, Rem, please take good care of me, too.]

Rem: […I think Emilia-san has done so for me already.]

Casting her eyes down, Rem directed that retort back towards Emilia, who stared straight ahead at her. However, to Subaru’s eyes, that attitude of Rem’s was just her way of hiding her embarrassment.

Emilia’s pure, honest gaze could strip away any contemplated motives. Subaru understood exactly how Rem was feeling, as he too was frequently made to face himself because of it.

Subaru: [Beako, cheek!] Beatrice: [Good grief, I sup, pose!]

Immediately following the exchange between those two, Subaru called out in such a manner to Beatrice. As soon as he did, Beatrice slapped Subaru’s face with her tiny palm as if she had been preparing to do so―― numbness racing from her lovely hand with a smack, Subaru’s shoulders trembled.

Emilia: [Kya!? Why’d you do that so suddenly?]

Taken aback by that unexpected action, Emilia gently touched Subaru’s cheek. As the coolness of those fair fingertips soothed his stinging cheek, Subaru shrugged his shoulders with a “Nah”,

Subaru: [I just got a little fired up. It’s mentalism by Beako to stand back up… perhaps I’ll call it Bea- ntalism . Or maybe Bea- therapy ? Which one do you prefer?]

Emilia: [Sorry, I’ve got no idea what you’re talking about.]

Emilia responded in her usual tone to Subaru, who had spouted out such pointless words.

From that response alone, he recognized that Emilia appeared unafraid of the circumstances which were worrying Subaru, nor did she appear disheartened over Subaru’s shameful display.

Subaru: [Of course, I can’t just rely on that. It’s also a problem that my judgment regarding circumstances that should worry our camp is worse than the amnesiac Rem.]

Rem: [Reflect properly on that.]

Subaru: [You’re telling me that because you think I can do it, right? All right, leave it to me.]

Rem: [――. Well, that’s fine.]

Subaru had begun to lose heart, but with that encouragement from Rem, his motivation was restored. After doing so, Subaru once again turned sharply toward Filóre.

She was a nun and Saintess of the Church of the Divine Dragon. However, that was precisely why――,

Subaru: [There is significance in freeing such people from prejudice, I think. So, how about it, Filóre? For a start, how about forming a friendly relationship with Emilia-tan?]

Emilia: [A friendly relationship? Hey, Subaru, do you mean…?]

Subaru: [Yeah, in other words―― the two of you becoming friends!]

Firmly clenching his fist, Subaru made that vehement proclamation. And, in response to that, with her amethyst eyes sparkling, Emilia clasped her hands together in front of her chest.

It went without saying that Emilia craved companionship. She possessed the accomplishment of directly making a proposal to Felt and becoming friends with her.

And, it was not only that friend monster, Emilia――,

Filóre: [――Friends… with me? Seriously!?]

Making an ostentatious noise, Filóre placed both hands on the table with a thud, jumping at the offer.

Her large crimson eyes trembling violently, looking back and forth between Subaru and Emilia,

Filóre: [No, my apologies. There must have been some sort of mistake. Perhaps I misheard you. You didn’t say friends, you must have said… ah, “friendless”. You meant I have no friends.]

Subaru: [Yikes, this Saintess is far too much of a loner.]

Emilia: [B-but, I might know just how you feel. I was also reaaally anxious when Subaru tried to be friends with me, since I didn’t understand what he might be thinking.]

Subaru: [I’m sorry for making you anxious! My feelings haven’t changed since the start, and have only grown even stronger with the passage of time… ouch! Rem, did you just step on my foot!?]

Rem: [Incorrect. I simply dropped this iron ball.]

Subaru: [You brought the Morningstar with you!?]

Cheerfully, Rem concealed the Morningstar, which she had dropped on top of Subaru’s foot, behind her back. He trembled in fear after she had nearly crushed his foot, but the sight of Rem in a maid uniform, carrying around that spiked iron ball that Subaru had so diligently polished while at the mansion, was heartwarming to see.

Emilia: [Hey, Filóre.]

Ignoring Subaru and Rem, Emilia approached Filóre, who was escaping reality.

Then, when Emilia touched her hands upon the table, Filóre’s shoulders jumped with a start, and she stared at Emilia in astonishment.

Emilia: [Subaru’s the one who suggested it, so by just going along with it, I’m just being reaaally lackadaisical, but how about it, Filóre?]

Filóre: [H-h-how a-about it, you say? I’m, not really sure what you mean… if you don’t say it more clearly, I’ll misunderstand you. Or rather, am I not doing so right now? Is this a dream…?]

Emilia: [No, this isn’t a dream. Besides, let me be clear so you don’t misunderstand me. If you’d like, we… no, let’s be friends together!]

Filóre: [――Yes, of course, very well, I’d be happy to!!]

In an instant, her delicateness and meekness up to that point did an about-face, and Filóre, her face brightening in a flash, clasped Emilia’s hands in return, and the two of them nurtured a new friendship in close quarters.

Despite being overwhelmed by such a speedy development, Subaru sensed that the wind was unmistakably blowing in a favorable direction, and he nodded deeply.

Subaru: [I’m glad we were able to progress the conversation without it turning sour somehow. However, that momentum… it reminds me of when Beako listened to my persuasion.]

Beatrice: [When it came to Betty, it was more romantic and dramatic , in fact! She wasn’t so ravenously starved like this girl, I suppose!]

Subaru: [It hurts, it hurts, it’s cute, it’s cute.]

Upset, with no other outlet for her irritation, Beatrice stamped on the foot opposite the one Rem had nearly crushed, but the weight of it and the way she pouted were adorable.

Furthermore, when he took a glance, Rem was patting her chest as if in relief that Emilia and Filóre were kindling a relationship.

Although it had been something that had to be touched upon, it was a relationship that could have been severed by her. He could surmise what Rem was feeling.

Subaru: [Are you also satisfied, Rem? When it comes to friends?]

Rem: [I don’t believe it is something so simple. Besides, I have Katya-san.]

Subaru: [You don’t really care about how many friends you have? I, for one, consider pretty much everyone I met on the Gladiator Island to be my friend.]

Rem: [I have Katya-san.]

It was quite an obstinate answer. Well, how one categorized their own friends was up to them, so it would be tactless to say much on the matter one way or another.

At the very least, an amicable relationship had been forged between Emilia and Filóre. Could this not be called a historic achievement for both the Emilia Camp and the Church of the Divine Dragon?

Emilia: [I was also able to become friends with Felt-chan, and I’ve promised to become friends with Anastasia-san too, so perhaps I’m good at making friends.]

Emilia was Emilia, and she had gained self-confidence by making multiple friends in a short span of time. At this rate, her momentum might well cause her to end up greeting passersby on the street, one after another, and increase her number of friends that way.

That might not be a bad idea, but while he could not say either way, he felt it might be disgraceful in a different sense, so he would have to put a stop to Emilia’s craving for friends for the time being.

Filóre: [Hey, wait, Emilia… you’ll allow me to call you Emilia, right? We’re friends now, aren’t we? Still, isn’t it a bit cruel to mention the names of friends other than me? It doesn’t really matter, though? It’s fine, but if you could just pay a little more attention to me since we only just became friends…]

Filóre was Filóre, and had perhaps been without friends for too long. Her speech had a slight yandere quality to it, as if she was expecting a bit much from her friend. [2]

This was probably due to her desire for friends being overly directed at a single person, so it might be dangerous if she did not make more friends and successfully distribute that desire amongst them. If Rem could not be forced to do so, then it seemed like Subaru, or perhaps Beatrice, would have to take on that role.

Subaru: [But actually, would that be okay from Filóre’s perspective? Of course, the only thing my Emilia-tan has in common with the Witch of Envy is her looks.]

Filóre: [――? Do you have some sort of problem with my Emilia?]

Subaru: [Yikes, this Saintess, it’s no wonder she can’t make friends!]

At this attitude of Filóre’s, who had pulled on the arm of Emilia’s she had grasped, and settled down into her chest, Subaru pressed on his forehead as he thought that this friendship might end up being more troublesome than he anticipated.

Laughing at the exchange between Subaru and Filóre, Emilia hugged her from behind, and,

Emilia: [Geez, settle down. I’m sorry, my friend.]

Subaru: [What the? Why am I having dominance asserted over me right now? Emilia-tan, what am I to you!?]

Emilia: [Huh, Subaru is my Knight, right?]

Subaru: [Right! Phew, that was close. That satisfied my self-esteem.]

The rift between the silver-haired half-elf and the Church of the Divine Dragon that could have arisen had not, but instead, a rift began to arise between Emilia’s one and only Knight and her friend. ――It was on the verge of becoming something much more substantial.

???: [――Filóre, did you kick out Lucien and the others? Didn’t you promise to be watched over as proof that you were properly reflecting on your actions?]

Suddenly, the door to the common room was pushed open, and the figure of a young man appeared there.

With a wide-brimmed black hat, clad in attire of deep violet, and with a handsome slender face―― once he noticed Filóre, along with Subaru and the others aside from her, within the room, his yellow eyes widening with an “Oya,”

???: [Visitors have arrived, huh? Goodness, those kids, they abandoned their post and didn’t even tell me. I’ll have to give them a proper scolding later.]

Filóre: [Oh, welcome back, Tiga. Hey, look, this girl is Emilia, my friend. Isn’t that great? My friend… hehe, friend, hehehe.]

With the brim of his hat lowered, the young man’s eyes were obscured. Delight overflowing, Filóre introduced Emilia to the young man while still cuddling with her.

She was a beautiful girl, so it was just barely within the acceptable limits, but her face made it appear that she was on the brink of friend addiction.

At Filóre’s words, the young man by the name of Tiga said, “Emilia?”, and raising an eyebrow, and looking between the aforementioned Emilia, Subaru, and the rest,

Tiga: [I see. I’m also glad you were able to make a friend. However, the way you’re making a triumphant face at me is unacceptable. For instance… say, would you be my friend?]

Subaru: [Huh, me?]

Tiga: [Yes, I’m Tiga Rauleon. And you are…?]

Subaru: [Natsuki Subaru. Treat me well, my friend .]

Tiga: [――Ah, likewise, my friend .]

Tiga leisurely walked over and extended his hand, which Subaru shook without any hesitation. He responded effortlessly to the foreign words thrown his way, and he even threw in a wink perfectly. While doing so, he repeated the words “ My friend , my friend ” over in his mouth a few times, quickly acclimating himself to them.

Meanwhile, Filóre, who had long suffered a friendship deficiency disease, could not hide her shock at the lightning-fast friendship between Subaru and Tiga.

Her eyes widened in astonishment, and pointing at Subaru, then Tiga,

Filóre: [A-aren’t you scared? What if you get rejected, or something?]

Subaru: [Oi, what’s up with the upbringing where you’re from? She has such a fearless personality, and yet she’s so cowardly only when it comes to making friends, what a strange balance .]

Tiga: [I have no excuse for it. After all, since she has been so strictly sheltered, she craves contact with the outside world. We may have a long association from here on out, so gradually help me tame her. She’s not going to bite you.]

Filóre: [That was an unnecessary comment! There’s no way I would bite! Just who do you think I am!? Aren’t I Emilia’s friend!? And nigh a Saintess!]

Rem: [Is it okay to treat the position of Saintess so lightly…?]

Rem’s murmurs were quite reasonable, as their impressions of Filóre were being tossed all about in a short time.

Be that as it may, the return of Tiga, who appeared to be someone from the Church involved in the matter, probably meant that the discussions at the Castle mentioned previously by Filóre had come to some sort of conclusion.

Tiga: [Indeed, it is so. That said, there’s much we must talk about amongst ourselves. Apologies, but I would like to ask you to leave for today.]

Subaru: [Are you serious, my friend ? Isn’t it so distant to have things such as secrets between us?]

Tiga: [Is laying everything bare a requirement for friendship? I’d rather be friends that are considerate about the essential points, and put in an effort together to maintain the relationship between them; how about you?]

Subaru: [It’s no good, I was cleverly rebuffed. Beako, be a sore loser.]

Beatrice: [Unlike with you, there are no such things as trivial secrets between Betty and Subaru, in fact.]

Rem: [That really was just being a sore loser.]

He had not seriously considered what defined a friend, but Tiga’s description had a certain level of persuasiveness, so he was at a disadvantage in continuing to persist.

Therefore, it seemed like they had no choice but to go along with Beatrice being a sore loser, who had understood Subaru’s intentions, and to obediently remove themselves.

Subaru: [Well, we learned a lot. I wasn’t sure until I met her, but for now it seems like Filóre had no intentions of throwing the Royal Selection into chaos.]

Emilia: [Yeah, Filóre is a good girl.]

Filóre: [Hear that, Tiga? That’s my friend.]

Tiga: [I get it, I get it. Thank you for being friends with our Filóre.]

He had wondered what they would do if she refused to detach herself and continued to cling to Emilia forever, but Filóre obediently released Emilia, and so they successfully extracted her without any incidents.

And then, standing next to Filóre in place of Emilia, as she returned to Subaru and the others, removing his hat and bowing elegantly, Tiga,

Tiga: [Thank you, and by the way, it’s not like I’m just chasing off Filóre’s friend and my friend . I have a piece of good news for you as well.]

Subaru: [Good news, for us? What?]

Tiga: [――The word is, that the slumbering Duchess Karsten has awakened.]

Subaru: [――Hk, Crusch-san has…?]

Naturally, Subaru leaned forward, asking for confirmation, and Tiga made a show of giving a fashionable nod. He felt like he had been tricked into giving the reaction that was anticipated of him.

However, he did not mind being tricked. Crusch’s awakening was certainly welcome news.

Subaru: [Emilia-tan, after this…]

Emilia: [Yes, of course. Let’s go visit her. I want to speak with Crusch-san, too.]

Filóre: [Well then, I’ll also tag along with Emilia and the others and――]

Tiga: [Filóre, you’re staying here. You’ll wait with me for Sakura and the rest to return.]

Tiga seized Filóre’s shoulder as she tried to slickly line up with them. Glaring resentfully at that hand of Tiga’s resting on her shoulder,

Filóre: […Isn’t it strange? After all, this is about Duchess Karsten, right? I have a duty to ascertain the results of the Sacrament. Indeed, a duty. How about it?]

Tiga: [In that case, it wouldn’t make sense if you didn’t also fulfill your duties as a bearer of the Sacrament. Of course, we shall go confirm Duchess Karsten’s condition. But later, as members of the Church.]

Filóre: [Ah, Emilia…]

Emilia: [No, it’s fine, Filóre. I’ll make sure to visit on your behalf, too.]

Filóre: [I’m not getting through!? Even though you’re my friend!?]

She had estimated her friend too highly.

In any case, although he felt bad for Filóre, his desire to verify Crusch’s safety weighed quite heavily on Subaru. That was exactly why he wished to leave right away.

Subaru: [Let’s talk again at another time . I’m glad I got to speak with you today. So, that’s it.]

Filóre: [How perfunctory! I’m not okay with… Mmhmmm mmhmmm-]

Tiga: [Allow me to handle this, and go on ahead!]

Restraining Filóre, who was still brimming with lingering attachments, Tiga assumed the role of a villain and saw them off with an excessively reassuring statement.

And so, despite their feelings of reluctance, Subaru and the others slipped away from the church.

Boy 1: [Aww, leaving already?] Boy 2: [How was Onee-chan? How was she?] Girl: [It didn’t go anywhere after all, huh? Good grief, she’s hopeless without us.]

And, as they left the church, the children who had been playing with Filóre saw them off. It was a rather scathing assessment, but it was accurate nonetheless.

In any case――,

Subaru: [――Wait for us, Crusch-san. There’s so much we want to talk to you about.]

Indeed, unable to contain his restless feelings, Subaru’s pace only quickened.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And so, after seeing off the fleeing Emilia Camp who had turned up there, Tiga released his restraint on Filóre.

Freed, Filóre staggered and placed both hands on the table, following the lingering vestiges of Emilia and the others, as she turned to scowl at Tiga.

Tiga: [What a look your eyes have. Is there something you want to say to me?]

Filóre: [Hate you…]

Tiga: [Don’t just say nasty words! It couldn’t be helped. There are things we must discuss, and the fact remains that Duchess Karsten has awakened.]

Filóre: [Hmph. The outstandingly sociable Tiga Rauleon-san wouldn’t understaaand.]

Turning away while pouting, Filóre then picked up her own untouched cup of tea from the table and took a sip.

The course of the conversation had unfolded so tumultuously that she truly did not have a single moment to drink her tea until now.

Tiga’s yellow eyes narrowed as he observed Filóre’s profile, but――,

Tiga: [Even so, of all people, it had to be Emilia-sama.]

Filóre: […What about her? No way, even you with the silver-haired half-elf stuff?]

Tiga: [There’s that too. However, it’s more than that. ――Filóre, the insignia?]

Asked this by Tiga, Filóre produced the insignia from her pocket after looking a bit embarrassed. When she opened her clasped hand, the crimson Dragon Gem’s light blossomed.

While gazing at that―― nay, while gazing at that light and the girl who had made it gleam, Filóre, he muttered.

That was――,

Tiga: [――We’re going to be busy from here on out. After all, we are a year and a half behind, huh.]

Translation Notes:

[1] – We have chosen to use the same translation for the term 聖女 here that we also used when it showed up in Arc 9 for the Saintess and the Valiant. We considered going with the more generic Saint, but given that we have very little context at this point for the term in either instance and how they may or may not be connected, and due to the fact that 聖女 is an exclusively feminine term (lit. holy woman ), we discarded the idea.

[2] – A yandere is a character trope where a character is obsessively in love with another, to the point of mental illness, which may result in violence.

--- Interlude: “――Why?” ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――When I discovered that flower bud, yet to blossom, in that courtyard, I unwittingly halted my feet.

It was a courtyard with blossoming flowers of all kinds and hues.

Regrettably, I was not very well-versed in the names or varieties of flowers, but I had heard that these were precious blossoms that had budded from seeds brought from all over the country.

That was how expansive and ornate this flower garden was. The gardeners entrusted with its care must have found their labor’s fruit worthwhile. The refinement of this flower garden was truly proof of such.

In all honesty, when I had first entered the courtyard, I did not harbor many expectations for its flower garden, brimming with color.

I was already deficient in the sensitivity to admire flowers, and did not bear much interest in the courtyard at my parents’ home. Even though I had been spoiled by my sympathetic father and allowed onto this land―― the Royal Castle of the Royal Capital Lugunica, I did not estimate myself so highly as to expect my inclusion in the discussions between responsible adults.

Thus, with no other choice, to kill time until the business of my father and the others had concluded, I stepped into the courtyard and was unwittingly bewitched by that flower bud.

???: [――――]

What lay before my amber gaze was a large bud with its head drooping.

Enclosed within it were petals with a faint tinge of red, and the reason for my captivation by the bud, yet to blossom, was because my own self, sojourned with an unescaping frustration, seemed to overlap with that flower bud―― was a rather poetic thought, and far too excess of an intoxication with myself.

But, it was true that I empathized with the flower bud, yet to bloom its marvel in the midst of a flowerbed blossoming with outsize flowers, their florescence proclaiming their enchanting allure till the very horizons.

――Just what is it that I am capable of, and what is it that is desired of me?

???: [I am…]

Blessed in my birth, blessed in my pedigree, blessed in talent: this conceit I did possess.

I also possessed something akin to a purpose that I must live up to fruits of outcome even greater than those that would correspond to my birth, my pedigree, my talent.

And finally, I possessed the self-awareness that this conceit and this purpose were fatally incompatible with my own desire.

???: [――――]

If I were to say it, then amidst the blossoms of flower seeds planted in that flower garden, I was the sole immature seed that remained a flower bud, fostering doubts for how to bloom.

The other seeds bore no doubt, no indecision, and discerned their domains, comprehended them, and implemented themselves fulfillingly.

And yet, I was――,

???: […Just, what kind of a flower will you blossom?]

I inquired so of the flower bud and sealed my breathing, met with silence incapable of responding. Enveloped in the sweet scent of the fragrant blooms, I failed to understand or be understood by even the flower bud with whom I had felt a camaraderie.

After all, what my insolent self wished for was not to blossom into a grand, enrapturing, and vivid flower, but rather to become a gigantic tree that would protect those flowers from wind and rain.

Yes, I found myself who bore this doomed desire to be a futile, comical existence――,

???: [Fuwagh!?]

――That moment, something fell onto the flowerbed of swaying buds, in the company of a terribly unseemly shriek.

???: [――Hk.]

I widened my eyes upon the abrupt happening, rendered immobile as though my feet were stitched to the ground.

Within my blank white mind, all thoughts suspended, resounded the delayed echo of an alarm bell warning of danger, and the plentitudes of mental preparation and first responses in such a circumstance.

But, before I could haul them out of the depths of my mind, the personage who had fallen onto the flowerbed before my eyes, nearly face-first, sprung himself upright,

???: [Koff kaff! Koffack! Ptui! Wh-What is that, mud? Mud!?]

Vocalizing so, whilst disheveling his beautiful, golden hair and blinking his eyes that were red as glimmering jewels, the young boy who had grandiosely smeared himself with soil crawled, crawled, and crawled himself out of the flowerbed.

That was――,

???: [Oh~, as expected of my eminent self… despite imagining it to be the end of the line by falling onto a paving stone head-first, it would seem my eminent self can shrug off even such predicaments with my natural fortune…]

――That was, my first reminiscence with the last Lion King.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Ah.]

A hoarse breath escapes me, and my consciousness returns to life.

My five senses begin to awaken, and a myriad of information is successively dispatched into my brain. ――In that moment, the most powerful beseechment to my mind and body is that of inescapable, vehement thirst.

???: [――――]

Thirst, yet it is not simply the mere thirst of the throat. Not enough. Not enough. Not enough. In every single conceivable place inside my body, there is not enough water. They are craving moisture, starving for hydration.

My nasal cavity that is the passageway for air and my throat are both thirsty, my gastric lining that digests food is thirsty, even upon blinking my eyeballs become thirsty, the veins that should be circulating blood throughout my whole body are thirsty, and my soul that beseeched this deficiency is thirsty.

Thirst. It is thirst. Thirst is eating to rot my lifeline.

???: [――Aegh, ah.]

My mouth is so thirsty, that my numb tongue is unable to enunciate a proper sound.

Wanting to do something about this thirst, I tried to call for someone. I can’t vocalize any voice. Rather than calling for someone, moving myself will be faster. ――No, I cannot even conceive of it. Like how someone who is drowning ends up drowning their rescuer by clinging to them, my mind has turned into a blank slate from the thirst.

My body, thirsted to its utmost, I beseech it from the top of my head to the ends of my feet and scrape together the meager strength that is left in my body and somehow try to upraise myself. I upraise myself. I try to stand up. I stand up. I try to walk. I start walking. I try to search. I search.

???: [――Ah.]

Desperate. I am desperate.

In my mind that is tyrannized by thirst, I admonish myself that this is my last chance.

If I halt my feet, if I slip and fall, if I make even a single error, I won’t be able to do the same thing again. I won’t be able to search. I won’t be able to walk. I won’t be able to stand up. I won’t be able to upraise myself.

I will sink in the deluge of this aimless, barren thirst, and never again, never again, never again――,

???: [――――]

With every fragment of strength in my frail body, I somehow push open the heavy door and exit outside. As I curse this thirst of my body that would verge on defeat by even the faintest of breezes, I compel my gaze to swivel.

My vision is bleary, difficult to see. Narrow. I immediately discern it is due to one of my eyes being covered. But, even before my vision is secured, a faint, fragrant aroma carried upon the breeze wafts to me.

Lured by it, I tilt my head to discover. ――A vase with amber and pink flowers arranged therein.

???: [――Hk.]

No time to think. I pounce at the vase, as though flopping onto it.

As though tearing at it, I extirpate the adorned flowers and tilt the vase in my grasp with both of my arms. And, as though showering in the water that was arranged for the flowers, I drink, drink, drink.

The spilled water traces the edges of my lips and my cheeks, dousing my nape, drenching even my black nightgown. I don’t mind. In a violent fit of coughing, I discard the vase, and the sound of shattering porcelain reverberates.

???: [Eough, eough…]

I violently wipe my mouth with the back of my hand, and turn around. Vases are set in the corridor at even intervals. I approach one with greater strength regained in my feet, throw the flowers aside, and gulp down the water. Toss away the vase. And again I make for the next vase.

Repeating this twice, thrice, pouring water onto my parched body, whilst retrieving my own existence from the thirst, I once again make for the next vase――,

???: [――You musn’t!]

Accompanied by a piercing call, my wrist is seized and I turn backward.

The one gripping my wrist, frozen in place with eyes dilated, restraining me is an aged, white-haired butler―― before I could haul out the memories of who he was, submerged in thirst as they were, a mired, violent emotion overspills from me.

???: [Let me go!]

My right arm apprehended, I swing my left hand and clobber the opponent’s body with all my might.

I literally hold nothing back. I attack to smash his bones or cleave his flesh, but the aged butler effortlessly parries this with another hand and brings it to a close with both sides unscathed.

Physique, ability, experience, I could discern a sprawling plethora of reasons for it. ――But, I won’t stop.

???: [Let me go! Let me go~! Let me go this instant…!]

A strike for each word; for each swing of the arm I am reminded of how to swing, my precision augmenting.

However, no matter how sharp my fingertips are as they rend through the wind, the aged butler defends against them without a modicum of trouble. I can gradually feel the creeping shivers of thirst seeming to crawl up from beneath my feet.

???: [I’m begging you, please let me go! My throat… is parched… I’m thirsty… so thirsty, so thirsty, so thirsty so thirsty so thirsty, I can’t tolerate it… hk.]

???: [Please calm down and compose yourself. I will provide you with water right away. To add to that, you mustn’t walk barefoot. You must receive treatment.]

???: [Water… rea… lly? You have… water…?]

???: [I do. I shall bring it immediately. But before that, please receive treatment.]

The vigor that wrings my body in desperation steadily dissipates at the aged butler’s entreaty.

The thirst yet subsists. The thirst is marginally better than what I had experienced right upon waking up. If he has the water to cure that thirst, then I am glad. It’s a huge help. I’m very grateful.

???: [Treatment…]

As my body gradually relaxes its strength, I incidentally cast my gaze downward upon that incongruous word.

I look to discover that by the aged butler’s and my own feet, are bestrewed red vestiges left on the carpet lying on the corridor. They start midway through the corridor and terminate below my feet. ――It’s blood. I didn’t take notice, but I must have stepped upon the broken shards of the smashed vases, and drenched the corridor with bloodstains, it would seem.

What I had trampled underfoot was not just the shards, but also the flowers I had thrown aside from those vases. The trampled, scattered petals meld with the efflux of blood, painting dreadfully foul, mottled patterns.

Dreadfully, foul, mottled patterns. ――In that moment, ominous black mottled patches flash through my mind.

???: [――Aa, AAA, AAAAA!!]

My slender throat howls a screech, writhing in agony.

He must have let his guard down, as I was seeming to calm down for a moment. The aged butler’s restraint unfastens in reaction, and I flail my liberated arms to rend my drenched nightgown, to inspect my body.

Coiling bandages, and pallid, wearied skin bereft of color―― the parts those bandages are concealing, repulsive black patches drape over my entire frame, cursing this body with toxic venom.

???: [NOOO, FERRIS! FERRIS!! WHERE!? WHERE ARE YOU!?]

The wailing screams escape from me, as my own body seems to me something so unsalvageably defiled.

I don’t want to rip off the bandages and witness what lies underneath. The ugly black patches concealed beneath the dressings, I don’t want them on my body for even a second longer.

I don’t want to look at them.

I don’t want to touch them.

I don’t want to come close to them.

I don’t want to be defiled.

I would rather, just die――,

???: [――Crusch-sama!]

This ugly, repulsive body of mine is captured by two slender arms from behind.

They do not pinion me. They have not come attempting to stop me with any such physical technique. I am only being embraced by those arms wrapping around me from my back, purely by force and impulse.

If I wanted to shake free from them, I could. But, not an iota of such intent surfaces within my mind.

My body is simply, as I entrust it, faintly enveloped in a fleeting, radiating blue light.

???: [It’s alright, I am right here. I am here, right next to Crusch-sama…]

???: [Ferr… is…]

Ferris: [Yes, yes, hk. That’s right. It’s Ferris.]

The arms coiled around my body tighten their embrace, yet I feel neither ache nor fear.

When I take notice, I have already collapsed at that spot, sitting slumped upon the floor. Naturally, the person hugging me―― Ferris, has also sunk to the floor of the corridor with me.

I incline my head to peer, and right there is the lovable boy’s face, close enough for our breaths to intertwine. His round pupils quivering in tears, as he is earnestly endeavoring to not let his facial expression collapse, he appears so very beloved and gallant.

In natural spontaneity, the sense of rejection toward all things which brims inside my body dispels.

???: […But, I am scared. I am still scared. My… body… those black mottled patches… are still…]

???: [Crusch-sama, if you are concerned about that matter, then that has already been――]

Ferris: [――Wil-jii.]

As the aged butler is about to say something, Ferris calls him so and cuts him off. Upon sustaining Ferris’s glance, Wilhelm―― yes, Wilhelm. He’s Wilhelm. The aged butler is Wilhelm, is the Sword Demon, is a preeminent swordsman, is a dependable person.

Wilhelm at my front, Ferris at my back; I am interposed between them.

???: [I… am…]

Ferris: [Please listen, Crusch-sama. You need not worry about your body. ――Please excuse me.]

???: [――Ah.]

As he embraces my trembling, racking body, soothing my faltering gaze, Ferris’s hand slowly begins to unravel the wrapped bandages. I can only gasp at his tender yet terrifying action, unable to do anything but view as those dressings slowly come undone.

The frayed nightgown that I had rended from the neck to the breast with my own hands, the skin peeking from its gaps comes bare and unconcealed―― absent from there are the patches I had feared, as my eyes begin to widen.

???: [Eh…]

Ferris: [It is not only here. From your arms, your shoulders, your legs… the patches have been removed.]

Whilst pronouncing so, Ferris unwraps the bandaging on my collar as well, and elevates my arm as I stand stunned. While it does seem parched, desolate from the thirst, all traces of those black mottled patches have disappeared from my arm.

And at last, I notice. ――That torment, as though cauterizing my body, as though boiling, scalding water torrenting throughout my entire body, has come to cease without my awareness.

The thirst, persists. Its remnants are yet there.

However, that is the thirst which craves for life that my body is seeking after having broken free from that torment.

???: [Ferris… that curse… did you? From my body…]

Ferris: [――――]

The leeway to reflect upon myself is birthed in my heart, as my mind finally arrives at it.

Whilst I continued to rot in that torment, every morning, every evening, every day, Ferris had devoted his power to exhaustion in order to heal it, in full intrepidity and sincerity.

His wish has borne fruit, and he has rescued me from that prison of anguish――,

Ferris: [――No, that’s incorrect. I was… unable to do anything.]

However, those questions and anticipations are repudiated by none other than Ferris himself.

Shaking his head, disappointment sojourning in his yellow pupils―― imbued with a deep dye of dejection and despondency toward himself, he gently touches my arm from which those patches have vanished as I swallow my breath, watching his lips quiver in trepidation.

He wavers to voice what he must, resolves himself, then wavers yet again, repeating this cycle a number of times, before Ferris finally commits to his determination and vocalizes it.

That being――,

Ferris: [In order to heal your body, Crusch-sama, we turned to the cooperation of the Church of the Divine Dragon.]

???: […Huh.]

Ferris: [A girl who named herself as a Saintess of the Church lent us her strength. I was… unable to aid you, Crusch-sama… I’m truly, very sorry.]

With enough tears to fill a cup in his eyes, Ferris speaks with a quavering voice, to which I am rendered voiceless.

Steadily, my brain, released from the agony, progressively being liberated from the mighty thirst, comprehends the significance of the words he has spoken.

The Church of the Divine Dragon―― it is an organization that harbors deep, profound faith in the existence and grace of the Divine Dragon who has protected the Kingdom of Lugunica since antiquity, and lends assistance in maintaining peace and calm for the citizens of the Kingdom.

Forbidden from involving itself in the body politic for the purpose of prohibiting their actions from carrying too much influence, the Church of the Divine Dragon’s faith and fidelity, whilst agreeable as a legitimate and splendid thing, to the contrary is something we couldn’t easily recognize―― for the being that the Church of the Divine Dragon esteems to the utmost, and our way of being, are fully irreconcilable with one another.

???: [――The Dragon.]

The Church of the Divine Dragon follows and proffers gratitude toward the Covenant formed between the Kingdom and the Divine Dragon. ――That is to say, the preservation of the Covenant is the first priority for the Kingdom’s prosperity above all else for them, and the members of the Royal Family who were lost to an inordinately unmerciful blight have been regarded as cogs for the Covenant, the same philosophy as the Kingdom.

――With the same values that disposed his death, the death of Fourier Lugunica, as merely an act of nature.

???: [――Hk.]

A chill creeps up through me, the surge of formless emotions bayonet my chest, I feel nauseous.

The thoughts, images, sentiments surfacing in my mind all give a chaotic stimulus to my five senses, light kindles my hearing, odor kindles my vision, ache kindles my taste, voice kindles my touch, taste kindles my smell, things that ought not originally have connection join forces and crusade upon me.

――Why, did that name come forth?

――Why, did that smile emerge in my mind?

――Why, did his voice resound in my ears?

――Why, did I feel that face from those reminiscences?

――Why, did I remember the taste of the blood and tears that grieved his death?

――Why, did Crusch Karsten, remember Fourier Lugunica?

Crusch: [――Ah.]

A sensation of revival.

The loss and purpose, the loving affection and sorrow, the rage and joy, the warmth and glacial cold. ――That person, eternally estranged and forever distant, the pleasant recollections and unpleasant attachments of him coalesce together, meld together.

But… I am… lethally aware… of one thing.

Crusch: [――The Royal Selection.]

A note spills from my trembling lips, to which Ferris’s shoulders shudder, and even Wilhelm, whose face I can’t see, I can tell firmly stiffens his body.

We are irreconcilable with the Church of the Divine Dragon. Never, could we reconcile with one another.

It is nobody but ourselves who chose, determined, and declared that we could never keep pace, or view the same sights together with them.

And yet, if you’re saying I was saved by one whose power we absolutely must never borrow.

Crusch: [Ferris――]

Ferris: [――Yes.]

When I call his name, Ferris’s voice bears no tremors.

Giving a short bow, his gaze straightforward, forging a resilient expression, he does not avert his eyes. His yellow eyes tell that, regardless of what he may be told now, he has made this choice and has resolved himself for it.

Crusch: [――――]

I must say it to him.

I know his reasons. For why he had no other choice but to select that option.

I know it was to save nobody else, but myself.

Just what days of anguish must he have endured as he remained by my side as I continued to rot, every morning, every evening, every day.

Unable to save what he wished to save, with how much powerlessness of his healing hands had he been forced to contend; I had seen it up close, from the closest of distances, with my own eyes, and that’s why.

That’s why, I must say it to him.

“I’m so sorry for making you worry. I understand what you must be feeling.”

Crusch: [――――]

That’s why, I must say it to him.

“I forced you to take a bitter decision. But, its responsibility rests upon me.”

Crusch: [――――]

That’s why, I must say it to him.

“Please don’t lament. It is thanks to you that I am in this condition at this moment.”

Crusch: [――――]

I must say it.

I must say it. I must say it. I must say it. I must say it. I must say it. I must say it I must say it I must say it I must say it I must say it I must say it I must say it I must say it I must say it say it say it say it say it say it say it say it say it say it say it say it――,

Crusch: [――Why?]

As though cascading forth, this spills out. This.

This, completely dissimilar in warmth and texture from the words I thought I must say.

Crusch: [Shouldn’t you, have known?]

Stop it, stop it right this instant. Shut your mouth, close your eyes, and lacquer your consciousness.

The things before your eyes, everything that has transpired, the choices that were made, avert your eyes from all of them, forget all of them, defy all of them.

Crusch: [Ferris, you alone, were supposed to be the same as me, and yet.]

I must not say it. I must not let him hear it. I must not let him learn it.

After all, he tried to save me. After all, he devoted his prayers for me. After all, all he did was wish to remove the suffering of what he loves.

That’s why, I must not say it.

Crusch: [――Why?]

I must not.

Crusch: [Why, did you betray our vow to Prince Fourier?]

――That I would have rather died, than betray that person.

--- Chapter 8: The Consequences of a Choice ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――We cannot thank you enough for your continued concern for our household.]

???: [No, it’s only natural. It’s not something you should be thanking us for.]

Saying so, with feelings of great embarrassment from the hospitality shown by the individual who had served him tea―― in response to these words of Wilhelm’s, Subaru hurriedly shook both of Beatrice’s arms, who sat upon his lap.

As she stared intently at that behavior of Subaru’s, his state of anxiety was probably conveyed to Beatrice through his heartbeat against her back. She sighed as if she had no other choice, continuing to act as Subaru’s puppet.

――Presently, having concluded their meeting with Filóre, who had thrown the Royal Selection into a maelstrom of chaos, upon hearing the news of Crusch’s awakening from the Church of the Divine Dragon, Subaru and company had been unable to contain themselves, and thus headed directly for the Karsten residence in the Noble District.

Of course, if they were to conform to proper etiquette, it would have been necessary to schedule an appointment before visiting. However, despite forgetting even that and their visit not receiving a single mark in regards to high society’s standards, they still were warmly received.

Wilhelm had ushered them into a parlor, and the four of them sat side-by-side on a couch (with Beatrice on Subaru’s lap) as they impatiently waited for the arrival of that moment.

Likely noticing Subaru’s air of restlessness, Wilhelm, bowing deeply,

Wilhelm: [It shall take just a bit more time for Crusch-sama to be ready. My heartfelt apologies.]

Subaru: [No, no, we’re the ones who came here so suddenly. If anything, I’m just grateful we weren’t turned away.]

Wilhelm: [As if we could turn you away. Crusch-sama, too, was most pleased to have you and Emilia-sama come to visit, Subaru-dono.]

Subaru: [No, no, no, when it comes to that it’s the other way around, or perhaps I should say it might be the other way around. I might even cry when I see Crusch-san awake…]

As pathetic as it sounded, there was a very real possibility that such would come to pass, so he hoped that Wilhelm, Emilia, and the rest would be able to prepare themselves in advance for that.

At present, all he could do to endure his restless thoughts was shake Beatrice’s arms back and forth coinciding with each “No” he would give in response to Wilhelm.

Beatrice: [But, no matter how you look at it, you’re swinging Betty’s arms around way too much, in fact! That’s enough, these arms and shoulders are getting sore, I suppose!]

Subaru: [Guh… sorry, my bad, excuse me, I just can’t calm myself down. After all…]

Beatrice, who had been acting as Subaru’s calming doll, finally reached the limits of her patience and barked at him. Poking at Beatrice’s cheek, Subaru paused there for a moment.

Vexing, restless feelings filled his mind. However, it was worth bearing with them.

Subaru: [After all, Crusch-san is…]

Wilhelm: [――Indeed. Regarding that, there is no doubt.]

Filled with a torrent of emotions, Subaru sighed, to which Wilhelm assented with equally profound sentiments. ――No, to call them equal would be far too impudent.

Wilhelm’s relief must have been many times, many dozens of times, greater than Subaru’s. The recovery of the one to whom he had sworn to devote his fealty: that alone would be a colossal occurrence.

Emilia: [I’ve said it many times already, Wilhelm-san, but I’m truly grateful.]

Indeed, it was Emilia, seated next to Subaru, who once again showed her appreciation for the efforts of Wilhelm.

Emilia, who had been present when Filóre had administered the Sacrament of the Church to treat Crusch, had also shown her appreciation for Wilhelm and Ferris that same day. In spite of that, since Crusch’s consciousness had not returned after that, now having the opportunity to speak with the awakened Crusch, Emilia’s amethyst eyes shone with anticipation yet again.

Beatrice: [Good grief, at this point, what careless blunders you two might make are frightening, in fact. Rem, if you and Betty don’t stay on guard here, this may well end up as a disaster, I suppose.]

Rem: [I agree. Leave it to me when things go too far. I’m slowly getting used to the handling and weight of this iron ball, bit by bit.]

Amidst Subaru’s and Emilia’s inability to calm down, Beatrice and Rem kept their composure as visitors of one in recovery; it was exceedingly reassuring to know that the two of them were prepared for when it would matter most, but the slight movements of Rem, combined with the sound of chains, were also frightening and exciting.

It seemed like Subaru would also need to wield considerable resolve when asking Rem for support.

Subaru: [Oh yeah, speaking of supporting , what about Ferris? Is he helping Crusch-san with her change of clothes? There are a number of things I want to talk to him about, too.]

Suddenly realizing that the visage of one who ought to have been present could not be found, Subaru had such suspicions.

Subaru, Wilhelm, and the rest had the unanticipated joy of Crusch’s recovery. However, the one who must have been experiencing that the strongest of all would have been none other than Crusch’s one and only Knight.

Of course, it surely was also a terribly bitter feeling for him, that despite being a healer, Crusch’s salvation came via the Church of the Divine Dragon, but Subaru held no doubt that Ferris was the sort of person who would rejoice in the well-being of Crusch more than wallow in his own reproachful feelings, born of his sense of powerlessness.

However――,

Wilhelm: [――――]

Subaru: [――? Wilhelm-san?]

For but an instant, Wilhelm’s face stiffened, and in response, Subaru raised an eyebrow in confusion. Yet, Wilhelm swiftly rebuffed that tension with a “Pardon me”, saying,

Wilhelm: [Ferris, well… in truth, he is feeling a bit unwell. It would seem that, immediately following that which transpired regarding Crusch-sama’s health, every bit of the anxiety he had been bearing until that point erupted all at once.]

Emilia: [Oh no, did something happen after that…? I’m worried for Ferris. Even though Crusch-san was finally able to wake up, Ferris might blame himself for falling ill.]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s true. Wilhelm-san, is Ferris in bad shape?]

Wilhelm: […No, things should improve with some rest. Nevertheless, I would ask that you refrain from visiting him for now. I believe that he himself would not wish to interfere with the feelings of everyone who has come to visit Crusch-sama.]

Emilia: [I don’t think it would be interfering, but… yes, I understand. We’ll do it next time.]

If it was not one thing, it was another, but if it was truly as Wilhelm had said, then Emilia would nod in assent with his suggestion, and Subaru would also be in agreement with that.

They also planned to sojourn in the Royal Capital a while longer. Even if they were to miss him today, there would be another opportunity to thank Ferris. For now, his wishes ought to be respected. ――And, it was just as they caught their breath in that moment.

???: [――I am terribly sorry to have kept you waiting.]

Witnessing the individual who had opened the parlor door and spoken so, Subaru rose to his feet in spite of himself.

Appearing there, at the entrance to the room, was a beautiful woman clad in a dark nightgown and pink shawl, with a well-proportioned and slender build, and her distinctive green hair―― that person was Crusch Karsten.

Subaru: [――――]

The last time he had seen her, Crusch had been gasping in agony, in a state where it was excruciating to even lift herself out of her bed. He was overflowing with profound emotion and joy beyond all expectations that she was standing on her own two feet, appearing before Subaru and everyone else in this manner.

However, as she looked at Subaru with an ephemeral smile upon her lips, half of her face was still wrapped in a bandage that covered her left eye, and that was what invariably caught his attention initially――,

Crusch: [Please rest assured. This bandage is only here as I still am having a bit of difficulty seeing out of one eye, but the majority of the abnormality… no, the abnormality has been eliminated.]

Subaru: [Ah…]

Crusch: [Thus, please do not look so forlorn.]

Upon being told this, Subaru, the one who ought to have come to visit her, had instead regretted making her worry over him.

He had been taken aback that the bandages covering her face still remained, but even more remarkable than that was the fact that Crusch had come to see Subaru and the others, standing on her own accord.

Crusch’s condition had been so grave, that it had seemed an absurd tribulation.

Subaru: [――――]

Crusch: [――Subaru-sama?]

Suddenly, seeing Subaru sink into silence, Crusch, who had been smiling, narrowed her amber eye. Being stared at by only one of the pair, Subaru chose his words with caution.

After all, if he erred in even a single word or breath, it felt like all of his self-restraint would spill over, as if drops of water, then and there.

Subaru: […Say, Crusch-san. I had a lot of things, truly a lot, that I wanted to say, and most of them were things like “I’m sorry”, or “It was my fault”, just those sorts of words of apology alone.]

Crusch: [――. Yes.]

Subaru: [But, seeing you in person like this, Crusch-san, all that will come up is stuff like “Thank goodness”, or “I’m so relieved”, just those sorts of things. I’m so, so relieved…]

As a visitor to a sickbed, he should have prepared the perfect things to say in advance.

While on the way to visit the mansion in this situation, and during the period of time in which he had waited, he had been frantically simulating the best words of sympathy he could think of in his mind, and he had thought he had narrowed it down to the best option.

And yet, all of that had vanished the moment he had encountered the real Crusch, and what came to him was naught but a sense of relief, like that of a child, infantile and incoherent.

Crusch: [――――]

In response to the words of Subaru’s pathetic self-admission being wrung out, Crusch’s eye widened for a split second, before she immediately regained the gentle smile upon her lips once more.

Crusch: [I am also relieved to hear you say so. I have shown my unsightly side to you so often, Subaru-sama, that I wondered whether I might soon exhaust all fondness you may have for me.]

Subaru: [Of course not! Never, never, there is no way that ever would happen! I mean, I shouldn’t keep someone who’s in recovery standing as we talk. Umm, please take a seat.]

Crusch: [Hehe, then allow me to do so.]

Despite his panicked pace being thrown off, Subaru offered her the chair before her, and giggling with a hand covering her mouth, Crusch followed her escort. Somehow, Subaru had ended up making the arrangements, but since it was the other person’s abode, it was only natural that it made her laugh.

Subaru, whose speech had become hopelessly awkward, while watching as Crusch sat down with Wilhelm’s assistance, gazing reproachfully at Emilia and the others right next to him,

Subaru: [Hey, isn’t it unfair that I’m the only one scurrying around? Why am I being made to do all this, huh?]

Emilia: [That’s because Subaru was the one worried the most about Crusch-san, right? That’s why I thought you might want to be the first to talk.]

Rem: [As for me, I’m not in a position to intrude presently. Besides, there is the matter of what happened to Beatrice-chan as well.]

Subaru: [What happened to Beako… huh? Why is Beako on Rem’s lap? Weren’t you sitting on my lap?]

Beatrice: [That was the case, but getting blown away was the result of Subaru’s force when he stood up, in fact! If Rem hadn’t caught her so adeptly, being sprawled out in the middle of the room right now would be probable, I suppose!]

Subaru: [I-is that so? My bad. You were, quite literally, out of sight…]

Beatrice: [What an awful way of putting it, in fact!]

Puffing out her cheeks, Beatrice obstinately hugged Rem. Leaving it to Rem, who readily accepted that embrace, Subaru also reflected on how he had been too oblivious to his surroundings.

And, hearing that exchange between Subaru and the others, Crusch’s smile further deepened with a “Hehe”. To that reaction of Crusch’s, Emilia, narrowing her amethyst eyes,

Emilia: [I apologize for everyone being so lively when we came here to visit you.]

Crusch: [No, I cannot say I mind such liveliness. Besides, the fact that you came to visit me as soon as you heard the news… it made me happy.]

Emilia: [In that case, it’s no problem… Ah, but, I’ll make sure they don’t frolic too much.]

Concerned about Crusch’s health, Emilia appended a comment very typical of her at the end.

One could perceive the consideration there, and the intent to carefully choose her words. In spite of the setting, Emilia’s clear growth was apparent.

Of course, it would not be a good idea to take Crusch’s words too much at face value, but――,

Subaru: [How is your body feeling?]

Crusch: [Indeed. It is much better. It will likely take a while longer to recover my strength, but I do not foresee any major problems.]

Replying like that, Crusch readjusted the position of the shawl draped upon her shoulders. Her complexion was still a bit pale, as one would expect from someone recovering from illness, but her responses were natural, and her sagacity had not dimmed.

From what he could see, the manner in which she walked and such was normal, and aside from the bandage covering her left eye, there seemed to be no vestiges of that day remaining upon her. For the time being, he could breathe a sigh of relief.

Although――,

Crusch: [I have been informed of what has happened while I was bedridden… Including the news that Priscilla-sama has passed away.]

If that sagacity was still alive and well, then Crusch surely comprehended that this was also not a situation where she could simply unreservedly rejoice in the rehabilitation of her own health.

Subaru & Company: [――――]

Despite knowing it was an unavoidable topic, it had seemed inappropriate to broach it so soon. When none other than Crusch herself brought it up, the faces of Subaru’s group tensed.

On this occasion, he wished to congratulate Crusch on her recovery, and if possible, table the in-depth discussions regarding the Royal Selection for another time―― it appeared she desired no such consolation.

Crusch: [As far as I can recollect, I hardly exchanged a single word with Priscilla-sama. However, that she held her own convictions, and that she participated in the battle for Pristella… and by extension, the Royal Selection, of this there can be no doubt. It is for that very reason, that we must continue the Royal Selection for her, as well.]

Emilia: [――. Yes, I thought the same. For Priscilla’s sake, we can’t stay discouraged forever. That’s what I think.]

Crusch: [That is right. Good. You also think so too, Emilia-sama.]

Breathing a sigh of relief before the nodding Emilia, Crusch took a sip from her cup of black tea. Wetting her lips and tongue with it, she stared at her with the amber radiance of only her right eye, and continuing her words with “In that case”,

Crusch: [I believe you would assent to the fact that, presently, that which should be of most consequence is the stability of the Kingdom. The deeds of the Witch Cult are certainly a matter of great regret with respect to the Royal Selection, but to spare too much time dealing with such countermeasures would be misguided, considering the original notion of the Royal Selection.]

Emilia: [Mmm, I get that too. The Royal Selection is to decide the future of the Kingdom, not to do something about the Witch Cult. That’s what you mean, right?]

Crusch: [Yes, that is correct. Certainly, handling such things is indeed a matter that ought to be dealt with by those who govern, but us putting it foremost is precisely what they desire. We all must remember this. Our duty in the Royal Selection itself.]

Emilia: [In that case, Felt-chan is also in the Royal Capital. It doesn’t seem like Anastasia-san has been able to return yet, but if you would like to discuss it all together, I’d be happy to――]

Interrupting Emilia mid-sentence with “――In addition”, Crusch leaned forward slightly. For an instant, Emilia felt as if the blade of a drawn sword had been trained upon her, and her eyes widened.

Ignoring that reaction from Emilia, as the light in Crusch’s amber eye grew all the more intense,

Crusch: [I have heard. The Tower of the Sage… the path to the Pleiades Watchtower has been cleared. I am impressed with the results you have achieved. If that Tower holds a hidden power as rumored, it will surely serve as a deterrent to the other countries. We, alongside the Council of Wise Men, must carefully discuss how to deal with this.]

Emilia: [Crusch-san…]

Crusch: [The crucial Dragonkindling Ceremony… the deadline for elections to decide the next Monarch is less than a year and a half away. From this point forward, the merits of each camp’s contentions will be questioned even more. Now, more than ever, we must observe the faces of those around us, and lend an ear to their voices.]

Emilia: [Wait a minute, Crusch-san, I want to talk with you. Don’t be in such a hurry. Right now――]

Crusch: [――I!]

Emilia: [――Hk.]

Crusch’s words overflowed incessantly without pause, and the instant Emilia tried to constrain that torrent with her own feelings, a powerful voice tore through the parlor.

The cup of black tea in Crusch’s grasp was violently returned to its saucer, tea spilling alongside a shrill sound. Wilhelm took Crusch’s hand at once, put a handkerchief over the hand of his lord that had been doused in tea, and then immediately cleared away the cup.

Meanwhile, Crusch, who simply allowed that to happen, never took her eye off of Subaru and the others, not even for a single instant.

Without averting her gaze, her thin lips trembling,

Crusch: [I… am I wrong…?]

Emilia: [――――]

Her tone, which had been imbued with a resolute intelligence until just a moment prior, fell into disarray, her question drenched in tears.

In reality, there were no tears welling up in Crusch’s eye. However, her voice was crying. The vastness of that discrepancy between logic and emotion brutally hewed Subaru’s heart to pieces.

She understood. Crusch understood.

She was sagacious, possessed great knowledge, and diligently worked to continually confront numerous duties and challenges, so it hardly mattered whether Subaru or the others chose their words carefully or not.

That the way she had been saved, had not befitted the Monarch she yearned to be; she understood.

Subaru: […That’s… such a stupid thing to say.]

Gritting his molars, Subaru reflected on the conviction that had been born within himself, by himself.

Absurd; he could not help but consider it a truly absurd thing to say. To say that the way she had been saved was wrong, was as if to say that it would have been better for Crusch to continue suffering under the malice of Lust, even now.

What a stupid thing to say. Why would one as admirable as Crusch relinquish their dreams and ambitions on account of the actions of a gang of clowns such as the Witch Cult?

It had been irrational suffering. It had been an absurdity for which there was no reason to experience.

Just what should be said if one were to be rescued from such a place by the warmth of another? Thank you for saving me. I will remember this gratitude and will endeavor to the utmost from here on. ――Was that not enough?

Subaru: [――There’s nothing wrong with it.]

Emotions, alongside a futile fury, boiled up within his heart.

As if given a push by this, Subaru once again found himself on his feet, firmly gripping Crusch’s hands across the low table.

Those unseemly black mottled patches no longer existed upon Crusch’s pale fingers from which the handkerchief had fallen. This was Crusch’s original hand, which none had the right to defile.

Crusch: [Subaru… sama.]

Subaru: [There is nothing wrong with it. Like hell it’s wrong. Let’s do the Royal Selection properly. Let’s talk properly, let’s think properly, and let’s all compete properly. I’ll do whatever it takes.]

It was a statement he made knowing full well he would be scolded and cursed at for once again making a promise without thinking it through.

They were an opposing camp. Anyone would likely think it to be a massive boon for Emilia if a powerful rival such as Crusch were to just drop out of the Royal Selection like this.

Subaru: [But that’s wrong. It’s not true. We all want to make our own person the Monarch, but that’s not how the Royal Selection we all wanted to hold should be settled.]

Crusch: [――――]

Subaru: [So, Crusch-san, there’s nothing wrong with it.]

As to whether or not he had properly connected those sentences with “so”, he lacked the self-confidence in himself to know for sure.

However, even though Crusch was slightly daunted by the vigor of that uncertain Subaru, she let out a sigh, as if some tension somewhere had loosened.

Emilia: [Geez, Subaru, you just let it all out, so you said pretty much everything I wanted to say before I even could. That’s not fair.]

And, perhaps perceiving a shift in Crusch’s mood, Emilia, still sitting on the sofa, pouted as she chided Subaru’s behavior.

Instantly, just as he had become heated all on his own, Subaru’s ears began to heat up as well.

And then, scolding himself as hopeless, Subaru hurriedly tried to return to his original position――,

Crusch: [――. Subaru-sama, your hand is…]

Subaru: [Huh? My hand?]

With that pointed out, Subaru peered down at his hand which had grasped Crusch’s own a moment ago.

Now that she mentioned it, he wondered if perhaps she was warning him about his staggering audacity, but that was not it. Crusch’s amber eye, paying no heed to that audacity of Subaru’s, was,

Crusch: [Subaru-sama, your hand. It was just like my body… it cannot be, did Subaru-sama’s hand also receive the power of the Church of the Divine Dragon?]

Subaru: [Ah, no, it was more violent, or rather, the result of it going “bam”, but I don’t know the exact details of how it happened, so it’s quite the scary story.]

In truth, Subaru’s hand had now returned to its original skin tone, but the particulars of how that came to be were quite violent, something no one could be allowed to imitate.

To put it plainly, it was burned, blown off, and regenerated. ――Currently, his leg was in the same state, but he did not feel like trying to test burning and blowing it off to regenerate it.

Crusch: [――ir.]

Subaru: [――――]

Reflecting on that radical treatment while opening and closing his hand, Subaru suddenly thought that he heard a faint murmur, and unconsciously caught his breath.

He blinked his eyes, looking at Crusch before him. He possessed a feeling of “Impossible, there’s no way”.

Emilia: [Crusch-san, first take some time to let your body rest. After that, just like Subaru said, I will do whatever I can.]

Crusch: […Thank you very much. You might regret that, you know?]

Emilia: [The me of today, intends to be better than the me of the past at distinguishing between regrets I should have, and those I should not.]

And yet, the unease and misgivings that had poured into Subaru were brushed aside by the conversation typical of fellow Royal Candidates, exchanged between Emilia and Crusch as they brushed him off.

In reality, Subaru and Emilia’s proposal was nothing more than sending salt to the enemy, but even if they were to ignore it and win against Crusch, they could never be sincerely happy about it. [1]

Therefore, this proposal and determination were consistent with the wishes of the Emilia Camp.

Crusch: [――Fuah]

Following that exchange, Crusch let out a sigh oozing with fatigue.

She was recovering from her ailment, her strength had not yet returned, and some moments had become emotional. It could be said that this had been more than enough of a marathon for Crusch’s stamina.

Rem: [It is time for us to take our leave. Emilia-san.]

Emilia: [Right. Thank you for seeing us, even though you’re reaaally tired and you’ve been having a rough time.]

Crusch: [No, for my part, I apologize for not being able to provide further hospitality. Wilhelm, would you please see everyone out?]

At Rem’s urging, Emilia brought the meeting to a close, and in front of her, the smiling Crusch asked that of Wilhelm. Bowing, Wilhelm accepted, and as Subaru and the others prepared to leave, Crusch also rose to see them off.

And then――,

Crusch: [Thank you very much for today. It was a pleasure to be able to meet with you.]

Subaru: [――――]

While apologizing for her rudeness in seeing them off then and there, Crusch addressed Subaru and the rest as such.

For a moment, Subaru hesitated, wondering what words to say――,

Wilhelm: [――Subaru-dono, allow me to see you off.]

As if perceiving that sensation, Wilhelm interrupted it.

Wilhelm: [My deepest apologies for earlier.]

Having left the parlor, en route to the entrance of the mansion, Wilhelm began to speak as he led the way. At those words, Subaru, holding Beatrice’s hand, widening his eyes as he said “I knew it”,

Subaru: [I noticed you stopped me at the end there… But, I didn’t even know what I was going to say there myself.]

Wilhelm: [Even so, I went too far in cutting off the words of a guest. It was wholly out of concern for Crusch-sama, but I apologize for my rudeness.]

Subaru: […So you’ve noticed it too, Wilhelm-san. Crusch-san, that state she’s in…]

Wilhelm: [Certainly, she is far from her normal condition, and she will need to rest for a while longer. However, even if both her body and mind are restored…]

Casting down his eyes, Wilhelm put nothing further into words. However, Subaru could roughly surmise what would have followed, that which he did not utter.

No one dared to clearly state it then. But, it was none other than Crusch who felt it most acutely, and for that reason had such fervent emotions spilled out.

Besides――,

Emilia: [Ferris must be frustrated, too. I’m sure he wants to be by Crusch-san’s side and support her more than anything right now, and yet his body won’t obey him.]

While peering back toward the parlor she had just left, Emilia also let some of her concern spill out. At Emilia’s words, Wilhelm, walking ahead of her, faintly cleared his throat.

Then, without stopping, calling out “Emilia-sama” in a feeble tone,

Wilhelm: [Earlier, I told you a lie.]

Emilia: [Huh? A lie?]

Wilhelm: [Indeed. ――Regarding Ferris.]

Subaru and the others exchanged glances with each other when they heard the name and words conveyed to them.

A lie regarding Ferris, that was what Wilhelm had uttered. He had explained that Ferris had fallen ill, and was in the midst of recovering, but――,

Subaru: [Hold up, that’s odd. In the first place, Ferris’s health can’t deteriorate, can it?]

Rem: [No matter how you put it… this isn’t that Reinhard-san we are talking about.]

Subaru: [Of course, Reinhard is exceptional as well, but Ferris is also someone exceptional in this sense.]

Setting aside Reinhard, the most surprising human in all the land, who could fly through the sky while carrying a dragon carriage, Ferris was a healer―― moreover, he was the holder of the title of the Blue, professing to be at the highest level within the Kingdom.

Subaru had previously witnessed Ferris be engulfed in a suicide attack by a Witch Cultist, and he had calmly returned from that which had reduced a dragon carriage to splinters.

A so-called super healer, like those from manga and anime: that was what Ferris was.

Of course, even now, he could not say unconditionally that occasions such as running out of Mana or pouring everything into Crusch could not apply.

Wilhelm: [As Subaru-dono has realized, Ferris is not resting. Presently, he is not at the mansion.]

Subaru: [He’s not at the mansion? You mean…]

Wilhelm: [――Please, go to the Royal Cemetery.]

Without answering the question that had unexpectedly surfaced, Wilhelm provided that place name in but a few words, and guided Subaru and the others to the entrance of the mansion.

The Royal Cemetery―― from simply hearing that, it seemed to be a place with an evident purpose.

However, just what did Wilhelm intend by informing them of such a place――,

Wilhelm: [No matter how shameful I must be, right now, I am one who serves Crusch-sama. I must not take action that defies the will of my master. ――Please, lend an ear to what I have to say.]

With that deep, deep bow, Wilhelm sent them on their way.

For the Sword Demon, there existed a problem that could not be resolved with his blade, but even after such anguish, he still desired resolution: with that tinge of grief carved upon his deeply wrinkled face, such a prayer could be felt there.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Royal Cemetery was situated deep in the heart of the Noble District of the Royal Capital Lugunica.

As could be inferred from its enunciation and subsequent indication, that land was a cemetery―― with arrays of gravestones for mourning those who had passed on, a crib for those whose soul’s rest was prayed for.

Rem: [There was the Subjugation of the White Whale, correct? The graves of those who participated in that battle and lost their lives therein are also here, so I have been told.]

Subaru: [I see. Then, it was way too heartless of me to not have come before. We didn’t bring flowers with us today, so I gotta come well-prepared next time.]

Emilia: [You’re right. We must properly convey our gratitude and appreciation for their toil.]

Crossing the black iron gate devoid of any rust, spread out before them was a stone pathway laid in a geometric design, and columns of gravestones along both of its sides―― none of the rowed gravestones were simple enough to be called mere stone structures.

Some were crowned with sculptures of Knights displaying the triumphs of their lifetimes, whilst some were like small shrines embellished with delicate caricatures that retold the history of their families. The engraved emblems of family crests basked in the breeze, and the varicolored flowers offered by the mourners bestowed solitary hue in the universe of ashen-grey stones.

Subaru: [As expected, nobles are ostentatious, even with their gravestones… If you remove the gaudiness, this seems closer to the impression of cemeteries I got from western films or foreign dramas , I guess.]

Sprawling here was a prudently maintained lawn, and a stone pathway around a moderate hill. The Japanese-style tombstones, grave tablets, or buildings such as shrines or monasteries with which Subaru was familiar were nowhere to be seen in this environ, as a rejuvenating, forlorn zephyr breezed through this space.

Subaru: [Which reminds me, I never thought about it… but are those who have passed on cremated here as well? Or are they given burials?]

Beatrice: [Cremation is the standard, I suppose. Once a living creature loses its life, the soul… the Od from its body falls out. It is unbearable to watch a body, bereft of its Od, slowly crumbling and losing its form, in fact. So it is done before that can happen, signifying to the body, the same as the Od, that it has fulfilled its duty, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I see, so it’s done on account of a being’s structure, not as a countermeasure to the spread of disease or anything like that.]

Thanks to Beatrice’s instantaneous reply to his doubt, he was able to harmonize with this arrangement as well.

That explained why, during the Great Disaster that had transpired in Vollachia, the legions of resurrected zombies were not in incomplete conditions, with rotten bodies and disjoined limbs. In their case, the shapes of their souls utilized to resurrect them were used as the basis, and their bodies were molded into form with clods of earth.

Which was why those zombies had been resurrected in the present age, with their forms intact as they were during their lifetime.

Subaru: [If that’s the case, then the destination of the soul… the cradle of Od Lagna or so, was a significantly valuable place. Like the Sanzu River, the farthest end of time, akin to that.]

Beatrice: [Don’t just grumble such frightening stuff out of nowhere, in fact. The cradle of Od Lagna, don’t even say such a thing as a joke, I suppose. There’s purely a rumor that should one inadvertently witness it eye-to-eye, they would be plundered of their sanity, in fact.]

Subaru: [No, it’s not a joke or anything like that, but truly… though, that was something Louis just said arbitrarily, so I guess its level of credence is doubtable?]

Cautioned by the grimacing Beatrice, Subaru reminisced of that pure white space, wherein he could say he had spent a rich amount of time, for better or worse.

The Hall of Memories, or so, was the name invoked by Louis Arneb, who personated being the gatekeeper of that place, but in reality, even as this bearing held true, it was unknown what that place tangibly was. Now that Louis’s consciousness had vanished to someplace and she had been reincarnated as Spica, there were no means to ascertain it either.

Subaru: [If it really comes down to it, I could find Reid’s Book once again and peek inside, resolving to face something unthinkable…]

Rem: [――Um, I apologize for cutting into the conversation, but could you pay attention to this as well?]

Subaru: [Hm?]

Rem: [We’ve come here looking for somebody, right? Ferris-san, was it?]

With a tug of his sleeve, Subaru turned around to Rem’s enquiry.

Her eyes conceived with a deep hue of doubt, Rem was, of course, unaware of Ferris’s personage. So it was natural that she would be rather bored, even if she had been brought along to the cemetery.

Subaru: [Aah, sorry sorry! Let’s see, the person we’ll be looking for now is someone with cat ears and a cutesy vibe. Also has a tail, and is fairly adorable, so I think you’ll know it the moment you see.]

Rem: […I was hoping for slightly more useful information.]

Subaru: [Well, I thought I gave you plenty of hints … ah, when I say adorable, I don’t mean the Beako kind of adorable, but more like the Petra or Meili kind of adorable. About as tall as me.]

Rem: [I see, there certainly is a difference in adorableness.]

Subaru touted Beatrice’s face ahead as he held her up, to which Rem, intently gazing, nodded, as though assenting to his explanation. The Beatrice in question seemed to harbor an expression of deepening dubiety toward that assent, but her unmindfulness of the particulars of her own adorableness could be called one of her charm points.

In reality, there existed an infinite spectrum of adorableness, like beauty closer to adorableness and adorableness closer to beauty, all kinds. Anyhow, with Ferris’s characteristics now shared amongst themselves――,

Emilia: [That demeanor of Wilhelm-san’s, I wonder what it was all about. It’s worrying.]

Subaru: [――The way he told us to go talk to him, despite also knowing where he was, huh.]

Emilia: [Hm, you’re right. It’s nice to be consulted with and relied upon, but I feel that neither Crusch-san nor Wilhelm-san really show that side of themselves much.]

Subaru could in part agree with Emilia’s sensibility.

He could tell some sort of dilemma had risen within the Crusch Camp, and that Wilhelm could not move by himself toward its resolution.

Naturally, something did come to Subaru’s mind that could have been the impetus for this problem. However, even so, the bonds of the Crusch Camp were strong. Even compared with the other Royal Candidates, they were the two whose bond had been forged for the longest time, the tightest tether.

The depth of those emotions shall not vanish, even should Crusch lose her Memories―― was, at the very least, what Subaru felt and believed.

However――,

Subaru: [――――]

Looking downward upon his right hand, Subaru glared at its vitality. That which crossed his mind was when he had insolently clutched Crusch’s hand, and she had stared back at his own hand.

Upon seeing Subaru’s hand, and learning of its emancipation from those black patches, hearing that it was not owed to the power of the Sacrament which belonged to the Church of the Divine Dragon, she――,

Crusch: [――Unfair.]

Had said this in a scant voice, verging onto extinguishment.

Subaru: [It was not just me, mishearing things…]

He wished from the bottom of his heart for that to be the case, but Subaru possessed not such convenient ears or cognizance. Those were the true, dusky sentiments that had undeniably spilled from Crusch’s lips.

In all honesty, it definitely was shocking. But, for him to desire to not forgive or permit Crusch from even uttering so, that would be sheer pride. Above all, Subaru was painfully sympathetic to the reason why Crusch had blurted that out.

Subaru: […I could never, talk to Crusch-san about that.]

Crusch was the vortex of this maelstrom, just as her body recovered, now encumbered with the possibility of bearing an infinite number of wounds on her heart. What he could not inquire from her directly, would he then ask of her Knight, Ferris; that too was something uncertain.

But, he knew even if he simply returned to his comrades in brazen resignation, he would only continue to harbor ceaseless, unanswered worries.

Emilia: [Hmm, can’t see Ferris anywhere.]

Lost in thought, upon having taken notice, Subaru and the others had lapped around the cemetery.

Though this site was by no means small, befitting of a cemetery situated in the Noble District, most of the deceased who slept here seemed to be those who shouldered weighty responsibilities of the Kingdom, and were serviced with treatment more than apt, even after death. Farther into the cemetery, each and every gravestone’s structure and care was extremely meticulous, and synchronously, the faces of the scant few mourners became more easy to distinguish, so it was difficult to imagine that they had missed Ferris.

It would have been a different story if they just knew whom he was visiting in this cemetery.

Rem: [We looked along the whole pathway, but I couldn’t sight any woman with the characteristics mentioned.]

Subaru: [To be precise, not a girl, but… well, it’s got nothing to do with the appearance, so I guess that’s fine.]

Rem: [――? Speaking of any more things that stand out, that building over there I would suppose.]

As Subaru cut short the detailed explanation, Rem remained suspect of him as she gestured towards a chalky white building, sitting atop the hill in the middle of this grand site, with the lined arrays of stone structures in its backdrop―― a mausoleum, as it was called.

Garbed in a solemn and sacred ambiance, making it seem as though the gravestones speckled about its circumference were those who had pledged their allegiance to their lord in servitude, was evidence of it being the resting ground of chosen ones.

This was the Royal Cemetery, and if there was a bed for the deceased who were furnished special treatment, then――,

Subaru: [――The mausoleum where the members of the Royal Family sleep, is what it seems.]

Emilia: [Then, the royals who have passed away are in there…]

The impetus for the Royal Selection’s beginning, the royals who had suffered an inordinately ephemeral demise, and a gargantuan duty, continuing their lineage of proper pedigree into the modern day in the enduring lifespan of the Kingdom of Lugunica.

Before the mausoleum of those people entombed within, Subaru reached a delayed comprehension. ――The austere presence in this place, this was in a certain sense, a microcosm of the Royal Capital. If the Royal Castle was a symbol of authority for the living, then the mausoleum was the same for the dead――,

Subaru: […I’m sure we can’t just casually visit the graves of Kings, right?]

Beatrice: [Considering it ordinarily, the mausoleum of royalty would be strictly guarded, I suppose. Those who wish to do evil with the ashes of the powerful are not few, in fact. How wretched, I suppose.]

Emilia: [But, we could just ask if somebody was inside… ah, someone’s right there.]

Although the mausoleum was the only place they had not checked, regardless, it was not a place they could enter with ease.

The chances of Ferris being there became synchronously low, but since they had been entrusted by Wilhelm, they did not wish to return without putting in adequate effort.

With these thoughts, Emilia pointed sharply toward the mausoleum’s entrance. There, just as she had stated, a figure was emerging from the mausoleum.

A character garbed in a slender, navy blue tailcoat. The elegance of their conduct as visible from their back potently transmitted their esteem and labor toward the mausoleum.

Subaru followed the hastening Emilia, thinking that since they were visiting the Royal Family’s mausoleum, they must be the overseer of the cemetery or the mausoleum, or someone in the same vein.

Emilia: [Um, could you excuse me for a second? I wanted to ask if the young person we’re searching for was inside the building you just left.]

Rushing over to that character, Emilia spoke to them with no hint of timidness. Her audaciousness would purchase vigilance from the other person, but there were Knights standing at the entrance of the cemetery, and they did vet the social standing of all who passed through the main gate, so it was safe to assume that there were no suspicious figures within the premises.

Subaru wished for their intent to be transmitted to that person by all means――,

???: [――Emilia-sama?]

Replying with a voice laced with astonishment, the figure in the tailcoat turned around and set their eyes upon Emilia. Observing them from the front, Emilia halted her feet with a confounded “Huh?”.

Subaru, and the others as well, bore witness to the person standing before Emilia as she stood still.

Standing there was――,

???: […Well, you’ve seen me at a weird spot. It was Wil-jii, wasn’t it?]

Vocalizing so, expressing a smile with poignancy not to be reached by such descriptors as astoundedness or self-derision, was Ferris―― as he shrugged his shoulders at Subaru and the others, his slender frame adorned with a sonorously masculine tailcoat.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru unwittingly found himself at a loss for words at Ferris’s form, his back towards the mausoleum’s entrance.

Until now, there had certainly been times when Ferris would don such a guise―― concisely, when he dressed as a man within the sleeves of the Knight uniform of the Royal Guard. However, that instance had the pretext of being the official uniform of the Knights, and even that had designed aspects, showing his charm as it befitted him.

However, his tailcoat guise before their eyes was bereft of any such design or craftiness.

What that meant, was――,

Subaru: […Ferris… what… happened?]

Ferris: [Quit it with that expression and voice like it’s the end of the world. It’s not anything important for Subaru-kun and the others, I’m telling you. I just――]

Retaining his poignant smile with the edges of his eyebrows brought low, Ferris tilted his head―― and stopped himself. That seemed as though a parting of ways from such gestures.

Without turning traitor to that impression, Ferris continued.

It was――,

Ferris: [――It’s just, I was dismissed from my position as Crusch-sama’s Knight. So, I called it a wrap on Ferri-chan, and returned to Felix Argyle.]

Translation Notes:

[1] – “To send salt to the enemy” is an idiom in Japanese meaning to help an enemy rather than exploiting their weakness. It originates from a story from the Sengoku Jidai , the Warring States period of Japan. Two of the most famous and influential warlords of the period, Uesugi Kenshin and Takeda Shingen, were famous for their rivalry with each other. However, when the Hōjō, another clan that Shingen had broken ties with, cut off salt shipments to the Kai province under him, Kenshin decried it as cowardly and sent salt from the province under his command, Echigo, saying he would settle the war between them properly.

--- Chapter 9: Crybaby ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Machine-Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese-English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Felix Argyle.

He knew that to be the legal name of the person standing before him.

He had heard it before from the mouths of others, and above all, it was what the man himself had just introduced himself as. Contrary to the man’s cute and dainty appearance, he had thought the name had quite the masculine ring to it.

However, even when the man himself used that name in front of him, Subaru was not able to properly reconcile this fact and phenomenon within himself.

That was the extent to which the man had built his way of life around the image of the nickname “Ferris”.

Subaru: [Dismissed, as her Knight…? That means … ]

Ferris: [It means I’ve resigned. Well, it can’t be helped. With the Church of the Divine Dragon, Crusch-sama could be saved… ever since the moment I decided to accept their help, I’d been prepared for things to turn out this way. ――Ah, Emilia-sama, please don’t go feeling responsible or anything.]

Emilia: [Ferris…]

Ferris: [When you came to see us back then, it was truly reassuring. Aside from Crusch-sama’s allies like me and Wil-jii, there were also other people who were happy to see her safe, it made me think that… what I’d done wasn’t wrong.]

With the cat ears on his head flattening, Ferris lowered the corners of eyes into a soft smile as he replied.

In the midst of hastening towards him, Emilia skidded to a halt at those words, and her hands started fluttering about aimlessly, as if she were desperately searching for a response that would not come.

Emilia’s bewilderment and perplexity were only natural. ――However, at the sight of Ferris now donning a tailcoat, reciting his resignation from his post as Knight, Subaru had a different response.

Ferris: [Wait! Subaru-kun, where do you think you’re going?]

Subaru: [――Hk, isn’t it obvious, I’m going to Crusch-san’s place. This sorta thing, it’s going too far!]

With clenched teeth, he was already turning to leave when a voice stopped him from behind, to which Subaru growled with a low, jagged response.

He could imagine what the circumstances had been. The Dragon’s Blood which had ravaged Crusch’s body, to free her of that suffering had required accepting help from the Church of the Divine Dragon, and as a corollary of that, the Crusch Camp’s position in the Royal Selection had been teetering.

And, in place of the delirious Crusch, that had been a decision made by Ferris.

Ferris’s decision had saved her life, however, this had caused their victory in the Royal Selection to become very difficult. For she, who was fiercely motivated to become the Monarch, it was a decision that Crusch likely would never have desired.

Subaru: [But, didn’t you do all of that for the sake of Crusch-san? Despite that, for her to still fire you… that just isn’t right!]

Beatrice: [Subaru!]

Due to his unbearable indignation, Subaru shook Beatrice’s hand off of his, causing her to shout.

But Subaru did not stop. He was determined to keep going and run all the way back to the Karsten residence, and even if he needed to firmly press Crusch for it, he would make her retract her mistreatment of Ferris.

However, before he could even take a single step to enact that, Subaru was blocked by someone with their arms spread out wide―― by Rem, he was halted.

Subaru: [Rem, don’t stop me. I’m about to go off on an excessively emotional outburst, and I don’t want any of you guys to see it.]

Rem: [If you’re aware of how you are getting far too emotional, then please stop there. Besides, before you cause any uproar, how about you properly take a look at the other person’s face?]

Subaru: [Other person’s… face?]

Having silenced Subaru’s impulsive fit, Rem nodded before gesturing with her chin. As Subaru turned to follow her motion, Emilia and Beatrice, who had anxiously been watching over him, entered his field of view, and further beyond them was Ferris, looking down at Subaru from the entrance of the mausoleum.

Ferris, who had been the main driving force behind Subaru’s rage, with a look of exasperation at the sight of his outburst, turned his gaze first towards Rem,

Ferris: [Thank you, Rem-chan… though this is the first time I’ve seen you walking around like this, you’re a much better girl than I could have ever imagined. Maybe your only shortcoming is your taste in boys?]

Rem: […While I was asleep, I heard that Ferris-san also took great care of me. Out of respect to you as my benefactor, I’ll keep my response graceful… but that just now was a terrible misunderstanding.]

Ferris: [I see. If that’s how Rem-chan views it, that’s fine by me. But, I’m glad you’ve woken up.]

Rem and Ferris exchanged words right over Subaru’s head while he was pincered in between them. With that done, Rem pursed her lips in a complicated manner, and Ferris switched gears with a “That said”.

And, narrowing his eyes as he looked down at Subaru,

Ferris: [You know, Subaru-kun, you really are prideful.]

Subaru: [Prid… hk.]

Ferris: [I think it’s a different nuance from just being self-centered, so even if it’s this word, it’s the one I find fits best, okay? Even though you say you’re not doing it for yourself, and that it’s all for the sake of someone else, you just end up frantically going around in circles, and it just ends up being uncalled-for concern.]

Subaru: [You, phrasing it like that…]

Ferris: [――And so I thought, if Subaru-kun is prideful, then maybe I’m prideful too.]

At that moment, seeing his smile, Subaru felt as if he had been doused by cold water.

Subaru: [――――]

Gulping down his breath, he looked at Ferris who, just as he thoroughly criticized Subaru, turned that same vitriol on himself. The atmosphere around Ferris had not changed since they first encountered each other at the mausoleum, seeming to Subaru as if he showed no openings to latch onto, or rather, as if he was almost too composed.

He was a sea of tranquility, so-to-speak. ――However, that could not be the case. Thinking about what had happened to Ferris, contrary to a calm sea, he should be right in the midst of a ferocious storm.

Subaru stared closely at Ferris’s facial expression, searching for any signs of the storm. But, with Ferris himself seeming to not concern himself with that, he closed one eye, letting out an “Ah”,

Ferris: [That’s right. If it’s fine with you, Emilia-sama, won’t you all come in to pay respects?]

Subaru: [Pay respects… do you mean in the mausoleum behind you? Are we allowed in?]

Ferris: [Yes, the administrator entrusted me with the key, and besides, I’m qualified to act as an intercessor, so I come here pretty often.]

Subaru: [Intercessor…?]

Ferris: [Wow, Subaru-kun really is clueless. If you’re trying to be her one and only Knight while being this ignorant, you’re only going to end up embarrassing Emilia-sama, you know?]

Ferris gave a small laugh and stuck out his tongue, leaving Subaru to hold his own.

Rather than it being because of his ignorance being pointed out, it was that the phrase “one and only Knight” coming out of Ferris’s mouth seemed like it would be a delicate topic right now.

Of course, given the mischievous look in his eyes, Ferris had likely said it on purpose.

Whilst toying with Subaru and the others with his tone, Ferris softly caught the closing door of the mausoleum that he had just left.

Ferris: [Let’s go inside to talk about all the various things that have been piling up. ――I was just thinking that if I were the only one here to pay respects, His Highness might start feeling lonely.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Located within the Royal Cemetery, the presence exuded by that mausoleum clearly set it apart from the rest.

The building was constructed from the finest white marble selected from across the Kingdom, and was decorated throughout with ornamentations of dragons, the very symbol of the Dragon Kingdom, giving it the capacity to overwhelm any visitor who laid eyes upon it. The exterior walls, shining in the sunlight, exuded a divine aura that seemed to ward off evil, and the dragon sculpture carved across each of the closed doors completed it as a single work of art, seemingly continuing to protect the dignity of the deceased Royal Family.

After stepping inside, what laid in various places throughout the white chalk corridor to follow were the grave markers of the sleeping royalty. The orderly arranged sarcophagi were decorated with carvings and ornaments associated with each Royal Family member, and just looking at them seemed to bring to mind the deceased’s life before death.

In particular, the state of the fourth prince’s tombstone, which was their objective, especially inspired this feeling.

Ferris: [This is His Highness’s… Fourier Lugunica-sama’s grave.]

Ferris led Subaru’s group across the well-polished floor, his boots clacking upon the stone, then stopped in his tracks and gestured toward an especially conspicuous grave marker―― the sarcophagus of Fourier Lugunica.

Within the mausoleum, where strict, solemn order was maintained, that principle seemed to waver slightly here.

After all, the fourth prince’s gravestone was too colorful for a resting place of the dead.

Subaru: [Are these, offerings? Letters, knitted things, as well as carved wooden animals…]

Ferris: [None of them feel like offerings to royalty, right? In truth, the people who said they wished to offer such things were children who had no conception of such upper-class etiquette, so it can’t be helped.]

Subaru: [People with no such concept, no way, you mean they’re gifts from the general public? Wouldn’t those sorta things be censored or confiscated when they’re brought in?]

Ferris: [Of course, if it was a prank or something, it wouldn’t be allowed to go through. But, the fact that they are not, was something I verified when I accepted the offerings in my role of intercessor.]

Crouching in front of the sarcophagus, Ferris answered while squinting at the various items placed on the table.

The items offered there must have been prepared by those who adored the fourth prince laid to rest here, regardless of their status, and would have contained each person’s thoughts and feelings.

Intercessors were those who, as a special exception, had the right to bring such offerings with the permission of the cemetery’s administrator, on behalf of those who could not visit this place in person.

Essentially, Ferris had been entrusted with the thoughts and feelings of the people as the intercessor for the fourth prince.

Ferris: [By nature, many members of the Lugunican Royal Family had good personalities, who were gentle and well-liked by others, but His Highness Fourier was an individual of exceptionally cheerful and pleasant personality. So he would frequently sneak out of the Castle, and make merry with the people of the Royal Capital.]

Subaru: […Amazing. It’s like an episode you’d often hear about in manga and such. But, if he actually did that, it probably ended up becoming a huge problem, right?]

Ferris: [Well, it did turn out like that. The Royal Guard was mobilized to search for His Highness in the wake of his disappearance. In the end, His Highness was at a soup kitchen in the Slums, that turned out to be run by the Church of the Divine Dragon, which almost caused friction between the Castle and the Church, and a big fuss ensued.]

Beatrice: [It’s hard to laugh that off as a joke these days, in fact.]

Over the arched back of Ferris, they looked upon the headstone of the much-beloved Fourier.

As Ferris reminisced with a smile, his words were filled with an undeniable affection for the central figure of those tales, Fourier, and even from this fragment of that episode, it was clear that he was a person who was loved by everyone.

Ferris: […Did I ever say anything about His Highness to Subaru-kun before?]

Subaru: […Yeah, I heard that there was someone like that, and that he got along well with you and Crusch-san. Didn’t she say that he and I kind of resemble each other?]

Ferris: [Hah? How are His Highness and Subaru-kun the same? I’ll kill you, you know?]

Subaru: [I’m pretty sure you said the same thing to me back then!!]

Ferris’s voice had taken on a rather serious tone devoid of jokes, so Subaru hastened to defend himself.

In reality, that was about all that Subaru had been told about Fourier. Of course, even Subaru, who was not very perceptive, could tell that this person’s death was not unrelated to the reason why Crusch had aspired to participate in the Royal Selection.

Emilia: [So, Crusch-san joined the Royal Selection for the sake of Prince Fourier?]

Ferris: […As expected of Emilia-sama. You always dive straight in to asking the difficult questions.]

Emilia: [Ah, I’m sorry. But, Ferris, you invited us to pay respects because you wanted to tell us that story, right? After hearing that, I was just thinking that I should try to decide what I’m going to do next.]

Ferris: [What you’re doing next, huh? And that would be?]

Emilia: [Yes, Subaru stole the show earlier, but I think I’ll also go to tell Crusch-san to reconsider. Subaru and I will go talk to her with our utmost effort. How about it?]

Subaru: [I think that’s a good idea… Ow, ow, ow!]

Rem: [Please don’t speak impulsively. Just where do you think we are?]

As soon as he agreed with Emilia, Subaru writhed in agony as Rem pinched him on the side. Gazing over those antics of Subaru and the others, Ferris strained a smile and stood up,

Ferris: [As I said before, I’d like you to refrain from going over to Crusch-sama and saying all sorts of things. From the beginning, I was prepared for this to happen.]

Emilia: [But…]

Ferris: [I’ve accepted it. I said that I had been dismissed, but it was me who first declared that I no longer had any right to stay by her side. Moreover…]

Holding a finger to his lips, Ferris paused for a beat. Then, pointing that raised finger towards Emilia, and then to Subaru in order,

Ferris: [What would you do, Emilia-sama, if I, or the Council of Wise Men, or whoever, asked you to reconsider your master-servant relationship with Subaru-kun?]

Emilia: [Eh? My relationship with Subaru is something I decided after giving it a lot of thought. So, if someone said something like that to me, I would feel reaaally uneasy and wonder what the heck… ah.]

Ferris: [That’s what I mean. That’s what Emilia-sama is trying to do right now.]

Extraneous and immense meddling from an outsider. With Ferris explaining it so clearly, Emilia’s shoulders visibly slumped. As expected, there was little joy in Emilia’s response, as she did not want anyone to interfere with her relationship with Subaru.

Above all, the current persuasion was effective not only for Emilia, but for Subaru as well.

Ferris, who must have known this, looked past the dejected Emilia, and while shrugging his shoulders at Subaru,

Ferris: [To answer your earlier question, Crusch-sama is not so narrow-minded. Hence, His Highness Fourier is but one of the reasons why she decided to participate in the Royal Selection.]

Subaru: […But, his part of the reason isn’t so small that it can be ignored, right?]

Ferris: [Oh, you’re quite the nitpicker. You’ve completely lost your cuteness, Subaru-kun.]

However, as if that had not even struck a nerve for him, Ferris continued.

Ferris: [I won’t deny it. The passing of His Highness was a truly significant event for Crusch-sama… and for me as well. I was deeply hurt, and cried so much that it felt I had used up my entire lifetime’s supply of tears. Well, I’m a bit of a crybaby, so I cried a lot after that as well.]

Everyone: [――――]

Ferris: [Though she didn’t show it, it also caused Crusch-sama so, so much hurt and suffering. ――But, the thing that hurt Crusch-sama the most was after His Highness had passed away.]

Subaru: [Eh…]

Ferris: [His Highness, and the rest of the Royal Family all passed away one after the other, causing great turmoil for everyone. The Duchess Karsten, Crusch-sama, was attending a meeting at the Castle as one of the upper nobles… and there, she came to a realization. Everyone participating in the meeting was more concerned about the possibility that the Covenant with the Divine Dragon might be severed, than about the loss of His Highness and the other royals.]

He spoke quietly, as carefully as possible to avoid getting carried away with emotion. However, this effort only highlighted the grotesqueness of the facts as told by Ferris.

The personalities of the Lugunican Royal Family, the way they were loved, and how warm their hearts were, all could be seen by taking a look at this mausoleum: at all of the tombstones even beyond Fourier Lugunica’s, there were offerings made to pray for the peace of the deceased without exception.

Even the deaths of those so loved were thought insignificant in the face of the Covenant with the Dragon.

Emilia: [So, that’s why she did it.]

It came out like a sigh, a murmur from Emilia, who had come to the same understanding as Subaru. She placed her hands on her chest, and as her amethyst eyes narrowed with a pained look,

Emilia: [That’s why Crusch-san decided that when she became the Monarch, she would have no choice but to make her country stronger, not one that solely relied upon the Covenant with the Dragon.]

Ferris: [――It’s not only that, but, yes.]

Emilia: [It’s not only that, which would mean…]

Ferris: [Crusch-sama really hated the prospect of it… That if she hadn’t been so close to His Highness Fourier, she was sure that she would have thought the same way as everyone else.]

That sort of alternate reality was not something that could be known unless it had actually happened, and since there was no way for such a thing to actually happen, there was no reason for Crusch to be blaming herself in that way.

No matter how she tried to go against it, Crusch would have met Fourier, and arrived at the same idea. Even if she detested the version of herself who had never met him, a version of herself who did not exist, it would only bring her suffering.

Only, on another line of thinking, Subaru also realized that Crusch’s situation was not simply that of a choice in contradiction to her claims in the Royal Selection.

Crusch, who had declared that she would end the Covenant with the Dragon, was saved by the power of the Sacrament of the Church of the Divine Dragon, a group that worshipped none other than that very Dragon. ――And that was not all.

Subaru: [Crusch-san vowed to restore an environment in which the Lugunican Royal Family… that Prince Fourier could truly be mourned, and even though she was determined to achieve that, she no longer has the ability to do so.]

Ferris: […Moreover, the Church of the Divine Dragon did not save His Highness. Even though they saved Crusch-sama.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Ferris’s hoarsely spoken words struck a chord with Subaru and the others in the truest sense.

Just a moment ago, he had been fully intent on going to complain to Crusch about Ferris’s dismissal as her Knight, saying that it was going too far, even when taking her poor physical and mental condition into account.

Now that he knew all about the resolve and determination Crusch had carried, about the ideals and vows she had heralded, and about how they had all been shattered in the worst way possible, what could Subaru possibly say to her?

If only Subaru had offered up an arm or a leg, and taken on Crusch’s curse――,

Ferris: [That’s why, Subaru-kun is prideful.]

Subaru: [Wha…]

Ferris: [Anyone can see it on your face. It’s no wonder Beatrice-chan refuses to let go of your hand. You may have gotten a bit better, but surely you ought to know when there’s nothing you could have done?]

With his head tilted, Ferris spoke as if admonishing a child, rebuking Subaru for the shallowness of his thinking without getting emotional.

Deep down, he understood. Subaru’s current idea existed only in the realm of theory, impossible to act on; as Ferris had said, it was meaningless.

Even if Crusch’s salvation had been carried out by Emilia’s Knight, Natsuki Subaru, instead of the Church of the Divine Dragon, it would not absolve her of the fault of relying on an opposing camp to solve her problems. And, that would be too large of a disadvantage in the Royal Selection, which was now past its midpoint.

Subaru: [If one delegates the solving of all their problems to other parties, is that person really fit to be the Monarch, is that what it’s about…?]

Ferris: [――. How harsh. But, that’s right.]

Subaru: […I’m just parroting what I’ve heard.]

That was something he had heard directly from none other than Crusch herself.

Once, when the Witch Cult had targeted Emilia, Subaru had asked Crusch for help without any bargaining chips, but Crusch had imposingly rejected Subaru’s ugly pleas.

That was a lesson Subaru had needed to learn. Hence, he did not begrudge Crusch for that. It was far too ironic that, even though he had no grudge against her, the situation had reversed as it were.

Emilia: [Hey, Ferris, I’m not sure if this is okay to ask, but…]

In place of Subaru, whose head hung low as he found himself at a loss for words, Emilia spoke to Ferris.

Stepping out next to Ferris, she stood in front of the gravestone of Fourier Lugunica, looked at the offerings placed there, then, clutching the magic crystal on her chest, she closed her eyes.

Behind Emilia, Beatrice and Rem could each be seen offering their own prayers for the dead.

After that, Emilia gazed at the particularly gorgeous bouquet―― the one that Ferris had adjusted the position of while he had been crouched down, that had been brought here by none other than himself, and she asked the following.

Emilia: [Crusch-san and Prince Fourier, were they lovers?]

Ferris: [――――]

At the question, Ferris’s eyes widened slightly, then he gave a small laugh.

And then――,

Ferris: [That’s not something for me to say. ――It would be far too tactless.]

△▼△▼△▼△

The double doors to the mausoleum gave rise to a weighty sound as they closed, and he met eyes with the dragon sculpted across their surfaces as a single image.

He could tell it was likely the same depiction modeled after the Divine Dragon Volcanica that was also engraved onto the face of coins, but now that he had heard about the blighted love surrounding Crusch and Prince Fourier, his feelings towards that Divine Dragon had grown more complicated compared to before.

Subaru: [I got to encounter the real thing on top of the Tower, but with its empty state of mind, even if it’s supposedly the object of worship for the Church of the Divine Dragon, bound by its Covenant to the Kingdom, it’s just not very convincing…]

Beatrice: [Its style might be to just switch on at times when it is necessary, I suppose. At times when it is not, it might be operating on something like an energy-saving mode, or like Otto when he doesn’t have any work to do, in fact.]

Subaru: [Even if it’s Otto when he has no work to do, treating him as empty-headed is going too far… Wait, if the target of comparison is the Divine Dragon, then wouldn’t that actually be an honor for a citizen of the Kingdom?]

Hearing Beatrice’s hypothesis, Subaru also tried to simulate treating the Otto within his brain as the Divine Dragon, but when Otto did not have any work to do, he became an idiot as a result of the sense of freedom he would gain from finishing all his work, so Subaru was unable to get any useful comments out of him. Heavy drinking in moderation, indeed.

Regardless――,

Emilia: [Ferris, what do you plan on doing after this?]

Ferris: [After this, you ask?]

Emilia: [Yes. After all, you can’t return to… it would be difficult for you to return to Crusch-san’s place right now, right? You were always in that same mansion together, so do you have any destination in mind?]

On the way to return the mausoleum key to the cemetery’s administrator, Emilia inquired so, and Ferris scratched his cheek as he hesitated in giving his response with a troubled look upon his eyebrows.

Judging by his reaction, Emilia’s comment had borne a critical impact on Ferris.

There was no doubt that Wilhelm’s decision to inform Subaru’s group of Ferris’s whereabouts must have been an anguished one, founded in worry for the young man’s near future.

Regardless of the circumstances behind it, the master-servant relationship between Crusch and Ferris had been terminated. Under such a situation, Wilhelm, as a follower of Crusch, could not take actions that opposed his master’s will.

Back there, the maximum consideration Wilhelm could offer was to have reliable individuals go to verify Ferris’s thereafter.

Thus, if they were going to respond to that consideration of Wilhelm’s to the fullest――,

Subaru: [What Emilia-tan is trying to say is this: For the time being, won’t you come stay with us for a bit?]

Emilia: [Yes, that’s right! How about it? Of course, I’m not saying you need to stay forever. I just think that you’re probably sad from parting like this, and that you just need some time. For me as well, it took around a hundred years to accept the fact that I froze all the people in my hometown.]

Rem: [I have to say, I think that would be far too long of a wait.]

Beatrice: [By the way, it also took Betty four-hundred years to accept Subaru’s love, I suppose.]

Rem: [I have to say, I think that even for this person, that would be far too miserable.]

Due to those misleading statements from the long lifespan duo, Emilia and Beatrice, Rem began to look at Subaru with a bit of pity in her eyes. He would make sure to properly clear up that misunderstanding later on, but at the very least, their proposition to Ferris just now had been made in earnest.

However, receiving those words, Ferris placed his hand over his forehead with a “Tahah~”,

Ferris: [For some reason, I had the feeling you’d ask me that, but you really went ahead and did it. I’m a talented master of the healing arts, so I get why there’d be a scramble to secure a claim on me.]

Emilia: [Mph, I… wasn’t saying it as a joke…]

Ferris: [Indeed, yes, of course, I’m aware that Emilia-sama is always earnest, no matter the time. I’m also glad that you invited me like that. It’s the truth, you know?]

Emilia: […But, the way you answered…]

Ferris: [――Right. Although you invited me especially, I just can’t agree to it.]

Slowly shaking his head from side to side, Ferris turned down Emilia’s proposal with a wry smile. She very much wanted to be persistent against that attitude of his, but she also understood his feelings of not being able to accept.

After all――,

Ferris: [Even if we’re separated, I will always treasure Crusch-sama. Even if it was my decision that caused the Royal Selection to become hopeless for her, I just won’t break away to support somebody other than Crusch-sama.]

Emilia: [I-it’s even okay if you hate me. Only, if Ferris could just help us to be sure that you won’t wander off somewhere unsteadily, and that you’ll be alright.]

Ferris: [I wouldn’t hate you or anything. ――Ah, that’s a lie. I actually do hate you. Emilia-sama, all the way back from the very beginning, this entire time, I’ve hated you.]

Emilia: [Eh! Really!?]

Having gone so far as to bring out an uncharacteristic bargaining chip, the persistent Emilia was shocked. Nodding “yes” to that Emilia, Ferris gestured to Subaru and the rest with the key to the mausoleum,

Ferris: [It isn’t just Emilia-sama. All of the Royal Candidates other than Crusch-sama, I’ve hated them too, and the same goes for all their Knights. I also hate Beatrice-chan, and although this is pretty much my first time meeting Rem-chan, I hate her too. And I really hate Subaru-kun.]

Subaru: [When you phrase it like that, it sounds like you hate me for real…]

Ferris: [What makes you think I don’t hate you for real?]

Receiving that retort, Subaru was unable to say anything anymore.

Emilia: […You really won’t change your mind?]

Even Emilia, of all people, could discern that Ferris’s “hate” just now was not how he truly felt. In order to refuse Emilia’s proposal, Ferris had given his likes and hates as a reason. And then, no matter what he was told, no matter how he was treated, he declared that his feelings of backing Crusch would never change.

Ferris: [Please don’t worry so much like that. The Royal Guard… I’m not sure if I can continue there or not, so I’ll go discuss it with the Commander, but regardless, I’m sure there’ll be a high demand for me at healing clinics or wherever else.]

Subaru: […You aren’t going to give into despair, are you?]

Ferris: [Despair? You mean, to end my own life in lamentation over the world… or something like that? Me? The person who despises casualties the most in this world?]

Subaru: [――. My bad.]

With zero hints of a joke there, Subaru apologized in the face of Ferris’s clear assertion.

Even if he no longer resided by Crusch’s side, Ferris was still the Blue, and he would do nothing that distorted his way of being as a healer. He would have faith in that.

Subaru: [Ahh, but you know! How frustrating! If I can’t go and say anything to Crusch-san, and Ferris also refused the idea of staying with us for a time, then there’s nothing I can do…!]

Rem: [Did Ferris-san not chide you about how prideful that is?]

Ferris: [Oh, yeah, just as Rem-chan says.]

Subaru: [But, Rem…]

Rem: [――. Whatever the case, there are problems that can only be resolved by the parties directly concerned.]

Although they were observing a passing tragedy, they bore no right to rectify it themselves.

As Subaru complained about how frustrating that felt, Rem cast her eyes down, and exhaled a shallow breath.

Rem: [Just as how an outside party cannot meddle with the master-servant relationship between you and Emilia-san, or with the Contractual relationship between you and Beatrice-chan. Between you and myself…]

Subaru: [Rem?]

Rem: […Between you and myself, what sort of relationship is there exactly? What are you to me?]

Subaru: [Don’t turn it over to me all of a sudden! Me, you, precious!]

Emilia: [The same goes for us! Us, Rem, reaaally, precious!]

Rem: [――. Thank you to Emilia-san.]

Subaru: [What about me!?]

With the entirety of his existence having been completely disregarded, Subaru’s voice cracked as Rem ignored him in a graceful manner.

Behind that exchange between Subaru and the others, Beatrice called out “Wait” to Ferris. Then, as Beatrice lightly pinched the hem of Subaru’s clothes,

Beatrice: [Betty is not as concerned about your near future as Subaru and the others, in fact. However, Betty owes you an enormous debt, I suppose.]

Ferris: [Beatrice-chan-sama, owes me? Did I ever do a favor or something for the Great Spirit?]

Beatrice: [You saved Subaru when he was far too reckless and nearly destroyed his Gate, in fact. Unfortunately, Subaru ignored your warnings and destroyed his Gate, but you served to buy him some time, I suppose. If not for your help, Betty and Subaru would have no Contract, in fact.]

Ferris: [Umm… that gladdens me more than I expected.]

Beatrice: [Enjoying it to the fullest, I suppose. Thus, Betty is of the nature that always repays her debts, in fact. So, if anything ever happens to you, you can count on Betty to come to your aid whenever needed, I suppose.]

Ferris: [Even if Subaru-kun is about to fall off a cliff?]

Beatrice: [After picking Subaru back up first, Betty would come rushing towards you in a great hurry, in fact.]

Hearing Beatrice’s answer as she snorted her nose and placed her hands on her hips, Ferris’s eyes widened slightly, and he placed his hand over his mouth and smiled with an “Aha”.

The impulse behind that smile grew more intense, and eventually, teardrops began to well up in the corners of his eyes.

Ferris: [Ah, how unpleasant. Don’t make me cry, Beatrice-chan-sama.]

Beatrice: [As you have proclaimed yourself, you are quite the crybaby, I suppose.]

Receiving those words from Beatrice, Ferris’s smile broadened ever so slightly.

△▼△▼△▼△

Emilia: [If you change your mind, you can always visit us, okay? I’ll talk to everyone to make sure someone will definitely respond. Can you promise that? Can you keep a promise, Ferris?]

Subaru: [A stray bullet just hit me!]

Rem: [It’s quite justified.]

And so, right up until the very moment of their parting, Emilia and the others did their best to invite him.

It was evident that they showed no signs of malice or artifice, and though he felt more and more guilty over making Emilia’s face cloud over as he rejected her over and over again, there was nothing he could do about it.

Ferris: [It’s not like I feel conflicted about Emilia-sama and the rest, you know?]

Even if he had ceded that qualification of his own volition, Ferris had been Crusch’s Knight.

It was impermissible for him, no matter how temporary, to shelter himself under the umbrella of any Royal Candidate aside from Crusch. He was afraid that it would not look good for Crusch, and above all, he feared what Crusch would think of it.

Ferris: […On that point, Your Highness was incredible. Were you ever scared?]

At the mausoleum, he had intended to repent before the gravestone and sarcophagus, to the extent that time would allow. And yet, after but a mere moment had passed, a lingering desire to ask that once more had already arisen in him.

Whining and whining; even when he switched to dressing as a man, that effeminacy at his core would not be completely wiped away. Truly, he was disgusted by himself.

Such a person as himself seemed to have been able to make only a single correct decision――,

Ferris: [I’m glad that I was the one who suggested it.]

Just as he had told Emilia and the rest, his dismissal as a Knight had been suggested by Ferris.

When the Church of the Divine Dragon had extended their hand to him, and he had decided to borrow the power of Filóre’s Sacrament, he was prepared to lose the qualifications to stand beside Crusch. Merely, Ferris’s soul could not sit there and wait for it to come out of Crusch’s own mouth.

So he brought it up before that, and avoided having Crusch cut off Ferris of her own accord. ――What the hell, even though he had been trying to extol the right decision, it was yet another manifestation of that effeminacy that disgusted him.

Ferris: [I’ve been doing nothing but lying…]

He thought he had made the right decision. It was a lie.

He had enquired as to whether Fourier felt no fear. It was a lie.

He had said that he did not feel conflicted about Emilia and the others. It was a lie.

His dismissal as a Knight had been to protect his own fragile heart, and he knew that even Fourier himself had mustered up all his courage when he had asked Crusch to go out somewhere.

And, there was no way he felt nothing toward the ready advance of Emilia and the others, who had achieved many great deeds despite her overwhelmingly disadvantageous position at the start and had greatly inconvenienced the high-ranking nobility with her lineage as a half-elf―― and above all, toward the efforts of Subaru, who held the same position as a Knight.

As a matter of fact, Ferris had not asked Subaru about the circumstances surrounding his ungloved right hand.

That Subaru had not broached the subject likely meant that it would have been a troublesome method to be utilized as a cure for Crusch. However, imagination was imagination. He had not confirmed it. The reason for that was obvious: he had fled from the possibility that there was any answer other than relying upon the Church of the Divine Dragon.

It seemed as if just about every action he took was done to prioritize escaping his own pain.

Ferris: [Do I truly consider anyone else precious to me…?]

If he had seriously cared for that person, would he have not cherished that person’s unyielding convictions? If he was aware of the prayers Crusch had sworn before Fourier’s grave, should he have not sought out a path that kept that wish alive, even if it continued to inflict unceasing suffering upon her?

Was it not that very anger at facing this difficult-to-fathom reality that had allowed Crusch to recall Fourier, and made none other than her realize the cruelty of Ferris’s actions?

What if the confusion of Crusch’s Memories that had recalled Fourier Lugunica had been evoked by her wrath at Ferris’s action that trampled upon that oath?

Ferris might be detested by not only Crusch, but also by Fourier.

Ferris: [――Hk, quit it, quit it, there’s no point to this.]

Once again, he realized he was pretending to have a guilty conscience, and was searching for words to console himself.

He did not have time to waste on such trivialities, and so as to not worry Emilia and the rest, as well as Wilhelm, who had been caught between him and Crusch, he needed to determine his position from here on out.

In truth, there was no reason for him to continue as a Knight. Since the title of the Blue was still alive and well, he could turn to the Treatment Center or the Magic Research Institute and receive quite the warm welcome. It would be easy to secure employment, but there was no point in just living his life aimlessly.

Even apart from the certainty that these healing hands would continue to save others, there was hope.

Even if Ferris―― no, Felix Argyle had cast away the qualifications to wish for it.

???: [――Oh, what a relief. I was worried we might miss each other.]

Suddenly, the ears of Ferris, who had been scowling at the pavestones of the Noble District on the way back from the cemetery, shivered in response to the voice that had begun to speak, which had been directed at him.

He stopped walking, and looked ahead. In front of him, in the middle of the street, stood a lone figure. ――The figure there was a familiar one.

It was a man with dull blond hair and deep blue eyes. His tall, slender figure was clad in a well-tailored suit, and his hair and goatee were carefully tidied, giving him a refined air. Given his profession, that was nothing strange.

After all, that person was――,

Ferris: [――Russell Fellow, was it? You’re from the Commerce Guild.]

Russell: [Yes, that is correct. I am greatly honored you remember me. Would it be permissible for me to call you Ferris-sama? Or perhaps, Felix-sama?]

Ferris: […Whichever one you prefer is fine.]

Russell: [Well then, I shall take you up on your kind offer, Felix-sama. Due to my line of work, it is usually less expedient, in a manner of speaking, to call another by a nickname rather than their formal name.]

Ferris: [Hmmm.]

Toward the man who bowed his head in a polite gesture―― toward Russell Fellow, Ferris closed one eye.

The other party was a shrewd man who served as the chairman of the Commerce Guild of the Royal Capital, an individual famed for being preeminently brilliant even amongst the battle-hardened merchants of the Royal Capital. In fact, he had been enlisted to aid with the Subjugation of the White Whale through the supply and transportation of goods, so he was not an unfamiliar party to the Crusch Camp.

Ferris: [That being said, currently I can’t go along with any get-rich-quick schemes, you know? It’s a shame, but…]

Russell: [Your Contract with Duchess Karsten as master and servant has been annulled. Indeed, I am quite aware.]

Ferris: […Your ears catch wind so quick, it’s scary.]

Having said that, Ferris regretted that he himself had turned to such a foolish topic.

After all, Russell had clearly been lying in wait for Ferris. If he had never made any such move even once before now, and yet he took such a step on this day in particular, it could only be because a reason to take such action had appeared.

And then, there was one more thing in addition to that, yet another foolish thing that he further realized too late.

Ferris: […It’s still only early in the evening, so why is this road so empty?]

Russell: [――――]

Russell stood in the middle of the road, about ten meters from Ferris. No indication of anyone on the streets of the Noble District drew near to Russell and Ferris’s surroundings.

If this were late at night or early in the morning, it would make more sense, but it was incomprehensible at a time when the sun had yet to set. And when something impossible occurred, there was always a reason.

On this occasion, the reason why this had been brought about was――,

Russell: [Felix-sama, I have something I am greatly interested in discussing with you, and if you do not mind, I would like to offer you an invitation to join me for a meal at my home. If you are still uncertain as to where to go…]

Ferris: [Do you intend to solicit me as soon as I am off my leash? I’m sorry, but such a conversation is――]

Russell: [――No, I am not soliciting you. In truth, this conversation is compulsory.]

As if he was lamenting something, Russell slowly shook his head. ――In that instant, someone appeared right behind Ferris and pressed a cold blade against his slender neck.

Ferris: [――Hk.]

Breath caught within his throat, Ferris’s movements were sealed. It was so sudden, there had been nothing he could have done. What he could discern was that the blade pressed against him was slender with a significant curvature, and that the person standing behind Ferris was considerably taller than him. ――No, there was that as well.

Ferris: […It doesn’t seem like you are an ordinary merchant, huh?]

Russell: [Who knows? I believe it is certainly a possibility.]

As Russell continued to close the distance step-by-step, while the blade remained against his neck and he was unable to act in response, Ferris at least tried to avert his eyes, feeling disgusted at himself yet again.

Why did he assume that someone capable of bearing such cold eyes would be a normal person?

Firmly biting his lip, he resisted letting any whimper or groan escape him. Ferris cautioned himself that such was the maximum extent of what he could do at the moment.

While examining Ferris from up close, still with those cold eyes, Russell informed him.

Russell: [Now that you are no longer the Knight of the Duchess, I shall not hesitate to interrogate you. ――Regarding the Sacrament of the Immortal King passed down through House Argyle.]

So he declared.

--- Chapter 10: Faith Embedded ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [So in the end, Captain, you’re tellin’ me that even when lookin’ at it with yer own eyes, ya couldn’t tell whether that Filóre Saintess is the real missin’ royal, or if it’s Felt-sama? Hoi…]

???: [But, you saw afterwards that Duchess Karsten’s health had recovered, right? Whether she is royalty or not, it’s at least clear that the power of the Sacrament is real, isn’t it? Hai…]

Subaru: [Yeah. I think that’s something Beako and Rem can also attest to after we went there together. What Emilia-tan and Otto saw wasn’t mistaken… Moreover, her description of Filóre being a reaaally good girl, wasn’t something that I could reasonably deny either. She seemed like an Emilia-tan type of girl without any malicious intentions. Hui…]

Letting out a deep sigh, Subaru recalled the rumored Saintess he had encountered directly earlier on this day at the Church, and with an indescribable mood, he tucked away the plate in his hands on the shelf.

The cupboard provided for the Royal Residence was filled with both wooden and ceramic tableware, and having used those for their meal, Subaru and the others were now in the midst of washing, drying, and putting everything away. Garfiel would wash the dishes at the washbasin, Petra would then wipe them dry, and then Subaru would store them away where they belonged.

Since the Royal Residence was a guesthouse for upper nobles who had business in the Royal Capital, there was fundamentally no aspect of it that left anything to be desired, and provisions to ensure the guests had no inconveniences were constantly being carried out. If necessary, there were housekeepers that could be dispatched to take care of things like cooking, cleaning, and one’s daily necessities, but the majority of nobles tended to bring along their own trusted servants, so it did not seem like they had many opportunities to work.

The Emilia Camp had also developed a style whereby the meal preparations for the day had been tasked to Petra, and the tidying up was being assisted by Subaru and Garfiel, who had lost in rock-paper-scissors.

So as the three of them were coordinating to tidy up together, they had ended up plunging into the current topic.

Garfiel: […But ya see, Captain, if you’re sayin’ that’cha guys ain’t mistakin’ it even wit’ yer own eyes, then my amazin’ self’s true feelin’s’re of wantin’ to do somethin’ to help out wit’ the problem in Pristella.]

Petra: [But, what if that leads to it being discovered that Filóre-san is real royalty? If that happens, Emilia-neesama’s run in the Royal Selection might come to an end, you know?]

Garfiel: [That’d be a whole ‘nother story, tho’. The Saintness called Filóre’s already gone ‘n risen to center stage. ‘S just that nobody ‘cept the big shots in the inner circles know ‘bout her yet.]

Stirring around the water in the bucket to form soapsuds, Garfiel responded to Petra’s words as he washed the dishes. His emerald-green eyes narrowed as he engaged in combat against the stubborn stains clinging to the dishes using a scrap of linen in place of a sponge,

Garfiel: [Not that I’ve seen her for my amazin’ self, but if she’s causin’ that much of an uproar wit’ just her looks, there ain’t gonna be no keepin’ her hidden even if ya tried. Much less if she’s plannin’ to go off ‘n heal Pristella same like she did the Duchess’s body.]

Petra: [――Yeah, I think you’d get a perfect score with that understanding of yours, Garf-san. You’re now able to properly read the social climate. Good boy, good boy.]

Garfiel: [Don’t be talkin’ bout it like ya were givin’ me some sorta test ! I’ll say this now, but my amazin’ self’s Petra’s senior, yeah!?]

Even when being patted on the head by Petra, who wore an expression most fitting for a teacher, Garfiel could not show any resistance with both of his hands deep in the washbucket, so all he could do was roar like a tiger. Pleasantly watching over their interaction with a faint smile, Subaru could not help but feel that the tides of the state of the world were shifting in an undesirable direction.

Subaru: [At the current moment, it really feels like there’s a yellow light on the progress of the Royal Selection, but…]

From here on out, if it ended up shifting into a red light, would it ever turn back to a green light once more, so that Emilia could honestly continue to fulfill her role as a Royal Candidate?

Subaru: [――――]

In all honesty, Subaru feared now that the possibilities for the surviving princess were narrowed down to the two options of Felt and Filóre, the Royal Selection would shift into something that simply sought the answer of “which one of them is the true heir”.

Naturally, as Emilia’s one and only Knight, that was not something he could accept, but even disregarding that point of view, there was something about it that just did not sit right with him.

That was something that had also been raised as a topic while they were en route to the Royal Capital via the “Reinhard sprint” method.

Subaru: [To begin with, before Filóre ever showed up, why was there no development of Felt being decided as the next Monarch the moment she was suspected of being the princess?]

Of course, this world doubtlessly did not keep track of highly reliable evidence that would be useful for identifying individuals, such as DNA tests, fingerprint records, and dental care records.

However, even the reasons why Felt was suspected of being the princess were quite the ambiguous things, such as the rare physical features of her outward appearance and how her age lined up with that of the missing princess.

If that were enough to serve as proof of one’s lineage in this world, then it would not have been strange in the slightest for the Royal Selection to have ended on that day, moments before Subaru made a fool of himself in the Royal Castle.

Subaru: [But, that didn’t happen. The greatest reason for that was――]

Petra: [――The Dragon History Stone.]

As Subaru raised his eyebrows at having been beaten to the punch, Petra stared at him as she handed him the plate she had just finished drying upon receiving it from Garfiel.

Subaru nodded “Exactly”, and accepted both the plate and conclusion from her.

Subaru: [Throughout history, it’s been a prophetic slab that’s assisted the Kingdom in various times of crisis… though, it seems like the Dragon History Stone was what gave the instruction to hold the Royal Selection…]

Garfiel: [What’s the matter? When ya say it like that, it kinda sounds like there’s somethin’ ‘bout it that’s eatin’ at ya, Captain.]

Subaru: [No, when I first heard about it, I didn’t think much of it, you know? It’s a fantasy world, so the thought of there being those kinds of marvelous items actually raised my excitement , but…]

Petra: [But, it’s different now?]

Subaru: [Yeah. After all, I’ve now got various inklings concerning an item that can inform about things that have yet to happen… moreover, those are frequently bad inklings.]

As Subaru made a face that appeared as if he had eaten a bitter bug, Petra and Garfiel exchanged glances.

It had been nearly two years since Subaru had started life in another world, and to be frank, there was an excessive amount of things in this world that posed as future sight or the guidance of fate, but were actually just trying to put ideas into people’s heads.

In Vollachia, Abel had regarded the Stargazers with open hostility, and the Witch of Greed he had met in the tomb had given Beatrice a book of blank pages to dictate how she lived her life. And above all, he had even heard that the Gospels believed to be delivered into the hands of Witch Cultists would twist their very manner of being into something sinister.

How was the Dragon History Stone any different from those interferences that distorted fate from the sidelines?

Subaru: [I get why someone would get into the habit of relying on something if they were told it predicted the future. All the more so if it has a track record to back it up. But, the age-old trick of a conman is to let you win a little at the start, before crookedly taking a whole lot more from you later on.]

In order to drag someone into a convenient decision in the future, they would give them small, inconsequential victories within their sphere of influence.

So long as one was not aware of what they would be made to do for that utmost vital decision, there would be a risk that they might grow far too confident that whatever “fate” was telling them would be something positive for themself.

With those thoughts in mind, Subaru felt a sense of danger within the very prophecy of the Dragon History Stone, but――,

Garfiel & Petra: [――――]

Subaru: [Huh? Why are you two making faces like that?]

When Subaru conveyed the apprehensions he harbored, Garfiel and Petra stared with their eyes widened.

Though young, they were both reliable confidants when it came to intuition and reasoning respectively, so it was strange for them to have the exact same reaction to a single premise. Even if one of them were to tilt their head in confusion, the other one would be able to provide a beneficial answer. That was what he had anticipated, and yet.

Then, as Subaru marvelled at that, the two of them began to speak in succession,

Garfiel: [How should I be puttin’ this――]

Petra: [――The idea of doubting the prophecies of the Dragon History Stone, it’s so unheard of, it took me by surprise.]

Subaru: [Eh, the idea is unheard of?]

Garfiel: [Uh-huh.] / Petra: [Mm-hmm.]

As the two of them simultaneously nodded in agreement, Subaru wondered if it was some sort of joke. But, their eyes were completely earnest, with a strong hue of genuine perplexity in their expressions, causing Subaru to blink his eyes in response.

Their reaction felt like they had come into contact with something truly unforeseen, as if a question in a quiz was revealed to be solved by some logic they had never even imagined. It had been a while since he had felt this level of culture shock―― no, he had only just recently experienced it again through hearing about the hereditary succession of the throne.

Subaru: [To be honest, I think that was just a disaster of me being way too unaccustomed to a monarchy, with the King as the absolute authority… but could this be like a more deep-rooted, religious view kinda thing?]

Different climate and topography would lead to differing manners and customs, so while it was only natural for aspects of common sense to vary, he had actually come quite a long way without any major friction as a result of fundamental differences in values. He had thought he had led a relatively difficult life in another world thus far, but it seemed like he had yet to see the worst of it.

Once again, he grew to understand the weight behind this nation being called the Dragon Kingdom.

Subaru: [Petra is a sweet, beautiful girl that bloomed in a village in the sticks, and Garfiel is a golden rookie who grew up in a hidden village cut off from the rest of the world.]

Positions that, when compared to those born and raised in the big cities, would not receive the same benefits and education as citizens of the Kingdom―― even for two such individuals, the fact that they had no concept of doubting the Dragon History Stone, was proof of just how embedded faith towards the Dragon was in the collective subconscious.

If that was so for two of such origins, then those who firmly placed their identity within the Kingdom would be even less likely to arrive at the idea of disregarding the Dragon History Stone. ――That was precisely why, under the circumstances of royal absence, this nation had the foundations necessary to carry out something like the Royal Selection without any hesitation.

In that case――,

Subaru: [――The thing Crusch-san was attempting to accomplish, was truly something incredible.]

Setting aside whether that ideal was correct or not, in this world so entrenched in its faith towards said Dragon, Crusch’s advocacy to free themselves from the Covenant with said Dragon was an outrageous, humongous decision that Subaru was only now coming to comprehend.

In fact, based on public sentiment from before it started, Crusch had been the prime candidate in the Royal Selection by an overwhelming margin.

The moment the Royal Selection did not end up entirely steeped in the singular color of Crusch, it would have been clear just how difficult to accept her campaign policies were for the current Kingdom. ――At the same time, Subaru could also fathom a guess as to her aim in the White Whale Subjugation that had occurred right after the commencement of the Royal Selection.

Of course, regarding the White Whale Subjugation , Crusch would have also had feelings of wanting to allow Wilhelm, a member of her own Camp, to carry out his vengeance. However, the White Whale was one of the Three Great Witchbeasts that had tormented people for hundreds of years, so was she not trying to make a point by bringing it down through their own efforts?

To convey her own resolve and ideals, to say that even without relying on the Dragon’s Covenant, she could firmly lead the Kingdom forward.

――Ultimately, through Subaru’s interference, the Subjugation of the White Whale was also assisted by the Emilia and Anastasia Camps, and was known throughout the world as an achievement of a united military campaign between the three camps.

Even so, Crusch had not seemed to mind. After all, Wilhelm had managed to carry out his vengeance, and even while exposed to adverse winds from her surroundings, Crusch had managed to take the first step towards realizing her ideal.

And yet, Crusch’s ideal had ended up being crushed in an unexpected way――,

Subaru: [Am I an idiot? No, I am definitely an idiot.]

With his understanding reaching that point, Subaru finally became painfully aware of his own thoughtlessness.

Without truly understanding the significance of the ideal that was on the verge of being plucked away from Crusch, he had visited her and tried to provide comfort by saying he would stand by her out of shallow sympathy and compassion. Pairing that with the tale of blighted love between Crusch and the fourth prince he had heard from Ferris later at the mausoleum, just thinking about how insensitive and superficial his words had been made him want to die in a fit of anger.

But――,

Garfiel: [Ya know, Captain. I dunno ‘bout sayin’ this sorta thing, but when ya let yer emotions take over ‘n go off sayin’ this ‘n that, it’s somethin’ like “Garagockle’s Lovesickness”, but――]

Petra: [We’ve all been saved by Subaru’s rashness and recklessness, so we’d appreciate you not speaking so negatively about it…]

Garifel: [Ahh!? Ain’t that what my amazin’ self was just ‘bouta say!?]

Petra: [Sorry, I just wanted to score some points with Subaru.]

Poking her tongue out, Petra gave a playful apology, to which Garfiel heaved a crestfallen “ Roar …”.

Receiving their words, Subaru subconsciously bit down hard on the inside of his cheek. That was because at first he had been surprised, then he had immediately become uncertain of what face he ought to make.

He had regrets about his choice of words towards Crusch, but he did not want to remain grimacing in light of Petra and Garfiel’s consideration. As a result, with his expression a half-baked, incoherent one,

Subaru: […Don’t pamper me like that. If I start presuming on it, I’ll never stop.]

Petra: [Is that so? In that case, I want to start pampering Subaru even more. Right, Garf-san?]

Garfiel: [Dunno if pamperin’s the right wordin’ here, but both Captain ‘n Ottobro don’t really tend to look after yerselves even tho’ you’re always takin’ care of others. Every once in a while, it’s fine for my amazin’ self to raise ya up high in the air for a bit.]

Subaru: [Last time you did that, you sent Otto right through the ceiling…]

If he remembered it right, that was a disaster that had played out when Otto had gotten drunk after finishing up a mountain of work, and drawn in by the high spirits, Garfiel had attempted to show his appreciation for him with all his might. Otto had no lasting injuries, and his memory of the incident had vanished with the alcohol, so it was quite the laugh tale now.

Regardless――,

Subaru: [I’d thought that there were already tons of things I need to do and things I want to do, but… seems like there’s now one more thing I wanna make sure of.]

With a heart full of gratitude, Subaru reached out and rested a hand on both Garfiel and Petra’s heads. As they leaned into the ticklish head pat, Subaru narrowed his eyes at the soapsuds bubbling to the surface of the washbucket, and foaming apart.

There were countless others who were wiser and more knowledgeable than him. But if, even among such people, the significance of Subaru’s presence could be found within these actions and ideas, then――,

Subaru: [First things first, I wanna get to the bottom of what the Dragon History Stone really is.]

What sort of power it was employing, what its intent was in trying to guide them toward a particular future; he wanted to believe that, as a person from another world, casting doubt upon that was Natsuki Subaru’s advantage.

First, he would start with what he already knew. ――If he truly wished to be there for Crusch and Ferris in a way they actually desired, after they had left him feeling increasingly frustrated at his own inability to do anything.

Be that as it may――,

Subaru: […If I asked Ferris, he’d probably say that this way of thinking is prideful.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Unexpectedly finding herself listening in on the conversation taking place in the kitchen, she was earnestly wavering on whether or not to reach her hand out to the door.

???: [――Seems kinda like they’re in the middle of a conversation that’s a bit awkward to ba~rge into.]

???: [――Hk.]

???: [Ara~? Looks like I took you by surpri~se. If so, I apologi~ze.]

At the words of Meili as she popped up from behind to peer at her, Rem shook her head with a “No” as she readjusted her grip on the water pitcher in her hand.

She had paid a visit to the kitchen to refill the half-empty pitcher. Inside, Subaru, Petra, and Garfiel, responsible for cleaning up after dinner, were washing the dishes in coordination, and having a discussion regarding the Royal Selection. Reluctant to interrupt their conversation, Rem had vaguely decided she would just wait until they moved on to the next topic, and had been listening to the exchange from outside the kitchen, but――,

Meili: [Don’t you think that Subaru-oniisan has a really difficult natu~re? Why’s he always trying to shoulder everything by himself, it just makes everyone wo~rried.]

As the topic of conversation in the kitchen veered toward Subaru’s disposition―― to the part of him that would always feel excessive self-reproach, Petra and Garfiel immediately jumped in with corrections and observations, and it was clear that Subaru was starting to get flustered.

Standing behind Rem, it seemed like Meili had pictured the state of things inside, and touching upon it with her own way of phrasing, she widened her eyes and looked to Rem as if seeking her agreement.

Meili: [I wonder… Rem-oneesan, aren’t you pretty an~gry?]

Rem: […I am not angry, but my feelings are rather complicated. After all, I had only just told that person something similar to what Petra-chan and Garf told him now.]

Meili: [Ah, that sure would explain why you’d make a face like tha~t.]

Whatever the face she was making, Meili’s manner of speech seemed as if she was walking on eggshells.

Only, recalling when she had told him something similar―― when Subaru seemed like he was trying to carry the responsibility even for the death of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony who had been murdered in the Prison Tower, Rem remembered that she had hesitated to declare it purely a problem of Subaru’s disposition.

After all, she understood that the reason for Subaru thinking that way also dwelled within her own attitude.

Meili: [To begin with, the way Subaru-oniisan only ever seems to be counting his failures isn’t goo~d. Honestly, it’s so insu~lting.]

In front of Rem as she cast her eyes down from the sentimentality, and strengthened her grip on the pitcher, Meili crossed her arms and glared at the kitchen door as she spoke those words.

Rem: [It’s… insulting?]

Meili: [I mean, am I wrong? Despite appearances, even I believe that I’ve been saved by Subaru-oniisan, after a~ll. Same goes for Petra-chan and fanged onii-san, which is why they’re in there encouraging him as they are… yet for him to still be like that, isn’t it anno~ying?]

With a finger over her lips, Meili puffed out her cheeks. Seeing her pout so childishly, Rem blinked several times before bursting out into a sudden chuckle.

Meili: [Ara~, did you laugh at me just no~w?]

Rem: [I apologize. It was a tad unexpected. From my perspective, you and Petra-chan both just seemed like quite mature children for your age, and so…]

Meili: [You mean to say we’re cheeky, I wo~nder? But, although mine is just parroting what I’ve heard, Petra-chan’s is the result of actually growing up, so for both Emilia-oneesan and Rem-oneesan, if you’re careless, you might just get overtaken and end up regre~tting it.]

Rem: […I have no idea what you are talking about.]

Meili: [Really? Fufufu, rea~lly?]

That instant, Meili giggled with her hand over her mouth, elatedly smiling as if she had gotten revenge for being treated as a child.

Heaving a sigh at Meili’s response, Rem turned her gaze back toward the kitchen door,

Rem: [It seems like everyone who’s a part of this camp has been saved by that person.]

Meili: [See~ms like it. Maybe that’s exactly why it’s so hard to tell Subaru-oniisan “no” when he’s about to do something reckle~ss. ――But, I think you don’t need to wo~rry about it.]

Rem: [――?]

Meili: [After a~ll, I don’t think there’s anyone who is more shamelessly out-of-place here than I a~m.]

Holding her braid of hair in her fingers, Meili shrugged her shoulders. Catching the flicker of complex emotions that colored Meili’s voice, Rem narrowed her own pale-blue eyes.

Rem: […Though it is a bit late now, it is bitter that I do not have my Memories.]

Evidently, Meili carried circumstances that were by no means light.

Unlike Emilia and everyone else she had interacted with in the Vollachian Empire, she had only met Meili for the first time in the Kingdom of Lugunica, inside the dragon carriage that Reinhard had carried over.

From a rough explanation, she had heard that Meili was once somebody who was hostile to Subaru and the others, but not wanting to unnecessarily strain the relationship, Subaru’s explanation had been far too vague, and ultimately, she never learned exactly what sort of friction had existed between them and Meili.

Only, the intricate emotions that had emerged on her youthful face, appeared to be evidence of hesitation founded in those circumstances.

That was why――,

Rem: [Please, do not blame yourself too much either.]

Meili: [――――]

Holding her breath at Rem’s words, Meili stared at her intently. As she received that gaze head-on without averting her eyes, Meili parted her thin lips,

Meili: [Is it fine for you to say such a thi~ng? Even though I once tried to kill Rem-onee~san?]

Rem: [――. That… is quite the shock, but it is not something I remember, so…]

Meili: [Well, guess I’m lu~cky … For me to be lucky , I wonder if that’s fine?]

Rather than whispering, Meili muttered those words with a voice that seemed like it would vanish.

Still toying with her braid, her gaze fell from Rem down to the floor,

Meili: [To be honest, sometimes I think it’s too good to be tru~e… The things I’ve done being overlooked, being forgiven by the Kingdom just because of my Divine Protection… even now, I can’t help but wonder if I’m not due for some terrible retribution before lo~ng.]

Rem: [Retribution…]

Meili: [Just like how you’re praised when you do something good, you’re scolded when you do something bad, ri~ght? I’ve ended up escaping from that all this time, you kno~w?]

Perhaps feeling guilty for having been pardoned, Meili’s words were pessimistic, and pitiful.

Her deeds that had caused her to think in such a way, Rem knew not. Was her declaration that she had once tried to kill Rem to be taken as serious, or as a joke?

Perhaps, if Rem knew all the details, her thoughts might change. ――But, right now, she did not know anything.

And since she did not know, she would never get another opportunity to say the things that she could only say now; so did she believe.

Rem: [I do not mean to make it a competition, but I carry a similar anguish.]

Meili: […Rem-oneesan has something similar… to m~e?]

Rem: [Yes… After all, I do not intend to be a person so naive as to presume it is only natural when someone does a lot for me.]

What she thought back on were her own actions when she had awakened in a state bereft of Memories; in an environment with nobody she could count on, she had been terribly cold to him―― to Subaru, and repeatedly rejected his hand.

No matter how dire Rem’s circumstances had been at the time, there was a limit to how much she could justify her behavior. After all, the gifts bestowed by Subaru were by no means unlimited.

Rem: [I have no choice but to pay the compensation for that pridefulness within myself. Until that debt is settled, I believe I do not even have the right to face him.]

Meili: [――. You’re really hard on yourself, aren’t yo~u?]

Rem: [I wonder, am I really? If I consider it as a recompense for being harsh to another… to a person who cherished me, I believe it is only natural. But, that is just how it is for myself, so…]

Meili: [――?]

Taking a step to close the distance on Meili as she spoke, Rem, after a moment’s hesitation, plopped her hand on the head of the girl looking up at her curiously.

Then――,

Rem: [I don’t believe it is healthy for a child like you to live in such fear of some looming retribution, so… I will certainly fight against it for you.]

Meili: [――Ah.]

As Rem falteringly selected her words, Meili expelled a soft sigh. Then, with her eyes downcast, and Rem’s hand on her head,

Meili: [――. Even without your Memories, Rem-oneesan, I think you’re every bit a member of this ca~mp.]

Rem: […That’s, in what sense are…]

You saying that? Rem knit her brows at Meili’s down-turned head. ――It happened then.

Rem: [Kya-?!]

Suddenly, a strange sensation brushed against her hand placed upon Meili’s head, and she reflexively let out a scream.

Taking a look, a small creature had suddenly appeared on the girl’s head, making its way through her dark blue hair. At the same time as she recognized it as a scorpion of a deep crimson luster, her arms promptly jerked back into a fold, water pitcher still in hand―― the remaining half-pitcher’s worth of water, drenched Meili from the head down.

Rem & Meili: [Ah.]

Witnessing that disaster, both Rem, the aggressor, and Meili, the victim, stood frozen in shock. Atop Meili’s sodden hair, the little scorpion that had also been caught in the downpour was clacking its pincers in protest.

Even though it was the one who had brought about the fright, the scorpion itself had the audacity to still be upset about the whole affair. Furthermore, before Rem could even finish processing that shock, the door to the kitchen vigorously swung open――,

???: [Just now, didn’t I hear Rem scream!?]

Rem: […What poor timing.]

???: [Huh!? That’s the reaction I get for worrying about you!? Also what sort of situation is this!?]

Having heard her scream, Subaru had come rushing out only to be aghast upon setting foot at the scene. At Subaru’s usual liveliness, Rem momentarily hesitated on where to start explaining from.

But, faster than she could do so, a voice of laughter puffed out an “Aha-”. ――It was Meili. Having been drenched in water, she giggled, soaking together with the scorpion perched on her head,

Meili: [Ha~h, how funny. There’s not even the time to be feeling do~wn.]

Subaru: [What’s got you so refreshed? Oi, Petra! Towel ! Fetch a towel !]

Petra: [Wah, Meili-chan is dripping wet! We’ve got to get you into some dry clothes right away!]

Petra came pitter-pattering over with a towel in hand, and wiped Meili’s head dry along with the scorpion. As Meili stood there allowing that to be done to her, Rem bowed her head to her, still with the empty pitcher in hand.

Even though Rem had meant to offer Meili a comforting hand, the actual result had been a complete washout. However, as Rem reflected on that, Meili waved her hand saying “Don’t worry abou~t it”,

Meili: [Instea~d, I’ll take what you told me earlier to hea~rt.]

Rem: [――――]

Catching a glimpse of Meili’s eyes through a gap in the towel, Rem slightly widened her own in surprise. Even during that brief interaction, Petra had gone around behind Meili and, nudging her shoulders,

Petra: [Alright, let’s go get you changed. Subaru, Garf-san, there’s still tidying up left to do, but…]

Subaru: [Don’t worry, we can handle the rest. Make sure Meili doesn’t catch a cold.]

Meili: [Don’t treat me like a chi~ld.]

With that sulky mutter, Meili was led away by Petra. Right until she vanished around the corner, Meili had kept on waving her hand back at Rem.

After seeing those charming girls off, Subaru turned to Rem with an “Umm”,

Subaru: [Ah, is that Nee-sama’s water? Then, let’s just get that refilled for you first thing…]

Rem: [――. No, it is my fault that Petra-chan had to leave, so I will help.]

Subaru: [Oh? In that case, we’ll do it together?]

Evading the hand that reached for the pitcher, Rem offered her assistance instead. Upon doing so, Subaru looked a little surprised before immediately accepting, and as Rem gave him a bit of a flat stare,

Rem: […When it comes to this sort of proposal, you agree to it right away.]

Subaru: [Eh? What’s that supposed to mean?]

Rem: [It is nothing. Garf, I will be assisting as well, so please move back a bit.]

Garfiel: [That’d be a huge help, but why’s my amazin’ self the only one ya call in such a rough way?]

Rem: [Because that’s what Nee-sama called you, and for some reason, it feels right.]

With his hands in the bucket at the washbasin, Garfiel furrowed his nose. Sensing Subaru smile wryly at that, Rem reflexively was about to say something―― but she let it go.

Had she not reflected on herself just now with Meili?

Subaru: [What’s the matter, Rem, you’ve got this adorable look on your face, did something happen?]

Rem: [Hah?]

Subaru: [Sorry, I got carried away! A-alright, look, let’s get this all tidied up and then bring that water to Nee-sama!]

Subaru tried to cover up his verbal gaffe with vigor, and making a gesture of rolling up his sleeves, he ran to Garfiel’s side like the wind.

Following along with a sigh, Rem cautioned herself as strongly as she could.

Until she had settled the debts of her past actions, she would never gain the right to face this frustration.

Rem: [The road ahead still has many difficulties in store. Katya-san, Priscilla-san.]

When the day finally came that she possessed that right, just what sort of face would she show to him?

Having yet to find an answer for that, Rem whispered to those she held in deepest affection and reverence within her own heart, before joining the coordinated dish-washing, seamlessly filling the gap that Petra had left behind.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Questions rising anew, matters being posed anew; he had just decided to progress the situation, yet things did not go quite as expected.

From time to time, it would not be uncommon for one’s pace on their journey toward achieving a goal to be disrupted by a delay due to one’s environment or some unexpected turmoil.

In this case, it was the latter that had dampened Natsuki Subaru’s departure.

???: [――Fuah.]

With a soft sigh, placing their hand over their wide-open mouth, they concealed that yawn.

Although, aside from it being obvious that they had yawned, he could even see the teardrops that slowly welled up at the corners of their eyes. He had often pondered whether it would be better manners to just openly yawn, or to stifle a yawn to the point of tears. If yawning in itself was considered a breach of etiquette, then what more could be said?

???: [――Your tea.]

As he gazed at the other party with such thoughts running through his mind, gently placed upon the table was black tea brewed by Petra, demonstrating the tea-serving techniques taught to her by Ram.

As that warm aroma of fragrant tea leaves wafted through the air, the other party interrupting their own yawn with an “Oh myyy”,

???: [What a lovely fraaagrance. I feel a little ashamed, being treated so hospitably despite dropping by so suuuddenly, ehehe.]

???: [No, it’s fine. We were all just about to have tea together, so I think your “taiming” was actually good. Umm…]

???: [――Sakura Element, that’s my naaame, Emilia-chan.]

Saying so with a faint smile, the woman―― introducing herself as Sakura Element, one of the individuals connected to the Church of the Divine Dragon, freely sipped from the cup of black tea offered to her.

It had been on the periphery between early and late morning when Sakura had paid a visit to the Emilia Camp staying at the Royal Residence, right around the time when their minds were just beginning to wake up. It was not something they could say aloud, but the sudden visit without a prior appointment seemed a bit like a surprise attack――,

???: [We would have liked to greet you as well, but Emilia-sama is in quite the busy situation with much she must attend to. If you could have, we would have preferred you notified us in advance.]

It seemed that Otto had taken quite a bit of offense at how their pace had been thrown off by her.

His wording was courteous, but a hint of his objection was unmistakable in Otto’s remarks, giving Subaru the feeling that the situation had set Otto’s nerves on edge.

Subaru: [I guess letting off steam yesterday wasn’t enough… You seem to think that if you talk to them in a polite tone, you are being courteous.]

Otto: [I can hear you, you know. That is problematic, Natsuki-san.] [1]

Subaru: [Scary, it’s not even courtesy anymore, it’s a threat…]

Even if Subaru was his ally, Otto was merciless in snapping back at him; but, his preparedness for war was not a manner of scolding Subaru and the others of course, but was a result of receiving an opponent he must be wary of.

Coming right after yesterday, the Church of the Divine Dragon at the center of the controversy had arrived expressly to visit them: there was no way it was not associated with the Royal Selection.

Naturally, Sakura, who had been let into the parlor, must have possessed some cunning reason, but――,

Sakura: [――Subaru-chan, riiight? I feel a bit shy when you stare at me so inteeently.]

Subaru: [Oh, sorry. You are a beautiful woman, Sakura-san, but was that a bit impolite of me?]

Sakura: [Weeell, what a naughty boy, trying to hit on me while apologizing. I didn’t think you would be such a smooth operaaator. I’ve heard a lot of rumors about you, Subaru-chan, you knooow?]

Subaru: [Rumors? About me?]

Toward that unexpected retaliation, Subaru gestured toward himself, and Sakura smiled with a “Yes”.

Stirring her tea like that with a teaspoon, upon taking a sip from that cup once more, she exhaled in a vaguely seductive manner.

Then, tilting her head at the vague silence that had arisen,

Sakura: […Were you perhaps expecting something from meee?]

Subaru: [No, well, with the way things were going, wouldn’t I expect to hear what rumors you’ve heard about me, Sakura-san?]

Sakura: [Really? Howeeever, I’m sure Emilia-chan and the members of your camp know you much better than I dooo. At this point, does it really matter what kind of rumors are being spread about youuu, Subaru-chan?]

Beatrice: [Indeed, you say such nice things, I suppose. Truly, Betty and the others know Subaru the best, in fact. There is nothing to worry about, I suppose.]

Emilia: [Yeah. I’m reaaally proud to have such a splendid Knight.]

Beatrice on his lap, and Emilia sitting to his right, gave their stamps of approval, and while he was overjoyed, the gossip concerning Subaru was swept away in an unsatisfying manner.

In any case, the situation was that Subaru, Emilia, Beatrice, and Otto, along with Petra, who stood back along the wall, were all dealing with Sakura, who had hoisted this assault upon them without an appointment.

Currently, the impression he had of Sakura was that of a terribly elusive woman, but,

Emilia: [Sakura-san, are you a good friend of Filóre’s? I just became friends with her.]

Sakura: [Yes, I’ve heard that so much from Filóre-chan that I’m sick of iiit. She just keeps going around saying “My Emilia” this, “My Emilia” that… weeell, I’m a peer of Filóre-chan’s at the Church, so I suppose I’m something like a stand-in big sister to heeer.]

Emilia: [Filóre’s big sister!]

Subaru: [Of course, there’s quite the difference in that lovely liveliness between you sisters.]

Sakura: [I’m merely a stand-in for a big sister, you knooow. That girl grew up as a most cherished child of the Church, kept carefully hidden away, so perhaps you could say she is like the younger sister of everyone in the Church. Ehehe.]

Looking pleased, Sakura said so, the warmth of her smile remaining constant. Hence, it was an enigma as to how much of her explanation concerning Filóre they should earnestly believe.

However, the description of Filóre being raised as a cherished child of the Church that was hidden away weighed on him.

Otto: [Well then, is it correct to believe the reason that Filóre-san never appeared in public was due to the policy of the Church of the Divine Dragon?]

Sakura: [That is correeect. Weeell, that also became pointless as a result of Filóre-chan rushing out on her own with a baaang.]

Subaru: [So Filóre’s rampage was truly beyond the Church’s expectations…]

Without knowing the individual in question, it was a story that would be tremendously difficult to believe, but to Subaru, who had actually spoken with Filóre, it was an outcome completely lacking in incongruity.

Yesterday as well, she had been forcibly put in detention at the church, but at that rate, it felt like she would soon reach the limits of her patience and rush out on her own.

Sakura: [I mean, she actually did rush out. Which is why I visited the lodging of Emilia-chan and the rest of you todaaay.]

Subaru: […Eh!? Rushing out, you’re talking about today!?]

Sakura: [Yes, it was this morning. Even though I advised her yesterday about the tasks we had to complete today, she’s really such a troublemaker…]

Subaru: [Wait, wait, wait, is it really fine to just treat her as a little miss troublemaker and then go about drinking tea!?]

Though it had not been broadly announced, there could be no doubt that Filóre had quickly climbed the ladder into becoming an important figure for the Kingdom. How was it that the one appointed to be her overseer could relax here so leisurely while such a girl was acting on her own?

Sakura, laughing with an “Ehehe” to Subaru and the others, flustered as they were, as if it were someone else’s problem,

Sakura: [Please rest assured when it comes to that. Believe it or nooot, I know where Filóre-chan is headed. To be precise, it’s where her friend Emilia-chan iiis.]

Emilia: [Ah, is that what it is. She’s coming to where I am… she hasn’t come though!?]

Subaru: [She didn’t come yet, did she!?]

She had seemed to think that it would be grounds for relief, but instead, that information had failed to serve that role, and they had resumed their panic.

From Sakura’s confident-sounding wording, it would seem she had something like a note from Filóre that indicated her destination, but no one in the camp had caught sight of the girl in question. Naturally, neither Petra nor Otto knew of her whereabouts either.

Subaru: [Beako obviously doesn’t know either. She’s been with me all day today since I woke up.]

Beatrice: [In fact. Betty went to bed and got up early together with Subaru, brushed her teeth together with Subaru, and had breakfast together with Subaru after doing radio calisthenics together with Subaru, I suppose. During all of that, she didn’t see that noisy girl at all, in fact.]

Emilia: [Wh-what should we do? What if something were to happen to Filóre…?]

Coming face to face with this, Subaru and the others were incredibly worried over the whereabouts of the missing Filóre.

When she had suddenly appeared, they were surprised by her existence, but now that she had abruptly vanished, she had caused an entirely different shock. It was as if Filóre was a tempest in human form.

And, next to the flustered Subaru and Emilia, Otto let out a soft sigh.

Subaru: [Hey, what’s that about, Otto… ah! No way, were you thinking that since it’s the source of our worries, you would rather she just vanished so it would cause less problems in the future…?]

Beatrice: [Otto, that’s seriously a bit too much like Roswaal, I suppose…]

Otto: [Please stop causing damage to my reputation. You too, Beatrice-chan, do not look at me with those eyes… Just to confirm, is Filóre-san wearing the habit of the Church of the Divine Dragon?]

His veins bulging in response to the knowing glance Subaru and Beatrice shared, Otto then verified Filóre’s attire with Sakura.

Upon Sakura’s response to that question of an “Of cooourse” and a nod,

Otto: [Then I would not worry about it. Unless something extraordinary were to occur, a woman dressed as a nun of the Church of the Divine Dragon should not get wrapped up in any trouble on the street.]

Emilia: [Really? Petra-chan, is that true?]

Petra: [Indeed, I believe it’s as Otto-san says. If someone from the Church were to get in trouble, I believe someone around them would certainly offer to help.]

Upon hearing Otto and Petra’s conviction on the matter, as if it was only natural, Subaru and Emilia could only say “Is that so?”, as if seeing a new perspective. [2]

Subaru: [But, that’s only if she gets in trouble on the street, right? If there’s a development like… like falling into the wicked, evil clutches of some malicious individual, even that wouldn’t be foolproof, right?]

Otto: [What are you talking about? A person riddled with wickedness, evil, malice… based on that attitude of Sakura-san’s, it seems such worries are unnecessary. The reason she is here in the first place is――]

Sakura: [――Otto-chan, you’re quite quick-witted, aren’t youuu? Exactly, I am here in anticipaaation.]

Right as Otto was convinced of the conclusion he had attempted to state, Sakura snatched it away from him and spoke of the reason for her visit to the Royal Residence herself.

The way she had put it was subtly lacking in its explanation, but its substance, together with the recklessness of the real Filóre, provided Subaru in particular with an answer, a step behind Otto.

Subaru: [In other words, Filóre left to go to where Emilia-tan is, but because she doesn’t know the exact location, she’ll have to gather information here and there while on her way…]

Beatrice: [Stand-in for a big sister, you anticipated the eventual arrival of Filóre here, which is why you are drinking tea with Betty and everyone else, in fact.]

Sakura: [Clap clap clap, you’re spot on. The children here at Emilia-chan’s place are awfully briiilliant.]

Sakura praised her with gentle applause, but Subaru and the others were not so naive as to take her compliments at face value. Besides, even combining the kindness of the Church of the Divine Dragon towards humanity with the initiative of Filóre, he could not be certain as to whether this woman was definitively safe.

He wondered if Emilia had the same concerns, and as she furrowed her shapely eyebrows,

Emilia: [Sakura-san, you’re so confident, but I’m worried about Filóre. I’ll just go take a little look around here――]

Rem: [――Emilia-san, if I may. A guest has arrived.]

Those worries of Emilia’s were perfectly interrupted by the sound of Rem knocking on the door of the parlor. Everyone’s gaze instinctively swiveled toward the door, and repeating “A guest?”, Emilia tilted her head.

Immediately after, the door was blown open from the other side with such force and a bam ――,

???: [――It’s terrible, Emilia! Please save your friend!]

Emilia: [Filóre!?]

Before Emilia’s eyes, widened in astonishment, the one who rushed into the parlor in a tizzy was none other than Filóre, the very one who had been the topic of conversation.

Those crimson eyes of hers wet with tears, she dashed over to Emilia, who was staring at her, and dove headfirst into her chest without slowing her momentum at all. The force of it had been nearly that of a headbutt, but Emilia easily withstood that attack of Filóre’s and caught her.

Emilia: [Wah, you surprised me. Are you okay, Filóre? Are you hurt?]

Filóre: [Yeah, yeah, I’m okay… no, I’m not! I’m falling apart! Look, it’s not my body, but my mind that’s falling apart!]

Emilia: [Oh no, that’s terrible… where should I look?]

Filóre: [I don’t know either, so just squeeze me!]

Emilia: [Okay! Squeeze!]

Immediately upon her entrance, Filóre dyed the space in her own hue with tremendous momentum. Emilia’s manliness shone as she went with the flow, responding without hesitation.

As he watched the two of them embrace like that, Petra came up next to him, and lightly pulling on the sleeve of Subaru’s tracksuit,

Petra: […Is that the rumored Saintess-sama?]

Subaru: [That is the rumored Saintess-sama indeed. What do you think? How different is she from the image you had?]

Petra: [Perhaps it’s quite a bit different… ah, but I think that’s fine. What constitutes a Saintess likely varies from person to person.]

Subaru: [An age of diversity even when it comes to Saintesses, huh… can’t say that really speaks to me.]

Even though Petra was both a good listener and a good speaker, she struggled to put into words how overwhelmed she was.

In any case, the worst-case scenario of Filóre roaming alone throughout the Royal Capital, never to arrive at the Royal Residence, had been averted for now.

Subaru: [And then, there is the objective of Filóre, who’s going so far as to ask us for help, but…]

Beatrice: [For the time being, it doesn’t give off a good feeling, I suppose.]

Subaru completely agreed with Beatrice’s anticipation. Ignoring them, Emilia spoke in a hushed voice to Filóre, who was calming down little by little within her arms, and while soothing her,

Emilia: [So, can you tell me what happened? What do you mean by “save you”?]

Filóre: [That, the thing is… things have become quite disastrous, Emilia.]

Emilia: [Disastrous… gulp .]

At that pompous wording of Filóre’s, Emilia swallowed with a loud gulping noise. Looking at Emilia from up close, Filóre continued.

It was――,

Filóre: [――It seems I must participate as a Candidate in the Royal Selection!]

Her voice quavering tearfully, Filóre lamented that undue fate that had befallen her.

Hearing this, Emilia’s amethyst eyes widened, Otto put his hand to his forehead, Petra bit a lip upon her cute face, and Subaru and Beatrice looked at each other, and then,

Subaru: [As expected…] Beatrice: [That bad feeling was proven right, in fact.]

Filóre: [What in the world am I ever to do… geh! Sakura!?]

At the same time the unpleasant foresight of Subaru and Beatrice came true, Sakura, whose presence had been unnoticed by Filóre due to having her back to the parlor’s entrance, waved at her.

Upon this unexpected encounter with her family, Filóre, the one who had brought such an uproar with her, opened her mouth so very, very wide, that it seemed like her jaw would fall off. ――The beautiful girl had been reduced to naught.

Translation Note:

[1] – Otto is emphasizing the politeness markers (です and 〜ます) in his speech here, which we have rendered here as him emphasizing words that might otherwise be contracted as “y’know” or “that’s”.

[2] – What is translated in this sentence as “seeing a new perspective” is in fact an idiom that can be translated literally as “fish scales falling from their eyes”. This idiom originates from the Book of Acts in the New Testament (specifically Acts 9:18), from the story of the conversion of Saul (later the Apostle Paul) to Christianity on the road to Damascus, where after seeing a vision of Jesus that would lead him to convert, he was blinded. Later, his sight was restored and it is said something like the scales of a fish fell away from his eyes as he was healed. Since Christian imagery and themes are common throughout Re:Zero, we figured giving some extra context would not hurt.

--- Chapter 11: The Reason the Dragon Gem Shines ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [Don’t you think that Sakura and Tiga are just heartless? If I’d known things would turn out like this, even I… even I…!]

???: [Have you ever thought of saving someone with the Sacrament out of self-preservation befooore?]

???: [I probably would have done it anyway, but the way I’d feel about it would be completely different depending on whether I knew or not!]

Wailing with teary eyes, Filóre glared at Sakura, who sat directly in front of her, and she apparently seemed earnestly aware of her own impulsivity, having completed some proper self-analysis.

Sakura, who had styled herself as a stand-in for her older sister, frowning at that outburst of Filóre’s,

Sakura: [Even if you put it like that, the ones inconvenienced would be us all the saaame. Subaru-chan, Beatrice-chan, you two understand me, riiight?]

Subaru: [I don’t get why you’re dragging me and Beako into this, but I more or less get that the situation was inevitable.]

Beatrice: [Regardless of where responsibility lies, one can imagine from your exchange that Filóre was the one who created such an impetus, I suppose.]

Saying so, Subaru and Beatrice shook their heads incredulously in perfect sync, expressing their opinions on the query from Sakura, who was sitting right beside them.

Incidentally, the seating arrangement on the sofas, which faced each other in the parlor, was currently Emilia and Otto on the host side, with Filóre clinging onto Emilia’s arm, and Sakura on the guest side, along with Subaru and Beatrice sitting side-by-side, having changed seats.

In addition to Petra, who had stood by the wall since the beginning, Rem, who had shown Filóre in, joined her, adding to the evergrowing liveliness of the parlor.

Subaru: [That said, the source of the increase in volume is mostly Filóre’s fault anyway. To begin with, why are we even sitting on this side? It’s a strange pairing.]

Filóre: [My goodness! Emilia, did you hear that? That Subaru, he’s trying to tear apart two incomparable friends, myself and Emilia. Don’t tell me, are you a spy for the Church…?]

Beatrice: [No matter how you look at it, the only one who is a spy for the Church is you, in fact.]

Beatrice gave a sigh of lament at Filóre, who wore a countenance as if to say she was filled with dread. Emilia, whose arm was still clutched in Filóre’s grip, patted her friend’s head despite her wry smile,

Emilia: [Geez, don’t look at Subaru like that, Filóre. Subaru is reaaally sweet, and he’d never come between us. To begin with, my relationship with Subaru is completely different from my relationship with you, okay?]

Filóre: [O-of course, I agree… By the way, which one is more important to you?]

Emilia: [Eh? Well…]

Filóre: [Actually, it’s fine! Don’t say it! This too, is in the scriptures! “The Dragon bestows ordeals upon us, out of love. Just as gold scorched by flames shall gain further purity, so too shall the soul, through adversity born of that love, emanate a brilliance worthy of the Dragon’s will”!]

With her head bowed and clinging to her scriptures, Filóre no longer seemed like a devout adherent of the Church of the Divine Dragon, but rather was simply covering up that which was inconvenient with the doctrines of the scriptures.

Due to her having cut Emilia off, Subaru’s chance to hear where he stood in Emilia’s heart from her own mouth was snatched away, leaving him feeling unsettled.

That aside――,

Emilia: [About what we were talking about earlier… you said Filóre will be participating in the Royal Selection, so is she taking Priscilla’s place after all?]

Ignoring Filóre, whose face was now cycling between red and blue all by itself, Emilia’s question was aimed at Sakura, sitting across from her.

Sakura’s drowsy, drooping eyes narrowing slightly,

Sakura: […At the very least, there’s no doubt Priscilla-chan’s death is part of the reaaason. Otherwise, it would contradict the account of the Dragon History Stooone.]

Otto: [After all, there are to be five Dragon Priestesses, those who qualify as Royal Candidates as recorded upon the Dragon History Stone… according to the policy of the Church of the Divine Dragon, you cannot go against that, can you?]

Sakura: [Of course, since that premise had collapsed, we took it as our chance and brazenly strolled into the Castle… please don’t think of it as something like thaaat. Even if, by chance, Priscilla-chan’s absence allows a vacancy for the position of Dragon Priestess, the Church’s policy is to maintain our distaaance.]

Otto: [However, that did not occur. The reason for that is…]

Otto deliberately left his conclusion unspoken, but the gazes of everyone present gathered upon Filóre, who had given rise to the first ripple that had led to this situation.

Her throat tightened at the discomfort of having those eyes upon her, and then, clinging to Emilia,

Filóre: [Th-that’s wrong, Emilia! I never had even the slightest intention of becoming your enemy! It was just a stroke of bad luck! F-f-f-for the most part!]

As her face turned pale, Filóre’s eyes snapping wide as she whipped around to glare at Sakura,

Filóre: [For the most part, I would complain that the Church’s predisposition to covering things up is suspicious! All of this, it was wrong to have raised me so sheltered until now! I mean, it’s not that I didn’t think it was easy-peasy being exempt from the studies the other children had to take, but to think that it would tear me and Emilia apart… it’s not my fault!]

Emilia: [There, there, don’t cry, Filóre. I’m not angry at all, and I’ve never thought of the other Royal Candidates as my enemies.]

Filóre: [E-Emiliaaa… hk.]

The way Emilia gently stroked her head soothed Filóre’s unruly heart.

Seeing this exchange, Sakura let out an “Oh myyy”, and brought her hand to her mouth with an astonished face,

Sakura: [Usually, she’d be rambling on and on from here, but Emilia-chan, you’re so good at dealing with Filóre-chan… is there some kind of trick to it, or somethiiing?]

Subaru: [Putting aside the quips about every Filóre being rendered powerless before Emilia-tan’s tender tolerance… ultimately, what exactly is Filóre doing here?]

Based on her behavior so far, he knew this was not a proclamation of war against the Royal Selection. He thought there was no way she had seriously run through the Royal Capital just to whine and make excuses.

Beatrice: [Really, I suppose? It would hardly be a surprise if that were the case, in fact.]

Subaru: [I’m with you there, but since that won’t advance the conversation…]

Filóre: [Wait just a minute. Do you think I am that witless? Certainly, I often act without thinking, but today is different. I have a proper strategy.]

Subaru: [A strategy?]

Filóre: [Yes, a strategy! I don’t wish to partake in the Royal Selection. However, I wish to use the Sacrament and fulfill my duty as a Saintess. Therefore, I’ll have my friend Emilia shelter me, and save the people of Pristella in secret! How about it!?]

Subaru: [Is this an evil plan cooked up by a criminal organization from a Sunday morning cartoon?]

It was a plan so sloppy that even a child could poke holes in it. Since her goal was helping others, it was not even an evil plan in the first place, but the most glaring issue was that Sakura had already found out about it.

Ultimately, it was a scheme where she had tripped over her own feet before even reaching the starting line.

Subaru: [Besides, it would look terrible if we were to do something like abducting a Saintess of the Church of the Divine Dragon.]

Petra: [Emilia-neesama has that sort of side too, but having no self-awareness about being a bomb is quite dangerous, isn’t it?]

Filóre: [Huh, does that mean Emilia and I are a good match…?]

Beatrice: [That isn’t something to be bashful about, I suppose.]

Where was the basis for that confidence, with Filóre’s plan having been so tragically rejected?

Moreover, Subaru thought Filóre was taking the whole situation a bit too lightly. For a while now, she had been trying to steer the conversation in the direction of her declining to participate in the Royal Selection, but――,

Emilia: [Qualification as a Royal Candidate isn’t something you can just abandon on a whim. Isn’t that right?]

Subaru: [Emilia-tan…]

Emilia: [I also study hard everyday. I’m sure I understand the Kingdom much better than I did at the beginning… and also the binding power of what is written upon the Dragon History Stone. I had my reasons for wanting to participate in the Royal Selection, but I’m sure that even without them, I don’t think I could have refused.]

Staring at Filóre, who was clinging onto her arm, Emilia’s words spilled out earnestly.

It was understandable that the Royal Candidates had no right to refuse. He had spoken with Garfiel and Petra the night before, but the Covenant with the Dragon was solidly and deeply rooted within the Dragon Kingdom.

Actually, Felt had once tried to refuse participation in the Royal Selection. However, she had been forced to participate in exchange for the safety of Rom-jii, who had tried to steal her away.

That meant there was a certain compulsion for the Kingdom to stop at nothing in order to induce the participation of the Dragon Priestesses described by the Dragon History Stone.

Emilia was declaring that the same now applied to Filóre.

Filóre: [But… but, that’s not what I wanted, you know?]

Emilia: [Right, I’m sure you didn’t. I also think that if you hadn’t been able to make the insignia shine, Filóre, then we wouldn’t be having this conversation… However, the Dragon Gem shone, and you were selected, Filóre. I’m sure you understand the significance of that better than anyone.]

Filóre: [Uuugh…]

As Emilia spoke to her with a tone that almost felt motherly, Filóre hung her head weakly.

Filóre was a nun of the Church of the Divine Dragon. Needless to say, as one who held such faith, love, and reverence for the Dragon, it put her in the position where she truly felt the binding power of the Dragon History Stone’s account stronger than anyone else.

It could even be said that her behavior up to this point had been a childish escape from reality.

However――,

Filóre: [In that case… indeed, in that case, how about this? Emilia and I will form an alliance of friendship. And then, I’ll do everything in my power to help Emilia become the Monarch. If we do so, then the Royal Selection…]

Emilia: [Thank you, Filóre. ――But, I would reaaally hate that.]

Quietly, but with unwavering firmness, Emilia clearly made that declaration.

Filóre’s throat echoed delicately with a “Hiu” before the nobility of that voice like a silver bell. To make her point clear, Emilia felt around in her pocket, and opened her palm to reveal the insignia she had grabbed.

As soon as she did, the overflowing crimson radiance of the Dragon Gem shone across the parlor of the Royal Residence with a dazzling light.

Emilia: [I said so before, but I had reasons I wanted to participate in the Royal Selection from the very beginning.]

While demonstrating the brilliance of the Dragon Gem, Emilia spoke so that Filóre would listen.

Emilia’s initial motivation to join the Royal Selection had been to use the power of the Dragon’s Blood kept in the Royal Castle to save her hometown, which had been frozen in ice. But as time went on, as she met others, and as she learned more, Emilia’s sentiments regarding the Royal Selection were now beginning to change.

However, that initial desire would neither change nor vanish.

And――,

Emilia: [It’s the same for the others as well. Crusch-san had her own, Anastasia-san had her own, Felt-chan had her own… and Priscilla had her own. We all have our own things we wanted to achieve, and so we all joined the Royal Selection. No, that’s wrong.]

Filóre: [Wrong? What’s wrong about it?]

Emilia: [I’m sure that those who can make the Dragon Gem shine, have reasons to participate in the Royal Selection… they all have something that they can only achieve if they are part of it. If so, what is it for you?]

Filóre: [For… me…?]

Emilia gave Filóre, who was blinking in dumbfounded amazement, a valiant and lovely smile.

She had suggested supporting her friend Emilia’s desires should she become a Royal Candidate, but Emilia could not quite accept that was Filóre’s own desire.

Emilia would not recognize her inclusion into the Royal Selection of the Kingdom of Lugunica for such a reason.

Emilia: [Please, don’t say that you don’t want to as soon as it is asked of you, due to feeling overwhelmed. Think about it reaaally carefully. I’m sure you won’t be able to refuse joining the Royal Selection anyway. However, I don’t want someone who joins just because they feel they have no choice but to take Priscilla’s seat.]

――It was a resolute statement, a wish, and also a prayer.

Filóre: [――――]

Filóre blinked at Emilia, who had directly expressed everything within her heart. No one said a thing regarding the tension swelling between the two of them, coming in contact with each other with zero distance between them.

Neither Subaru, nor anyone else, wanted to insert their presence into the silence born between them. ――So as not to introduce any needless impurities into the decision to come.

Filóre: [――Yes.]

It was Emilia, watching Filóre closer than anyone, who created ripples upon the surface of that silence. She narrowed her eyes, framed by her long lashes, and gave the insignia in her hand to Filóre.

Filóre reflexively accepted that which was offered to her. ――Even if it was due to its lack of awareness, the insignia’s Dragon Gem chose not when to shine.

Filóre: [――If… if I were to… participate in the Royal Selection…]

As Filóre muttered this, the Dragon Gem illuminated within her hand, just as it had in Emilia’s. As it glistened with a light the same color as her own eyes, Filóre made a declaration.

In the face of that unescapable destiny known as the Royal Selection that had been thrust upon her, what sort of principles would she proclaim?

Filóre: [I wish to reform the relationship between the Church and the state that has existed up till now. So that those within the Castle and those of the Church will no longer hesitate to extend a hand to the other due to some strange, stubborn formality.]

Emilia: [――――]

Filóre: [If I were to become the Monarch, I would make this a country where none would hesitate to help others in need.]

It was nothing more than idealism that had been instilled in her, the full details of which were currently quite lacking.

Yet, in Filóre’s own way, she wished to break the fetters and frustrations that she had experienced growing up and living as a member of the Church of the Divine Dragon, and make the world a better place.

And, now that she was able to tout such principles, there were none who could laugh at Filóre, deride her as someone elevated to her high position against her own will by those around her, or call her begrudging participation in the Royal Selection merely a means to fill a vacancy.

Otto: […As I thought, I ought to have turned away all visits without an appointment .]

Subaru heard Otto mutter that under his breath, in response to the conclusion Filóre had reached.

Dressed lightly without his hat or mantle, as he ran his fingers through his wavy, gray hair absent-mindedly, he appraised the occurrence happening there.

In truth, Subaru could understand why Otto felt like saying that.

Subaru: [After all, a super strong rival has made an appearance just now.]

Otto: [I think this is a laughably self-destructive move on our part, however… the fact that it was none other than our own leader that encouraged it is what is troublesome.]

Subaru: [Relax. The stronger the opponent, the stronger Emilia-tan becomes, so something like this gives me a good feeling.]

Otto: [If you are trying to cheer me up, could you not tell me something less objectionable than that!?]

Beatrice: [Naturally, Betty would like to feel sorry for Otto right now, in fact. However…]

Beatrice trailed off and narrowed her eyes, and gazing toward what shone radiantly before them―― toward Emilia and Filóre, Subaru concurred with that opinion.

Certainly, if one were to limit themselves to only the event that had occurred, it probably ought to have been labeled as a foolish act. An amusing image of Roswaal falling to his knees upon hearing that news afterwards came to mind.

Nevertheless, it was worth it. In exchange for the appearance of a super strong rival, one thing was certain――,

Emilia: [――I absolutely will not lose to Filóre.]

――Because without a doubt, Emilia, who aspired to be the Monarch, had been able to show her true colors.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――And so, I respectfully accept your request for my participation in the Royal Selection.]

With one hand placed on her chest, and the other causing the insignia to shine with a sparkle, Filóre made that proclamation with majesty, with boldness, and without hesitation.

This was the Royal Castle, but rather than the throne room where they would be summoned if something significant were to occur, it was a conference room that appeared to be used for slightly more compact discussions. In a space about the size of a school classroom, a round table capable of accommodating approximately twenty people around its circumference had been placed there, and traditionally, briefings between the Council of Wise Men and civil officials of the Castle had often been held here.

Emilia: [See, on the day the Royal Selection started, after Subaru was kicked out of the chamber, we all moved to this conference room to discuss things.]

Subaru: [Ah, offstage from me getting thrashed by Julius.]

Emilia: [I still can’t remember, but… Subaru, you had a fight with Julius? You must have… made up properly. That’s why the two of you are reaaally good friends.]

Subaru: [Setting aside whether he and I are reaaally good friends, it was a necessary event for Emilia-tan and I to become reaaally good friends.]

Subaru responded to Emilia’s whispered description with a crooked smile.

In a world where Julius’s Name was yet lost, Subaru did not feel like delving deeply into how those involved recollected his disgrace upon that day, even as a form of admonishment.

Fortunately, the conference room had a noticeable amount of empty seats on this occasion, and there were few people here who were involved on that day. ――After all, this was a so-called top-secret meeting, with only a minimum number of those involved from each camp, and for the Emilia Camp, that was limited to only Emilia and Subaru, as well as his partner Beatrice.

Although, one of these extremely limited participants, an elderly man with a distinctive long beard who greeted them, was indeed one of the individuals involved with that day.

That elderly man―― Miklotov McMahon, member of the Council of Wise Men, while watching Filóre reach a rather preferable change of heart,

Miklotov: [Hrrrmm. We are immensely grateful for that response, even though we were the ones to make such demands, but… could you please inform me once more? I did give my permission, but for what reason did you have Emilia-sama and Natsuki-dono join us here?]

Filóre: [I received advice from their counsel this morning before coming to the Castle. Emilia is an irreplaceable friend of mine, and Subaru is her Knight… to be honest, I wanted to bring along everyone from the Emilia Camp who helped support me in declaring my resolve.]

???: [As you can imagine, if you were to do that, the Church, as well as myself, would be in a rather awkward positiiion.]

When Filóre responded to Miklotov’s inquiry, the sole individual to accompany her from the Church, Sakura, made a troubled face whilst uttering those words.

Filóre seemed dissatisfied with that answer, but since it would be odd for all the members of the Emilia Camp to be gathered en masse for such a ceremonious event, Sakura’s view was likely the appropriate one.

However, compared to the impressions left upon Subaru, Miklotov, stroking his long beard, seemed to have been struck by a different portion of what Filóre had said.

The wise elder’s astute eyes narrowed, and as he let out his habitual sigh with a “Hrrrmm”――,

Miklotov: [A friend, you say. Miss Filóre from the Church of the Divine Dragon, and Emilia-sama.]

Subaru: […Is that it? Emilia-tan is a silver-haired half-elf, and Filóre is a nun of the Church of the Divine Dragon, is that what you are trying to get at?]

Emilia: [Hold on, Subaru…]

Picking up on his muttering, Emilia chided Subaru as he instinctively began to act hastily.

Still, there were no dependable comrades from their camp present outside of Subaru and Beatrice. Thus, Subaru must speak to Miklotov impactfully on everyone’s behalf.

As the one and only Knight entrusted with Emilia, he must adamantly contend with such absurdity.

Subaru: [Miklotov-san, you must be aware of Emilia’s achievements over the past year and a half. We all know of and have taken account of such things, and yet, I wish the higher-ups of this country would stop continuously taking such a prejudiced view of her. Speaking of her as a half-elf, is it not enough already?]

Miklotov: [Saying, “Is it not enough”, seems to show a bit of a disregard for public sentiment. From the start, it was obvious that Emilia and the Witch had nothing further in common beyond appearance and race… however, that alone is momentous. You must understand, do you not?]

Subaru: [Ngh…]

Using his experienced artistry when it came to rhetoric, Miklotov caused Subaru, who had been berating him rather assuredly, to waver. The problem here, once more, was the common sense rooted within the inhabitants of this world, that which would never well up from within Subaru as his own true feelings.

And that was not confined to the silver-haired half-elf, Emilia.

Miklotov: [Inevitably, the fact that you, a nun of the Church of the Divine Dragon, will become a Candidate for the Royal Selection will surely come as a great surprise for many people. It will also be a major departure from convention. This was an exceedingly thorny decision to make.]

Filóre: […Yes, I am well aware of that fact. And yet…]

Miklotov: [Hrrrmm. “And yet”… what is it that you wish to ask?]

Filóre: [――. And yet, if that is indeed the case, then just why did you go to such lengths for me to enter the Royal Selection?]

That doubt, weaved from Filóre’s lips, was indeed a natural question to ask.

Miklotov’s wording just then gave a glimpse into the state of affairs: that the Royal Castle, for its part, was not in any way readily accepting of a Royal Candidate from the Church of the Divine Dragon.

Filóre: [I’m also a nun of the Church of the Divine Dragon… and although I naturally understand rigid adherence to the record of the Dragon History Stone, the fact remains that even with Priscilla Barielle… that even with her passing, five individuals with the qualifications of a Dragon Priestess had been gathered, and the Royal Selection had begun. The record shouldn’t have been distorted.]

Beatrice: [Or perhaps, has the account of the Dragon History Stone been updated, I suppose? Are you saying that, when lacking five Priestesses, a replacement Priestess was found and it was rewritten as if to promote her, in fact?]

Miklotov: [No, we have received no such report that the record of the Dragon History Stone has changed. Merely, rather than our intentions regarding this matter, it is more a question of national sentiment.]

Subaru: [National…] Emilia: [Sentiment?]

Subaru and Emilia tilted their heads, as if question marks were floating above them regarding Miklotov’s answer. And then, lowering his voice slightly,

Miklotov: [It shall become public knowledge in due course, but for now, this is confidential. In truth, it appears that rumors are already circulating through the streets. ――That Duchess Karsten was granted salvation by a Saintess of the Church of the Divine Dragon.]

Subaru & Emilia: [――!]

Miklotov: [A gag order was imposed within the Royal Castle regarding this matter. Of course, even if you keep information locked up, it will still seep out like raindrops… however, even rumors that the Saintess in question possesses the same characteristics as the long-since vanished princess of Lugunica have spread substantially.]

Subaru: [Isn’t that basically all the information in its entirety being leaked!?]

Miklotov’s face clouded over with bitterness, but if it was indeed true, then it meant that the Royal Castle’s attempt at information control had ended in a completely ill-prepared failure.

Subaru: [I think there’s no way, but Filóre… were you so delighted to have saved Crusch-san that, in your good mood, you spread your own achievement around?]

Beatrice: [Betty has been convinced, I suppose.]

Filóre: [Please don’t be! Also, I didn’t do any such thing! Even I have common sense! Well, I may have told some people close to me, wanting to use them to persuade the people of the Church. But, they shouldn’t have spread it around town!]

Subaru: [Hmmm, Beako?]

Beatrice: [Let’s say that it’s gray as close to black as it can get, in fact.]

Subaru more or less agreed with Beatrice’s scathing evaluation.

He pitied Filóre, stomping her feet in vexation, but no matter how much she insisted that she had not done so, the feeling that she had indeed could not be erased; such was the impression he had of the girl up to now.

In any case, no matter whoever might have been responsible for the dissemination of such rumors――,

Emilia: [Then, perhaps there are rumors that Filóre made the insignia shine as well? And since it would be strange for Filóre to not be included as a Royal Candidate, everyone is peeved?]

Miklotov: [Talk has yet to go that far. However, news of Priscilla-sama’s death will soon be announced to the public. If Miss Filóre’s existence has become known by that time, naturally the streets will overflow with voices calling for her participation in the Royal Selection.]

Subaru: [So before that happens, you want to finish laying all the groundwork in advance, huh…]

If Filóre’s participation was a matter of course anyway, it would keep things more transparent for everyone to quickly advance the conversation. While on one hand, he could understand such arrangements by the adults, but sure enough, he was somewhat bothered by Filóre’s lack of a veto.

Had she not been able to discuss this with Emilia beforehand, Filóre would have joined in the worst possible frame of mind, completely lacking the necessary mettle of a Royal Candidate.

Sakura: [Now, now, don’t frown like thaaat, Subaru-chan. We successfully came to a conclusion somehow or another, so that means we’re fine, riiight?]

Subaru: […Is this fine with you, Sakura-san? Initially, Filóre wasn’t supposed to have left the Church, or rather, her participation in the Royal Selection was unforeseen, right?]

Sakura: [――Whether they want it or not, the leaves of the trees are nothing but at the whim of the wind and water.]

Subaru: [――――]

As Sakura’s tone of voice suddenly fell, Subaru could not help but look embarrassed.

Those few words were filled with a poignant sense of emptiness―― loaded with vacuous resignation, almost as if it were that of an old tree, agape with a large hollow, withering to naught.

It nearly even felt like, rather than speaking about Filóre, those words were rather about Sakura herself, about her own resignation.

Sakura: [Weeell, that which will happen, will haaappen. To begin with, even if she has the drive to do so, she is a year and a half behind the other children, so she might not be able to compeeete.]

Filóre: [Excuse me, Sakura! Why do you have to put a damper on my enthusiasm like that! If I’m going to do it, I’m going to win… my tenacity is truly that of the Dragon’s!]

Subaru: [I’ve been curious, what does the Church of the Divine Dragon think of the way Filóre carelessly makes light of the Dragon?]

Sakura: [Blasphemy, or something along those liiines.]

Filóre: [Blasphemy!!]

It was more scathing than he had anticipated, but as expected, it seemed that they deemed it as behavior not to be endorsed. Filóre maintained a stance utterly distant from the typical image of a Saintess.

At any rate, with most of his questions answered, Subaru now had a general grasp on the purpose of this top-secret meeting and the rationale behind why the participants had been so tightly restricted. That was to say, this was an informal notice, confirming the intentions and plans of the parties involved, before the proper public announcement.

And, when he thought about it that far, suddenly, Subaru’s anxiety spiked.

That was――,

Subaru: [Say, Filóre, if you are also going to become a Royal Candidate, does that mean you will also appoint a Knight like the other Candidates, like Emilia-tan did with me?]

Emilia: [Ah, Subaru, you might have a misunderstanding about that.]

Subaru: [A misunderstanding?]

Emilia: [Umm, it just so happens that all of us Royal Candidates are attended by Knights, but that’s not an absolute rule. After all, Anastasia-san and I didn’t form a Knight Contract with Julius and you from the start, right?]

Subaru: [That’s true for me, but Julius was Anastasia’s Knight from the beginning.]

Emilia: [Ah, that’s right. I’ll have to remember that properly, for Julius’s sake.]

While Emilia made a minor correction due to the influence of the missing Name, Subaru, however, was convinced by that explanation. Indeed, at the outset, Roswaal had accompanied Emilia as her backer, but Subaru had been absent as a Knight―― or rather, he had not yet won that trust.

Therefore, perhaps being a Royal Candidate did not necessitate having a Knight.

Subaru: [But, I do think going through the hassle of finding one would bring you more prestige. What are you going to do? The only one close to Filóre that could fulfill the requirements would be… maybe my friend ?]

Emilia: [ “Mai fhriend” … that’s Tiga, right? Still, that might be nice. Filóre also seems to be reaaally close with Tiga…]

Filóre: [Ehhh, my Knight being Tiga? That doesn’t feel the least bit special.]

Clasping her hands together in front of her chest, Emilia was in complete agreement with Subaru’s nomination, and yet Filóre booed that choice with incredible vigor.

Filóre: [Well, Tiga is skillful, so if appointed as a Knight, he would probably do well and not make any mistakes, but he scolds me a lot and is quick to doubt me whenever something happens, so I suppose he lacks the necessary respect and loyalty for a Knight. Besides, even though he’s not a Knight, it won’t change that he still accompanies me here and there even now, so there’s no point in going out of my way to name him as my Knight. Rejected! I do reject it!]

Subaru: [Well, it is your Knight, so I think you should do as you like… huh? In the first place, how would one usually even go about appointing a Knight?]

For example, in Subaru’s case, he was conferred his Knighthood by Emilia, and was immediately installed as her Knight, which was how he acquired his current position; but, what of Reinhard or Julius?

Receiving a Knight should not have been something restricted solely to Royal Candidates, but Subaru only now felt shame at his own ignorance of what such Contracts were like in those sorts of situations.

Miklotov: [Hrrrmm, indeed. In many cases, it is typical for a Knight to seek out a lord and swear fealty in order to be appointed. However, for a Knight of great renown, it is not uncommon for some lords to promise a high salary and favorable treatment, extending an invitation to them and requesting that they serve them.]

Subaru: [Oh, I wasn’t expecting Miklotov-san to explain it to me… By the way, do you employ any Knights, Miklotov-san?]

Miklotov: [There have been many, who have long since come and gone, that have placed their trust in our household. The prevailing view is that, as you might expect, those who have had an outstanding Knight dedicate their sword to them command a certain amount of respect.]

Subaru: [That’s… well, it’s understandable.]

Indeed, the status of having the Sword Saint or the Finest of Knights as their foremost Knights ought to have attached quite a great deal of prestige to the names of Felt and Anastasia.

The notoriety of the foremost Knights was an important barometer for the Royal Selection. ――Sure enough, Subaru wondered if he had actually become Emilia’s strength as a Knight. In addition, he wondered if Crusch, who had dismissed Ferris from the role of her one and only Knight, might now acquire a new Knight.

Subaru: [――――]

He did not want that. Indeed, as the individual involved would put it, thinking those thoughts as if clinging to them was a result of Subaru’s pridefulness, his desire for everything to go the way he wished.

They might find a different answer to the unavoidable rift that had formed between the two of them, if they took some time to recollect themselves. So, until then, he prayed that she would leave that seat vacant.

Yes, with prideful resolve, Subaru began feeling sentimental.

Filóre: […Just now, Miklotov-sama said this. That for an outstanding Knight to approach me, I should raise my voice and appeal earnestly.]

Beatrice: [――? The passion seems to differ quite a bit from what Betty heard, I suppose.]

Subaru: […Me too, I also felt like the nuance was a bit different, but…]

Clenching her fists tightly and stifling her emotions, Filóre muttered. Beatrice’s response to that pulled Subaru back from his sentimentality into reality.

Perhaps having ears that only heard what was convenient for herself, Filóre interpreted Miklotov’s statement in her own way, and on top of that, her cheeks were becoming slightly flushed. For some reason, it seemed like something had gotten her emotions riled up to the point of making her cheeks burn, but――,

Emilia: [Maybe you already have an idea of who you want to appoint as your Knight, Filóre?]

Filóre: [――! How did you… was it because of our close friendship?]

Emilia: [Mhm, I think so. So, what sort of person are they?]

Subaru: [Just to get it out of the way, Reinhard’s already all sold out.]

Beatrice: [And naturally, Subaru and Betty are under a sales contract in perpetuity to Emilia, in fact.]

With the attention of Subaru, Emilia, Beatrice, Sakura, and Miklotov centered upon herself, Filóre smiled with a somewhat meaningful “Fufufu”; she met all of their gazes, vigorously opening the thick book of scriptures before her.

Filóre: [Please have a listen. This too, is in the scriptures. “The arm of man doth swing the sword, but it be the Dragon’s will that deals in life. Under the footprints of a Knight chosen, even the most bloodied of ruts turn to roads of silver”!]

Emilia: [Ummm, that means…?]

Filóre: [Basically, the one most suitable to be my Knight is someone who has been recognized by the Dragon!]

Though it felt a bit like an arbitrary interpretation, ultimately, when it came to a Knight great enough to be recognized by the Dragon, the only person meeting such qualifications whom Subaru could think of was Reinhard.

Taking a more broad interpretation, it was also technically true that Emilia, having cleared the Trial of the first layer at the Pleiades Watchtower, was also someone who fulfilled those conditions.

Subaru: [Though a development where a Royal Candidate ends up becoming another Royal Candidate’s Knight would be quite amusing with how it breaks the system, Emilia-tan has me, so that development gets rejected.]

Filóre: [Emilia being my Knight… t-that is certainly an idea that tempts my heart. However, my hopes and aspirations differ from hers. Please do not lead me any further astray.]

Getting the feeling that he could neither say “Don’t be shaken over something so trivial” nor “Emilia’s the target of comparison, so it can’t be helped that you feel shaken”, Subaru ultimately said nothing to Filóre.

Taking no notice of Subaru’s consideration, Filóre briefly cleared her throat,

Filóre: [Alright? Is it alright? As I have said, if I, a Saintess of the Church of the Divine Dragon, am to stand as a Royal Candidate, then it must be that my Knight is one that has been recognized by the Dragon. And so, as far as I am aware, there is but one personage who meets that criteria――]

When such a prestigious requirement was raised to the forefront, there was just a single person who came to mind, whether one liked it or not.

As irony would have it, he was an opponent who was destined to contend against Filóre, not only in the battle for the throne, but over the question of who was the true survivor of the Lugunican Royal Family.

None other than the one and only Knight in service to Felt: the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea――,

Filóre: [――Heinkel Astrea-sama.]

――――.

――――――――.

――――――――――――.

Subaru: [Ngh!?]

Feeling as though he had heard a mixed-up reply, Subaru’s throat unwittingly let out a horrendous squeal. However, Filóre wore a smug look on her face upon making her declaration; beside her, Emilia and Beatrice were visibly as shocked as Subaru, their eyes wide open in surprise.

Even if an Astrea was an Astrea, it was a different Astrea than the one he had envisioned.

Subaru: […Umm, Filóre?]

Filóre: [Wh-what is the matter? Or rather, aren’t everybody’s reactions somewhat strange?]

Subaru: [Yeah, they’re strange alright. Could I please just ask you to tell us one more time? The one most fit to be the Knight of a Saintess of the Church of the Divine Dragon, is who exactly?]

Filóre: [Like I said, I would prefer if you did not make me repeat myself however many times, but… Heinkel Astrea-sama.]

However many times he heard it, the name did not take on a different sound, and as she voiced it, Filóre inclined her head.

From her perspective, it seemed like the reactions of Subaru and the rest were far more difficult to understand. That was only natural. After all, in her eyes, the person known as Heinkel Astrea was――,

Filóre: [――One from the lineage of Sword Saints who, upon conquering the Dragon’s Blood that washed over his body, was reforged into an immortal knight, Heinkel Astrea-sama: I wish to name him as my Knight.]

Indeed, having risen to the stage as the sixth Royal Candidate, Filóre boasted that in her position as the sixth, the individual most fit to be her one and only Knight was none other than the Backstabber, Heinkel Astrea.

--- Chapter 12: Groan ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Clear skies graced the day since the early morning, as if it were blessing the triumphant future to come.

Subaru: [Or, is it a bit too optimistic of me to be thinking something like that?]

Beatrice: [Betty does not think so, in fact. In all actuality, if Filóre’s Sacrament proves capable of exhibiting the anticipated results, then Subaru’s cheerful mood would be nothing more than an advance celebration, I suppose.]

Subaru: […If it’s just me celebrating in advance all on my own, then I get the feeling that it really was a bit too cheerful.]

Hearing Beatrice’s follow-up as they walked together, hand in hand, Subaru scratched his cheek with his unoccupied fingers.

Given the situation, a part of him did want to stick up for those feelings of unavoidable cheerfulness, but considering how little he himself had actually contributed to that, he could not deny that his spirits were too high.

In reality, for their upcoming itinerary―― making for the Watergate City of Pristella, and using the Sacrament of the Church of the Divine Dragon to provide aid to the victims of the Witch Cult, there would arrive no moment in which Subaru would be of any particular use.

Only, as the Knight of Emilia, who would be performing a distinguished role there, and above all, as an individual who had experienced the fierce battle that raged in the city, he wanted to be present to witness the moment in which the abhorrent scars left behind by that struggle were healed once and for all.

Subaru: [So that’s why, we’ll rely on Reinhard to keep up the hard work for this part, and have him take us along to Pristella as a member of the expedition.]

Beatrice: [Naturally, Betty will be coming with you, in fact. Together with Emilia, who will thaw the residents she had encased in ice, and with Garfiel and Otto, who still have unresolved matters in that town, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Garfiel said something about the father of a family he got along with there being a victim of Lust, and Otto… is going to collect the book he had entrusted to that restorer, huh?]

Beatrice: [Seems like it, in fact… Good grief, what a cunning man, I suppose.]

Puffing out her cheeks, Beatrice grumbled so, and Subaru pondered her complex feelings on the matter.

The book, which Otto had entrusted to the restorer in Pristella, was one of the Tomes of Wisdom considered to have been left behind by the Witch of Greed, Echidna―― however, it was the volume that had been inherited by Roswaal. With the singleminded wish to verify its contents, Otto had retrieved the book after it had been mostly reduced to cinders, and while that persistence of his went without saying, it was also difficult to believe the skill of the restorer who claimed he would be able to reconstruct it.

But, for Beatrice, who had lost her own Tome of Wisdom in a fire, it must have put her in an extremely delicate state of mind.

Beatrice: [Do not worry, in fact, Subaru.]

Subaru: [Beatrice…]

Beatrice: [If it’s the matter of Betty’s guide for the future, Subaru now fills that role, I suppose. It is shocking to witness Otto’s destitute disposition as he attempts to recycle burnt cinders, in fact. But, if he can get the better of Roswaal, it is not a bad feeling, I suppose.]

Subaru: […I see.]

Indifferent to Subaru’s worries, Beatrice powerfully puffed out her chest, and finding her to be incredibly lovely, Subaru caressed the head of his adorable Contracted Spirit to his heart’s content.

As mentioned previously, the ones travelling to Pristella on the Reinhard Express were, strangely enough, the same members who had gone to Pristella the previous time. If it were possible, Subaru would have liked to mobilize all members of the camp, but he could not put too much strain on Ram, who was currently down on account of overworking.

As for the personnel accompanying them from other camps, there would be Reinhard, tasked with the duty of carrying the dragon carriage, and Felt, who seemed to be responsible for supervising him. ――Then, there would be the central figure of this expedition, Filóre, as a key person, and Sakura, serving as her chaperone.

Subaru: [To be honest, given the congestion of things that need to be done now, it’s not like I don’t get the feeling that it might be way too dangerous to bring Felt and Filóre together in the same dragon carriage so suddenly.]

Beatrice: [However, as per what is being said, the two of them have already encountered each other face to face, in fact.]

Subaru: [Yeah, it was the day when Filóre first showed up at the Castle, and when she treated Crusch-san. On that day, the two of them met for the first time… it also seems like it was Felt who gave Filóre an insignia, and verified if she held the qualifications to be a Royal Candidate.]

Beatrice: [That girl is far too reckless, I suppose. Usually, the idea of placing one’s own position into jeopardy, is something one would think twice about, in fact.]

Subaru: [To begin with, she isn’t the type of person who depends on her ancestry. That unwavering part about her really gives off a cool impression.]

Felt’s resolute way of living harbored a charisma capable of attracting many people.

In actuality, those who wished to have Felt take the throne were those who had been enchanted by her words, actions, and way of being, perceiving their ideals upon those small shoulders of hers, and choosing to follow her.

If those were the results brought forth by the radiance of Felt’s soul, bereft of any other factors, then the current situation was tantamount to an unnecessary plot being thrust upon her.

Subaru: [Felt and Filóre, which one is the real princess, and which is the fake, I wonder?]

Beatrice: [It is a strange premise to begin with, I suppose. Regardless of which of the two is the real one, if they intend on leveraging the possibility, they ought to be proclaiming it more assertively or so it doesn’t go to waste, in fact. Get the masses to believe, get the masses to harbor suspicions, that would be the route with the greatest utility, I suppose.]

The more he thought about it, the more unreasonable it seemed to leverage the surviving-princess theory.

As Beatrice said, not only were they failing to capitalize on a rare, powerful advantage, but if it turned out that either Felt or Filóre was indeed the real deal, it could even be said that one of them would incur a negative image as the definite fake.

When it came to that, the first thing that weighed on his mind was――,

Subaru: [――In the end, what in the world was the Church thinking when they decided to keep Filóre’s existence a secret?]

According to Filóre, she was abandoned at the doorstep of the Church fifteen years prior, and from there was taken in and raised as an orphan within the children’s house of the Church of the Divine Dragon. There, she received a considerably sheltered upbringing, without much knowledge about the outside world, forming her as a monster of ignorant initiative.

Regardless of the fact that her initiative was what gave rise to today’s disorder, the Church of the Divine Dragon would have been fully aware of her distinct outward appearance, her age, and her name.

There was absolutely no possibility that they had failed to draw the connection with the Lugunican Royal Family.

Not to mention, if the Sacrament that Filóre wielded had the power to combat the Authorities of the Sin Archbishops of Lust and Gluttony, would it not have been capable of exhibiting its power against the illness that befell the Royal Family?

In that case, why had the Church of the Divine Dragon abandoned the Lugunican Royal Family to perish?

Subaru: [So long as that mystery remains unclear, nobody’s going to be satisfied.]

With the holding of the Royal Selection known far and wide all across the Kingdom, the citizens of the nation were all paying attention to who would take the throne in this epoch. In both a positive and negative sense, the people would not turn a blind eye to any conspicuous deeds of the Royal Candidates, nor would they forget them.

Hence, he wanted to know what the Church of the Divine Dragon was thinking, no matter what.

For that purpose――,

Subaru: [――Miklotov-san’s invitation was really a godsend.]

Beatrice: [In fact.]

Beside the nodding, taciturn Beatrice, Subaru recalled the matter from the previous day―― when they had accompanied Filóre as she went to assent to participation in the Royal Selection, and, together with Emilia, they had held an exchange with Miklotov in one of the conference rooms of the Castle.

Filóre’s bombshell announcement when it came to the selection of her Knight: he had been sent into a great spur of befuddlement when that had been dropped, and the scene had ultimately concluded rather chaotically, but Subaru had also managed to secure a benefit.

An important member of the Council of Wise Men, and likely one of the foremost intellects in the Kingdom of Lugunica, that Miklotov, had agreed to set aside some time to chat with Subaru.

While the clamorous Filóre Theater raged on in the background, given that there was no harm in asking, Subaru had told Miklotov that he wished to speak with him, to which the latter graciously agreed.

Miklotov: [Hrrmmmm. In that case, I shall fit you into my schedule, Natsuki-dono. It just so happens there is a matter about which I would like to speak with you in private as well, Natsuki-dono.]

Subaru: [I’m extremely grateful, but… there’s something you wanna speak to me about?]

Miklotov: [Indeed. There is a matter I wish to ascertain, a matter about which I wish to inform you, and a matter on which I wish to consult you… I beg your pardon, but it would be a blessing if you could join this old man for a long chat.]

With those words, Miklotov flashed a smile that gave the impression of a good-natured old man,  informed Subaru of the location of his residence, and scheduled an appointment for their agreed upon private discussion.

That appointment was today, where he was scheduled to depart for Pristella after the passing of Fire Time.

Before that matter of great importance, as Subaru had promised to Miklotov, he was en route to the specified location by himself―― no, having received permission beforehand, he also brought Beatrice along with him, as their two hearts beat together as one.

Subaru: [As per what Miklotov-san said… setting aside whatever he wanted to ask and tell me, it’s kinda scary that he said he wants to consult me on something, though I’ve also got a whole bunch of questions to unload on him. Ideally, I’d like to get him to show us the actual Dragon History Stone, but…]

Beatrice: [The Dragon History Stone is said to be managed as strictly as the Dragon’s Blood, I suppose. However, if Betty were to get a glimpse of it, it should be possible to formulate a hypothesis of what its mechanisms resemble, in fact.]

Subaru: [It’s not like I really think the Dragon History Stone is suspicious in and of itself, but the fact that it completely overlooked the annihilation of the Royal Family, and instead completely described the following Royal Selection is, well…]

It made him begin to suspect that there might have been some sort of malice or contrivance behind that. He did not wish to believe that even the deaths of the Royal Family had been orchestrated.

Subaru: [――――]

In the mausoleum, he had laid eyes upon the sarcophagi belonging to those departed members of the Lugunican Royal Family. ――Considering the impact the deaths of the widely beloved Royal Family had borne, especially that which the death of the fourth prince had borne on Crusch and Ferris with whom Subaru was well-acquainted, if there had been somebody’s will interfering with that, Subaru would never forgive that person, no matter what.

Then, it happened just when Subaru thought so, and firmly clenched the hand opposite to the one holding Beatrice’s.

???: [――Seems like you’re thinking of some awfully unsettling things again, my friend .]

As a witty voice suddenly called out to him from the side, Subaru swiveled his head around in surprise. Upon doing so, his eyes caught sight of a stylish young man waving at him from the vertex of a T-junction in the road.

At that friendly greeting, Subaru broke into a broad grin, and,

Subaru: [ My friend ? You’re acting pretty over-familiar all of a sudden…]

???: [Oi oi oi, you were the one who called me that first! Don’t leave me out to dry!]

Subaru: [Just kidding. I’m happy to see you again, Tiga.]

A look of shock upon his face, the young man―― Tiga, glared at Subaru’s face with squinting eyes as the latter extended his hand with good graces, and after a shrug of his shoulders, he shook the proffered hand.

With the successful exchange of the handshake, the revalidation of their friendship was completed, though,

Tiga: [It seems that you too are in lovely spirits, Miss Beatrice. It is an honor to meet you again.]

Beatrice: [There are no objections from Betty either, I suppose… However, why are you here, in fact?]

Tiga: [Well then, allow me to return the very same question to the two of you. Albeit it is not as though I was sneaking around, but just in case, this was supposed to be a confidential summons.]

Subaru: [Confidential… no way, don’t tell me you were also invited by Miklotov-san?]

Tiga: [――. So that would mean, you as well?]

Subaru and Tiga’s eyes widened as they pointed fingers at each other, and Beatrice, standing between them, stood up on her tippy toes to reach up and pull both of their arms down.

Seeing her help out with that cute gesture, Tiga exhaled a soft “Ha”, and,

Tiga: [Wow, and I got myself panicked thinking that I was being tailed. No matter how you look at it, you wouldn’t bring a child along with you if you were on someone’s tail, that’s what I thought, but… nevermind, I’ll leave it be.]

Subaru: [What, don’t call it quits midway through. I won’t get mad so spit it out.]

Tiga: [Really? I guess I’ll say it then, but, I thought that if it was the famous Lolimancer, Natsuki Subaru, then it might be a piece of cake for you to bring a child along while actively tailing someone…]

Subaru: [Asshole, who’re you calling a Lolimancer, you bastard!]

Tiga: [I only said it because you said you wouldn’t get mad!]

At the shameful pseudonym that had resurfaced for the first time in a while, the indignant Subaru attempted to lunge at the other party. But, Tiga skillfully evaded both of Subaru’s hands before quickly hiding behind Beatrice.

Watching over that refreshing, futile struggle, Beatrice faced Subaru and shrugged her shoulders,

Beatrice: [This matter will not proceed otherwise, so you must reconcile right here, I suppose. Subaru needs to act as an adult, in fact.]

Subaru: [Tsk, fine. I’m an adult, so I don’t want to be told this and that by you when you’re made to imitate a child. After all, I’m an adult.]

Tiga: [I don’t think an adult would need to make such a huge display about how adult-like they’re being, for Dragon’s sake.]

Springing his crouched body back up, Tiga readjusted his hat as he gestured his chin in the direction of their shared destination, at the intersection where they had come to a halt.

Tiga: [We are headed for the same destination. And likely, the appointed time is also the same. Let’s go together.]

Subaru: [I’m fine either way, but in that case, he shouldn’t have had to make that odd specification about me coming alone. Wouldn’t it’ve been fine if Emilia-tan or Rem came along with me?]

Tiga: [Setting Rem aside, Emilia-sama is your master, correct? Would you truly drag her along for your own errands?]

Subaru: [It wouldn’t be dragging her along, I just don’t want to leave her side for even a moment if I can help it.]

Tiga: [That’s――]

To meet banter with banter. Although Subaru had merely intended to retaliate in the back-and-forth, Tiga’s mouth closed as if he was at a loss for words, and for a moment, he avoided eye contact.

Seeing that reaction, Subaru exchanged glances with Beatrice, and tilted his head in confusion.

Subaru: [What’s wrong? Did I scare you with my big love towards Emilia-tan and the rest?]

Tiga: [It’s not that your big love or whatever you call it was frightening. Merely, that weighty affection of yours, Subaru, it struck a chord in my heart that even I do not fully understand… something like that.]

Subaru: [――. I appreciate the sentiment, but I’ve already got lots of people whom I’ve set my heart on, so…]

Tiga: [Pretending to be all devoted, you then go with the declaration of a scumbag!?]

Feeling like their usual rapport had returned, Subaru smiled at Tiga’s sentimental riposte. From the beginning, he had thought him to be a person on similar wavelengths to himself, and sure enough, my friend was not just for show.

Tiga was also taken in by Subaru’s grin, smiling as he cast aside the unease from a moment prior.

Beatrice: [That is enough merrymaking from both of you, I suppose. It has come into view, in fact.]

At some point, Beatrice had started to walk a bit further ahead of Subaru and Tiga, and now standing at the corner bend in the street, she beckoned them with her hand. With long, fast strides, Subaru and Tiga hurried as quickly as they could without breaking into a sprint, and both arrived at Beatrice’s side at roughly the same time.

Then, at the outskirts of the Noble District, finding the designated address and a large mansion with the matching roof color he had been told, he fathomed a guess that this must be Miklotov’s residence.

Subaru: [Tiga, what did you have to discuss with Miklotov-san?]

Tiga: [Consulting him about something I’m searching for, I guess. What about you two, Subaru?]

Subaru: [Beako and I are pursuing a grand quest of history, we wanted to ask about various things regarding the dark aspects of the Kingdom, and we also were going to see if we could maybe get just a single glimpse at the Dragon History Stone.]

Tiga: [I see. So that ties back to those unsettling things you were saying earlier. I offer this warning out of consideration, but it would be best if you did not speak of your plans regarding the Dragon History Stone so casually out on the――]

Roadside ; right as he attempted to conclude his sentence, Tiga cut off his words there.

Subaru and Beatrice turned around, wondering what the matter was, and as they were about to proceed through the front gate of Miklotov’s mansion, Tiga halted in his tracks, glaring at the surrounding stone walls.

Then, with a definite vigilance in his graceful side profile, he muttered.

That was――,

Tiga: [――This is bad, the smell of blood is in the air.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Beatrice in his left hand, Guiltywhip in his right. ――With those two reliable partners firmly equipped in his hands, Subaru stifled his breath and proceeded into the premises thick with the scent of blood.

???: [――Subaru, don’t stray from me. We’ll cover each other’s blind spots.]

The one addressing him in such a hushed voice was Tiga, keeping guard at the front of their formation.

Keeping low to the ground and erasing the sound of his footsteps as he walked, within Tiga’s hand was a sword he had drawn in one smooth, soundless motion―― a silver crescent that carved deep, sharp arcs: that which he grasped was a shamshir .

From the air of his demeanor, Subaru could presume he was a ready master of that curved blade, and bore an ill-timed thought that Filóre had quite the poor eye for Knights.

Subaru: [――――]

Through their clasped hands, Beatrice and Subaru’s anxieties were transmitted to each other.

Fortunately, thanks to Beatrice, who was far and away more composed than Subaru, they managed to avoid falling down a vicious spiral of their anxieties being reciprocally elevated by the other’s, akin to a self-inflicted Authority of Wrath.

――Miklotov’s mansion had been transformed into such a hideous scene that it made him want to avert his eyes.

Having entered the mansion from the rear, they had already discovered over ten people, but every last one of them had already breathed their last, hideously slaughtered corpses each slain with but a single stroke.

Whether those blows that had not inflicted suffering ought to have been branded mercy, or the utter dominance that did not permit any show of strength ought to have been appraised as ruthless, he could not think of any parting words to adorn those who had perished.

Merely, with the fresh, vibrant breath of death so close at hand, Subaru’s heart pounded as if it was about to burst.

Subaru: [――――]

The situation had already eclipsed Subaru’s capacity. Having reached such a judgment, he was convinced that the best course of action would be to immediately leave the mansion and seek aid and reinforcements elsewhere.

But at the same time, there was certainly a chance they could still save lives by proceeding onward now.

That was because――,

Subaru: [All of them were only just killed.]

Beatrice: […We are in agreement, in fact. If there was even just one person still breathing, I suppose…]

They discovered the mark of a slash carved into the corridor’s wall, and the remains of yet another person collapsed directly underneath. A large, sweeping stroke had been unleashed, and had obliquely sliced through that person together with the wall behind him.

Sliced open by a diagonal slash, the blood of the regrettable dead body had yet to dry, and the bloody stench tinged with heat possessed the characteristic cloying scent of a corpse, peculiar in how the vitality of that which had been alive but moments ago mingled with death.

Subaru: [It pisses me off that my experiences in the Empire are coming into play at a time like this…]

In the life of Natsuki Subaru, there existed one most atrocious, most hellish sight―― though it troubled him greatly, it was the gruesome massacre upon the Gladiator Island, where a mountain of corpses had been erected from the faces he knew well. The calamity wrought by the accursed Todd Fang, had scorched Subaru’s world to ashes across innumerable deaths.

There, he had seen much death. That was why he could recognize it. Approximately how long ago the living had been made into the dead, and approximately how much suffering they had experienced before they passed on.

Subaru: [They… didn’t suffer.]

This now brought the number of corpses they had found within the mansion to thirteen, but not a single one of them had suffered. However, he was unable to make out whether that was the result of mercy or skill.

The fact that they had died without suffering would likely only serve as consolation to the hearts of those who were able to ascertain it, such as himself. Prideful ; even at a time like this, that malediction from Ferris flashed through his mind.

Why was that? Perhaps it was because he thought the one who had said he hated death more than anything else in this world would be able to understand Subaru, who currently felt utterly helpless in the face of this tragedy.

Subaru: [Shit.]

While burdened with the sense of nausea and loss that he still could not grow accustomed to, despite having borne witness to an incalculable number of deaths, Subaru closed the eyelids of the dead, and moved onward.

The reason he refused to withdraw was because the possibility remained that someone still survived in the midst of this tragedy that had only just begun.

He did not wish to withdraw and allow that possibility of life to be destroyed.

In addition――,

Subaru: [――Miklotov-san, is someone this country still needs.]

Certainly, Subaru had by no means exchanged many words with Miklotov.

The Council of Wise Men: he did not possess a single good memory of those men who stood at the zenith of those possessing acumen within the Kingdom.

Merely, amidst the few points of contact and recollections smeared with negative thoughts that he would rather forget, there was certainly something Subaru remembered.

Miklotov: [At the very least, he has shown that you are not the sort of half-elf so feared by the world. ――You have a fine attendant.]

When Subaru’s shameful conduct was laid bare before a great many people by his egotistical outburst, and he was driven from the throne room without a single ally remaining, those were the words that had been spoken.

Until now, this moment, this very instant, he had not recalled it. ――However, that day, in that place, there had been someone who had viewed Subaru’s actions through a different perspective to everyone else.

He had failed to realize that. But, why had that been? Whatever the case, Subaru was grateful.

Subaru would repay Miklotov with fortune surpassing this feeling of salvation.

Tiga: [――Subaru, Miss Beatrice.]

Steeling himself with firm resolve and determination, Subaru used that as motivation to keep himself from running away. Calling out to Subaru and Beatrice was Tiga, who had reached a set of enormous doors.

He could not claim to have examined every corner of the mansion, but he had finished checking all of the large chambers. Insofar as the layout of the mansion was concerned, the very room now before his eyes was the one that would serve as a place of refuge in an emergency.

Therefore, this room was the mostly likely location for the master of the mansion to be――,

Subaru: [――Hk!]

With nary a word of warning, immediately following a nod to each other, they plunged in through the opened door with Tiga as the vanguard.

As soon as they entered, the first thing his eyes landed upon was a great and enormous flag of the Kingdom of Lugunica spread out over the white wall within the modest room―― that which depicted a single sword at its center, and two dragons facing each other on either side, had been cleaved in twain diagonally, with one of the halves falling to the floor.

And there, he could see, with the national flag that had slumped down to the floor seeming to wrap around their body, a single individual who seemed to have suffered the same slash, dead with their back against the wall in a pool of their own blood.

Subaru: [―― Aah .]

A groan had involuntarily escaped the back of his throat.

A figure was reclined against the wall, their head hung low and their face not clearly visible. And yet, he knew exactly who it was. Even the distinctive white beard that made it impossible to mistake them for another had been soaked in the vast quantity of blood that had gushed forth, staining it a bright crimson.

Subaru: [――――]

It was Miklotov McMahon, never to rise again―― a merciless end that came all too suddenly for the great wise man who had sustained the Kingdom of Lugunica for so long.

However, nevertheless, even that death, even that end, served not as the reason for Subaru’s groan.

The reason Subaru had groaned was not because Miklotov had been the victim. ――It was due to the assailant.

In the center of the room, directly in front of the corpse of the departed Miklotov that was seemingly wrapped in the diagonally bisected banner, stood the figure of the assailant, their back turned.

Upon a slender, well-proportioned back, there swayed beautifully captivating long, dark-green hair. The curves of her body, abundant in femininity, could not be fully concealed by her dark blue attire, painting an aesthetic of fallen virtue upon this terrible scene.

And, not a single drop of gore clung to the long, sharp, straight sword clutched by her hand. ――That was only natural. For the strokes of her sword hewed through her opponents not with steel, but with wind.

Subaru: [――――]

Aghast, Subaru and the others stood motionless as she slowly turned her head toward them. With one eye covered by an eyepatch, the beauty in men’s clothing captured them in her remaining eye of amber hue――,

Woman: [――Ah, Natsuki Subaru, is it? ――Pray tell, are you truly the “real one” I know?]

――At that query from Crusch Karsten, amidst the horrid spectacle of rampant blood and death, what escaped from the throat of Natsuki Subaru, was naught more than a pathetic groan.

--- Chapter 13: Mustn’t Stain with Blood ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Within the Noble District of the Royal Capital of Lugunica, the residence of Miklotov McMahon, a member of the Council of Wise Men, had a subdued appearance reflective of the disposition of its lord, known for his frugality.

Many among the nobility were fond of evening parties and banquets, holding such events to flaunt their own influence again and again, but Miklotov chose not to uphold such conduct typical of the aristocracy. Having distinguished himself as a civil servant of the Kingdom from his days of youth, the wise elder who had been highly valued for his abilities, as if to demonstrate his attitude of devoting his entire life to the Kingdom, never took a wife and tirelessly wore himself to the bone for the Kingdom.

Therefore, the McMahon residence in the Noble District had never once been dominated by eye-catching gaudiness. ――At least, not until this very moment today.

It was not until this very moment, this horrific scene where the lives of so many had been mercilessly cut down with the perfume of blood and death wafting up from the corpses, having brought even the life of Miklotov McMahon to an end.

Aghast, an unbelievable spectacle before him, Natsuki Subaru found himself unable to move.

Subaru: [――――]

Though he had been invited to the McMahon residence, he had yet to encounter a single living person within its premises until now. The thirteen dead had most likely been guards and servants of the mansion, each and every one slain with but a single blow; ascertaining those whose lives had been stolen, he had arrived at this innermost room.

From the desk and bookshelves that furnished the room, this place was likely Miklotov’s office.

A room where the wise elder likely used to spend time anguishing over the future of the Kingdom, racking his brains and putting it to work in order to deal with various problems, it was a place rife with history―― against its inner wall, the aforementioned Miklotov was now slumped.

Legs splayed, back against the wall, his form was like that of a child who lay asleep after being worn-out from playing; this description was not entirely incorrect. ――The wise elder had indeed fallen into a slumber.

Covered by the severed and fallen flag of Lugunica, it was a slumber from which he would never wake again.

And there, beside the wise elder who had breathed his last――,

Subaru: [Crusch… san…?]

Collapsed, the eyelids on Miklotov’s deeply wrinkled face had closed. With that lying by her feet, the other individual half-turned towards him, and bearing witness to that sight, Subaru’s voice trembled pathetically.

Standing there was a beautiful woman clad in a navy outfit resembling a military uniform, with long green hair and an eye of amber hue―― her left eye concealed by a large eyepatch, it was Crusch Karsten. Possessing a poised posture, she was an individual Subaru knew quite well.

Crusch: [――――]

Crusch narrowed her amber eye at Subaru’s faltering call. Readjusting her grip on her slender sword, she sharpened her gaze whilst she opened her slim lips, and,

Crusch: [A wind of fear blows around you, Natsuki Subaru. ――What is it you fear?]

Subaru: [F-fear…? Afraid… me? That’s…]

Crusch: [To begin with, what was your purpose in visiting this place? Is that to say there was some personal connection between Miklotov McMahon and yourself?]

Subaru: [That’s, well, I was invited by him, and I had things I wanted to ask…]

Crusch: [On this day? Incomprehensible. What is it that you wished to ask of him? Something involving the Royal Selection, or perhaps some other secret discussions? It is not as though I have hit the mark, but on the other hand, your agitation continues to spur the wind. Once again, allow me to ask you anew. ――Pray tell, are you truly the real one I know?]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Overwhelmed by the shower of questioning from Crusch like billowing waves, he was unable to follow up on his words well.

While Subaru still had yet to finish processing the information before his eyes, Crusch’s words scathingly cut into him, pressing into him as if truly blades.

Sternly as ever, Crusch began to cut open Subaru’s chest with that gaze of hers, but――,

???: [――That’s enough, I suppose.] ???: [Yeah, this isn’t an agreeable sight.]

Unable to stand back and watch the exchange between Subaru and Crusch in silence, two individuals intervened from the sidelines. They were Beatrice, present there alongside Subaru while holding his hand, and Tiga, who had accompanied them.

The sensation of Beatrice’s small hand and Tiga stepping forward diagonally and blocking Crusch’s line of sight both brought the overwhelmed Subaru back to his senses.

Thanks to that, Subaru remembered to breathe, and a cold sweat that belatedly broke out cooled his fervor.

Meanwhile, Tiga, wielding a crescent-shaped curved sword, faced off against Crusch. He lowered the brim of his hat, and whilst concealing his eyes, he called out with a “You know”,

Tiga: [You should be aware that this situation is prone to causing misunderstandings in more ways than one, Duchess-san.]

Crusch: [Misunderstandings?]

Tiga: [That’s right, misunderstandings. After all, we’re amidst a scene where so many people have lost their lives, and where a leader of the Kingdom has passed away. If you’re to stand there with sword in hand, just about anyone would think it. ―― “The one who killed the people in this mansion, wasn’t it Duchess Crusch Karsten?”, you know?]

Despite stubbornly not deviating from his typical manner of speech in the slightest, it was a direct question. And, it was a truth that Subaru also wanted to confirm above all else.

Crusch: [――――]

It was just as Tiga said.

Amidst this hellish sight that had unfolded at the McMahon mansion, the prime suspect in the massacre of everyone present, including its lord, Miklotov, was undoubtedly Crusch.

However, Subaru, who knew of Crusch’s character, wished to reject such suspicions outright.

Crusch was a virtuous individual, an outstanding figure capable of acting according to sound judgment.

Even after losing her Memories and needing to reconstruct that dignified nobility, her innate integrity left at the core of her being and her decency as a human would never be able to be fully devoured by Gluttony.

It was inconceivable that someone like her would stain her hands in such violence. It should not have been conceivable.

Thus, Subaru wanted to hear words of clear denial from her own mouth.

He wanted Crusch to say that just like them, she had also noticed something wrong with the McMahon residence and had rushed in, but by the time she had arrived, it was too late. With that remorse and rage in their hearts, they would find the culprit who had killed Miklotov and everyone else, and together they would make them pay for their sins.

To that end, the words of denial that would emerge from her lips were――,

Crusch: [It appears that you are the kind of person whose disingenuity knows no bounds.]

Indifferent to Subaru’s prayers, Crusch trained her gaze upon Tiga with an unchanging countenance, and declared so. On the receiving end of that, Tiga lightly shrugged his shoulders, and,

Tiga: [A harsh assessment, but I’ll accept it without complaint. So, how about it?]

Crusch: [――――]

Tiga: [Were you the one who killed Sir Miklotov McMahon? ――Duchess Crusch Karsten?]

Crusch: [――That is correct.]

To Tiga’s repeated question, asked directly this time, a brief response was given.

It was the worst possible answer, affirming their suspicions and betraying Subaru’s prayer-like hopes―― Subaru’s throat involuntarily produced a husky sound as the brief reply just then echoed repeatedly within his skull.

As if to exacerbate Subaru’s fervent agitation, Crusch, lowering her chin slightly,

Crusch: [The staff who were here at this mansion, and Miklotov McMahon, were slain by my own hand. These people conspired against the Kingdom; traitors, all of them.]

Tiga: [――That, Duchess, would be yourself!]

Subaru: [Wai―― hk.]

In an instant, the roaring Tiga closed the distance in a single leap, swinging his curved sword―― his shamshir , and delivering a fluid sword strike upon Crusch.

It was an opening attack with such little hesitation that it did not even give him the chance to finish saying “Wait”, and yet Crusch brushed it aside with an upward swing of the sword in her grip, the clangor of steel striking steel resounding throughout the office.

At the cue of that single sound, screams of steel and sparks began to erupt between the two of them.

Subaru: [――――]

A duel that scattered sparks commenced, the two swordfighters demonstrating their skill to one another upon the stage of the spacious office.

What Crusch wielded was the swordsmanship mastered by one who had earnestly devoted herself to the sword―― both in the battle with the White Whale before losing her Memories, and the battle in Pristella after losing her Memories, the unbending nature of the strokes of her sword that she drew had never wavered, and the sharp flash of her sword had cut and leapt through the air from every direction.

On the other hand, Tiga’s swordsmanship was peculiar, as he kept his body low, spinning like a top.

Starting with Crusch, whom he now faced, those possessing superior swordsmanship whom Subaru knew included Julius and Wilhelm, as well as Cecilus. With the exception of Reinhard, of whom he had a stronger impression of striking with fists and kicks rather than a sword, they were all swordfighters who had refined their techniques in a manner that ought to be considered legitimate.

If their swordsmanship could be called orthodox, then Tiga’s would be considered an unorthodox article―― it did not cut down his foes straightforwardly, but mercilessly targeted the hands and feet, mixed artifice and honesty, and gave priority to catching his opponents off guard: the technique of someone avariciously coveting victory――,

Tiga: [Seyah――!]

Holding the shamshir in a reverse grip, the strike of his sword, together with a rending shout, flashed forth towards his opponent from an unusual trajectory. When Crusch bent her body to evade it, it was followed up by Tiga’s long and flexible leg, unleashed like a whip.

The kicks interwoven between the strikes of his sword functioned as a sequence of movements almost like a dance, and it gave rise to an unceasing gale of blades that assailed the opposing Crusch.

At that rapid combo attack reminiscent of a spinning top, Crusch’s countenance remained unchanged, and, keeping her distance with nimble and precise footwork, she aimed to seize the initiative in the blisteringly fast exchange with a single swing of her sword.

As if he had even prepared steel plates in his boots, his feet failed to be harmed by Crusch’s sword as she parried his kicks, and the unorthodox swordsman displayed a fighting style that refused to back down by even a single inch against Crusch, who had realized the pinnacle of orthodoxy.

Crusch: [How skillful. Does the Church of the Divine Dragon teach how to wield a sword in such a manner?]

Tiga: [Sorry to say, but I’m self-taught. Since way back, I’ve had bad habits with both my hand and footwork.]

Crusch: [What a courageous wind. It does not seem to be a lie.]

Sidestepping Tiga’s kick right before his eyes, Crusch launched a splitting, vertical blow. Tiga blocked it with his curved blade in a reverse grip, the two of them exchanging words as they locked swords.

The tide of the battle ebbed and flowed, and as each were superbly skilled combatants, neither one could claim dominance――,

Beatrice: [――Subaru! Get a hold of yourself, I suppose!]

Subaru: [――Aah.]

Beatrice: [It’s only natural that you are shocked , in fact. However, you can’t just stand there dazed, I suppose!]

Saying so, Beatrice sprang up and struck his cheek, leaving Subaru wide-eyed.

Receiving an impact that seemed to rebound him, Subaru realized he had once again stopped thinking, enthralled by the battle between Tiga and Crusch. ――To Beatrice, he was profoundly grateful.

Certainly, he was in shock. If he were to calmly reflect on the situation, there was no way he could maintain his presence of mind. So now, before he calmly faced this situation, there was something he ought to do.

Tiga: [ My friend .]

As he had watched, he had witnessed the lips of Tiga, swords locked with Crusch while capturing the exchange between Subaru and Beatrice in the edge of his vision, form a soft sound.

That address had lacked any specific object, yet Subaru could still sense Tiga’s intentions. That which he sought was neither support nor backup, but rather――,

Subaru: [――Outside.]

They must inform others of this situation, and stop Crusch’s rampage.

Fortunately, the Royal Capital currently possessed a great number of forces that Subaru could rely upon. Garfiel and Wilhelm, and even Reinhard were all present.

Since this was the Noble District, there ought to have been Knights and guards stationed at estates other than the McMahon residence. By calling upon such individuals, it would be possible to apprehend Crusch.

And then――,

Subaru: [――――]

――And then, would Crusch be punished? As a traitor to the nation, who had murdered Miklotov?

Crusch: [I shall have you remain here. I have yet to come to a final judgment on you.]

The instant an inescapable hesitation had flashed through a corner of his mind, the wind of her sword sailed over Subaru’s head.

With a “Whoa!?” Subaru instinctively ducked. The wind of her sword, which missed and flew off into the background even as it grazed the very tips of his upswept hair, struck the upper portion of the room directly behind him, destroying the ceiling and walls around the entrance with slashing wind, and the resulting collapse blocked the room’s entrance.

Subaru: [The way out…!]

As soon as he comprehended he had been blocked off, Subaru was made to realize that, whether he liked it or not, his options had been pared away, plunging him into a situation where the cards in his hand were far too scarce.

Subaru [――Hk.]

His escape route being blocked meant that there was no longer the choice to withdraw from this location.

In this high-stakes situation, there was no time to slowly clear the rubble and secure a path of retreat. Minya, a Yin Magic spell, was lacking in physical firepower, and could not be expected to have the force to blast open the entrance in one shot.

In other words, Subaru and Beatrice had two choices for what they could do: either stand by, or intervene―― under these circumstances, there was absolutely no way idly standing by was an option.

However, intervening would mean――,

Subaru: [――I’d have to fight? Against Crusch-san?]

The meaning of that, he could not understand.

The reality of that, he could not comprehend.

What he had seen with his own eyes, he could not accept.

After all, was it not the case? The one present there was Crusch Karsten. Subaru respected her. Despite being in an opposing camp in the Royal Selection, it was natural to acknowledge her virtues. Crusch was an individual of eminent nobility, a person of outstanding character never lacking in effort or devotion as a stateswoman, and the first figure to enchant Subaru in the sense of her caliber as a ruler. No one could deny, nor would he let them deny, just how profoundly significant it had been to the life of Natsuki Subaru when she had recognized his meritorious achievement in the White Whale Subjugation with her own words.

His loving devotion to Emilia had taken precedence. However, back then, Subaru had certainly thought it.

That Crusch Karsten was undoubtedly an individual worthy of becoming the Monarch of the Kingdom of Lugunica.

Subaru: [――Please stop this already, Crusch-san!]

Thus, it must be said that the choice Subaru made then and there, was craven to the utmost.

Crusch: [――――]

Crusch, engaged in a furious duel, did not respond to that quavering plea from Subaru. Her gaze was fixed straight ahead upon Tiga, in opposition to her.

And yet, believing she could not possibly ignore him, Subaru raised his voice.

Subaru: [Lower your sword! Please! I don’t know what to do! I don’t know, but I’ll talk to you! Please, let’s try to talk and see if we can work something out!]

Before he could even realize, his hand, opposite to the one being held by Beatrice, had begun to tightly clutch the black orb hanging from his neck. ――With many of the words he needed to exchange with Al still left unsaid, all he could do for now was to forcefully bottle up that intent of his.

The death of Priscilla, which had served as the trigger for Al’s outrageous deeds, had engraved into Subaru the weight of absolute loss, where that which had been forfeit could no longer be reclaimed.

Without even being able to form a conversation, it was possible for him to lose those whom he knew. ――For the Natsuki Subaru of the present, that was something far more terrifying than even his own death.

Subaru: [I don’t want to end things like this! I don’t want this sort of… without even understanding anything, I don’t want to part ways with the people I love!]

Beatrice: [Subaru…]

Subaru: [Please! Oh please! I’m begging you… please… stop this…]

However crestfallen his face might have been as he pleaded, he caught a glimpse of Beatrice’s irises trembling as she bit down on her lip, watching Subaru’s side profile as he wrung out that voice.

He was feckless. He was pathetic. Even though his partner was the Great Spirit Beatrice, he was completely unable to put her clever and outstanding abilities to any use whatsoever; the only thing he could manage to do was cry out in such a manner.

Subaru: [Please…]

Indeed, even if he understood his own helplessness, Subaru would never choose to go down that route. The notion of fighting Crusch just because he could not run away, he could never bring himself to think with such a pragmatic mindset.

Until now, he had indeed experienced great changes in his relationships with people after their initial meeting.

However, the majority of those were in the sense of overwriting a negative impression with a positive one.

The only exceptions to that, were the cases of Todd and Al. ――The thought of adding Crusch to that list, was simply unbearable.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru’s inept, faltering pleas were so fragile that they were threatened to be drowned out by the sword fight which was growing so fierce. In all likelihood, it was to the extent that it seemed like Subaru’s presence upon this battlefield would be disregarded entirely, unable to even reach Crusch’s ears.

However――,

Crusch: [――It appears there are no lies in your words.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Indeed, a murmur that seemed to have been convinced was audible, and Subaru’s eyes shot wide open in surprise.

With Tiga interposed precisely between them, Subaru crossed gazes with Crusch, who was looking toward him from across the unorthodox swordsman.

Confronting that amber eye, Subaru entertained a glimmer of hope that his words had gotten through to her――,

Crusch: [In that case, let us postpone your matter here for now.]

――In an instant, a violent gale swept throughout the room, emanating from Crusch, who had just uttered those words.

Subaru: [Wh――]

As soon as he felt the force throughout his whole body, his feet were out from under him, and due to the wind Crusch had given rise to, Subaru intuited that it was the result of her signature sword art―― One Slash, One Hundred Felled, being released in all directions without aim.

Normally, the powerful blade of wind would be fired all together in a single direction, but with it having been expanded in all directions without being bundled together, the pressure it generated unsparingly quaked the office scarred from battle, lifting and flinging thick books, orderly documents, and even the perished corpse of the wise elder.

However, that was as far as Subaru’s grasp of the circumstances went.

Subaru: [Gah―― Hk.]

His body was defenselessly lifted up and smashed into the ceiling with violent momentum, knocking the wind out of him. He instantly pulled Beatrice close, holding her to his chest to protect her, but that was all he could do.

Holding Beatrice tight as she screamed “Subaru!”, Subaru’s body rode the winds, slammed against a wall, and was ungracefully dumped onto the floor without being able to break his fall.

Subaru: [――Uuh.]

His whole body was covered with unsparing, creaking pain, and as a final breath spilled out from his lungs, he suddenly felt a chilling sensation in the back of his head, and instinctively knew it was bad.

It was different from Death. And yet, his consciousness was fading. It was retribution for prioritizing Beatrice’s safety too much, and neglecting his own. It was as if a hole had been punched in his head when he had hit it, and his consciousness was gushing out. ――This is bad, this is bad, this is bad.

Subaru: [No, good…]

If he were to lose consciousness now, just who would speak out to Crusch?

Tiga did not know. He did not know Crusch’s nature, that she was actually a person with a virtuous heart. It was a misunderstanding. He must stop this. Crusch was a good person. If they could just talk, such would be made clear.

Because it was something that could be understood, if only they could just talk.

Subaru: […I… know… so…]

So, I’m begging you, please don’t close your ears to my words . ――Indeed, as his consciousness faded away while he continued to plead until the very end, Subaru’s mind sank into a deep darkness.

It sank, and――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――That is correct.]

Subaru: [――――]

At the moment of the sudden revival of his consciousness, Subaru verged onto losing his equilibrium.

His brain failed to comprehend the disparity between his self who had existed an instant prior and his present self who had succeeded it in a matter of moments, and this affected his limbs, inciting panic.

His feet were set upon the floor. It was only natural, but he was standing. Standing. Naturally. Was that really so? Was standing his natural state? Because it was not so, what he tasted in this moment was a sensation akin to heaven and earth being overturned――,

Subaru: [No.]

What Subaru must direct focus onto right now was not the overturned heaven and earth. Instead, it was onto the origin as to why he felt heaven and earth to have overturned.

And, this origin needed not to be spelled out. ――Time, had been turned back.

Subaru: [――――]

His knees bereft of nearly all strength, what entered Subaru’s sight was the office of the McMahon residence prior to being tempestuously laid to waste, and the cadaver of Miklotov embosomed by the diagonally slashed flag of the nation. Before his cadaver was a green-haired lady halfway turned back, and the back of a youth almost half a step in front of Subaru.

Crusch and Tiga’s confrontation. Furthermore, this exchange had taken place when――,

Crusch: [The staff who were here at this mansion, and Miklotov McMahon, were slain by my own hand. These people conspired against the Kingdom; traitors, all of them.]

When the irrecoverable, fatal affirmation was bestowed upon his question.

Tiga: [――That, Duchess, would be yourself!]

Before Subaru, whose blood glaciated with shock, Tiga caterwauled a screech of fighting spirit and plunged forth.

The swords dance of Tiga’s backhand-gripped shamshir commenced, which Crusch accepted head-on, a duel of swordsmen treading the paths on opposing sides of orthodoxy.

Sparks flew with the chaining notes of steel; beholding their boisterous dance of battle in the office, Subaru felt a bout of vertigo for a different reason than the sense of disequilibrium that he had endured before.

Subaru: [No… it can’t be…]

One hand placed over his mouth, the voice he suppressed leaked outward. It felt as though an impact as unremitting as blood oozing from the mouth of a wound was clangorously pounding Subaru’s mind from the inside.

――Return by Death. He had Returned by Death.

Right before his consciousness had ceased, what had blown Subaru away was wind invoked by Crusch, after which he had crashed into the wall and the ceiling and gotten knocked down onto the floor, causing it to cease. ――Thereafter, the fact that Subaru had now returned to this moment meant that he had Returned by Death before ever awakening.

If Subaru’s life was reaped while he was unconscious in that situation, then the executioner must have been――,

Beatrice: [――Subaru! Get a hold of yourself, I suppose!]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Beatrice: [It’s only natural that you are shocked , in fact. However, you can’t just stand there dazed, I suppose!]

Subaru, petrified for a different reason than before, was pulled back to reality by Beatrice, with the same encouragement as before. His cheek slapped by her tiny palm, the pain and heat returned Subaru to being himself.

Subaru: [My bad, Beatrice.]

Caressing his slapped cheek with the back of his hand, Subaru grated his teeth to the point of creaking.

Including the Death in the middle as well, the chaos and discomposure riddling Subaru due to this situation faded naught. Yet, should he repudiate the events that had occurred as falsehoods, and wail that he would not acknowledge them, the results would remain unchanged.

Unable to muster the courage to intervene in Crusch and Tiga’s battle, and pathetically whimpering about his woes, Subaru would die. ――His life would be plucked, by Crusch’s hand.

Subaru: [No good.]

He must not, allow that.

He must not allow Crusch Karsten to take Natsuki Subaru’s life. Subaru could not allow her noble purity to descend due to his own frailty.

Crusch’s hand must not be sanctioned to be stained with Subaru’s blood.

Subaru: [Beako, lend me a hand!]

Beatrice: [――! No need to be told, in fact!]

The pieces of the puzzle called reason were still scattered by panic and shock.

However, Subaru took as many pieces as he could of that scattered puzzle from which he could see a definite shape, and tightly gripped back the hand of his partner from which he felt nothing but reliability.

The clash resuming before his eyes, Crusch and Tiga’s battle was on equal footing in ability, exhibiting a true image of the ebbs and flows of battle.

From the perspective of Subaru, who was acquainted with Crusch’s ability, he would marvel at Tiga’s proficiency that demonstrated swordsmanship rivaling hers, but the decisive blow that would overcome this status quo―― One Slash, One Hundred Felled, that technique Crusch was endowed with, was a distinct disadvantage for them in what she equipped.

Regardless of whether Tiga was wise to that or not, it was thanks to his battle style opting for close-range that Crusch was not granted the time to charge wind. But, Subaru knew from experience that Crusch was stockpiling wind that would go on to repaint this situation in the intervals between these sword strikes.

Thus――,

Subaru: [Don’t rely on magic, my friend !]

Tiga: [I can’t use it in the first place, my friend !]

Was how the voice responded to his call; unknowing of whether that prospect was reliable or unreliable, Subaru hoisted his arms upward and held Beatrice to his chest. And the two, close enough for their cheeks to touch, firmly capturing the same duel in their eyes――,

Subaru & Beatrice: [――EMT!!]

An overlapping chant, and what simultaneously unfurled throughout the office was the expansion of an invisible field with Subaru and Beatrice at its heart―― all constructed spells of Mana would come undone, nullified, neutralized; their original move ought to be labeled as anti-Magic magic, it was EMT.

Within its field, using magic would be a fool’s errand, and even Meteors and Magicreation tools that used Mana as fuel would malfunction and get all messed up. Though when he asked Beatrice, it seemed like it would be a different story if the techniques were constructed to adapt to the situation in which they got all messed up.

Beatrice: [It’s easy to create an opening enough to slap Roswaal across the side of his surprised face, I suppose!]

Subaru: [Not to mention if it’s his first time seeing it… he wouldn’t know what’s what!]

The efficacy of the deployed field swallowed not just Subaru and Beatrice, but also the two exchanging sword strikes, engulfing them in its influence.

EMT did not cause any effect to Tiga’s battling style, who could not use magic as per his own testimony, but the same did not go for Crusch, who had been concocting wind for her trump card.

Crusch, who seemed to brace herself for something to come upon Subaru and Beatrice’s chant, glanced with her singular eye towards them once the effect of EMT’s field was exerted upon her. ――Before Returning by Death, Subaru had interlaced his gaze with Crusch’s as well.

Though with the expectations of then betrayed, Subaru had dourly parted with his life――,

Subaru: [Please surrender, Crusch-san! Your way to victory is gone! One Slash, One Hundred Felled can’t be used! I won’t let you use it! This is as far as it goes!]

Varnishing over the tremors in his voice with a bluff, Subaru acted out an unbending, powerful will.

He knew painfully well that powerlessness, a nearly weeping voice, a morose entreaty would not make reality reciprocate. What was necessary here and now was a powerful soul of language that transmitted his will.

He must pour his soul into the soul of his language. ――From the bottommost depths of his heart, he would deceive both the opponent and himself.

Make her believe that Natsuki Subaru is not an opponent worth fighting.

Crusch: [――――]

The glint in Crusch’s singular amber eye straightforwardly vied with Subaru’s black irises. During that time, the swords exchanged a powerful blow, and Crusch and Tiga’s sword strikes came to a pause.

Wielding the curved sword, with half of his body braced, Tiga remained stanced in a position to defend Subaru and Beatrice behind him,

Tiga: [Such is the warning my friend has given you. If I could add to it, I would surmise this friend of mine was perhaps a friend to you as well… what do you say, will you open your ears to listen?]

Subaru: [Tiga…]

Tiga: [If I may be frank, I do not have the power to one-sidedly take your sword and gain control over you. If I were to try and apprehend you, that would require the readiness for my body to be slashed, and worst case scenario, it would mean death. That is something neither I nor the two behind me wish for.]

As Tiga imparted this, his gaze was fixed on every single slight gesture of Crusch’s without ever letting his guard down.

It might have been that he joined Subaru’s bandwagon because getting Crusch to break even slightly would have been to his benefit. Yet, what Tiga had conveyed indisputably simplified Subaru’s will and made it easier to digest.

It was not possible for Tiga to have a grasp on the events that had transpired between Subaru and Crusch.

If anything, it would be appropriate for him to have the preconception that they were members of mutually opposing factions if he were familiar with the Royal Selection. But, from the short span of Subaru’s words and deeds here, Tiga had simply conjectured that his relationship with Crusch was not merely that of opposition.

He would take advantage of Tiga’s astuteness. ――He would seize and subdue Crusch.

Everything would follow after subduing her. He would think of a way for it all to work out after that.

Crusch: [I am――]

Beatrice: [――Minya.]

Whilst Subaru’s innermost heart was deluged in prayer, in the moment Crusch opened her mouth to speak, Beatrice’s hand was held aloft whilst she was carried by Subaru, and bluish-purple luminescence pierced at Crusch’s feet.

A strike of violet arrows impaling her feet crystallized the office floor, causing it to develop fissures.

Beatrice: [Refrain from heedless movement, I suppose. Even inside EMT, Betty and Subaru are the sole exception who can still use magic, in fact. Will you be able to function as our opponent in the middle of exchanging blows with that loose-lipped man, I suppose?]

Tiga: [I’m quite hurt at being assessed as a loose-lipped man just now, but I see, so you two can still use magic. Such foul play.]

Subaru: [That’s the concept after all. But, that’s how it is.]

Her forestall to Beatrice’s feint that asserted their superiority now surmounted, Crusch’s expression became slightly taut, he could tell. That was her reaction to now including Subaru and Beatrice as definite objects of vigilance after not counting them as threats until now.

To be regarded as such had its own pain as well. However, it was fortuitous to be deemed as a threat. If she were to be at a disadvantage, she must be able to make the right decision――,

Crusch: [I see.]

Said Crusch, as she swung a nonchalant arc with her sword, cutting a trajectory through an empty space where nobody was.

An unexpected move, although perhaps one to ascertain EMT’s effects. A swordgale that ought to have been birthed remained unborn, and she assented to One Slash, One Hundred Felled being punctured.

Furthermore――,

Crusch: [――Natsuki Subaru, what are you so fearful of?]

Once again, Crusch’s query flew at him.

However, this time was different than the first. He could grit his teeth and brave it, failing to be ingested into a daze.

Crusch: [Is it the result of the battle? Is it the safety of yourself or those in your vicinity? The Kingdom’s future? Or is it.]

Subaru: [――――]

Crusch: [――Or is it, my own sanity?]

It was a question steeped in nuance, requiring consideration.

Even in response to that question, Subaru used the entirety of his facial muscles to preserve the present situation. As to not convey even a fragment of his frailty, his recoil, or anything such, he forged an expression with all his might.

What would Crusch have seen in Subaru’s visage, an expression infused with his whole soul?

Crusch simply, briefly, faintly opened her lips,

Crusch: [Is that so.]

Was all she whispered.

Tiga: [Duchess, we have conveyed our demands. How will you respond?]

An interlude was born between Subaru and Crusch, a momentary hurricane of emotions impossible to manifest into words. As though consciously disregarding it, Tiga once again inquired of Crusch with an unsparing timbre.

The tension suffusing his voice plainly informed that this was his final ultimatum. Swordly aura acutely reemerged, and exposed to which, Crusch then looked at Tiga.

Crusch: [I understand your demands. Under these circumstances, with my wind forbidden, it is I who is at a disadvantage. Therefore I should surrender; am I correct to take that as your insistence?]

Subaru: [――. That’s right. Hereon out, Beako and I will also join in. Your chances of winning are…]

Crusch: [――None, to make that assertion is precipitous, Natsuki Subaru.]

Inundating Subaru with a blizzard of words as though trampling upon his bluff, Crusch slowly elevated her left hand which gripped no sword. ――What her slender fingers, attired in a white glove, touched was a large eyepatch which concealed her left eye.

An eyepatch that covered a large part of the left side of her face, was the part he had heard was being cured by the power of the Sacrament that Filóre used with the effect of Dragon’s Blood, that had not yet completely healed. Witnessing her slender fingers being placed upon it, as though plucking to rip it off, Subaru gazed on in stupefaction.

After all――,

Crusch: [Not a guise I wish to show for long. ――I too am a woman, after all.]

As she enunciated so, Crusch’s left eye that was now laid bare with the eyepatch removed, was incongruous to its original amber hue, sheening in golden luster. A reptilian-esque slit pupil, and lines of light like capillaries stretched under her eye―― beholding this, certain words bolted through Subaru’s mind.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

He knew not, whether it was correct or incorrect.

Merely, witnessing Crusch’s inhuman golden eye, he had a thought.

Crusch: [――――]

――That Crusch Karsten’s left eye, had become as Dragon’s Eye.

--- Chapter 14: Traitors ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Dragon’s Eye.

That was the expression that instinctively came to Subaru’s mind.

He had not had all too many opportunities to meet the beings that, unlike ground dragons, water dragons, and flying dragons, rightfully bore the appellation of Dragon. Even so, having witnessed the Divine Dragon Volcanica atop the summit of the Pleiades Watchtower and the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia in the Vollachian Empire, Subaru was likely someone with a rather expansive amount of experience with Dragons.

And yet, Subaru’s ample first-hand observations were not the reason why he had such an intuition.

It was more so a sensation rooted in his instincts as a living creature.

When facing a Dragon, one would feel it. ――The distinction, in the hierarchy of existence.

To feel reverence towards a being on a fundamentally different level as a living creature; this was unquestionably how humans regarded Dragons. It was precisely that sensation itself that confirmed it for him.

That was exactly the sensation Subaru had felt regarding Crusch’s left eye upon the removal of her eyepatch.

Subaru: [――――]

An inhuman eye, radiating with golden brilliance and effused with an aberrant light―― a Dragon Eye: with that which ought to be ordained as such in her eye socket, Subaru’s heart shuddered at the sight of Crusch.

What had happened to her body? What did that left eye insinuate? Why would she not cast away her sword even though her wind had been sealed? How had things ended up like this?

Perhaps it was an act of defense, instinctually fearing confrontation with the reality before his eyes, that churned his thoughts into a maelstrom of doubts bereft of any answer.

Swallowing down such formal pretexts, Subaru somehow managed to open his mouth, and――,

Subaru: [―― ah .]

――He felt as if his heart had been pierced by her gaze suffused with golden light.

???: [――Shamak!!]

At that instant, Beatrice voiced the incantation in place of the frozen Subaru, her hand held aloft.

Sympathizing with the feelings of Subaru, loathe to fight Crusch, she chose the Yin Magic Shamak, which would tear away the consciousness of the opponent from reality―― in the sense of rendering its target powerless, there were none superior to it; with skill beyond compare to Subaru, she deployed it.

Enshrouding Crusch’s head, it severed her will to fight from this place―― or it should have.

And yet――,

Crusch: [――I perceive it.]

Crusch tilted her head, leisurely evading the whirling black haze that arose in the air without warning.

Beatrice: [――Hk, Shamak! Shamak, Shamak, Shamak!]

Swallowing her astonishment over her first attack having been evaded, Beatrice gave rise to successive black hazes in midair.

With her quick and agile movements, Crusch eluded each and every one of the spells incessantly chained together, drawing close to envelop her, whereupon she finally connected her sword to initiation of the magic, disrupting the spell.

The thwarting of magic before its invocation. ――He comprehended the logic that for all magic, it was not until the collected Mana was given direction that an effect would be manifested, so if one were to disrupt the composition, it could not be materialized, but…

???: [Shouldn’t actually putting it into practice be a different story!?]

She had demonstrated the divine feat of slaying magic before it could become magic, so to speak; with a tinge of wonder in his voice, Tiga leapt upon Crusch from the side.

Crusch, with her sword dancing through the air, received Tiga, who exhibited his skillful finesse in being able to execute simultaneous attacks single-handedly with both his curved sword and kicks, and the battle between them resumed.

Yet, that was――,

Crusch: [I believe I told you. That I perceive it.]

Crusch’s movements, as she calmly informed them of such, had clearly changed, even to the untrained eye.

That change was not only perceptible via sight, but was also something evident to the ears―― that was because, distinct from the conflict just moments prior, there was something that had vanished from the fight between the two of them. Sound.

A duel of steel striking steel, with sparks being scattered: such exchanges had wholly ceased.

Crusch avoided the blade swung and kicks unleashed by Tiga not with her own sword, but merely with the movement of her body.

Even an amateur could understand which, between blocking or evading, was the conduct that granted one more leeway. And, that which enabled it was――,

Subaru: [――The Dragon’s Eye.]

With a gulp, Subaru swallowed a feeling of wonder that he could not stifle in his throat.

In all likelihood, the speed of Crusch’s movements themselves had not changed all that much. It was not the velocity of her movements that had changed so considerably, but the rapidity of her initiation of that movement.

In a battle where one’s life could be exchanged in an instantaneous give and take, if only one person gained “something” that allowed them to shave off fractions of a second from that sequence of instant after instant, the superiority of that individual would be unfathomable.

Presently, what Crusch was doing was eliminating those fractions of a second.

Tiga: [Guh… kuh!]

As if to support that conjecture of Subaru’s, the state of the duel in the office suddenly shifted.

Having launched various techniques that energetically animated his entire body, that sword dance of Tiga which ought to have allowed him to cross blades with Crusch head-on, however imperfectly, was interrupted, and he began to be forced into a defensive posture.

The initiation of his onslaught thwarted, a sword thrust into a gap in his combination attack, and prevented from acting as he wished, agitation showed on Tiga’s heretofore unflappable face as he narrowly managed to resist.

However, even if he were to devote himself to defense, he could not escape unscathed. Blood ran from his shoulder, his thigh, and finally from a single cut upon his cheek crimson flowed, those trails of trickling blood attesting to his struggle.

If this were to continue, Tiga would soon be included among the victims of the McMahon manor.

That was the worst-case scenario that must not come to pass, now that Miklotov could no longer be reclaimed.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [OHHHHHHHH――!!]

While Tiga and Beatrice attempted to suppress her with sword and spell respectively, the howling Subaru cracked the whip he had drawn from the rear of his waist, compelling the tip of his Guiltywhip to whistle through the air.

From the moment he had decided to employ EMT, Subaru’s aim was to subdue Crusch.

The reason he had left the battle up to Beatrice and Tiga until now, was not merely due to his disorientation and astonishment at Crusch’s transformation. It was for the sake of this one and only surprise attack.

Swifter than sword or spell, Guiltywhip’s strike approached Crusch.

No matter the mechanism behind the Dragon Eye, dealing with an unfamiliar attack would――,

Crusch: [――I have already perceived that.]

Subaru: [―― ogh .]

An instant later, struck by twin shocks, a pathetic gasp escaped Subaru’s lungs.

The first shock was how easily the surprise attack he had been building up to had been averted. Crusch met the whip loosed by Subaru’s hand with her sword before it could fully extend, knocking its tip to the ground.

It merited admiration that what should have been the fastest attack present had been cut down so readily. But, it paled in comparison to what the second shock wrought.

The second shock was witnessing the eye of Crusch, who had cut away Guiltywhip―― not her Dragon Eye, but her proper, amber, right eye, brimming with a heartrending hue.

Subaru: [――I don’t understand… what that means.]

To put it bluntly without taking care with his words, he was naught but bewildered by that gaze, appearing to him as if she were on the verge of tears.

Even though Crusch was the one acting amiss, Subaru felt like he was being treated as the villain for trying to subdue her. It was not to the magnitude where he could say something like, despite even being killed by her once, the tears of a beautiful woman were unfair.

Of course, if he were to be told that it was a baseless pretext, that would be the end of it.

The expression worn by this true Crusch remained emotionless, lips pursed, only shooting a single glance at Subaru, the wielder of the whip she had repelled. ――But, for some reason, he thought so. Doesn’t she look like she’s about to cry?

――I’ll stop those tears.

Subaru: [――Hk.] Tiga: [Don’t drop your――!]

While Subaru gritted his teeth at the emotion that had flashed across Crusch’s eye, Tiga, though perhaps misinterpreting it, noticed an opening he could take advantage of, and flashed his shamshir with ferocious speed.

The naked, curved blade whirled, roaring like the fang of a beast, closing in on Crusch’s slender body――,

Crusch: [I told you that I perceive it!]

In an instant, Crusch twisted her body to match the trajectory of the flashing curved blade, evading the sword strike so that it grazed her skin, and raising her voice, she struck Tiga in the jaw with her knee as it shot up.

With a cry of pain, Tiga bent backwards, and flashes of cleaving light launched in quick succession splattered his blood over the office as he instantly protected his vitals.

As he instinctively stumbled back, a powerful kick bored into his torso. Blown straight back, Tiga slammed into a wall back-first, and immediately collapsed.

However――,

Subaru: [I’ve got it from here, my friend !]

Utilizing the meager time Tiga had gained, Subaru closed in on Crusch. Continuing to wield his whip, he aimed for Crusch’s hand which gripped her sword――,

Crusch: [I perceive that as well.]

With a flippant remark, Crusch warded off the strike of the whip with but a flick of her wrist, and as swiftly as the tip of the sword whipped around, it became a thrust, stabbing at the leg of the recklessly approaching Subaru.

That silver light pierced the top of his foot, and Subaru, paying the price for each of his impulsive actions――,

Subaru: [Beatrice!]

Beatrice: [――Hk, you’re a partner who always asks the impossible, in fact!]

Inferring Subaru’s intentions from that single cry, Beatrice used her miniscule body to its fullest extent, pouring her entire soul into realizing her partner’s wish as she berated him.

The instant the blade reached him, it activated. ――The absolute defensive magic, EMM.

Crusch: [――――]

An original spell of Subaru and Beatrice, it invoked the strongest defense, rejecting any and all physical or magical interference by shifting their own existence a half step out of reality. Nonetheless, as this was the first display of power where EMM had been utilized from within the deployment of EMT, its success was a miracle――,

Beatrice: [ Love-you’s will be required at morning, noon, and night, I suppose!]

Subaru: [I love you, Beako!]

Whilst offering up the payment she had cutely demanded as the price for that miracle, Subaru immediately switched from the fact that the thrust had not penetrated to setting his sights on Crusch, ready for his next move.

In exchange for an unassailable defense, EMM’s flaw was that it forbade any movement. The moment one would take another step, it would spell the end of their period of invincibility. The subsequent tip of her sword would be mercilessly thrust into him.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [ Invisible Providence !]

Before the next blow could be unleashed, he played all the cards in his hand, one after another.

Blood gushing from his nose, the invisible black arm extended from Subaru’s chest, grasping the hand with which Crusch held her sword and forcing an end to the follow-up she was about to unleash. The unseen arm squeezed Crusch’s wrist with ferocity, causing her hand to drop her sword as she lost her martial ability.

Crusch was sequentially hindered from acting by the cards unknown to her in Subaru’s hand, and putting his entire weight into his remaining arms, he pushed her against the wall using all three of his hands, including his magic one.

Subaru: [Crusch-san! Listen to me!]

Gripping both of her wrists and forcibly pinning Crusch against the wall, Subaru pleaded with her.

As he did so, Crusch writhed, attempting to drive her knee into Subaru’s side, but he forcibly pushed his body close, close enough that they could feel each other’s breath, immobilizing her.

Right before his own eyes, Crusch’s heterochromatic eyes of amber and gold looked at Subaru. And, while looking back at her head-on,

Subaru: [This… no matter how you look at it, this is wrong! It’s gotten out of hand! I’m not going to let things continue like this!]

Crusch: [Natsuki Subaru…]

Subaru: [I… I won’t accept any of this! I WON’T ACCEPT IT!!]

As Subaru raised his voice to a roar, Crusch’s face tensed.

After all, the gist of his contentions was the same as when he had ranted words of lament before he had Returned by Death. Still, he wanted to believe that he might obtain a different outcome than he had prior, where he had just stood there and shouted, now that he had given her time to reflect.

Miklotov, all the lives of those at the McMahon estate, none of them would ever be reclaimed.

Despite that being the case, surely there was something he could do aside from sitting back and accepting the worst possible outcome. To that end, it was vital that Crusch laid down her sword here.

The persuasiveness to have her do so――,

Subaru: [――Eh?]

With such expectations in mind, Subaru, awaiting Crusch’s response, let out a hoarse breath from his throat.

That was due to what was occurring before his eyes―― Crusch’s different left and right eyes both suddenly became pointed, and using the reaction of pushing her back off the wall, she forcefully pulled Subaru to the ground.

Taking that which had felt like a surprise attack head-on, Subaru was pitifully torn down on the spot. ――However, it was not a counterattack against Subaru. Rather, it had been the opposite.

――After all, in the next moment, an enormous amount of hellfire engulfed Subaru’s vision with bright red.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Feeling as though he could hear a distant sound akin to a steam whistle, his consciousness slowly began to resurface.

Breaking through the surface tension of awakening, what he first experienced when his face emerged was a stinging, painful ache. Feeling it stimulate his full body, especially his right arm, he unwittingly grunted an agonizing groan.

Subaru: [―― Ugh .]

???: [――! Subaru, have you opened your eyes, I suppose? Are you alright, in fact?]

Hearkening his escaped groan, a voice immediately took notice of Subaru’s awakening. A voice he was accustomed to, it was that of his partner who would welcome every morning’s awakening alongside him: Beatrice.

However, this awakening, chaperoned by agony, was considerably different from that which he experienced every day.

Subaru: [ Bea… ko… ? What happened… to me…]

Beatrice: [You mustn’t force yourself to get up, I suppose. The burns are still severe, in fact… If only there were enough Mana, Betty would heal them immediately, but, apologies, I suppose.]

Subaru: [You don’t need to apologize for… burns?]

As his eyelids opened whilst trembling, he could see Beatrice’s slumped face peeping at him. A Great Spirit with large, round pupils filled to the brim with sadness, he sought to immediately console her laments, but then stopped.

Burns ; upon hearing that word, his slumbering brain commenced an awakening that lagged behind his body. That was right. If he recalled correctly, then right before he fell unconscious, he had seen flames. And, further prior to that――,

Subaru: [――Crusch-san!]

The tragedy of the McMahon residence called to his mind, Subaru’s body vigorously shot up.

One recollection onset the restoration of the vivacious memories all in one go. The demise of Miklotov, the one who had professed to being his executioner, Crusch, the subsequent scene of attempting to subdue her, and the Dragon’s Eye that sojourned in the resisting Crusch’s left eye―― to far too great an extent, things had taken a turn by leaps and bounds.

However, first came Crusch. In the end, he had succeeded in seizing her using EMM and Invisible Providence. Thereafter, an unforeseen blaze came into sight――.

Subaru: [That’s right, an incredibly powerful flame had flared up… so the pain in my arm, is due to those burns? Shit, it stings…! But, this is barely any――]

Beatrice: [C-Calm down, in fact! Healing magic has yet to be applied due to the shortage of Mana, I suppose! You must remain at rest or you may catch some awful illness, in fact!]

Subaru: [Now’s not the time for that! We gotta focus on Crusch-san rather than me right now. Compared to that, something like collapsing with a fever would be totally――]

Fine ; declaring so, he attempted to shake off Beatrice’s disquietude, and it happened at that precise moment.

???: [――Seems you have awakened, Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: [Huh.]

Abruptly, he heard a voice betraying his anticipations, as Subaru widened his eyes. Within Subaru’s field of vision, stepping out from the veil of darkness was Crusch, the one whom he was right about to launch into a search for just then.

With the Lagmite ore lamp she held illuminating her vicinity, her left eye covered again with an eyepatch, Crusch trotted up to Subaru whilst he debated Beatrice, and taking his right arm,

Crusch: [As I thought, it seems it is not a wound that can be left unattended. It’s nothing more than first aid, but take this.]

Whilst enunciating so, with the lamp set by her feet, Crusch took an embroidered, white handkerchief out of her breast pocket and gently wrapped it around Subaru’s right arm in place of bandages.

Stains oozed to permeate through the handkerchief where it touched the burn wounds, and upon the softness of Crusch’s touch as she wrapped it, Subaru blinked in stupefaction, unable to keep up with the situation.

Crusch: [――? What is the matter? There is a wind of confoundment blowing around you.]

Subaru: […Well yeah, of course there’d be that sorta turbulence. As far as my memories go, up until just now we’d been, you know, fighting it out with desperate expressions, right?]

Crusch: [I believe it was only you who wore a look of desperation.]

Subaru: [I’m just saying the overall gist of things as I saw it! Between the two of us, if I were making a desperate face, then the ratio of desperation would be fifty percent, yeah?]

Crusch: [I see. That does stand to reason.]

Her inordinately serious visage nodded in concordance to him, to which Subaru could not help but be dumbfounded, as he had frivolously heaped up all sorts of persiflage.

Thereupon, Subaru finally came to notice the queer space they all found themselves inside―― a passageway with a damp humidity that could not be labeled as particularly hygienic was the site of their conversation. What he had been laid to rest on was the chilly, solid floor, the air was humid with a wafting fishy stench, and directing his focus to it once more, it was a space with a prolific sense of sewage arduous to disregard.

Subaru: [Or rather, is this place actually just the sewers?]

Beatrice: [That’s also why Betty doesn’t want you to push yourself for now, Subaru, I suppose. If you were to carelessly contract tetanus or something, it would be quite difficult to heal it right now, in fact.]

Subaru: [So that’s why you two were playing roles of the pretty doctor and the tomboy nurse … I’m super grateful for that, but more importantly―― what’s going on?]

Beatrice: [――――]

Indicating his appreciation for Beatrice’s concern towards his well-being, the reason for the continued stagnation of his understanding was Crusch, who had been about just as proactive as his devoted partner in tending to Subaru’s burns.

Narrowing her eyes at Subaru as he faintly deepened the tone of his voice, she divulged a quiet sigh, and,

Crusch: [We are in the sewers, a short distance away from Miklotov McMahon’s residence. Based on our travel distance, this must be about midway between the Noble and Commercial Districts. Even through use of the sewer system, we cannot slip through the checkpoints that control entering and exiting the upper stratum. At present, that is the obstacle that stands in our path.]

Subaru: [Slow down, slow down, I’m begging you to just wait for a sec. I can’t keep up with this at all. To begin with, what happened right before and after I fainted is super fuzzy in my head. It’s just…]

Crusch: [Just?]

Subaru: [Based on what you said just now… could it be that, Crusch-san, you and I are currently the same party members ?]

Crusch: [ Paartee memburrs …]

Crusch knitted her eyebrows at the words unfamiliar to her ears; however, Beatrice, who had been already officially certified as having passed the second grade of modern language, nodded to his query with an “I suppose”.

Beatrice: [There is a variety of difficulties at play, but that girl has no hostility towards us, in fact. The one who carried Subaru all the way here while you had fainted was also that girl, I suppose.]

Crusch: [Had you been left behind at that place, you would not have averted a death by burning either. At the very least, I did not sense any falsity in your words. Thus, your death is not to my desire.]

Subaru: [I see. For that, thank you… but still.]

The spectacle he witnessed immediately before he fainted, and the large scars of burns on his right arm, served partway as proof that Crusch had indeed saved him from a perilous situation. It was not possible that Beatrice would go so far as colluding with Crusch to the point of deceiving Subaru.

However, the reason why Subaru failed to pronounce his gratitude upfront owed to how Crusch had phrased it―― Subaru’s death, had not been to her desire. But, what about the deaths of Miklotov and the others?

Subaru: […Crusch-san, did you really kill Miklotov-san?]

Crusch: [――. I had affirmed it at that place as well, but it is the truth. Miklotov McMahon, and the staff he employed at that mansion, were all slain by my hand to abandon.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Crusch: [Need I explain the reason as well? That would also be a reiteration of what I spoke at that place, but Miklotov McMahon and his coterie were all traitors, those who were plotting against the Kingdom of Lugunica. Therefore, as one belonging to upper nobility, I bestowed the death penalty by means of the sword.]

Subaru: [That’s… that’s what I don’t get. That they were traitors, that they were conspiring against the Kingdom, what does that even mean? What was he plotting that was so absurd that it made you run out of patience, Crusch-san?]

Crusch: [――At the very least, there is a high likelihood he was utilizing the prophecies of the Dragon History Stone to his own convenience.]

Subaru swallowed a breath, having hastened the conversation to burst the successively emerging bubbles of dubiety.

The information Crusch appended at the very end was about the Dragon History Stone, which was precisely what Subaru had wanted to ascertain with Miklotov firsthand today.

The Covenant with the Divine Dragon possessed potent, mighty influence over the Kingdom, the substantive details of which were engraved into a prophetic tablet―― that was the Dragon History Stone, and also a key item that constructed the basis for commencing the Royal Selection that Emilia was participating in as well.

However, it was an article he had only ever heard of and had never actually seen for himself, so if it were possible, Subaru wished to ascertain its existence personally with his own eyes, that was all.

Subaru: [That Dragon History Stone was being used? By Miklotov-san?]

Crusch: [It is difficult to imagine that the Dragon History Stone, which informs of all great matters of importance to the Kingdom, did not tell of the members of the Royal Family passing away one after another. If that is the case, then what is probable is that the one who had been entrusted with the Dragon History Stone willfully concealed the prophecy that ought to have been foretold, and did not publicize it.]

Subaru: [But… but, isn’t it way too late for that now!? You must’ve had that doubt even before the Royal Selection began in the first place. Crusch-san, that was exactly why you and Ferris――]

The two of them must have possessed the motivation to investigate the particulars pertaining to the catastrophe of the Royal Family’s demise. After all, the fourth prince, a member of the perished Royal Family, was of an especially close relationship.

But then again, even Subaru was not so insensible as to vocalize that and press her.

Crusch: [――That I did not wield the option to distrust, is the utmost extremity of regret for myself from those bygone days.]

Conjecturing the terminus of his discontinued words, Crusch recognized her own blunder.

Of course, to label it as a mere blunder was far too uncompassionate to a person enduring the fresh loss of someone close. He had heard from Ferris that merely a close relationship would be an inadequate descriptor for the relationship between the fourth prince and Crusch, as well.

That must have precisely been Crusch’s premier reason to desire the throne.

But――,

Subaru: [Then… why did you start doubting that, all of a sudden…]

Crusch: [Surely you understand without requiring me to say it. By sending the Church of the Divine Dragon to my doorstep, and deceiving Ferris with guileful words, they schemed to have me withdraw from the Royal Selection.]

Subaru: [――Hk!? Crusch-san, that’s…]

Crusch: [Ferris has a potent sense of duty. My situation was what it was, and he was being tormented by haunting anxieties. Under such circumstances, when whispered cajolery by the man called the brains of the Kingdom, it is no fault of Ferris’s that he erred in judgment. Were it not for that――]

Subaru: [――――]

Crusch: [――Were it not for that, that individual would have never committed an act that tramples upon the vow between His Highness and myself.] [1]

Eyes downcast, voice subdued, Crusch endeavored to crush her emotions.

However, the more her endeavor transmitted to him, the less clear it became towards which side the scales inside Subaru’s heart would tip.

Sentimentally, he of course wanted to believe Crusch. All due apologies to Miklotov, but if Miklotov really were a traitor using the Kingdom for his own intentions, then a legitimate righteousness would suffuse Crusch’s actions. Perhaps, were she to be given a proper trial of law, she might still be pardoned given the extenuating circumstances.

However, Subaru remembered Miklotov’s comment back at the site of the Royal Selection, appraising him as Emilia’s Knight despite Subaru disgracing himself in an intolerable sight.

Crusch was Subaru’s benefactor, and likewise, Miklotov too was his benefactor.

Desiring a conclusion as convenient as binaries between either side seemed far too onerous.

Furthermore――,

Subaru: [Ferris…]

Bearing the resolution to be abhorred by Crusch and thereupon be dismissed as her Knight, he had taken the hand offered by the Church of the Divine Dragon, and selected this option with the foresight of his master dropping out from the Royal Selection.

Even if it meant turning the vow concerning the fourth prince into scrap paper, he had made his choice.

That decision, was not something he wished to so easily label as the outcome of someone else’s designs.

Subaru: […I understand your assertion for now, Crusch-san. I want to discuss it thoroughly until everything is cleared up. There are some other things too――]

Crusch: [Wait, Natsuki Subaru. Your questions are rightful, but now that you have awakened, I would prefer to prioritize moving first. It would be unwise to remain at this spot forever.]

Subaru: [Ahh, here as in the sewers, yeah? Sure, I’d like to change the setting as well, but there’s still things we need to talk――]

Subaru was persistent towards Crusch as she sought to wrap up the conversation, slowly shaking her head sideways. But, the sleeve of his unburned left arm was tugged on by Beatrice.

With a single glance, he could tell that Beatrice’s expression conceived a faint tension,

Beatrice: [On this point, Betty is in agreement with that girl, in fact. In any case, running comes first, I suppose. If we dawdle, the pursuers will catch us, in fact.]

Subaru: [Not you too… wait, hold on hold on, I can’t just ignore that. Running? Pursuers? I don’t get what you’re saying. That makes it sound like we’re in the sewers because…]

Beatrice: [――――]

Subaru: [Because… we have to… run…]

As Subaru articulated it into words, the ill premonition that gradually came over him set off a numbness in his tongue.

Meanwhile, Crusch lifted up the lamp set onto the passageway once again, whilst Beatrice, her eyebrows furrowed in disconcert, repeatedly opened and closed her slim lips in a conundrum of what to say.

From her attitude devoid of futility, and bearings abound in forethought, he could surmise. ――Without jest, Subaru and the others had been driven into a position of being fugitives.

Subaru: [I don’t understand! There’s still too much unexplained! Besides…]

Surveying his environs whilst pronouncing so, Subaru ascertained the absence of any figure besides Beatrice and Crusch and alluded to a distinct anomaly. ――Tiga’s absence.

Subaru: [What about Tiga… he was also in the mansion together with us. Yet, why don’t I see him anywhere around here? What happened, what’s happening, why has it happened such that things ended up this way? Tell me why――]

Crusch: [――Tiga Rauleon, was it? Unfortunately, that man is our pursuer.]

Subaru: […What?]

Crusch’s voice responded to Subaru’s doubt, though that birthed yet another doubt within him.

Things he did not comprehend further accumulated atop things he did not comprehend, and it was only natural he failed to grasp the perfect form of the building blocks that became an aggregate of things he did not comprehend.

With those as his true feelings as he gazed in stupefaction, Subaru peered at Crusch.

Upon his glance of inquiry, she hoisted the lamp upward, illumining her gorgeous face with its white glow to reveal it, her left eye concealed by an eyepatch, and resumed.

That was――,

Crusch: [Presently, the three of us are being pursued. By Tiga Rauleon and the Kingdom’s forces. ――For the charges of murdering Miklotov McMahon, and of being traitors plotting to overthrow the Kingdom, you see.]

Translation Note:

[1] –  The pronoun Crusch uses while referring to Ferris here is あれ, which can be interpreted as distant and even disparaging.

--- Chapter 15: Together Unto Hell ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――When the unfurling hellflame engulfed Natsuki Subaru, Beatrice had doubted her eyes.

Beatrice: [Why…!?]

The expansion of EMT was an illegal move that meddled with any Mana-based interferences that spawned within its field―― primarily, the composition of magic spells, into which it would forcibly insert the commands to cancel and disassemble. It was a form of cheat magic that, if born at an earlier time, would have undoubtedly been branded a forbidden art.

Of course, it was entirely possible for the mechanisms of EMT to be seen through and surmounted by formulating a technique that still functioned even when the composition of magic came unraveled. However, such a non-standard feat, akin to replacing a single part of a meticulously constructed Magicreation tool with something entirely different, yet still having it function all the same, would have been impossible if it were not either Roswaal or the Witch of Greed―― Mother.

Excluding such irregularities, it would have been impossible for anyone to invoke magic, whoever they may be.

That had been――,

Beatrice: [How in the world did you break through, in fact?]

???: [――. It’s not anything quite so impressive as breaking through. I simply just racked my brains, and put my body on the line.]

Beatrice: [――――]

As the question left her lips, within Beatrice’s sight as she narrowed her eyes, the one to respond, half-leaning against the wall as he propped himself up, had been Tiga Rauleon.

Amidst the tempestuous combat, the young man who ought to have been knocked out of commission after being kicked to the wall by the rampaging girl with the Dragon Eye―― Crusch, exhaled a long, weary breath. As Tiga gripped his beloved sword in one hand, he held his other hand over his side. ――In the vicinity of where he had placed his hand, the clothes around his abdomen were scorched; witnessing the carbonization of his skin, Beatrice shuddered.

That was not a wound he had sustained from Crusch’s assault. Thus, that wound was precisely what had――,

Beatrice: […You, just what were you thinking, I suppose.]

Tiga: [I only did what was necessary, Miss Beatrice. This, the scriptures say. “Whilst the Dragon circles the heavens, people must till the fields. Those who let the time they hath been given fester in slumber, shall not tread upon even the Dragon’s shadow when the season of harvest cometh”… or so it goes.]

Slowly shaking his head from side to side, Tiga recited a verse from the scriptures of the Church of the Divine Dragon, bearing a striking resemblance to Filóre. However, if he was trying to say that his thorough reading of scripture to the point of memorization substantiated the resolve behind his decision, Beatrice could not easily accept it.

The charred wound on Tiga’s flank, was something brought about by the same flame that had engulfed Subaru and Crusch―― however, that flame had not scorched him externally, but from within.

The efficacy of EMT, was to dismantle the composition of magic being invoked within the field.

This condition of being inside the field, was something Tiga had forcibly overcome.

The method behind it was――,

Tiga: [――The magic invoked within my own body isn’t affected by this forbidden art… It’s not like I was entirely sure of it, but it seems like I was right.]

Beatrice: [――――]

Tiga: [I noticed it while fighting. I thought, “Huh, it seems like I can’t use magic right now because of this, but my Flow Method is still working.” And so――]

Beatrice: [Even so, neither slicing open your abdomen, nor using magic with the resolve to scorch your innards through that open wound, are easy choices to make, in fact… The only ones capable of performing such a feat, are humans whose hearts are enslaved to something far beyond a mere sense of duty, I suppose.]

Tiga: [Why, it feels sort of like you’re calling me crazy, which is a little upsetting… I guess it’s only natural.]

Even if his voice was heavy from exhaustion, Tiga’s response in itself was matter-of-fact, causing Beatrice to feel an unpleasant chill in her non-existent liver.

Beatrice had only known Tiga for an exceedingly brief amount of time, just a day or two since they met at a chapel of the Church of the Divine Dragon. However, even in that short time, it was the truth that she had been fond of his good chemistry with Subaru, as well as the witty demeanor he displayed as they spoke.

She struggled to reconcile that initial impression of him with the Tiga now standing before her eyes. ――In particular, the mechanical decision that disregarded his own well-being in order to carry out the necessary task was a complete reversal from the impression she had held of him until now.

Just what had propelled him to go to such lengths?

An aberrant tenacity that far exceeded a mere sense of duty―― Beatrice knew of people who operated with such resolve. Tiga’s tenacity, was of the same nature as Roswaal’s.

Over four hundred years, he was a man who had derailed the fates of many, and yet even now still aspired to the state of a Warlock doing everything in his power to accomplish his objective. ――Was Tiga on his way to reaching the same place as Roswaal?

Tiga: [I just do what’s necessary. ――So that I may reclaim my own life.]

To Beatrice’s misgivings, Tiga quietly responded with a slight shrug of his shoulders. Then, he glanced deeper within the room, towards the rumbling blaze of the flames,

Tiga: [If you ask me, Miss Beatrice, I actually find your reaction to be the unexpected one, or rather, surprising. Honestly, I was also prepared for you to start firing magic at me. After all, I did what I did.]

Beatrice: […Is that to be taken as you saying it was not an error of judgment made while caught up in the moment, in fact?]

Tiga: [Yeah, there’s no doubt about that. ――Duchess Crusch Karsten repeatedly failed to comply with my advice to surrender. I even gave her an ultimatum, and yet she cut it down and cast it away.]

Beatrice: [――――]

Tiga: [Having murdered Sir Miklotov, she even turned her blade against us; she wasn’t sane. That’s why I had to make the call on the spot, but doing so allowed me to thoroughly eliminate the threat… Is there anything I’m saying that’s wrong?]

A stylish pretty-boy, with a mask of emotionlessness affixed over the handsome face that gave off such an impression, Tiga questioned Beatrice on the validity of his own actions.

Present there was not the face of a martyr seeking forgiveness in lament of his own deeds, but rather, that of an executioner detachedly ascertaining if he was truly responsible for the blood staining his hands.

Within Beatrice, her initial impression towards Tiga was already far beyond any hope of recovery.

Beatrice: [That which you say, is not incorrect, I suppose.]

Facing Tiga, Beatrice narrowed her round eyes and nodded.

In reality, that was so. Beatrice and the others had directly witnessed the tragedy of the McMahon manor, and in the chain of events following their confrontation against its perpetrator, Crusch, there had been no errors in Tiga’s actions. To the maximum extent, he had acted in accordance with Subaru’s intent, and had tried to help subdue Crusch, with the only one refusing that judgment altogether being unmistakably Crusch herself.

In order to defend himself from such a dangerous individual, Tiga did have the right to make a callous decision. Even if it was a decision that caused collateral damage to Subaru, with whom he had been fighting alongside, it was morally unacceptable to blame him for the matter without even asking for the reasons behind his judgment.

That was why――,

Beatrice: [Betty is not so obstinate as to selfishly blame you for that, in fact.]

Tiga: […I see. Then――]

Beatrice: [――However.]

Saying that, Beatrice cut off Tiga’s words.

For a moment, what flashed through Tiga’s yellow eyes was not surprise, but a hue of icy composure. Shoving her strong sentiment towards that into a corner of her head, Beatrice continued.

Tiga’s conduct was justified, but even so――,

Beatrice: [――Betty will support the one who saved Subaru, I suppose.]

――That instant, the flames so scintillating they seemed to scorch any eyes directed towards them, were severed in twain from the opposite side.

???: [――――]

The flames, cut down with nary a sound, parted as they flickered, and standing calmly in the space opened between them, was the girl with the Dragon Eye―― having unleashed a knifehand strike with her right hand to split the flames, and carrying the unconscious Subaru in her left arm, was Crusch Karsten.

Crusch: [The heat… no, I cut the flow of power. So this is what is known as the “deadspot”?]

Touching the eyelid of her Dragon Eye with the right hand that had performed the strike, Crusch muttered as if having come to an understanding.

Shocked at the fact that she had cleared away that hellfire with a single swing of her arm, Beatrice ascertained the safety of Subaru in Crusch’s arm, and felt an even greater sense of relief.

――In the immediate aftermath of Subaru being engulfed by the flames, the only reason Beatrice had been able to remain calm was because she had received no life-threatening reaction via the pathway that connected her to her Contractor.

Because of that fact, and due to what she had seen in the very final moments―― the fact that in order to protect Subaru from the incoming inferno, Crusch had pulled him down and jumped in front of the flames herself, Beatrice had decided on her stance.

That Beatrice, would support Crusch Karsten.

Beatrice: [At the very least, Betty will listen to what she has to say, in fact. The finer judgments can be made afterward, I suppose.]

Tiga: [――. I can’t call that a wise decision, Miss Beatrice. You mustn’t let the wool be pulled over your eyes just because your Contractor, Subaru, was saved. The Duchess is dangerous.]

Beatrice: [Don’t treat Betty as a Spirit who neither thinks nor looks ahead, in fact. Ah, but if Betty were to be such a careless and indiscriminate Spirit, then it would of course be exceedingly natural to support that girl who saved Subaru, I suppose.]

Tiga: [Is this really the time for quibbling!? Before long, people will notice this fire and come rushing in. If you mess up on where you stand, it’ll be too late even if you regret it later. What will happen to Subaru!?]

Beatrice: [As the person who attempted to scorch Subaru along with that girl, your words do not carry any weight whatsoever, in fact. However, just as you say, there does not seem to be much time, I suppose. That is why――]

With those words, Beatrice slowly raised up her right hand, to which Tiga held his breath.

The preparations for magic, it was not. It was the opposite. As Beatrice prepared to snap her fingers, Tiga sharpened his yellow eyes at her objective, and while pointing his shamshir at her,

Tiga: [Enough, give it up. I seriously won’t be able to cover for you anymore.]

Beatrice: [In the past, Betty regrets having seen off a friend’s final moments while only being able to pitifully cry, in fact. ――The same rut shall not entrap me twice, I suppose.]

Even if it was a situation where troubles inundated them like billowing waves, so long as she was permitted to do so, Beatrice would continue to forge her own path.

Never again would she cower before that which was precious to her, like when she had lost her friend while being able to do nothing but be pushed around by the waves.

For that purpose――,

Beatrice: [――Betty is siding with you here, in fact, Crusch Karsten!]

Snapping her fingers, Beatrice gave the cue, and released it. ――Released EMT.

That instant, the invisible field enveloping the office disappeared, a change that could have only been perceived minutely by those with keen senses.

And neither Tiga, nor the possessor of the Dragon Eye, were exceptions to that――,

Crusch: [――One Slash, One Hundred Felled.]

The explosive updraft that was unleashed quaked the McMahon residence, with the office as its epicenter.

△▼△▼△▼△

Beatrice: [――Afterwards, we shook off that man from our trail and ran to take refuge in the sewers, I suppose. It would have been preferable to run farther away, but we couldn’t be excessive while Subaru was asleep, in fact.]

Nestled beside him and supporting his body, Beatrice’s recount enabled Subaru to organize all the information in his disoriented mind, and he managed to mumble out an “I see…”.

In all honesty, it was a pathetic showing for him to have been the only one to let his consciousness drop out amidst all that had occurred. But, even such self-chastising thoughts had to be set aside for later.

Subaru: [First of all… Beako, it was a nice call from you to not separate from Crusch-san. If we’d parted ways in that situation, then I would’ve regretted it to no end.]

Beatrice: [Giving utmost forethought to your partner’s feelings is only natural, I suppose. Betty was confident that Subaru would have done the same, in fact.]

Subaru: [Though from a third party’s perspective it really does seem like an unreasonable choice, so I can’t just say “That’s right!” without reservations.]

The situation was what it was, but a wry smile escaped him at the sight of Beatrice’s nonetheless smug expression.

However, what enabled him to relax his lips, even if just a bit, was solely this portion of the conversation. ―Peering at the burns on his arm, stinging with ache, Subaru bit his lip.

Subaru: [Tiga, of all people, did this…]

Beatrice: [Unmistakably, I suppose. Either what he said about not being able to use magic in the middle of the battle was a bluff , or possibly… mm-mm, it’s nothing, in fact.]

Subaru: [What is it? Seems like it’d make me curious, so I’m curious now.]

Beatrice: [Merely thought it is not something worth scrutinizing for now, when there are so many problems on our plate, I suppose. Anyhow, that man used magic under the assumption that you would be caught in the crossfire, in fact. Betty’s impression of him has taken a nosedive, I suppose.]

Subaru: […Well, you really love me, so I guess that makes sense.]

Subaru’s innermost heart found itself interminably tangled at Beatrice’s rage, her cheeks puffed and eyebrows raised.

Of course, he did not intend to turn a blind eye to the attack that could have very well killed him. He did not, but this was the escape route discovered on the critical brink of life or death after being overwhelmed by Crusch. That gamble Tiga had made amidst such a high-risk situation was not something he could so arbitrarily repudiate.

Thereupon, the eyes with which Beatrice gazed upon Subaru turned a shade more strict.

Beatrice: [Subaru? Don’t say you’re…]

Subaru: [No, I’m not gonna turn a blind eye to it. I do plan on getting a proper apology out of him for the pain of these burns. I won’t concede on that no matter what. Isn’t it obvious?]

Beatrice: [――――]

Subaru: [Huh? Why are your eyes looking even more fed up? Even though I’m saying I’ll make him apologize!?]

At Beatrice’s firm gaze upon hearing his answer, Subaru’s discomfiture only deepened.

Mistakes had been made on both sides, and both simply perceived the other’s faults to be slightly greater. But still, Subaru had intended to come out with a fairly resolute attitude.

Furthermore――,

Subaru: [At the very least, I think that a large part of the friction between us and Tiga stems from a level of disconnect. If we can talk it out with him properly somewhere, we’ll be able to clear up those misunderstandings and――]

Crusch: [――Unfortunately, I do not intend to permit you to do that.]

Choosing his words carefully, Subaru attempted to somehow persuade Beatrice. However, the one to impose an intermission to Subaru’s words was not Beatrice, her brows creased, but Crusch, who had been walking ahead of them.

Guiding the way through the somber sewers by the glow of the Lagmite ore lamp, she took a clear stance of objecting to Subaru and Beatrice’s discussion―― explicitly demonstrating it in the form of pointing the tip of her unsheathed poniard towards Subaru.

Subaru: […C-Crusch-san?]

Crusch: [I shall not authorize any contact with Tiga Rauleon. Not only did I cross swords with him, but that man is one of the individuals spearheading our pursuers. If you were to heedlessly rendezvous with him, you would only be captured.]

Subaru: [That’s… but… with the position Tiga’s in, he’s kinda got no choice, or rather, the situation being what it is, you know…]

Crusch: [――――]

Subaru: [――――]

Locking with only Crusch’s amber right eye, her left concealed with an eyepatch, Subaru was at an incredible loss for his next words.

First the murders at the McMahon residence, and now her pointing her poniard at Subaru right here. ――Prudent caution was necessary to converse with Crusch as she was at this moment. Thus, if Subaru were to inadvertently provoke her with some incautious comment, this time he would surely stain her hand with his blood.

With that thought, their interlocked glares lasted momentarily――,

Crusch: […Much to my surprise, there blows no wind in attempt to beguile me.]

Declaring so, Crusch was first to lower her poniard.

Subaru widened his eyes with a “Huh?” at her words, but Crusch returned the poniard to the scabbard by her belt, and,

Crusch: [No wind of deceit blows around you. From the time of our encounter at Miklotov McMahon’s mansion, all the way until now. Thus, I had allowed Beatrice’s accompaniment.]

Subaru: [――. In the end… in the end, what is it that you want to do with us, Crusch-san?]

Subaru exchanged a short glance with Beatrice who was by his side, and asked this of Crusch firsthand.

The wind of deceit―― as the proprietor of the Divine Protection of Wind Reading, Crusch could detect the opponent’s thoughts and intentions as wind, functioning as a lie detector of sorts, as it were.

When Subaru had first met her, she had seen through all of the deceptions inside of him, compelling him to reckon with the realization of the immense depravity of his own nature. ――And now, it had become the basis for Crusch’s speech and deeds.

Her belief in Subaru, was likewise a fruit borne by the Divine Protection of Wind Reading.

Therefore, did that mean her act of slaying Miklotov, as well as the thirteen people at his mansion, was also an outcome of the Divine Protection of Wind Reading?

Subaru: [Tell me, Crusch-san. About us… no, first let’s talk about you, Crusch-san. What is it that you want to do, Crusch-san, that’s making you do all this now?]

Crusch: [――. What I want to do… no, what I must do no matter what cost, is to save this Kingdom of Lugunica from the hands of traitors. That would be my final deed in service to the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [Traitors… and… when you say this is the final…]

Crusch: [Will you avow that it is not so? Capitulating to the Witch Cult’s evil malice, I prostrated myself on a sick bed and squandered a long period of time in indolent remiss. On top of that, I arose gripping the hand of the Church of the Divine Dragon, completely contrary to what I touted as my pledge to the masses of annulling the Dragon’s rule, and you claim I yet have a prospect of victory?]

Subaru: [That’s… hk.]

Crusch: [A wind of understanding is blowing around you. ――You are a sincere man.]

Crusch cast her gaze down and engraved a self-deriding smile upon her lips.

Wearing a fragile smile, it must have been apparent to Crusch’s eye through her Divine Protection: unable to deny her words, nor conceive of any promising break in the deadlock, Subaru felt utterly powerless.

For that to be called his sincerity could not possibly inspire any delight in him either.

Beatrice: [Enough, in fact. Betty will no longer overlook the way you feign being a tragic heroine only to snarl at Subaru, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Beatrice…]

Beatrice: [Subaru, you’re also a handful, in fact. What are you doing by feeling so down for something you bear absolutely no responsibility for, I suppose? If this keeps up, you’ll be blaming yourself even for some kid who fell on the roadside just now, in fact. If that happens, you’ll be so busy that you’ll no longer have any time to dote on Betty, I suppose. Vehement objections to that, in fact.]

Placing her hands on her hips, Beatrice allowed an out-of-place anger to peek through. Realizing that this was her manner of consideration to diminish the issues between Subaru and Crusch, he let a sigh escape him.

Crusch, too, nodded with a “Correct” in a meek expression,

Crusch: [Just as you say, Beatrice, this is no place to be showing obstinacy over trivial reservations. The more time we yield to our opponents, the greater our disadvantage. Therefore, Natsuki Subaru, from you―― no, from you and Beatrice, I wish to ask for coaction.]

Subaru: […Coaction?]

Crusch: [That is correct. Presently, we are in the middle of a crisis with the survival of the nation on the line, brought about by the shadowy maneuvers of a multitude of traitors, infested down to the Kingdom’s very core. It is precisely in this situation, that I wish to borrow your strength―― you who once joined forces with my household and rendered monumental service in the White Whale Subjugation, Natsuki Subaru, it is your strength that I call on.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Returning the poinard to its scabbard, Crusch presented her vacant hand to him and expressed so, before whom Subaru unwittingly swallowed his breath, training a firm gaze directly upon her.

What surprised Subaru was not merely the requisition Crusch had vocalized. Of course, he was immensely astonished by her request too, but what came as an even greater shock was the way she retold the great battle she had once unfurled against the White Whale as something she had experienced for herself with certitude.

Greeting this, Subaru finally articulated the ceaseless inquiry that had sojourned in his chest since he happened upon Crusch at the McMahon residence, up until now.

That was――,

Subaru: [Tell me, just one thing. ――Did your Memories… return? Crusch-san.]

Crusch: [――. But of course. Do you sense the vestiges of that contemptible, enervated Crusch Karsten devoid of Memories in my present self? That inquiry alone is tantamount to an affront.]

Subaru: [――――]

As Crusch irrefutably asserted the restoration of her Memories, Subaru’s cheeks stiffened.

The burgeoning impact was something complicated, a blend of delight and indignation. The return of Crusch’s Memories, that alone was truly joyous to the bottom of his heart. However, to show such disparaging odium for the Crusch during the period she was bereft of her Memories was――.

Crusch: [A wind of displeasure. Do not tell me, you mean to endorse my self who was devoid of Memories?]

Subaru: [It’s not something so simple. Both now when you do have your Memories, and back when you didn’t have your Memories, both of you are Crusch-san for me.]

Crusch: [――No, you are wrong. It is inconceivable that the likes of a Crusch Karsten devoid of Memories, could ever be Crusch Karsten. That is why!]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Crusch: […That is why… even Ferris… turned his back on Crusch Karsten.]

Subaru: [Th――!]

Before a trembling, quivering Crusch, Subaru grated his molars and attempted to proclaim “That alone is wrong!”.

Not only in this moment, he had even conceived of an identical thought before they had started moving.

Crusch was misapprehending the meaning of the decision Ferris had undertaken, and the extent of his resolve.

Ferris had certainly reduced Crusch’s vow, the vow for the departed Royal Family, to scrap paper.

Having merely heard about it, Subaru could only imagine how important it must have been for Crusch. However, the same also held true for Ferris.

Ferris, too, loved the departed fourth prince. Yet, he had made this choice.

His love for the living, over his love for the dead. ――Subaru did not wish for that to be repudiated.

Much less, when it was a tragedy between two fellows such that, while facing off with sentiments going both ways, saw them failing to come to an understanding with each other due to a simple misunderstanding――.

Crusch: [――It seems, delaying the decision ends here.]

However, before Subaru could express his fiery passions, the situation did not permit him to resume.

The meaning behind Crusch’s murmur, as she eyed the depths of the sewers behind Subaru and Beatrice that they had passed through, was demystified by voices and footsteps audible from far back. ――Their pursuers.

The pursuers searching for Subaru, Beatrice, and Crusch, had formed a squad and descended to the sewers.

Subaru: [If we could just properly talk…]

Crusch: [I told you before. You are already seen as a conspirator with me. The sword you had robbed me of through your queer technique was left back at the scene as well. Compiling that with the gashes on the corpses, my involvement would be patently evident. To add to that.]

Subaru: [Add to that? What? Is there anything worse left to be said?]

Crusch: [Despite the fact that Tiga Rauleon, who knew of your intentions, was present, you have also been deemed as a party to Miklotov McMahon’s assasination. That man must have reported it as such.]

Subaru: [――――]

Crusch: [The rest is a choice that falls upon you two. If you believe I do not merit your faith, then you can seek refuge with the pursuers who will be arriving here later. ――Farewell.]

Stating what all she wished to say and transmitting that she bore no intention to move along with the conversation any further, Crusch turned her back towards them, before tossing the lamp into the sewage and breaking into a regal sprint.

As the faint glow of the light sinking into the bilewater slowly faded and obscured her back, the solitary notes of distancing footsteps pressed the choice upon Subaru as though a countdown.

To reject Crusch’s postulation, meet up with the soldiers pursuing Subaru and the others, fess up everything to them and seek refuge with them. Or, to chase after Crusch’s back, who melted into the black, travailing to fight against a large conspiracy all by herself; one of these two.

Subaru: [Shit! I want to believe you! I want to believe you, but does it even exist to begin with, that sorta conspiracy…!]

Her frame of mind was one where she had misunderstood Ferris’s true intent, and had turned her sword at Subaru with no vacillation. Taking into account her fits of emotions as well, Crusch’s temperament was in a state of instability.

The worst-case scenario would be one where Crusch, after slaying Miklotov and all things else, might go on a rampage without any justifiable righteousness after spiralling into a state of mind where all things appeared suspicious.

Under these circumstances, just what would be the correct thing to do――,

Beatrice: [Subaru, calm down and listen, I suppose. No matter what you choose, no matter who you ally with, Betty is Subaru’s ally and will always be by your side, in fact.]

Subaru: [Beako…]

Beatrice: [Hard pass on being apart like that time in the Empire, I suppose. Subaru must stay within Betty’s sights, or the throbbings and poundings of her heart become suffocating, in fact.]

Articulating so, Beatrice told Subaru, unable to discern the right answer, that regardless of what he chose, she would make it the right answer―― no, they would make it the right answer together.

His indecision cleared. That was right. It was exactly as Beatrice said.

Was it not Natsuki Subaru’s forte to fight and struggle in order to turn whatever choice he made into the right answer?

Subaru: [I can’t let Crusch-san go off alone. I’ll have you accompany me unto hell, Beatrice!]

Beatrice: [So long as it’s together with Subaru, Betty wouldn’t even mind being sealed for four hundred years, I suppose!]

Subaru: [I would definitely mind so could you please stop saying such scary stuff!]

Bantering so, Subaru held his reliable, beloved partner up in his arms and pursued after the fading footsteps, bursting into an energetic dash amidst the dim light.

No matter if it was right or wrong, he could not let Crusch go off alone.

No matter if he would stop her or assist her, he must not be apart from Crusch.

Subaru: [Ah, shit, my arm hurts~!]

The stinging ache of the burns on his arms pulsated as though chastising Subaru’s foolishness.

Continuing to harbor that, rather than lamenting his own situation that had so suddenly swallowed him up and driven him into a corner, Subaru was more concerned with how Emilia and everyone else would feel once they got wind of this.

He would cause them trouble, but the bitterness of causing concern for them outstripped the former.

For Emilia, for Rem, for Ram, for Petra, for Meili, for Garfiel, for everyone. Thus, whilst enduring the agony of his body and mind, Subaru earnestly focused his eyes amidst the dim light,

Subaru: [Please take care of it somehow, Otto!]

So, flinging this outpouring of a predicament onto his friend who was not present here, he dashed forth.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Concurrently, in the Royal Residence of the Royal Capital of Lugunica.

This day, for the Kingdom of Lugunica, and for the camp of the Royal Candidate Emilia, ought to have been a day that would set into motion events that bore a truly profound significance.

It was a golden opportunity that would enable them to extirpate the evil roots of misfortune that the Witch Cult had wrought upon the Watergate City of Pristella. Aided by the Church of the Divine Dragon, it would all come to fruition, and with Emilia and everyone else likewise in attendance for that moment, they would bear witness to the powerlessness of several months being terminated at long last―― or so, that had been the plan.

???: [――And yet, just what sort of situation do we have ourselves here?]

Having completed their preparations for departure, all that remained was to await the return of Subaru and Beatrice, who had ventured out from the residence on some business. Among the members of the camp who had been enjoying some tea time within the parlor until then, Otto Suwen questioned the sudden visitors in as composed a manner as he could.

With a horde of footsteps, gaudily marching into the Royal Residence was a group of royal soldiers, all of them equipped in official armor displaying their affiliation to the Kingdom―― due to the somewhat heavy air of urgency about them, Otto stepped in front to shield the women of the camp, Emilia included.

Of course, standing even further ahead than Otto,

???: [Ain’t that gettin’ a bit violent there? No matter how endearingly graceful Emilia-sama may be, that don’t mean y’all suddenly got permission to act all rudely.]

Otto: [Garfiel, no need to act so menacingly. These are guests. ――For now.]

Garfiel: [Ahh, I gotcha, Ottobro.]

Standing at the forefront of the camp, Garfiel gnashed his sharp fangs, becalming himself superficially, with Otto then creating an interval to have the other party divulge the reason for their visit.

As to reap rewards from solving a problem of their own making, by yielding a move to the other party, he was setting up the long game.

At minimum, were he to be able to ascertain their reasons――,

???: [――All of you, cease your threatening demeanors. Have you any idea just whom you are standing before?]

Soldiers: [――――]

The moment that deep voice was uttered, the royal soldiers who had spread out in formation throughout the parlor all straightened their backs in unison. Then, passing through the encirclement of upright soldiers, giving rise to loud, lumbering footsteps, was a man so great and so large that it was necessary to look up at him.

Armored from head to toe in the luster of steel blue, was a man possessing a face that was as a boulder come to life, the Commander of the Royal Guard of the Kingdom of Lugunica―― that was to say, the man who stood at the pinnacle of the Kingdom’s Knights, Marcos Gildark.

Emilia: [Marcos-san…]

Marcos: [For the abrupt visit, I offer a heartfelt apology, Emilia-sama.]

As Marcos stepped out to the front, Emilia blinked her amethyst eyes. In contrast to his brusque appearance, Marcos met her reaction with a bow that conformed to perfect etiquette.

Then, raising his visage, and while maintaining a careful watch over Emilia and all the members of her camp surrounding her, especially on Otto and Garfiel, who were regarding him with harsh gazes,

Marcos: [The purpose of this visit, Emilia-sama, is to request your attendance at the Royal Castle. There are doubts in urgent need of confirmation.]

Emilia: [So out of the blue, this is all quite surprising. Doubts? Just what in the world…]

Marcos: [――Regarding the background of your Knight, Natsuki Subaru.]

Emilia: [About Subaru?]

With perfect manners, and paying due respect, Marcos nevertheless displayed an uncompromising peremptory attitude. Upon hearing the doubts he mouthed, that they were doubts pertaining to Subaru, Emilia responded with words, while Otto, as well as everyone else, each reacted with their respective expressions and demeanors.

The fact that those reactions had birthed an interval for Marcos to follow up with his next words, was something Otto regretted.

After all, that which Marcos had declared, the doubts regarding Natsuki Subaru were――,

Marcos: [Knight Natsuki Subaru is under suspicion of bearing strong ties to the Witch Cult―― and of being something not so dissimilar to a Sin Archbishop.]

――They were the crossroads of whether or not Natsuki Subaru would be branded an enemy of the world.

--- Chapter 16: Foul Play ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [Subaru is――]

???: [――A Sin Archbishop?]

It was an absolutely incomprehensible suspicion.

Even when said aloud once again as if to confirm, it yet remained incomprehensible. Incomprehensible to an extent such that, were it meant to throw them off and nothing more, then he could only laugh at what a great success it had been.

However, the expression of the large man before him―― of the individual called Marcos, was far too austere to be able to laugh off that incomprehensible suspicion as a jest.

At the very least, for Garfiel, entrusted with the position of chief military officer of the camp, there was not even an iota of a choice to let down his guard before this man.

Garfiel: [――――]

Sniff , with a slight inhalation of his nose, Garfiel caught a whiff of the weighty tension enveloping the Royal Residence. ――What he sensed was a will to fight held in control, apprehension and distrust that shook emotions, and concealed behind that, feelings of fear that possessed an acrid and irritating scent.

Garfiel had come to know this feeling in the air, which he had most recently had the chance to smell on many occasions in the Vollachian Empire: an atmosphere like that of a warehouse jam-packed full of Fire Magic Stones approaching detonation.

In other words――,

Garfiel: [Ya wanna have a go with our amazin’ selves?]

Marcos: [――Does that mean you are denying our request?]

Garfiel: [Huh? You’re the ones who spat on us first, so don’tcha make a face actin’ like we’re the ones pickin’ a fight!]

???: [Wait. Don’t snap at him, Garfiel. Please.]

As his fangs gnashed in annoyance, Garfiel, who had been glaring up from below at Marcos, was restrained by those words coming from Emilia behind him.

Going so far as to append that “Please”, Garfiel had no choice but to withdraw his hostility. Adding a “Thank you” for his understanding, Emilia then raised her head resolutely.

Emilia: [I apologize for this one of ours. I was reaaally surprised, so I couldn’t find the words to speak, and he was just getting upset on my behalf.]

Marcos: [Then, are you just as angry as he is, Emilia-sama?]

Emilia: [That’s… yes, that’s right. After getting past my surprise over why you would say something so ridiculous, I’m feeling reaaally irritated. I think I might be about to get angry. But――]

Emilia cut off her words there, placing her hand upon her chest. She fiddled with the green Magic Crystal dangling there, as if doing so to arrange her thoughts via that hard sensation,

Emilia: [Losing my temper here won’t help Subaru’s situation. It’d just be me getting angry because I want to be angry. And I don’t think that would do any good.]

Marcos: [――. You looked me in the eye and told me so quite plainly.]

Emilia: […Marcos-san, we haven’t talked much since our last conversation. This is who I am now, just a tad stronger than I was before. That too, is thanks to Subaru.]

Marcos: [――――]

Faced with Emilia delivering an answer without being swept away by her emotions, yet also without allowing herself to be silenced, Marcos’s eyes narrowed as he made a face that seemed conflicted.

On the other hand, Garfiel felt the blood that had risen to his head slowly descend as he listened to Emilia speak. Still, his body did not relax, nor would he allow it to.

???: [To begin with, these so-called suspicions seem to be nothing but nonsensical. Natsuki-san being connected to the Witch Cult? At the level of a Sin Archbishop? It is hardly funny.]

???: [That’s right. Besides, just how many problems caused by the Witch Cult have been resolved by Subaru-sama. In particular, he even defeated a Sin Archbishop, saving me and everyone else in the village, and yet… Please don’t say such strange things.]

Otto and Petra provided support, and Garfiel also agreed with a “Yeah, yeah”.

The Sin Archbishops of Sloth, Greed, and even Gluttony, all had been slain or otherwise captured in battles led by Subaru, dealing major blows to the Witch Cult. Adding on to that, Subaru had contributed in great part to the subjugation of both the White Whale and the Great Rabbit of the Three Great Witchbeasts.

This made something like Subaru being with the Witch Cult seem far too absurd a tale.

Garfiel: [Surely y’ain’t tryin’ to say they got in a big scuffle as allies. Even if my amazin’ self and Ottobro got in a fight, ain’t no way I’d beat Ottobro to a pulp. We ain’t gonna get in no fight in the first place tho’.]

???: [While I’m unsure whether that anecdote about Garf and Otto-san is relevant, I do think such doubts are reasonable… And I can’t imagine that person is someone capable of bearing such malicious intentions.]

???: [I know, ri~ght. Onii-san certainly seems to want to take on lots of bothersome ta~sks, but I think the number one reason he does so is because he doesn’t think about i~t.]

Adding in the zinger from Rem, plus Meili who followed up, the opinions of the camp were in accordance with Garfiel: it was the consensus of their side centered around Emilia.

In response, Marcos, without even the slightest tremor upon that stony expression of his,

Marcos: [I acknowledge the tremendous trust that every member of your camp has placed in Knight Natsuki Subaru. That aside, I must request that Emilia-sama return to the Castle once more.]

Emilia: [Should I tell the people at the Castle what I just told you?]

Marcos: [In addition to that, please answer our inquiries honestly. Out of consideration, I would like to impart upon you that the best means to dispelling the suspicions is to cooperate in any way you can in clearing them up.]

Emilia: [――――]

Rem: [――Excuse me, could I ask something?]

In response to Marcos repeating himself, making the same request he had at the outset, Emilia lowered her amethyst eyes in rumination; and there, Rem cut in.

While maintaining a relentless vigilance towards the surrounding soldiers of the Kingdom, just like Garfiel, she made an inquiry.

It was――,

Rem: [Is it okay… that the one most important in all of this… that Natsuki Subaru is not with us?]

――In an instant, the atmosphere surrounding the soldiers of the Kingdom changed completely at that question.

Soldiers: [――――]

The emotions directed by those surrounding them turned pointed, and Garfiel’s hair stood on end.

Although no swords had physically been drawn, the domineering gazes of the soldiers upon the parlor of the Royal Residence still felt identical to staring down swords pointed at them. It had been a ripple of emotions, akin to water’s surface remaining undisturbed just barely until it was trampled upon, leaving lingering undulations.

It was an explosive situation, in which even a single drop was liable to become the impetus for the bubble to pop――,

Marcos: [――Calm yourselves.]

The turbulent emotions of the soldiers, by only a single phrase―― nay, by a single phrase accompanied by an intense aura of swordsmanship, were swept away with a single explosion, compelling the ripples to yield by brute force.

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

Suddenly experiencing a hallucination like that of being struck by a colossal, mountain-like palm, was Garfiel. Every pore on his body opening due to the momentary sensation, he was forced into utilizing his rationality to suppress his instinct to activate his beast transformation.

At the extraordinary power possessed by the source of that vast aura of swordsmanship, beyond compare to that which had been directed at him by the soldiers of the Kingdom just before, shivers ran through Garfiel’s instincts.

Marcos: [The soldiers were terribly discourteous. ――To your military officer, I apologize once more for my impoliteness.]

Garfiel: [――Ah? Just to my amazin’ self?]

Marcos: [I had intended to focus it just on the soldiers, but I hit you as well. I can see you have forged yourself quite considerably.]

Meeting eyes with Marcos, Garfiel noticed that the rest of his comrades were frowning, wearing faces conveying their obliviousness to the aura he had felt just prior.

It seemed to be just as Marcos had said, that the only ones who had perceived it really had been Garfiel and the original target, the soldiers, and none else. ――Garfiel came to a realization anew.

Marcos Gildark―― hiding in the shadows of the exceptionality of Sword Saint Reinhard van Astrea, he was the apex of the Knights of the Kingdom of Lugunica, his true power no veneer.

Emilia: [Your reactions just now seemed reaaally strange. Can you answer Rem’s question? Subaru and Beatrice, what are they up to?]

Ignoring Garfiel, whose twin emerald eyes harbored dismay and caution, Marcos’s face further darkened as Emilia narrowed her eyes pensively.

Marcos: [――. Emilia-sama, what do you know regarding the movements of Knight Natsuki Subaru?]

Emilia: [Today, he’s gone out due to a meeting with Miklotov-san. He went alone… Rather, Beatrice went as well, making it the two of them, but since he had an appointment to talk――]

Marcos: [――Sir Miklotov McMahon has passed away.]

Emilia: [Huh?]

The report which had interrupted Emilia’s speech possessed a far greater impact than merely rebuking her for the bluntness of her words, cutting through the atmosphere of the parlor.

Naturally, Garfiel knew Miklotov McMahon’s name.

Not only had Subaru and Beatrice gone to meet him, but he was also a famous individual involved in the Royal Selection. Being that he was a central figure of the Council of Wise Men, it was impossible to not be surprised when hearing of his demise.

However, the real shock resulted from the words that came after.

Toward Garfiel and the rest, whose confusion had yet to subside, Marcos pressed his onslaught further.

He said――,

Marcos: [Presently, the Kingdom is pursuing the whereabouts of Knight Natsuki Subaru, as well as the Royal Candidate, Duchess Crusch Karsten, under suspicion of conspiracy and involvement in the death of Sir McMahon.]

Emilia: [Wait! What do you mean? Subaru and Crusch-san? Involved in Miklotov-san’s death?]

Marcos: [The sword wound upon Sir McMahon’s remains recovered from the scene of the crime were in accord with a comparison to a Knight’s sword bearing the crest of House Karsten. There was also a report that Sir McMahon fell by the hand of Duchess Karsten, and Knight Natsuki Subaru assisted in her escape.]

Garfiel: [Wha… Hk.]

At the violence in that report, enumerated in an orderly fashion, Garfiel experienced vertigo for an instant.

Not only had this important individual named Miklotov been murdered, the perpetrator had been Crusch, with Subaru’s assistance―― he could only feel that it was far too absurd a false accusation.

Garfiel: [That Duchess-san… Hk.]

Setting aside the ridiculous suspicions upon Subaru, Garfiel could not find it credible, suspecting Crusch of turning to such heinous violence.

The only time Garfiel and Crusch had interacted with each other was for but a mere day and a half in the Watergate City. However, they were comrades who had stood shoulder-to-shoulder in that battle, fighting together against the Witch Cult to save the city.

He knew that she was someone who truly could wield a sword in order to save another, and he had wholeheartedly wanted to do something about the price she had paid for it.

Garfiel had not been a personal witness to Crusch’s body being restored by the power of the so-called Sacrament of the Church of the Divine Dragon, but regardless of the various circumstances surrounding the Royal Selection, upon hearing of that happening, he had simply felt relief.

――That Crusch had turned to violence, and Subaru had assisted in it? Such foolishness.

Otto: [――Allow me to confirm. By saying you are pursuing their whereabouts, does this mean that Natsuki-san and Crusch-sama are currently at large?]

Abruptly, a question flew out that attempted to appropriately verify the present situation, in a voice stifled of emotion. Needless to say, the one to do so was Otto, the foundation of wisdom within the camp.

Trying to subdue her discomposure, Emilia turned her amethyst eyes toward Otto.

Emilia: [Otto-kun…]

Otto: [It is important. The reason why the Commander of the Knights went out of his way to pay a visit here is probably less an indication of respect toward Emilia-sama, and more out of caution.]

Rem: [By caution, you mean they think Emilia-san or one of us will go on a rampage?]

Otto: [Likely, that is not entirely out of the question, but the primary cause for concern would be us meeting up. This detachment is here out of precaution, in case they were to join us and we sheltered them. Am I incorrect?]

Marcos: [――Since giving an explanation of the intent behind this deployment is a matter of military secrecy, I am unable to provide you with an answer.]

Otto: [I see. Not denying it is more than enough.]

As Garfiel tried to knead the fury and agitation churning within himself and transform it into something harmless, he could only feel reassurance from Otto, who nodded in agreement with Marcos’s answer.

In times such as these, he was earnestly glad Otto was present.

Because he could trust Otto to skillfully sort out the game board, even one as intricate and full of many tangled motives as this, and pass along the necessary information, Garfiel could devote himself to his role as a shield.

Here too, Garfiel decided to stick to that trust, without being misled by superfluous emotions.

Rem: [The passing of the individual you call Sir McMahon and the suspicions that that person may be a member of the Witch Cult… They seem to be related, and yet at the same time, not. So then, regarding what you want to hear from Emilia-san, say what you like, but…]

Marcos: [I have already told you, the best means to resolve these suspicions is to answer our questions at the Royal Castle. If you refuse to do so, we would have no choice but to take that as Emilia-sama and her camp abandoning their accountability regarding the suspicions against Knight Natsuki Subaru.]

Petra: [Is that not coercion, ignoring Emilia-neesama’s intentions and such?]

Marcos: [It is not coercion. That said, if you will not answer questions, then suspicions will remain suspicions, and the Kingdom will merely determine its stance toward Knight Natsuki Subaru.]

Everyone: [――――]

His low voice still bereft of emotion, Marcos continued to make the same unchanging request.

Whether one pushed or pulled, it was impossible to move him, he who stood stalwart as if truly a mountain.

Just as the air of such impatience was beginning to proliferate on both sides――,

Emilia: [――I understand. I will go to the Castle. Let me speak about Subaru there.]

Marcos: [A prudent judgment.]

Petra: […In that case, I will prepare immediately.]

Disliking the stagnation and the coming collapse of the situation, Emilia decided to comply with the request, yielding a nod from Marcos. With animosity toward that demeanor in her eyes, Petra tried to take action in preparing to go to the Castle.

However, with a “No”, Otto stopped Petra. While he narrowed his eyes, after nodding at the wide-eyed Petra,

Otto: [We must carefully choose who to accompany her to the Castle… Is that right?]

Marcos: [You have keen insight. Straight to the point.]

Emilia: […What do you mean?]

The gazes of Otto and Marcos collided, prompting Emilia to raise her well-shaped eyebrows. In response to Emilia’s question, Marcos, maintaining the straightness of his tall spine,

Marcos: [Emilia-sama will be attending the Castle, but everyone from your camp accompanying her would not be acceptable. The apprehensions befalling Knight Natsuki Subaru at the current time could very well extend to the entirety of Emilia-sama’s camp. In order to maintain the independence of testimony, we would like to ask you to restrict it to one attendant to care for personal affairs.]

Emilia: [Only one attendant…!?]

Marcos: [We apologize for the inconvenience, however, I beseech you cooperate.]

Possibly anticipating their surprise, Marcos’s demeanor remained unshakable.

Garfiel glanced at Otto, surmising that the latter had also expected this reply from the slight frown upon the face of the one he considered his older brother. The issue was that though predicted, it yet remained undoubtedly a serious blow to the camp.

Garfiel: [At the very least, my amazin’ self can…]

Marcos: [I would not recommend that. I understand your desire to act as a guard as a military officer, however, you are more than capable of serving as an immediate asset in battle. If Emilia-sama, in the midst of a maelstrom of suspicions surrounding her, were to visit the Castle accompanied by a military asset, it would not be for the purpose of an explanation, but rather as a show of force.]

Garfiel: [That’s a baseless accusation…]

Marcos: [I am saying that there are those who would take it that way.]

Stringing words together, the other party in the conversation continued to suppress Garfiel’s intentions. He wished to evade it somehow, but since even Otto had not interjected, it meant his argument was sound.

However――,

Garfiel: [If we’re talkin’ attendants…]

With the current state of their camp, the only two options that came to mind were Petra and Rem. Had Frederica been present, the best option would have probably been to leave it to her, his elder sister, but that was asking for the impossible now.

It was difficult to entrust Emilia to Rem when the latter’s Memories had yet to return, and although Petra was quick-witted, to leave her to a situation of this level brought him anxiety.

Just what in the world would be the best thing to do? ――Upon that thought of his, it happened.

???: [――Then it is settled. Ram shall go with Emilia-sama.]

Garfiel: [――Hk, Ram!?]

Saying this, Garfiel’s eyes widened as he saw Ram appear at the entrance to the parlor.

Having changed into her familiar maid outfit and possessing her usual strong-willed expression, Ram appeared, causing not only Garfiel, but also Emilia and everyone else to be unable to hide their surprise.

After all, Ram had been purportedly resting, her state that of being practically bedridden due to the heavy workload she’d had, starting with the trip to the Pleiades Watchtower. She was not supposed to join them on their planned trip to Pristella, and would instead wait for the return of Garfiel and the others in the Royal Capital.

She had risen to her feet and stood beside Emilia, looking shockingly dignified. Without pause, Ram lifted the hem of her skirt and curtsied before speechless eyes.

Ram: [Apologies for the tardiness. On account of Ram’s duty to check the softness of the beds, there was a delay in noticing the arrival of our esteemed guests.]

Emilia: […Is the feel of the beds okay now?]

Ram: [Indeed. It’s around a passing grade.]

Slightly shrugging her shoulders, Ram responded as such, lacking a hint of fatigue upon her countenance. However, it was plain to see that she was simply skilled at regularly hiding her burdens, and had not truly recovered.

Since the exchange just now with Emilia had also reworded Ram’s physical condition as the condition of the beds, there certainly was some apprehension remaining.

And yet――,

Rem: [Nee-sama…]

Ram: [Rem, the group of leftovers is entrusted to you. All of them would not last without the cute and capable Ram and Rem sisters. Only Petra is somewhat better than the rest.]

Rem: [――Yes, I understand.]

At the words of Ram, who naturally decided to take on that role, Rem managed to grasp her elder sister’s worry and apprehension, and while attempting to stifle tears from arising in her pale-blue eyes, she nodded.

During that exchange, Garfiel glanced over at Otto. To some degree, the act could be construed as a unilateral decision from Ram, but Otto’s judgment――,

Otto: [I agree, I believe Ram-san is suitable. Can we entrust Emilia-sama to you?]

Ram: [Those words are needless. You are the one who needs to shape up, Otto. You too Garf, do your best at being put to work.]

Garfiel: […Ain’t no need to tell me that.]

Emilia and Rem, as well as Otto, all respected Ram’s judgment, and treating those words from her as being entrusted to them, they responded resolutely, yet Garfiel’s voice was stained with weakness.

Of that, Garfiel was ashamed, but as Ram narrowed her light-crimson eyes,

Ram: [Truly a fool.]

And like so, she pushed away Garfiel’s weakness with a sweet strictness.

Emilia: [――Everyone, we’re heading out. I’ll clear up these misunderstandings about Subaru real good, and explain things so that everyone will understand.]

And like that, once it became unanimous amongst the camp that Ram would accompany her as an attendant, Emilia, having gathered her resolve to visit the Castle, proclaimed thus, gazing upon the faces of Garfiel and everyone else.

In all honesty, the situation was utterly unparalleled in absurdity.

With such an atmosphere about, it was not a good omen that they were taking blows without getting any of their own in. If this were a fist fight, allowing one’s opponent to do as they pleased meant immediate defeat.

In order to avoid such defeat, they had to figure out their opponent’s designs, put a stop to those, and inversely, respond in kind by doing what they themselves wanted to do.

Emilia: [It’s the same as always, but please let me borrow the strength of all of you. Please, I beg you.]

Saying so, Emilia bowed deeply, requesting this of the comrades in her camp.

Despite being leader of their camp, a Royal Candidate, and holding a proper, laudable status, she could bow her head without hesitation and depend upon the strength of another regardless of that.

That reason itself was why Garfiel―― no, why all her comrades in her camp wished to devote themselves to helping Emilia and Subaru.

Therefore――,

Garfiel: [Yeah! Of course! Don’tcha worry yerself, Emilia-sama!]

At the very least, so as to dispel the anxieties of Emilia and Ram, who were now headed to the Castle, Garfiel intentionally used a rousing voice and hoisted his fist in the air.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Thus, the group sent off Emilia as she was escorted to the Royal Castle by Marcos and his men, taking Ram as her solitary attendant.

Otto: [Everyone, please pack your belongings, preferably the bare essentials will do. ――We leave in five minutes.]

With that, Otto hastily broke the ice facing everyone left behind at the Royal Residence.

After the soldiers left behind to guard the residence cleared out of the parlor, the immediate declaration to those of them left in the parlor, wishing to discuss matters privately amongst the members of the camp, caused Garfiel to unwittingly peel his eyes.

Garfiel: [Five minutes ya say, we ain’t waitin’ for Emilia-sama?]

Otto: [Indeed. The situation leaves no possibility of deferment. That goes for both the suspicions cast on Natsuki-san, and their stringent disposition of urging Emilia-sama’s attendance to the Castle… their purpose is obvious.]

Petra: [――That would be, to eliminate her from the Royal Selection, right?]

Otto: [Almost certainly.]

Otto responded to both Garfiel’s doubt and Petra’s words, conceiving an astuteness in his normally soft features, hoisting a finger up with a “Please listen”,

Otto: [The timing of it all aligns far too perfectly. On the very day Natsuki-san had a summon from Sir McMahon, there’s an assassination that embroils him… and for the perpetrator to be Crusch-sama, a Royal Candidate, larger forces are at work here.]

Rem: [To eliminate Emilia-san and the other party altogether from the board… so what you’re saying is that that person got used for that purpose, correct?]

Otto: [From the information currently at hand, we have no choice but to surmise so. As for Crusch-sama, the very moment she received a hand from the Church of the Divine Dragon, her continuation in the Royal Selection ought to have become difficult, but…]

???: [He~y, I get that you have a lot of things to go on and on about, but we don’t have much time on our hands, do we~? Won’t it be bad if that Rock-san comes ba~ck?]

Interposing with her words, it was Meili who called a halt on the conversation that was on the verge of dragging on.

Fidding with her three-strand braid, a word she had spoken had caused the tiny Crimson Scorpion perched atop her head to snip its pincers―― “Rock-san”, perhaps referred to Marcos.

She was correct that Marcos was presently escorting Emilia and headed to the Royal Castle, therefore absent from here. At present, the Royal Residence was surrounded by the Kingdom’s soldiers with orders to stand by, the fact of the matter being that Garfiel and the others had acquiesced to having house arrest imposed upon them, however――,

Otto: [There will be nothing we can do if we acquiesce to them. We move before Marcos-san comes.]

Rem: […We are going to search for that person, correct?]

Otto: [Natsuki-san and Crusch-sama alike. Until we learn what befell those two and what they witnessed at the mansion of Sir McMahon, nothing will progress.]

Rem: [Will it be alright? To rely on that person.]

Otto: [Even if Natsuki-san is no good, Beatrice-chan is alongside him. The child accompanying him is far too reliable compared to the man himself, after all.]

A tiny grin peeking through his lips, Otto smiled at Rem in order to assure her. The ends of her eyebrows lowered, while she might not have felt relief in the depths of her heart, Rem accepted his solicitude.

And, as everyone progressively smashed their own apprehensions, Garfiel slapped his cheeks with both of his palms,

Garfiel: [Got it. My amazin’ self’s made up his mind! Ottobro, even if our amazin’ selves ain’t here, Emilia-sama ‘n Ram’ll be…]

Otto: [Free from danger, I am sure. They will not be allowed to inflict any harm upon Emilia-sama, a Royal Candidate, by throwing all sorts of legal procedures out of the window. They will likely observe those rules. Either way, from the point they summoned Emilia-sama to the Castle, the only aim the other party could possibly have is to detain her.]

Garfiel: [Tch, aight! Then my amazin’ self’ll knock out all the guards, ‘n in the meanwhile――]

Otto: [――It cannot proceed that way.]

Garfiel: [Hah?]

Cracking his knuckles, Garfiel augmented his fervor, only for Otto to shake his head before him.

Garfiel widened his eyes, stunned by the dampening of his ardor, as Otto stared at him with an austere expression,

Otto: [The guards are only here on orders, and are not our enemies. I would like to avoid wounding them. The ideal would be to not let them even draw their swords. What we ought to do is escape in order to prove our innocence, not to wage war.]

Rem: [If we cause casualties, Emilia-sama’s and Nee-sama’s… and that person’s standing will worsen.]

Otto: [Precisely.]

As Otto adjusted the brim of his hat, Garfiel grated his molars at him.

He understood. He understood the reasoning. He understood the reasoning, but Garfiel could not envision what followed from that. Of course, should Marcos return, they would never be able to safely escape from the Royal Residence.

But, at the very least, at this moment they would be able to escape through sheer force. If even that were to be sealed off, then what in the world could they possibly――,

Otto: [I’ll have the bugs and birds listen in on the guards to learn where they’re short in numbers. I could ask them to distract the guards as well. It still is not a certainty, but…]

Petra: [――If that’s the case, then I have an idea.]

Rem: [Really, Petra-san?]

Otto proposed his usual expedients through the use of his Divine Protection, and then did Petra raise up her hand, prompting Rem to widen her eyes and pose such an inquiry.

Receiving it, Petra responded with a “Yes”, balling her tiny hands into fists,

Petra: [I’m really angry right now. About Subaru being suspected, about Emilia-neesama being scrutinized, and about Ram-neesama being forced to overdo herself. That’s why, I’ll absolutely never do as the other side says.]

Garfiel: [That’s scary reliable… but what’dya plan on doin’?]

Petra: [Of course, I have a plan up my sleeve. It’s Otto-san’s specialty.]

Otto: [My specialty…?]

His name was incisively called, but Otto tilted his head with an expression lacking even the faintest clue. On the other hand, Petra’s cheeks dyed red in excitement, appearing to be brimming in confidence for her plan.

Meili: [Petra-chan, what exactly are you planni~ng?]

Petra: [Meili-chan, Garf-san, you both know this too. Listen――]

Beckoning them closer, Petra had everyone draw their faces near, as she stoutly expounded on the particularities of the plan she had up her sleeve.

It was――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [It’s a fire――!!]

There rose the alarmed voices of royal soldiers, a panic blazing throughout the Royal Residence.

That which they had sighted, was dense smoke flooding out from the kitchen with tremendous vigor. Faced with the large quantity of smoke spewing forth, accompanied by heat and the acrid smell of burning, many of the courageous soldiers moved to take action immediately.

Charging into the kitchen to ascertain the source of the fire, they made haste to pinpoint the cause of the smoke. Moving to put out the fire, their goal was to extinguish both the flames and the panic at once, depending on the situation.

However――,

???: [The fire started under the floorboards, and the origin of the smoke is the blocked off chimney… extinguishing it won’t be easy.]

With those words, the one to propose the fire alarm strategy and devise the plan in detail, Petra, deepened her smile as she listened to the panic unfold exactly as she had intended.

It was a smile that would generally be described as sweet, but seeing it up close, Garfiel could not help but feel chilled to the bone for some reason.

In any case――,

???: [Though, I just cannot quite accept that you consider burning down buildings to be my specialty!]

Regardless of Otto’s complaints, the fire alarm strategy had been a brilliant success.

In order to prevent harm from befalling the important facility that was the Royal Residence, as well as the relevant parties placed under house arrest within, the royal soldiers pursued swift countermeasures against the smoke, diverting their attention away from the movements of Garfiel and the others.

In the meantime――,

Garfiel: [Sorry ‘bout this, but go ‘n take a lil’ nap, will ya!]

Rem: [I’m sorry. I bear you no grudges… aside from the matter with Nee-sama.]

???: [――Hk.]

Garfiel and Rem each took on one of the two soldiers who had been kept stationed on guard duty at the back door as a minimum precaution, choking them unconscious to secure a path. They would allow no weapons to be drawn. Satisfying the conditions Otto had set beforehand, Garfiel exchanged glances with Rem, before they shared in a nod.

Then, with Otto, Petra, and Meili in tow, they made their way out of the building.

Meili: [Though if you wanted to cause a rucku~s, I could have taken care of it with my Witchbeast-chans in any number of wa~ys.]

Petra: [That alone is an absolute no-go. If Meili-chan were to call her Witchbeasts here and have them run wild, it would only bolster the rumors about us. That Subaru is a Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult, that Emilia-sama has ties to the Witch of Envy, that Meili-chan rampages with Witchbeasts, and that Otto-san burns down every building he sees…]

Otto: [As for that last one, though this was the case previously at the mansion too, I have the rebuttal that it was not solely my fault, since Petra-chan was right there alongside me!]

Meili: [Setting Otto-oniisan’s disposition aside, I understa~nd.]

With her skirt fluttering in the wind as she dashed with pitter-pattering steps, Meili gave a shrug of her shoulders.

That being said, despite her airy attitude, Garfiel believed that her words just now were probably just Meili’s own way of expressing her frustrations.

Meili possessed strength. However, were she to wield it, it would also end up jeopardizing the very people she wished to protect, a double-edged sword of sorts―― the existence of a blade she could not swing, was eating at her with a sense of vexation.

Garfiel: [Don’t’cha worry. For whatever you’re lackin’, my amazin’ self’ll work even harder.]

Running alongside Meili, Garfiel reached over and patted her head. As soon as he did, Meili shot him a glare of reluctance, to which Garfiel responded with a gnashing of his fangs.

Garfiel: [With Ottobro’s ears, and my amazin’ self’s nose, we’ll manage to track down where Captain is one way or another. ‘Til then, that’s right… cheerin’, we need cheerin’! How ‘bout ya cheer us on!]

Meili: [Cheering… like, do your be~st?]

Garfiel: [Exactly. Fact is, ‘s actually really damn empowerin’ ta be cheered on.]

Meili wore a look of skepticism, but for Garfiel, that was a sensation he knew well.

To be specific, in Pristella, the very place they were supposed to be headed, the only reason Garfiel had been able to trade blows against the corpse soldier-turned Eight-Arms Kurgan, as desperate as the battle had been, was thanks to the cheers of his little brother and sister present there―― that, and those of the citizens filled with hope, uplifted by the speech given by Subaru.

Indeed, that was so. Garfiel had emerged victorious there due to the power of those cheers. And, the willpower that had allowed them to cheer, had emerged due to none other than Subaru having roused the people’s spirits.

It had been the result of Natsuki Subaru wielding hope to paint over the despair laid out by the Witch Cult.

Garfiel: [Ain’t no fuckin’ way Captain’s a Sin Archbishop…!!]

Feeling as though the figure of the one he so respected was being tarnished by a notion too ludicrous to even suspect, Garfiel was truly, oh so truly infuriated.

It was not only Pristella. From the Sanctuary, where Garfiel had lived together with his grandmother and the others, to Petra’s home of Arlam Village, which had been saved from the Witch Cult, to all the people who had participated in the Subjugation of the White Whale alongside Subaru: there were a great number of people who knew the innate goodness of Natsuki Subaru.

――And among them, the one who most firmly believed in Subaru was none other than Emilia.

From what Otto had said, the summons for Emilia to the Castle had the objective of detaining her from the very start, with the hearing to clear up the suspicions surrounding Subaru being nothing more than a pretext.

And yet, supposing the other party truly did have the intention of trying to clear up the doubts regarding Subaru, nobody could pour the entirety of their soul into their words for it quite like Emilia would.

Garfiel: [Fuckin’ shit.]

Frustrating. Frustrating. Just plain frustrating. Frustrating and frustrating, the frustration was unending.

Had Subaru not done his best? Wishing to stand by the one he had fallen for, Emilia, wishing to protect the hearts of everyone together with him, had he not earnestly and fervently tried his very best?

And yet, why would they not listen to the voices who knew of Subaru’s efforts?

If they had just granted them that opportunity, it would have been made clear.

――The fact that Natsuki Subaru would always struggle endlessly onward in the attempt to make his own outrageous ideals come true, that he was the greatest, coolest big brother figure Garfiel could ever be proud to have.

Meili: [Garf-oniisan…]

Garfiel: [――Hk, ‘s nothin’! “Kurgan felled his foes even if it meant losing his arms”, ya know! My amazin’ self can’t keep bein’ so hesitant either!]

He had intended on cheering up Meili, but instead had just ended up getting choked up himself, so clearing those sentiments away with a spirited voice and a gnash of his fangs, Garfiel looked straight ahead.

Observing his state, Meili narrowed her eyes slightly,

Meili: [Truly, you really are all Subaru-oniisan and Emilia-oneesan’s companions, aren’t yo~u?]

And, she muttered words that resonated as naught but praise to Garfiel.

Rem: [――Otto-san, what is the plan from here?]

Leaving Garfiel and Meili to their exchange, Rem pulled up alongside Otto at the front as they ran forward, and posed him that question.

In response, Otto guided the group forward, saying, “This way”,

Otto: [For now, I wish to lay low so that our trail cannot be pursued. It will not be long before our escape is discovered. We need to leave the Noble District immediately, and for that purpose, I am relying on their help.]

Rem: [――. ――――. I see.]

Selecting small alleys and routes with cover, Otto led the way after fleeing from the Royal Residence. Ahead of Otto’s gaze, those familiar insects were sneakily scurrying once more.

Hearing that they were relying on such creatures, Rem paused before uttering words of acceptance. In the past, Garfiel had also gone through a bitter experience because of them, so regarding Otto, who did business with these insects―― primarily Zodda bugs, he had some quite unpleasant memories.

But then again, as allies, there were no people, nor insects, more reliable than these.

Otto: [If we get caught at a checkpoint, we are out . And so―― Garfiel!]

Garfiel: [Gotcha! The two of ya, hang on tight!]

Petra: [Kyaa――!]

At Otto’s call, Garfiel scooped up Petra and Meili from beside him, and tucking one under each arm, he kicked off the wall in front of him―― the sturdy bulwark that separated the Royal Capital’s Noble District from the Commoner District, and vaulted over to the other side.

It was a wall meant to serve a vital role in the security of the Royal Capital, but with Garfiel’s leg strength, clearing it was a walk in the park.

Garfiel: [Keep waitin’ here for a sec. I gotta go get Ottobro ‘n Rem as well.]

Petra: [I understand the hurry, but… Garf-san, you can’t just snatch up girls all of a sudden like that. You really gave me a fright just now.]

Garfiel: [Ahhn? Why’re ya worried ‘bout such dumb―― quit it with the scary eyes! Fine, I get it!]

With it seeming like quite a big deal to her, Garfiel felt a sense of dread from Petra’s icy glare, and apologized. Then, with a running start, staring upwards in preparation to cross over the wall once more――,

Rem: [――My apologies. We crossed it without your help, Garf.]

Saying that, Rem dropped down right in front of him, to which Garfiel’s eyes widened. Part of that was at the fact that she had managed to surmount this wall, but what came as an even greater shock was,

Meili: [Otto-oniisan, you actually managed not to screa~m.]

Otto: [It came dangerously close to that, though… Rem-san, please let me down. Natsuki-san would murder me, after all.]

Rem: [Hah? Why is that person’s name coming up all of a sudden? I haven’t the slightest idea what you mean.]

Otto: [Although, that’s exactly the kind of thing someone who does know would say!]

Being glared at by Rem as she carried him in her arms, Otto raised such a scream. Once she finally set him down onto the ground, Petra and Meili began to tease him. Looking over that, Garfiel heaved a deep sigh, before suppressing the surge of emotions that he felt moments before.

Beyond any doubt, the situation was bad. Perhaps, it was even worse than when they had been caught up in the Empire’s civil war.

But, Subaru was surely safe together with Beatrice. Emilia, too, would be acting to the best of her ability without being reckless thanks to Ram being with her. And, the ones present here, Otto, Rem, Petra, and Meili, were all dependable. ――He, would support them.

The situation, was bad. But, he could still smile. And so long as they could still smile, it meant they were not truly backed up against the wall just yet.

Garfiel: [Ottobro, my amazin’ self’ll carry ya next time we hafta jump.]

Otto: [Yes, I would be happy to hold you to that.]

Garfiel: [Gotcha. So, where to from here? Ya said somethin’ ‘bout hidin’ for a bit, but…]

Otto: [Indeed. For the time being, I will lead us somewhere without many pe――]

Shaking his head side to side, Otto, who had been surveying the surrounding area, cut his words off there. Blinking his eyes, his gaze darted frantically between all of the buildings and covers nearby the bulwark.

Smelling an unconceivable fretfulness therein,

Garfiel: [Ottobro?]

Otto: [――Gone.]

Garfiel: [Ottobro? What’dya mean gone…]

Otto: [The Zodda bugs. No, not just the Zodda bugs. Even outside the Zoddas, all the insects that had been guiding us until now, they are all gone… do not tell me!]

His eyes wide with realization, Otto turned not towards cover, but back around towards Garfiel and everyone else.

His expression was tense, and as his voice was scorched with rising panic, he grabbed Garfiel by the arm.

And then――,

Otto: [I messed up! I do not know how, but… the insects deceived me!]

Petra: [The insects deceived… Otto-san? Is that even…]

Otto: [It is possible! We were lured here! If this continues, there will be no escape! We need to get out of here as soon as――]

With the safety he had taken for granted being utterly violated, Otto was in a state of utter disbelief, yet he raised the utmost worst-case scenario to his allies.

Hearkening that, Garfiel’s mind on the brink of dumbfoundment was roused into motion, and immediately prepared to move in accordance with Otto’s command――,

???: [――That will be as far as you go.]

――It was precisely at that moment, that the worst possible pursuer finally caught up to them.

--- Chapter 17: To Ashes ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Not good.

Having accompanied Emilia and ascended to the Royal Castle, that was Ram’s brief summation of the current situation.

First of all, Ram’s condition was not good.

As far as she could remember, her current condition was the worst it had been within the past year.

Even under normal conditions, the times when her body was in truly good condition were few and far between, but by keeping a tight hold on her willpower each and every day, she had forcibly anchored her base status in order to preserve her performance. ――And only recently had she allowed herself a gap to slacken those threads.

Ram: [Returning to the mansion for a spell was a mistake.]

With the sisters having reunited in the Empire, she had escorted the awakened Rem back home to the mansion as quickly as possible. She had gotten overeager for the potential result of doing so, thinking that it would perhaps lead to a clue to returning her Memories.

Thanks to that, she had been able to lay eyes upon the long-awaited figure of Rem dressed in the maid outfit of the Roswaal manor, which instead had caused Ram’s willpower to slacken. The corollary of that, was the current predicament.

In a situation where the camp all needed to come together in order to combat the baffling suspicions that had been cast upon Subaru, she ended up needing to expose herself in a far from perfect state.

Ram: [――――]

Silently walking down the long corridor, Ram surveyed some of the Castle guards as they passed by.

Same as the soldiers who had come to call upon Emilia at the Royal Residence, they harbored a sense of tension and duty emanating from their expressions and body language; after a silent bow of respect, they proceeded past Ram and Emilia, and she watched as they moved away. ――However, shortly after they passed through, the closing of the doors to the hall could be felt through the atmosphere.

The significance of those doors, which conventionally were always kept wide open, being closed, was as clear as day.

――Not good.

The doors to the hall being shut, the atmosphere around the soldiers that was more tense than usual, and above all, the summons delivered personally by the Commander of the Royal Knights: what was on display was utmost vigilance. That was to say, the impression that the other party held of them had already significantly slanted towards a negative one.

Separate from Ram’s physical condition, this was the second circumstance that was truly not good.

Emilia: […It feels somewhat like we’re being imprisoned reaaally politely, doesn’t it?]

Ram: [――. That comes as a surprise. Emilia-sama, it seems that even you have the sensitivity to perceive that.]

While slightly slowing the pace of her steps, Emilia aligned herself next to Ram and vaguely murmured. At her alert perception of the Royal Castle’s atmosphere, Ram slightly raised her eyebrows in response.

And receiving that, as Emilia lowered the ends of her shapely eyebrows,

Emilia: [Rather than the atmosphere being tense, I just thought it felt sort of like that. Back when I lived in the forest with Puck, whenever I would go out to the nearby village, everyone there had this kind of attitude… maybe they’re all just reaaally scared of us.]

Ram: [Indeed. It seems like Barusu reaaally messed up this time, after all.]

Emilia: […Subaru and Beatrice, I wonder if they’re okay. Though, Crusch-san also seems to be with them.]

With a slight flicker in her amethyst eyes, Emilia voiced those words, prompting Ram to fall silent.

In all honesty, the outlook of the situation was not good. From all the information she had heard, a member of the Council of Wise Men, Miklotov McMahon, had been murdered, and the perpetrator behind that act had been Crusch Karsten, who, along with her conspirators, Subaru and Beatrice, was currently being pursued.

Since she had been resting in bed due to her poor condition, she only knew about the trouble surrounding Crusch and the Church of the Divine Dragon on a surface level, but having been backed into a corner as a Royal Candidate, Crusch would have ended up committing a tormented act of violence, and present at the scene, Subaru would have protected her out of emotion―― it was a conceivable progression of events.

Ram: [All with Beatrice-sama accompanying him… no, that personage is too easy on Barusu, so it’s no use. Barusu is far too lacking in self-restraint. Even though it would be much better were he to think only about Rem… and Emilia-sama.]

It was complicated as the older sister, but she had no choice but to recognize the fact that Subaru did indeed treasure Rem, and the fact that he indeed did so perhaps served as some form of solace to her. For Rem too, her Memories yet to return, although she might say this and that on the surface, it was completely obvious that she had special feelings towards Subaru within her heart.

That was precisely why it was necessary for Subaru to keep the reins tight on himself, and firmly narrow down exactly whom he would treat kindly. ――After all, the consequence for trying to be a friend to everybody, was being incurred at this exact moment.

Emilia: [Ram, are you perhaps angry?]

Ram: […For a long time already, Barusu’s fickle impulses have appeared to be beyond salvation. However, that is a separate matter to the allegations currently being leveled against him.]

Emilia: [Yes, that’s right. We’ll have to talk properly, and make them understand about Subaru. In a way that no matter what they ask us from here on, it will turn out fine.]

Ram: [Firstly, Emilia-sama, please prepare around ten positive things to say about Barusu.]

Emilia: [Huh, ten? I can only say ten things? I wonder, can I really narrow it down to just ten…]

As Emilia became apprehensive for a different reason to herself, Ram was impressed that she could even manage to get up to ten positive things about Subaru. Aside from his timing, what was there to even praise?

In any case――,

Ram: [――Do-or-die, isn’t it?]

Looking back, it felt like they had been encountering nothing but do-or-die moments, but setting aside that worthless sentiment, Ram gazed to the fore alongside Emilia. ――There, Marcos stopped in his tracks, pushing open the doors at the end of the hall, and ushering them to enter the room.

Abiding by him and passing through the doors, Ram and Emilia were greeted by many of the gazes within the room alongside a strained, solemn atmosphere, the swell of silent tension immediately apparent.

――The location where Ram and Emilia had been guided was not the grand hall, but a conference room within the Castle used for discussions between distinguished individuals.

Just the other day, it was the room where Emilia had accompanied Filóre, standing witness to her declaration of intent to participate in the Royal Selection, and her nomination of Knight. Without much of an intermission, she was revisiting the room before even a few days had passed, and with the reception being vastly different from the last time, the attitude of those around them was just as if watching as criminals were being dragged in.

Ram: [――――]

Looking around the room they had been brought into, Ram first ascertained the arrangement of the soldiers.

Two on either side of the doors, four along the walls, and on the other side of the ebony round table that wrapped around the center of the room as a semi-circle, several figures were standing on guard.

All with their swords yet sheathed, and with their hands away from their hilts. ――Even so, the fact that this environment had been envisioning even the most unlikely event from the start had been conveyed.

Ram: [A polite invitation, isn’t it?]

They were putting on a facade of courtesy, but this was by no means a warm welcome.

Putting a lid on a box of the finest quality, it was the uppermost class of cornering, elegantly forbidding any path of escape. As if to reinforce that, the sound of Marcos closing the double doors behind them overlapped. ――The significance of isolating the room from the hallway with those two doors, was to thoroughly prevent the conversation within from leaking to the outside.

However, at this moment, Ram felt that rather than simply being to prevent others from hearing what was being discussed in this conference room, that isolation was being imposed in a more physical sense.

???: [――Emilia!]

While Ram was evaluating the room’s atmosphere, the one to abruptly raise their voice was a figure sitting at the edge of the round table―― a woman with characteristic long, golden hair, and crimson eyes, dressed in a nun’s habit.

Without a care for the surrounding gazes, she clamorously kicked back her chair and leapt over the round table, flying straight towards Emilia’s chest as the latter stood at the entrance to the room.

Emilia caught that vigor head-on, and while blinking her eyes,

Emilia: [Filóre, I see you came here too.]

Filóre: [Of course! This is a problem concerning both you, Emilia, and your Knight, Subaru, after all. I was thinking that if anything were to happen to you, I would need to stand by you, so I came rushing here in a great hurry!]

Emilia: [Filóre…]

Filóre: [Don’t worry! I’m here with you all the way! This might be a situation where everything is incomprehensible and you don’t know what’s what, but there’s no way that Emilia’s in the wrong! No matter what happens, I’m your ally!]

Pronouncing so, the woman in nun’s clothing clinging to Emilia―― having been called Filóre, Ram identified her as the new Royal Candidate who had played a large role in the recent tumult within the Royal Capital.

She had heard from Rem that Emilia had become friends with her, but this was quite the level of attachment. The sight of her getting so emotional that her crimson eyes became moist to such a degree that it seemed like her nose would start running, gave off an impression that she truly was worried for Emilia, alongside a sense of uncertainty for how much she could truly be relied upon in this situation.

As a matter of fact, Filóre’s attitude was not particularly well-received by the many individuals within this conference room―― the members of the Council of Wise Men in attendance, several upper nobles, some of whom Ram knew, as well as the soldiers of the Royal Guard.

Basking amidst the downpour of harsh gazes and clearing of throats, the one to call out “Filóre-chan?” to her, was the woman sitting in the chair next to the one Filóre had kicked away.

With a gentle enunciation and countenance, looking over Filóre as she clung to Emilia,

???: [Haven’t you just gone and startled everyone nooow? Why, you mustn’t act so spiriteeed.]

Filóre: [Spirited!? I’m not acting spirited or anything, rather, I’m lamenting from the bottom of my heart! If only I had just clung to Emilia always, I could have been there for her worries right from the start! This too, is in the scriptures. “The salvation of but one, is according to the prayers of the many. When thou sharest in the Dragon’s blessing with thy neighbor, thou becomest the truest of grace, granting solace to their solitary soul”!]

???: [You’re free to interpret it however you pleeease, but delaying the discussion does not leave a good impression, you knooow? Filóre-chan, won’t it only cause more harm to Emilia-chan the more grumbly you make them?]

Filóre: [Uggg… Sakura you dummy…!!]

Sakura: [Oh myyy, it seems I’ve incurred your distaaaste.]

At Filóre’s childish rebuttal, tears in her eyes, the woman who had been called Sakura shrugged her shoulders. It had been an exchange with quite the difference in ability between actors, but as Filóre had been talked into a corner, Emilia gently caressed her head,

Emilia: [Mm, thank you, Filóre. You’re reaaally dependable. Keep watch over me, okay?]

Filóre: [Emilia… yes. Yes! I’ll watch over you so attentively that my eyes give me a splitting headache!]

Marcos: [――Well then, Filóre-sama, please return to your seat posthaste.]

At Emilia’s words, Filóre firmly wiped her teary eyes, and nodded several times over. As she did so, Marcos, finally securing an opportunity to interject, urged her to take her seat.

At that command, Filóre reluctantly parted from Emilia, and hurriedly returned to the chair she had kicked over, and upon sitting in it, she turned her face away from the adjacent Sakura in a pouting manner.

And just as that scene was wrapping up――,

Marcos: [Emilia-sama, please proceed forth to the seat in the center. As for your attendant――]

Ram: [Ram will stand behind Emilia-sama.]

Marcos: [――――]

Ram: [Is there a problem?]

Marcos: [No, there is no problem. Very well, proceed.]

With a small act of resistance, she refused to separate from Emilia, standingly obliquely behind Emilia as she sat down at the witness stand in the center. For a moment, she exchanged glances with Emilia, and receiving those eyes housing anxiety and gratitude, she responded by slightly drawing in her chin.

???: [Emilia-sama, allow us to express to you our deepest gratitude for coming all this way.]

The one to solemnly broach the discussion, among the members sitting around the semi-circular round table, was the bald old man clad in an especially striking air―― Bordeaux Zergev.

Sitting in one of the seven seats provided for the Council of Wise Men, he was a hero of the Kingdom, who in the past had fought with his own halberd in the Demi-Human War. And, due to those experiences, he was known for being an individual with a firm stance regarding demi-humans, and it could likely be said that his affinity with Emilia was the absolute worst.

While displaying respect towards Emilia through lip service, could the fuse he had lit indicate that his true feelings on the matter were entirely different?

However, even without such contemplations, the first thing Emilia took notice of was not Bordeaux, but rather the vacant seat to his right,

Emilia: [Usually, Miklotov-san would be sitting there.]

Bordeaux: [――――]

Emilia: [Miklotov-san… did he really…?]

Bordeaux: [Without any doubt, the fact of the matter has been confirmed. It is a severe blow to the Kingdom of the utmost degree. Since the passing of the Royal Family, this is by far the greatest catastrophe to befall the Kingdom.]

Slowly shaking his head from side to side, Bordeaux answered in a hoarse, subdued voice.

In reality, considering the duty Miklotov had served in the Kingdom of Lugunica until now, Bordeaux’s answer was likely something that all of the Kingdom’s citizens would be obliged to agree with.

But, in regards to that response, the impression Emilia harbored seemed to be different. As she narrowed her eyes, framed by long lashes,

Emilia: […Is that all?]

Bordeaux: [――. And by that, you mean?]

Emilia: [Of course, I also think that it’s something awful for the Kingdom. But, Bordeaux-san, you and the others have all known Miklotov-san for a long time, right? In that case…]

Bordeaux: [Do you believe I ought to be struck by grief, shedding tears? However, if it was the Miklotov-dono we all know, he would not have desired any such thing from us. He was not an individual who would have ever approved of his own death eroding the minds of the Kingdom, gradually spreading that necrosis to its limbs.]

Emilia: [――――]

Bordeaux: [The manner in which we mourn our fellows, simply differs to that of yours. That is all.]

Emilia: […I see. I’m sorry. It must have been reaaally tough for you all as well, Bordeaux-san.]

Receiving his curt response, Emilia released a quiet sigh.

Upon being told that it was a difference in how they expressed sorrow, Emilia backed down, but having observed that from a step further back, Ram harbored a different impression to that of Emilia, kind to the core as she was.

Certainly, it was the most plausible thing to say. If they were to inherit the intentions of the wise man who worried continually about the Kingdom’s future, they did not have the leisure to stand halted in their tracks.

But, as for whether there was truly absolutely no room for any lament whatsoever, was somewhat doubtful to Ram. ――At the very least, as things continued to accumulate, her distrust towards this situation only continued to grow.

Bordeaux: [Once more, Emilia-sama, the reason you have been summoned here―― we would like to commence the hearing regarding the suspicions that have emerged surrounding Knight Natsuki Subaru.]

Emilia: [The suspicions about Subaru, those are…]

Bordeaux: [Indeed. ――The suspicions that Knight Natsuki Subaru is involved with the Witch Cult, and furthermore, that he bears an influential position within its ranks, tantamount to that of Sin Archbishop.]

In a low, but well-projected voice, Bordeaux presented the established doubts once more, causing Ram to knit her brow.

Personally, Ram found it to be an absurd suspicion, and as a camp, the only thing they could do was to deny the doubts, but it was still unclear what exactly these suspicions were founded on.

In all honesty, Subaru had a history of sheltering Spica, formerly the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, and it would be naught but a troublesome pain were that to be discovered, but the Imperial side ought to have been thorough in classifying any information on that matter.

So long as they required Spica’s Authority, the Empire would find it undesirable for her identity to be propagated. ――Ergo, there should have been no way for that to be connected to the suspicions cast upon Subaru, and yet.

Emilia: [Regarding those doubts, I can provide a definite answer. Subaru is unaffiliated with the Witch Cult. Subaru holds the position of being my one and only Knight, and he is an irreplaceable ally.]

Filóre: [That’s right, that’s right! The two of them share a strong bond! Even I have clearly observed… mgamga !]

Sakura: [Filóre-chan? Why don’t we be silent for a biiit?]

Emilia was resolute in her response to the doubts that had been cast, and though Filóre’s mouth was sealed by Sakura as she cheered her on, the results brought on by the both of them had been the same―― an unmoved atmosphere.

Though perhaps natural for Filóre’s advocacy that verged on hollering, even Emilia’s firm denial of the suspicions cast on Subaru was met with nary a fluctuation in the cold gazes directed at her.

As the person at the center of it all, that was likely something Emilia had also perceived. Before the other party could broach their next words, Emilia cut in with “May I have a moment”,

Emilia: [To begin with, I’d like to hear exactly why Subaru is being suspected of affiliation with the Witch Cult. I told the same thing to Marcos-san earlier at the Royal Residence, but Subaru’s great efforts until now should be something that the rest of you also know about, Bordeaux-san. Even Regulus, thanks to Subaru…]

Bordeaux: [The subjugation of several Sin Archbishops, and of the White Whale and the Great Rabbit of the Three Great Witchbeasts, yes? The matter concerning the Great Rabbit is still unverified, but it is the truth that the others are supported by witness testimonies from third parties.]

Emilia: [Right? And yet――]

Bordeaux: [――However, those very achievements are yet another focal point of the suspicions.]

Emilia: [――――]

A focal point of the suspicions: to these embers of doubt smouldering at the center of the topic at hand, Emilia held her breath.

It was most certainly an irrational argument. For the very achievements that Subaru had leveled against the Witch Cult to be labeled as suspicious, was absolutely unbearable.

Ram: [In other words, you’re saying that Barusu’s feats are far too convenient?]

Bordeaux: [Apologies, but your attendant bears not the right to speak. Have her abstain from hereon.]

Ram: [That was going too far. It just slipped out, given that my ears could not be believed.]

The gazes upon her grew harsher as she appended an unnecessary comment, but it was how Ram truly felt.

Be that as it may, their line of argument was a false pretext―― at the very least, as it currently was, the other party would have been aware that it was nothing more than simply an unjust suspicion. But, given that they were forcing Emilia into a hearing like this, there ought to have still been more foundational evidence coming.

And, that was――,

Emilia: [Sorry about Ram. However, when you say Subaru’s efforts are suspicious, what do you mean?]

Bordeaux: [We suspect that it all may have been something deliberately manufactured. That perhaps, his subjugation of the several Sin Archbishops, and his subjugation of those among the Three Great Witchbeasts, were all part of a larger plot to infiltrate the inner circles of the Kingdom.]

Emilia: [That’s…!]

Bordeaux: [An irrational argument; is that what you mean to say? But, considering how each nation has suffered countless hardships at the hands of the Witch Cult until now, the progress he has made in all but one and a half years is simply far too much. The same goes for the Three Great Witchbeasts. It seems almost by design that Knight Natsuki Subaru is being provided with so many opportunities to contribute.]

With Emilia at a loss for words, Bordeaux showered her with even more. And, riding off Bordeaux’s momentum, those filling the seats of the semi-circular round table began to nod one after another,

Wise Man: [Successfully subjugating the White Whale, which escaped even the Great Conquest, and consecutively defeating the Sin Archbishop of Sloth… a man considered to be a living calamity, is simply too good to be true.]

Wise Man: [Per the testimonies of those involved at the time, Knight Natsuki Subaru accurately predicted the date and time of the White Whale’s appearance, and further went on to completely preempt the plans of the Witch Cult and impede them in advance.]

Wise Man: [It is even said that he had completely shut down that Sin Archbishop with nearly zero casualties. Considering the damages that usually accompany the incidents caused by the Witch Cult, it is exceedingly unbelievable.]

Wise Man: [However, though it is the Witch Cult we speak of, would they really cut someone in such an important position?]

Wise Man: [There is also the matter about how the Sin Archbishops of the Witch Cult all bear mutual hatred for each other. It is also possible that he was utilizing the internal conflict within the Witch Cult for this opportu――]

Emilia: [――WAIT!]

Wise Men: [――――]

At the raging waves of doubts that poured out as if a breached dam, Emilia’s voice forcibly interjected.

Likely, those were various arguments that the other party had been waiting for an opportunity to bring up, but they were all too weak to serve as the decisive blow for the suspicions, and were all insufficient to cause the seeds of doubt to fully bud.

Emilia understood that too. Hence, while being jostled by the raging waves, with an unshakable faith towards her Knight sojourning in her eyes,

Emilia: [To me, everything you’re saying right now just seems like it might appear that way because you’re thinking about it with your preconceived notions that Subaru is suspicious. Certainly, Subaru is reaaally perceptive, and he always finds the best method for things, and thanks to that he’s even able to do something about the Witch Cult, but…]

Ram: [That might have the opposite effect…]

Emilia: [However! Whether it’s the Witch Cult or the Three Great Witchbeasts, don’t only focus on those aspects when it comes to my Knight! Even in the Pleiades Watchtower, even in Vollachia… no, that’s wrong. Even further back, at the beginning, when I ran into danger here in this very Royal Capital, Subaru saved me. In a matter completely unrelated to the Witch Cult!]

Ram: [Emilia-sama…]

As Emilia desperately stated her case, a flush coming over her cheeks, Ram slightly widened her eyes.

While Emilia’s objection was certainly marred by an unskilled manner of speech, it was something that directly conflicted against the suspicions that Bordeaux and the other Wise Men had leveled against them.

The singular aspect of good timing that Ram could praise Subaru on, was not something limited to only being displayed at scenes pertinent to the Witch Cult. If she had to say, Subaru’s timing was simply always good. The dubiety of that, did not equate to suspicion of him being a Witch Cultist.

That was why――,

Bordeaux: [――We understand what you are saying, Emilia-sama. We, too, have no intention of tarnishing the reputation of Knight Natsuki Subaru on such pretexts.]

Emilia: […Is that true? In that case, it’s fine. Then…]

Bordeaux: [――However, your Knight is deeply suspected of being the successor to the Sin Archbishop of Sloth. In regards to this matter, what do you have to say?]

At the fact that everything up until now had been naught more than a preliminary skirmish, Ram grinded her molars.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Successor to the Sin Archbishop of Sloth; that was the true doubt being cast upon Natsuki Subaru.

Emilia’s amethyst eyes greatly flickered, confronting a question that came from outside the realm of her anticipation. On the other hand, standing behind her and hearkening to the same, the hue of perplexity in Ram’s pale crimson irises saturated.

Ram: [Though, it was told that Barusu and Otto worked to kill the Sin Archbishop of Sloth..]

When it came to Ram’s cognizance, she felt Otto would perhaps interject with an “I would like to object to that!”, but at this moment she wielded no ears to lend to the retortful man absent from this place.

Merely, albeit not directly, even Ram was in a position where she had indirectly been involved in the battle against the Sin Archbishop of Sloth. The demise of that personage who was the utmost renowned Sin Archbishop across the world, indisputably became the beginning of intertwined destinies between the Emilia Camp and the Witch Cult.

However, the reason why Subaru was being suspected of bearing a connection to that Sin Archbishop of Sloth――,

Ram: [That too, was because Barusu conveniently played a role in the Subjugation of Sloth?]

Marcos: [Your right to speak is no――]

Bordeaux: [No, it is fine. That is also a component. However, the greatest thrust is on certain testimony.]

Ram: [Testimony?]

Substituting for Emilia, whose thoughts were suspended, Ram prompted the conversation’s resumption, when Marcos attempted to reprobe her but was commanded to stop by a gesture of Bordeaux’s hand, the latter going on to disclose the following progression.

The greatest thrust of suspecting Subaru, that was namely――,

Bordeaux: [――The testimony of the captive Sin Archbishop of Wrath.]

Emilia: [――Hk, Sirius’s?]

Bordeaux: [As we speak, the Sin Archbishop in question remains incarcerated in the Prison Tower as a captive. She does not passably comply with us when we subject her to questioning, but including her journey from the time she was apprehended at the Watergate City, she seems to have made such a statement multiple times. ――That the Sin Archbishop of Sloth, lies within Natsuki Subaru.]

Emilia: [――――]

Bordeaux: [The Commendation Ceremony that was held at the Royal Capital… the time when the distinguished deeds of subjugating the White Whale, and extirpating the Sin Archbishop of Sloth were lauded, I recall there being a detailed report. Within, it was stated that the Sin Archbishop of Sloth was an Evil Spirit that possessed the flesh bodies of others, and that he had gone through a countless number of bodies. ――What would you say of that?]

Narrowing the eyes beneath his thick eyebrows, so did Bordeaux enquire of Emilia, her cheeks tensing up in response.

Within her, misgivings toward Subaru had been born―― naught. Merely, faced with the pieces falling into place in a manner most detrimental to Subaru, she remained unable to form her flooding emotions into words.

To sum up this proposal, Natsuki Subaru was being suspected of having had his body hijacked by the Sin Archbishop of Sloth, and of being an act continuously maintained by another person from that day all the way until now.

That was perhaps an unbearable affront to Emilia, who had welcomed Subaru as her Knight.

Above all, for Ram, those misgivings were――,

Ram: [――Absolutely preposterous.]

For the first time, upon hearing her erupting voice, Ram realized the unwitting sharpness of her own tongue.

However, even upon being conscious of this truth, she was unable to constrain the emotions infused into her ensuing words. ――After all, that doubt upon Subaru, that affront, was a deed akin to averring that even Subaru faithfully visiting the asleep Rem each and every evening, was factitious.

Ram: [It is unbelievable that all of your esteemed selves, who bear the name of the Council of Wise Men, have constructed a scene like this founded on such misgivings. The source of information poses a problem prior to even touching upon the substance of these misgivings.]

Bordeaux: [Then, do you assert that this matter is wholly baseless, and naught more than our meaningless, unwarranted distrust?]

Ram: [Naturally. To place faith in a Sin Archbishop’s say is lunacy. It is said that the captive Wrath has the power to affect the hearts of others. Perhaps it affected――]

Emilia: [――Ram!]

Her inadvertently flaring tenor dashed with cold water, Ram held her breath.

She looked to find Emilia turned towards her, risen up from her seat at the witness stand, a sharpened gaze of her orderly beauty and an ire towards her discourteous attendant―― being feigned. Upon compelling Emilia to enact this poor performance, and becoming so emotional as to incur her reprimand, Ram’s heart self-reflected to the maximum.

Not good. ――The stringent status of her body was conferring a negative influence onto her feelings as well. If this kept up, then for what purpose had she vouched to be Emilia’s attendant?

Emilia: [Again, I’m really sorry about Ram. If need be, I shall command her to leave.]

The introspecting Ram to her rear, Emilia turned around towards the semi-circular round table and offered this proposal.

Her uncharacteristically austere timbre was her way of an attitude to cover for the error Ram had committed. With the responsibility of her actions usurped from her, her chagrin was merely exacerbated.

It was delightful to witness Emilia’s growth. If only it were not a circumstance such as this. ――If only it were not at a hearing with a predetermined conclusion such as this.

Bordeaux: [――. There is no need for you to be shown the door. Abstain from making remarks hereon. Should this repeat, it would be nobody else but Emilia-sama, whose way would come into question.]

Ram: […It shall be borne in mind. Humble apologies.]

Whilst vocalizing her gratitude, Ram could not help but taste the bitter sense that her conjecture was supported by the fact she had not been pressed to leave the room.

That was because Ram sensed their intent of keeping Emilia and herself bunched up in this place.

Emilia: [Thank you, for not making Ram leave… Then, allow me to ask something as well. Do you think Subaru might be the Sin Archbishop of Sloth, because it’s what Sirius is saying?]

Bordeaux: [Naturally, at first, it was disregarded as nonsense. It would instead be foolish to take something like the remarks of a captured Sin Archbishop seriously. However, that was not the case for Miklotov-dono. That man was the proprietor of a discernment that never mistook between asinine ramblings to be disregarded, and omens of calamity that were not so.]

Emilia: [Miklotov-san did… ah, if that’s the case, then could it be…]

Whilst Emilia unwittingly placed a hand on her mouth, Ram arrived at the same thought.

Today, after completing the preparations for departing to Pristella, Subaru took Beatrice and left for an appointment with Miklotov after boasting about wanting to have some secretive conversation. The details of what transpired afterwards eluded her, but it was doubtless that the manslaughter and the present situation were connected.

Possibly, the very reason why Miklotov summoned Subaru was――,

Bordeaux: [The specific purpose of the meeting remains unshared even with us. However, with Knight Natsuki Subaru having been present at the scene, and in addition to him, Duchess Karsten, who once coacted with him in the White Whale Subjugation and the subsequent battle against Sloth, this suspicion becomes inexorable. ――That due to the occurrence of some unfavorable circumstance for Knight Natsuki Subaru, Miklotov-dono was killed.]

Emilia: [That’s――]

Bordeaux: [Then, how do you expect us to trust one who renounced his opportunity to explain himself by his own volition!?!]

Emilia: [――Hk.]

That instant, Bordeaux’s deep voice thundered, petrifying Emilia who was smited by it head-on.

In the backdrop of Emilia’s reaction, Ram once again endured a vexation towards ill happenstance―― or rather, towards the very situation that had been devised to be as such.

Indeed, the opposite party had summoned Emilia whilst having consolidated irrefutable bases for argument from the outset.

Ram: [――Our worst imaginations have been borne out.]

From the flow of events since the royal soldiers had entered the Royal Residence, the worst possible scenario that at least Ram and Otto could have envisioned in that place―― a summon to the Castle that could not be declined, and incidentally, their camp being splintered into fragments.

Whoever it was that had painted this picture, had been pulling the strings quite scrupulously so far.

Furthermore, Bordeaux’s interrogation persisted.

Bordeaux: [Knight Natsuki Subaru, together with Duchess Karsten, fled from the scene of Miklotov-dono’s assassination. According to witness testimony by one who had happened to be there, Knight Natsuki Subaru employed inexplicable techniques, forbidding the magic of others, and withal, he allegedly manipulated “something” invisible to the eye. Going back to the report received at the time of conferring commendations, it would appear that the Sin Archbishop of Sloth commanded arms of invisibility.]

Emilia: [That’s… magic that Subaru and Beatrice came up with…]

Bordeaux: [Inquiring furthermore, it is known that those who became sacrifices for the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony suffered the loss of their existence from the memories of others, or conversely, suffered the loss of even their own memories. However, it is said that Knight Natsuki Subaru remembered what was forgotten. Why is that?]

Emilia: [For both Rem and Julius, it’s because Subaru remembered them, that they didn’t have to become all alone!]

Bordeaux: [Due to atrocities perpetrated by that Sin Archbishop of Lust, Duchess Karsten sustained injuries beyond recovery. Despite being victim to the same ravaging, what is the explanation for Knight Natsuki Subaru being unharmed? Are you even able to provide one?]

Emilia: [Subaru was the one most frustrated about that!]

Bordeaux: [Then, just who is Knight Natsuki Subaru and from where did he come!? There are no records of that individual anywhere before he stepped ahead and named himself as your Knight at the Royal Castle! Why!?!]

Emilia: [Subaru is――!]

???: [――Please stop it already!!]

In a tempest of bludgeoning inquisitions, even her answers intercepted partway through, Emilia attempted to shout in a voice so poignant as to be on the verge of crying. ――In that juncture, the one whose voice outstripped that and resounded across the conference room was that of Filóre, risen from her seat at the room’s edge and pounding the semi-circular round table.

A singular stream of tears poured from her crimson eyes, and as her lips quavered,

Filóre: [Stop ganging up and being so harsh to Emilia… She’s the one who’s in the most turmoil, and she’s the one who’s yearning to speak with Subaru the most.]

Bordeaux: […Even we, are not raising our voices with no due cause. Above all, the one who recovered Miklotov-dono’s remains and detailed what had transpired at his residence ought to have belonged to the Church of the Divine Dragon, your associate, Filóre-sama.]

Filóre: [Of course I know that! Even that Tiga was injured… but, it could also be that Tiga accidentally mistook something after losing too much blood, right?]

Sakura: [Truly, that would be far too pitiful for Tiga-chaaan.]

Filóre: [――Hk, anyhow! I’m opposed to this way of doing things! This too, is in the scriptures. “Nary a soul beneath this sky doth reside beyond aid. Regard upward to the heavens and behold the Dragon’s everpresent shadow, for therein lies the commensurate salvation promised to all the children”!]

Bringing out the scriptures, Filóre set them atop the semi-circular round table as if slamming them down.

Her emotive objection did throw a damper on the argument, but Subaru’s arid prospects remained without change. And what Ram feared was a proposal for further suspicion annexed to these misgivings toward Subaru.

That was――,

Bordeaux: [――Were you, Emilia-sama, your backer, Margrave of the Western Lands Roswaal L. Mathers, as well as the members of your camp, all abreast with this issue?]

Emilia: [――――]

Bordeaux: [Supposing your camp internally conspired to conceal this, then in the case that the suspicion of Knight Natsuki Subaru being successor to the Sin Archbishop of Sloth holds true, Emilia-sama, it would make the reason for having you participate in the Royal Selection, as well as all the achievements you have amassed until today, instead be…]

Ever since the day the Royal Selection began, the fruits of all the labors accreted by Emilia, by Subaru, and by everyone in the camp, their entirety would be deemed to be counterfeited fakes.

All of what everyone had forged, with their blood, their sweat, their tears, everything would become――.

Filóre: [――Emilia?]

As Ram tightly clutched her fists, a foolish voice abruptly knocked her earlobes.

It belonged to Filóre, yet stanced as she pressed the scriptures onto the semi-circular round table, her eyes opened round and wide. Blinking her large eyes, she gazed toward the center of the room in dumbfoundment.

Lured by it, Ram looked in that direction as well, at the witness stand. ――She saw Emilia, standing there.

She had been told things such that none would have found it strange for her vision to be fogged in pitch black.

She had been cudgeled with despair that seemed it would make her underfoot fissure, making her lose sight of her place to be.

Swept away by the storm of absurdity and irrationality, it would not have been an oddity for her to have wept and wailed.

However――,

Emilia: [――My name is Emilia. Just Emilia. The Witch of Glaciation, of the Great Forest of Elior.]

Making this assertion, remaining stood up in the witness box, Emilia declared so with one finger hoisted toward the heavens.

Ram had seen it several times before, the pose that a youth reckless to no end would strike when he proclaimed the utmost foolish thing in this world and embarked onward.

Emilia: [This is not the first time that I am being looked at with such gazes by all of your eyes. Until now, time and again, when those eyes were turned towards me, I would be dejected, yet I would always raise my face thinking to push through it.]

Bordeaux: [――――]

Emilia: [That’s why, even if we return to the very beginning, it’s no problem at all. I―― we, will not lose, after all.]

Ram: [Emilia… sama…]

Emilia: [We won’t lose, we won’t. ――Isn’t that right, Ram!?]

Her finger yet lancing the heavens, Emilia called to Ram without turning back.

For her to not turn back to ascertain, infuriatingly enough, was naught but proof of trust. Emilia placed complete trust in what Ram would respond with, in what expression Ram would be making.

That was precisely why. That was why, she did not turn. To that trust, Ram must live up

By her own will, she had come forward and vouched to be Emilia’s attendant.

Brushing aside everyone who wanted to live up to Emilia’s trust right here, Ram had done so, by her own will.

Ram: [――Hah! Naturally.]

Ram endeavored for her visage, her timbre, to harmonize with that trust.

With gallant certitude, powerfully dignified and debonair, with Ram’s essence just as what Emilia placed her trust in, such that she could devote her support from behind whilst Emilia braced herself to endure, refusing to be vanquished by any crisis.

Ram: [Kindly behold, you fools.]

It was unfathomable that Emilia, as she was now, could have been completed by just diffidently sauntering atop a road paved with deceitful, predetermined achievements.

Oh fools who harbor such distrust, all of you be scorched, and turn to ashes.

Shall I gouge out those eyes of yours suspecting this as forgery, and instead jam glass marbles in their place?

After all, this radiance honed by weeping, by wailing, by shedding blood and tears, and only thereafter tempered, is precisely the caliber of a ruler that Emilia has fervently labored to attain.

Wise Men: [――――]

Nobody could immediately utter any words of rebuttal.

Scorn, suspicion, and the interrogation masquerading as cogent arguments alike, faced with Emilia giving her name, for that singular juncture alone, all of them were lost of their trajectory.

???: [――Report! There is a report!]

The conference room had fallen under a regime of silence conceived with heat from the out-of-place remarks that the master and servant duo of Emilia and Ram had put forward, which was subsequently cleaved by the voice of a soldier scampering in.

Standing at the ready beside the entrance, Marcos had been watching over the hearing up until now, but with the soldier having barged into the room, he stood before the latter and bellowed with a “You idiot!”.

Marcos: [We are in the midst of a crucial hearing! What are you thinking!?]

Soldier: [I am terribly sorry! But there is a pressing matter of which I must urgently inform you!]

Marcos: [Urgently? What is it?]

Upon the soldier’s entreaty, imbued in the hue of impatience, Marcos leaned over and lent his ear. Upon listening to the soldier’s hushed voice, Marcos’s forehead was carved with deep wrinkles as a hefty murmur of “I see” escaped him.

Apprehending a resonance of understanding in his mutter, Ram narrowed her eyes.

Thereupon――,

Bordeaux: [Commander Marcos, what happened? Is it something that concerns this hearing?]

Marcos turned around upon Bordeaux’s query and glanced towards Emilia. He then slowly shook the head that was placed atop his colossal build,

Marcos: [It is not unrelated.]

Bordeaux: [If so, do apprise us. The soldier’s manner of disconcert was not trivial.]

Marcos: [――The members of Emilia-sama’s camp who were remaining at the Royal Residence have parted from the mansion by outmaneuvering the guards. There are no casualties among the soldiers who stepped in to restrain them, but their whereabouts are presently being pursued.]

Bordeaux: [Heavens…]

Upon the low-toned report that Marcos imparted, Bordeaux set a hand upon his mouth. The wise old man thinned of his former bulk then expelled a long sigh as though in lament, and fixed his eyes onto Emilia,

Bordeaux: [Whilst the master is explaining herself at the Royal Castle, in the background, her subordinates seek to deceive the eyes of the Kingdom. Surely you understand that it would be quite unreasonable for us to apprehend this favorably?]

Emilia: [I don’t think so. If everyone has chosen to go through with that, then that means it was what everyone thought was the best thing to do.]

Bordeaux: [Unfortunately, that answer stands to no persuasion whatsoever. ――Including the suspicions pertaining to Knight Natsuki Subaru, Emilia-sama, we shall have you remain confined within the Castle.]

So commanded Bordeaux, with merely the surface of his words blotted with disquietude, to which Ram gritted her teeth.

He was quite infamous for his antipathy towards demi-humans, but combined with Miklotov’s loss who was seen as a political moderate, it was hard to believe he would be this forcible in seeking to eliminate Emilia.

The skillfulness of these preparations, and perhaps even Miklotov’s death―― regardless, his demeanor feigning regretfulness was nothing if not shamelessly disingenuous.

For this was the conclusion that had long since been determined for this hearing from the very beginning.

That was precisely why――,

Ram: [――Rem, kindly give a firm spanking to Garf and Otto. Counting on you.]

Their parting of ways had been built upon the resolve that Emilia and Ram would be detained, their movements forbidden, with no option but to entrust it to Rem and everyone else who were left behind.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Emilia-neechan!]

???: [Felt-chan?]

It was as she was being led from the conference room where the hearing had been held, en route to another room within the Castle.

With the sound of pattering footsteps, the one who ran up to Emilia with a frantic look on her face was Felt, a fellow Royal Candidate.

Running up to Emilia, Felt glared in turn at the royal soldiers flanking her at the front and back.

Felt: [Oi, the hell’s going on here? Why’re you treating Nee-chan here like she’s some kind of criminal? We’re Royal Candidates. Is this sorta behavior really okay?]

Emilia: [Felt-chan, it’s fine! I accept it… well, I reaaally can’t accept it at all, but I’m doing something like accepting it.]

Felt: [The hell’s that supposed to mean!? You can’t both kinda and kinda not accept it! You either do, or you don’t! If you say you don’t, then you don’t!]

As Felt furiously bared her anger, Emilia’s eyes widened, and then her face softened. Seeing Felt get upset on her behalf made her happy.

She instinctively felt the urge to hug Felt, but since doing so might make it seem like she was trying to take her hostage, she firmly restrained herself.

???: [Felt-sama, your consideration is greatly appreciated; however, Emilia-sama is Emilia-sama, so you may rest assured, she already gave the gentlemen inside quite the piece of her mind.]

Felt: [Gave them a piece of her mind, huh… ah, guess that makes sense. Ain’t no way Nee-chan would let it end with them walking all over her… No way, you aren’t being arrested for that, are you?]

Emilia: [No, that’s not why. But, there isn’t anything I can do right now.]

Felt: […It’s about Crusch-neechan and Subaru-niichan, huh?]

Emilia nodded to Felt, who had clicked her tongue after nodding at Ram’s response.

It appeared that matters regarding Subaru and Crusch had reached her ears as well. However, now that she carefully thought about it, today they had been scheduled to enlist the help of none other than Reinhard to hasten to Pristella.

Since neither Emilia nor Filóre and their respective camps had shown up at the appointed time, it was only natural that Felt would worry something had happened.

Felt: [It’s one thing that the gramps with the long beard was killed, but suspecting Nii-chan and Nee-chan are the culprits is a damn joke.]

Emilia: [Felt-chan, you think so too?]

Felt: [Ain’t that obvious? I’ve been in debt to Nii-chan ever since I was targeted by that bowel-loving bitch. Besides, I met some genuine Sin Archbishops back in Pristella, and even helped escort Wrath, y’know? Ain’t no way Nii-chan is in cahoots with those crazy bastards.]

Emilia: [――Hk.]

At that unwavering response from Felt, Emilia once again had to desperately resist the urge to embrace that petite frame.

Still, that was it. That was exactly how it was. It was not only Emilia and the comrades in their camp. In this way, Felt from another camp, and surely others too, would truly understand.

Surely they would all understand, just how persevering, how tenacious a guy Natsuki Subaru was.

???: [――Emilia! I’ll go as well! I’ll be locked up right alongside you!]

Just then, the sound of the conference room door bursting open with great force, as well as the voice of the girl who leaped through it, rang out.

Startled, they all turned to see Filóre on the verge of tears, rushing over toward them with her hair becoming disheveled as it fluttered about.

Throwing herself headlong into Emilia’s bosom without slowing down,

Filóre: [Th-th-th-there’s no way they could have such a one-sided hearing! I object! I will! I’ve become a Royal Candidate! Influence! Yes, I’ll use every ounce of influence I possess to rescind Emilia’s unfair treatment…!]

Emilia: [C-calm down, Filóre. You mustn’t do that. I’m reaaally glad you feel that way, but if you do that, it’ll just cause trouble for you too.]

Filóre: [If I wouldn’t be dragged through the mud with you, what kind of friend would I be!? If it’s with Emilia, I don’t mind getting muddy!]

Suddenly raising her head up from within Emilia’s chest, she said so without hesitation. Despite being bewildered by that vigor, Emilia strongly felt something profound welling up inside her.

She had gone to such great lengths to resist embracing Felt, yet due to Filóre jumping onto her like this, all her restraint had been for naught.

And, as she was held fast in Emilia’s embrace like that, Filóre let out an “Ah” as she noticed Felt standing right next to them, scratching her head.

Now that it came to mind, Emilia expected the two of them had a highly complicated relationship.

If that was true, Emilia needed to act as a mediator, however――,

Felt: [――You don’t gotta stress about it, Emilia-neechan. Right now, just worry about Nii-chan and his lot. Don’t burden yourself with my problems too.]

Filóre: [I-indeed, I think that is for the best. I was just about to say the same thing. It seems we get along somewhat!]

Felt: [Well, we might end up fighting over a single seat for a second time, y’know? Whether we get along or not, seems like that’s our destiny.]

With one eye shut, Felt observed Filóre inquisitively, and Filóre also looked back at her, whilst clinging to Emilia and acting flustered.

Emilia was worried about the matters regarding the two of them, she was worried about Subaru, Beatrice, and Crusch of course, and she was worried about Otto and everyone else who were said to have fled the Royal Residence; she was overcome with one worry after another.

Emilia: [I want to believe that everyone will definitely be okay, but…]

Ram: [――Indeed. By the way, Felt-sama, a moment?]

Felt: [Huh? What’s up, maid-neechan?]

Ram: [Earlier, you mentioned that you owed Barusu a debt. Would you care to pay it back ahead of schedule?]

Felt: [Hmmm?]

At Ram’s words, Felt raised an eyebrow and an expression of keen interest twisted her lips.

Seeing Felt’s reaction and Ram’s demeanor, with a “Do you mean…?”, Emilia came to a realization. If it was about paying back a favor to Subaru――,

Ram: [――Is the esteemed Sword Saint here with you today?]

Felt: [Well, I figured you’d ask that. It’s a frustrating situation. I can’t just let it be either, and I’d be more than happy to lend him to you… is what I’d like to say, but…]

Emilia: […It’s difficult?]

Felt: [Nah, he’s been summoned to a different part of the Castle regarding a separate matter. Same goes for me.]

As Felt gave her answer while scratching her head, Emilia and Ram exchanged glances. And then, Filóre, still timidly between Emilia’s breasts, tilting her head,

Filóre: [You too… you were summoned as well? It wasn’t because you were worried about Emilia?]

Felt: [I’m saying it wasn’t entirely out of worry. Sorry, alright?]

Emilia: [You don’t have to apologize at all, but a summons…]

Felt: [――I’ve been called into that room too.]

Saying that, Felt motioned with her chin toward the chamber that Filóre had leaped out of and where Emilia had undergone her hearing―― the conference room.

Upon closer inspection, Emilia noticed that those surrounding their group halted in the corridor included not only the soldiers there to escort herself and Ram, but also those guiding Felt. Emilia believed the circumstances differed from when Ram and herself had been brought in by Marcos, Commander of the Knights, and yet――,

Felt: [Whether it’s a Dragon or a Witch waiting in there―― either way, doesn’t seem like I can expect anything good, huh?]

Unable to find the same sense of reassurance she usually did in that characteristic smile of Felt’s, Emilia felt an overwhelming wave of frustration.

△▼△▼△▼△

――At the same time, having been summoned to a separate room of the Royal Castle, Reinhard van Astrea was overlooking a map of the Royal Capital rolled out over a tabletop.

Reinhard: [――――]

The piece placed on the center of the map, was one marking the Royal Residence located in the Noble District.

And from that center, red markers had been set up that traced several paths extending toward the outer edges of the Noble District. Although it was the depiction of the Royal Capital he was used to seeing, it had now been altered to a coldhearted diagram displaying escape routes and encirclement lines.

Thus, the meaning behind that was――,

???: [Following Emilia-sama’s departure from the Royal Residence, we assess that the remaining members of her camp are attempting to slip past the surveillance network, and escape the Noble District.]

The one to report that, was a civil officer dispatched as an envoy of the Council of Wise Men.

With an expression and tone that betrayed no emotion whatsoever, the envoy displayed a conduct of performing his allotted duty to perfection, to which Reinhard made no comment. Merely, he would lend his ear to the reason he had been summoned.

Reinhard: [――――]

Civil Officer: [Their objective is believed to be a convergence with Knight Natsuki Subaru, and possibly to make preparations to recover Emilia-sama from the Castle. Of course, at present, this is currently nothing more than conjecture, but it is a severe truth that they took advantage of the disturbance of a fire at the Royal Residence, which had been placed under surveillance, in order to escape.]

Reinhard: [Fire?]

Civil Officer: [Reports indicate that the smoke rose from beneath the kitchen floorboards. There was no confirmation of the actual fire spreading, and the majority of the smoke was caused by the stoppage of ventilation from the chimney being blocked.]

Reinhard: [I see.]

Revealing that the soldiers on guard had been deceived, the civil officer unfolded the decree in his hands. Gazing back and forth between that in his hands, and the map on the table,

Civil Officer: [A pursuit is underway, but given that they harbor individuals possessing extraordinary strength, any attempt to hasten their suppression risks casualties on the sides of both the soldiers and the targets. Therefore――]

Reinhard: [――The order has fallen to me.]

Civil Officer: [Yes. Sword Saint Reinhard van Astrea-dono, you are hereby ordered to pursue, as well as apprehend, these individuals. Take this.]

Upon the decree handed over with those words, the details of everything the civil officer had just told him was indeed written down word-for-word, a testament to just how firm he was in his stance towards playing his part through and through.

Reinhard: [――――]

Usually, Reinhard would scan the contents of the decree before immediately accepting them and moving to take action.

However, right now, at this moment, the Sword Saint’s response was slightly delayed. That hesitation was certainly not something entirely disconnected to his master, whom he had accompanied to the Royal Castle――,

Civil Officer: [――Valga Cromwell.]

The name abruptly uttered by the civil officer, caused the temperature in the narrow room to plummet by a noticeable margin.

Reinhard: [――――]

A name, saying that and that alone, the civil officer offered no further explanation. And, from Reinhard’s side too, no words were uttered to question the meaning of that.

After a brief silence, Reinhard folded the decree, and returned it to the civil officer.

And then――,

Reinhard: [――Understood.]

Imparting that and nothing more, Reinhard turned his gaze away from both the map and the civil officer.

Then, as he turned on his heel to leave, the civil officer left him with one final remark.

Civil Officer: [Apprehend the targets.]

Reinhard: [They shall be stopped.]

――With naught but those words, the Sword Saint left the small conference room of the Royal Castle behind him.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

A big thank you to all our readers! If you are a reader who loves consuming Re: Zero through Witch Cult Translations, a survey is available to take. [LINK]

--- Chapter 18: The Dream I Saw ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The moment that existence descended upon the street, breath came to a pause.

As for whose, it was not. What had paused, was the breath of the world.

When Garfiel had been afforded the opportunity to speak with the strongest of the Vollachian Empire, eager to learn of the convictions that sustained his unbounded strength, this was what he had been told:

Cecilus: [In other words the world is a stage! Everything including the rays of the sun and the howl of the wind and the fragrance of the soil and the richness of the greenery are all nothing more than just stage props and effects meant to help the actors sparkle. In that case you might wonder why does the world go to such lengths in order to flashily adorn its actors in such brilliant splendor? That is because none other than the very world itself is a SUPER! HUGE! FAN ! that loves to stir up the most excitement for any majorly quotable lines and iconic scenes in the actors’ performances!]

That ideology was quite far removed from common sensibilities, and to be perfectly honest, he had somewhat struggled to come to any decent understanding of it.

But, in this moment alone, he felt as if he could grasp at least part of the rationale that the Blue Lightning had so loudly proclaimed. ――That the world seemed to watch over its people as if it were enjoying a theatrical production.

If it were not so, then why, right now, did it feel so vividly clear that the world was holding its breath?

Garfiel: [――――]

With the tall bulwark partitioning the Noble and Commoner Districts at their backs, the path which stretched ahead of Garfiel and the others had been blocked by a lone man, distinguished by his blazing red hair and his eyes as blue as the clear sky.

Not standing, but blocking the way. ――Indeed, the man was obstructing their path.

???: [Reinhard-san, is it…? As far as I can imagine, you are the last person one would want as their pursuer.]

Reinhard: [I share in that sentiment, Otto. It’s a shame that it has come to this.]

The first to regain their senses following the shocking impact was, as one might expect, the one who possessed the most daring of guts within the camp: Otto.

With even Otto unable to completely suppress the emotions within his murmur, the man who responded―― the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, did not disavow that designation of pursuer.

With his hand resting on the hilt of the Dragon Sword at his waist, as he slightly narrowed his eyes,

Reinhard: [The Royal Castle has given the command to apprehend you. I ask you to surrender.]

Otto: [And if we refuse, it would be by force?]

Reinhard: [That it would. Deep down… no, my own feelings on the matter are irrelevant.]

Otto: [Indeed. What is being called into question is not where your heart lies, but rather, the results of your actions.]

Imparting those words, the feeling of tension throughout Otto’s body gradually heightened. On the other hand, since the moment Reinhard had appeared, there had been no change in the atmosphere cladding him whatsoever.

After all, he had long since decided the actions he would take. And, to decide on enacting something, and then to fully see that intent through until it was brought to completion, was to be that which was known as the Sword Saint.

???: [――Reinhard-san, was it? You mentioned that you had received the order from the Royal Castle, so might you be aware of what is happening with Nee-sama and Emilia-san?]

Thereupon, Rem, the one positioned diagonally behind Garfiel, discharged an utterance.

Though Garfiel and Otto had been the ones to step to the fore, standing to their rear, Rem had promptly moved to shield Petra and Meili as they huddled shoulder to shoulder, all the while keeping a firm gaze over Reinhard.

The answer to Rem’s query was something Garfiel also wished to know. ――Though, he thought that this situation was something Otto might have foreseen when he had made the decision to immediately flee the Royal Residence.

Reinhard: [Unfortunately, I did not get the opportunity to meet with them within the Castle. Merely, I am aware of the circumstances regarding their summons to the Castle. Likely, their persons are being detained.]

Rem: [Has anything violent been done to…]

Reinhard: [Not at present. At the very least, I can declare that the royal soldiers would not engage in any such conduct. Both Emilia-sama and Ram-san are also unlikely to make any decisions that would carelessly cause a disturbance.]

Rem: [――Is… that so. For your act of so kindly providing an answer, you have my thanks.]

Even after giving information that served to reassure Garfiel and the rest, Rem did not forget to spike her addendum with spite, causing Reinhard to close a single eye.

However, what Otto had spoken earlier was the truth. More important than his sentiments, were his actions.

Otto: [Reinhard-san, this situation is obviously a setup. The suspicions towards Natsuki-san and Crusch-sama, moving to contain us members of Emilia-sama’s camp… Felt-sama will not be safe, either. And yet――]

Reinhard: [――I am the Sword Saint.]

Otto: [――――]

Reinhard: [Bearing the role of sword belonging to the Kingdom, I shall fulfill the duty with which I have been allotted. Once more, I warn you. I urge your surrender. Nothing bad will be done to you even if you are taken to the Royal Castle. I will also do everything I can to――]

Otto: [As you stand here right now, just how persuasive do you believe your words are?]

With his expression and voice uniform across the board, Reinhard called for their surrender, to which Otto thrust his resolute response.

That was the will of not only Otto, but shared collectively between the five of them, including Garfiel.

No matter how much Reinhard attempted to coax his words, he stood as though to block their path.

Reinhard: [――. It would seem that we cannot become friends after all.]

Otto: [Indeed. I had a feeling it would turn out this way.]

With that, the discussion between Otto and Reinhard, where each had attempted to change the other’s mind, had reached its terminus.

Oddly enough, both parties had synchronously arrived at the same conclusion: any further exchange of words would prove meaningless.

And as a matter of fact, Otto’s judgment had been right on the mark.

Given that Reinhard had caught up to them, the Royal Castle would have also been aware that Garfiel and the rest were present here. Their routes of escape would diminish the more pursuers were sent after them, and if it got to the point that even Marcos were to be sent into action, their prospects would only narrow even further.

Reinhard: [No other soldiers will be coming. An encirclement has been ordered, but the only one here is me.]

Rem: […And, may I ask as to why?]

Reinhard: [I wish to avoid meaningless casualties. I do not mean to downplay the proficiency of the soldiers, but neither do I intend to underestimate you all. Therein also lies the reason why I accepted this duty.]

Rem: [To prevent us from harming any of the soldiers, is it?]

Reinhard: [That, and to prevent any of you from getting hurt. For me, that is possible.]

In the stead of Otto, who had closed himself off from any further contact, Rem continued the interaction with Reinhard, prompting his answer. The moment that response was given, the sensation of goosebumps running across the world swept through the Royal Capital.

Reinhard’s will, his conviction, had been conveyed to an almost painful degree.

Though, however, as a matter of fact, such a thing, was out of the question.

Garfiel: [――Ya know, I kept myself shut up ‘n listenin’ thoroughly to all yer talk with Ottobro ‘n Rem, but there’s somethin’ you’re sayin’ that just don’t fuckin’ sit right with me, oi.]

Reinhard: [Doesn’t sit right?]

Cracking the knuckles of his fists, Garfiel donned his silver gauntlets on both of his arms. And as the Sword Saint’s gaze sharpened at that stance, Garfiel gnashed his fangs with an “Ahh”.

Reinhard’s intent in coming along to quell Garfiel and the others, he understood.

The consideration of wishing not to produce any unnecessary victims, was a notion Garfiel shared.

Even so, it rubbed him the wrong way.

That was because――,

Garfiel: [For someone sayin’ y’ain’t gonna underestimate us, ain’t’cha failin’ to consider somethin’? ――THAT RIGHT HERE! RIGHT NOW! MY AMAZIN’ SELF! IS GONNA KICK YER FUCKIN’ ASS!!!]

In that instant, Garfiel roared as he stepped forth onto the street, launching himself at Reinhard.

Watching as Garfiel took that first step, that which flashed through Reinhard’s eyes was neither the hue of surprise nor vigilance.

Reinhard: [――――]

What had flashed through was the hue of anguish, coming to terms with Garfiel’s decision.

A pitiful gaze, upon a person who had clearly made the wrong decision, as if having witnessed a child who, rather than apologizing to their parents upon shattering a vase, took instead to interring the shards of the vase beneath the soil.

As that hue of sorrow resided amidst Reinhard’s eyes, Garfiel slammed his fist into him.

In the past, when Garfiel had first encountered Reinhard, he had been so overwhelmed by his presence that he had launched an attack on conditioned reflex; their current clash took on the same form as that initial encounter in Pristella.

As Garfiel’s strike swung downward, Reinhard held his right arm overhead. Catching the mighty fist with his five fingers, opened wide, he would easily brush it aside――,

Reinhard: [――Hk!?]

――No such thing occurred.

Garfiel: [ORAHHHHHH――!!!]

Howling, Garfiel’s body pulsed with vigor, forcibly rejecting the redirection of his strength. As Reinhard received that directly with his arm, the impact exploded, shredding the sleeve of the Sword Saint’s white garb while the undeflected energy caused the ground beneath him to fissure in the pattern of a spider’s web.

Then, to Reinhard, marveling at the strike that had far surpassed his imagination, Garfiel laughed a “Hah!” in a manner which flashed his bared fangs,

Garfiel: [Don’t’cha go thinkin’ that everyone other than ya’s just gonna keep trudgin’ around forever!!]

Extending both of his folded knees in a dropkick, he drove his legs directly into the center of Reinhard, at the intersection of his two arms, the resulting shockwave ferociously ravaging this corner of the Royal Capital.

――At the commencement of that battle, he felt as if he could hear the world clapping its hands in joyous applause.

△▼△▼△▼△

Clenching her small fists, Petra kept an attentive gaze over the battle that had begun to unfold.

Garfiel’s thunderous onslaught as he howled was the epitome of bestial fury itself; a ferociousness that turned his arms, legs, claws, and fangs, every single part of his body, into weapons aiming to sink into his opponent’s windpipe.

Against that overwhelming salvo of blows from Garfiel, nearly impossible to follow with the naked eye, Reinhard, in opposition to him, was able to ward off the vast majority of it through evasion and his single arm held aloft. ――And yet, that which he had warded off had merely been the vast majority; the remainder that could not be completely evaded was able to reach his exterior.

Petra: [Garf-san, that’s amazing… You’re able to put up a fight…]

What unintentionally spilled forth from Petra’s lips was commendation for Garfiel, fighting furiously.

Petra was also a subject of the Kingdom, and tales of the exceptionality of the Sword Saint Reinhard had reached her ears ever since she had been a mere village girl. In fact, within the Kingdom, he was a presence so renowned that even if someone were to be clueless about the name of the King, they would still know the name of Sword Saint Reinhard.

Once, when the Sword Saint was even younger than Petra was now, there had been a plot by the three other Great Countries besides Lugunica to attempt to simultaneously infiltrate the Kingdom. His achievement in singlehandedly crushing their ambitions had filled the hearts of many of the Kingdom’s citizens with hope, driving home the grandeur of the current generation Sword Saint into the populace.

Even in Petra’s hometown of Arlam Village, all the boys longed to be such a Sword Saint, and as a daydreaming girl herself, it was not as if Petra had never envisioned a romantic Cinderella story. ――But then again, as far as Petra was concerned, her prince was completely different from the Sword Saint, spoken of in rumors with innumerable flowery words; instead, he had been just a most charming boy.

In any case, for Petra, whose loose connection to such a living legend as the Sword Saint Reinhard came by way of belonging to an opposing camp in the Royal Selection, the sheer absurdity of the man himself exceeded all imagination. Compared to the genuine article, the contents of the rumors she had heard were reduced to naught but the product of the base fantasies of children. ――During their journey back from the Pleiades Watchtower, Petra had witnessed the real thing, experiencing that truth firsthand.

Thus, with amazement at Garfiel’s feat of going toe-to-toe with such an extraordinary entity, Petra felt a wave of awe and even a sense of pride, ill-timed given the situation.

???: [ Kgh , no one will listen to me… Hk.]

Gritting his teeth was Otto, distributing his focus across their entire surroundings.

Even as he kept an eye on the battle between Garfiel and Reinhard, Otto was frantically utilizing his Divine Protection of the Soul of Language to search for any means to break out of this situation.

However, his muttering indicated a dearth of creatures he could turn to―― fundamentally, the reality was that that groundwork of his to prepare reliable collaborators, or rather, reliable collaborating beings, no matter where they were, had ended in failure.

In the first place, the reason Reinhard had even caught up with them here was, as Otto put it, because “the insects had deceived him”. Yet, it was hard to believe that the insects had maliciously done so and led him into a trap.

In other words, there was something. ――Their adversaries possessed a means of subjugating the insects with a compelling force equal to, or perhaps even greater than, Otto’s own.

And that was――,

Petra: [――Like Meili-chan’s Divine Protection.]

Catching Meili in the corner of her eye, huddled so close to her that their shoulders were pressed together, Petra made a conjecture as to the trick used by the opponent who had outwitted Otto.

Otto’s Divine Protection of the Soul of Language had proven useful in a diverse variety of scenarios and applications, but that spoke less to the efficacy of the Divine Protection than to Otto’s competency in utilizing it.

The Divine Protection of the Soul of Language merely allowed him to communicate with any living creature, nothing more; whether he could actually secure their cooperation was entirely dependent on the fruits of Otto’s own talents for negotiation and coordination.

Until now, they all had relied entirely upon Otto’s personal talent in that aspect.

But supposing there was an enemy who possessed a method to force creatures into submission without question, much like how Meili controlled her Witchbeasts, then that advantage would easily crumble.

Meili: [Petra-chan, if it comes down to i~t…]

Petra: [――Absolutely not.]

Right beside her, Petra sharply cut off the words Meili tried to whisper.

Unable to rely upon the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language, what Meili had tried to propose was a way to shift the tides―― in short, to rely upon Meili’s Divine Protection. However, while that was certainly a move that would allow them to alter their situation, at the same time, it was far too sharp a double-edged sword.

Petra: [Meili-chan, if you summon a Witchbeast, there’s no turning back. Subaru, the villain from the Witch Cult, will be allied with Meili-chan, the Witchbeast Master. Emilia-neesama will also be a Witch… connected to the Witch of Envy, that’s what they’ll all think.]

Meili: [Bu~t, even the Sword Saint-oniisan is already here, you kno~w? The people in the Castle must have long since…]

Petra: [No, that’s not it. The ones who mustn’t see us that way aren’t the people in the Castle, but the people of the Royal Capital… of the Kingdom.]

Meili: [――――]

Petra: [Just like we believe in Subaru, the people he and Emilia-neesama have saved are bound to realize something is wrong with all of this. We have to make sure we keep that possibility alive.]

While it was indeed true that this present moment was a critical situation, if they resorted to any means necessary just to survive the present, they would just be handing their opponent more cards to play against them.

That was why, even when fleeing the Royal Residence, they had not relied on brute force from Garfiel or Rem to smash their way through.

The more Petra and the others―― no, the more the Emilia Camp proved how dangerous they could be, the worse things would get for Subaru, on the run, and Emilia, at the Castle.

That was something they had to avoid at all costs.

Meili: […How frustra~ting.]

As the weight of Petra’s words sank in, Meili bit her lip in vexation. Perched atop Meili’s head, the little Crimson Scorpion clacked its pincers, as if in agreement with those feelings of hers.

To possess power, yet be forbidden from wielding it. It was a different sense of helplessness than Petra’s, and the bitter taste of vexation she chewed on was likely entirely different as well.

Petra: [I have to watch.]

She had not experienced the anguish that resulted from having a Divine Protection like Meili or Otto. It was for that very reason that, by eliminating all superfluous options that came to mind, Petra could concentrate entirely on a single solution.

What she could even do, she could not say just yet. However, she single-mindedly focused her awareness, so that she would not miss it when that “something” happened.

For that was the manifestation of Petra Leyte’s resolve to stand against the Sword Saint.

△▼△▼△▼△

Vision narrow, sound distant, olfaction sharp, pain heightened, palate faintly bloody; the singular life known as Garfiel blazed in incandescence, ego lost in a state of pinnacle focus.

Surpassing all of his opponent’s expectations, he had taken a near-perfect starting dash in the commencement of their bout.

Garfiel’s stout arms, ferocious legs, and beastly claws berserked freely as per his will, successfully forcing a purely defensive stance upon the one standing to his fore, Reinhard.

That was a feat of combat incomparable to the time he had gotten the opportunity to test his strength against Reinhard in a contest at Pristella, resulting in him suffering a complete and utter defeat, as if he were a literal baby unable to do even a single thing.

Garfiel: [Back then, I couldn’t even move ya off the gravel in the courtyard, yet…]

Reinhard: [――Hk.]

Garfiel: [This time, that ain’t how it’s gonna go!!]

Winding his arms back behind him before thrusting them forth, the entirety of his might was channeled into a single blow towards Reinhard’s chest. In response, Reinhard pulled up the Dragon Sword from his waist, and caught the blow with its solid scabbard. But, unable to disperse the entirety of the impact, his feet lifted off the ground, sending him a large step back.

Through a series of mighty strikes, he had displaced Reinhard from where he had once stood. ――For Garfiel, who had been made aware of their gulf in strength on that day, this was a decoration of the highest honor.

Perhaps Reinhard had also realized that keenly, as the Sword Saint raised his visage with a faint stiffness in his cheeks,

Reinhard: [Your skills――]

Garfiel: [Ya wanna fuckin’ say they’ve improved, do ya!?]

Reinhard: [Certainly, I was just about to say that.]

Commend was not something to be exchanged through words, rather, it was to be wrested by means none other than victory; with such sentiments, Garfiel stepped forth.

The fact that his blow had caused his opponent to move back, meant that Garfiel’s combat power had been delivered unto Reinhard as something beyond a mere gentle breeze. ――Of course, Garfiel would not mistake the good fight he put up as evidence that he had surpassed Reinhard in strength.

Garfiel: [――It pisses me off, tho’.]

Reinhard stood in their way as their pursuer, and yet it was plain to see that he did not find it by any means pleasant to oppose Garfiel and the others, and by proxy, Subaru and Emilia.

Reinhard was doing nothing more than acting as the Sword Saint, abiding by the orders delivered unto him by the Royal Castle. Moreover, in order to avert casualties, he had enforced that no other soldiers be brought along―― personally sealing his own destructive combat ability, he currently stood in conflict against Garfiel.

In proper terms, Garfiel was in his strongest state borne out of willpower and physical strength, while Reinhard, with motivation at its lowest, had constrained himself to his weakest state with considerations for potential harm to the surroundings.

That was precisely why, this could be described as a miraculous leveling of the field induced in their combat.

Garfiel: [――Really, fuckin’ pisses me off.]

He wanted to win. Garfiel wanted to win.

Facing the powerful opponent against whom he had been unable to do a single thing previously, without permitting him the leeway to make even a single excuse, he wanted to rapidly carve out an absurd rate of development, and win.

He wanted Subaru to tell him “Just as I expected of you, Garfiel. I knew you’d win!”, and he wanted Otto to be impressed with him, “You truly helped out there, Garfiel.” He wanted to make Frederica admit “I am surprised, Garf. You are now well and truly an adult.”, and he would likely find it pleasant for Mimi to clamor “Yaha~! Garf, amazing! You’re super strong!!”, and he wanted Ram to praise him “Hah, not bad, Garf.” He wanted, to have everyone smile.

――Devouring the avaricious heart coveting victory within his own self, for the sake of this revenge match against the Sword Saint where not a single thing was fair, in this moment, he ignited his very soul.

Garfiel: [――ROAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR!!]

Up, down, left, right, front, back, over, under, heaven, earth: in all directions Garfiel surged as he leaped around, but with the four, eight vectors of his omnidirectional assault insufficient against the steadfast Reinhard, Garfiel launched a furious onslaught transcending the realm of all directions, firing on all cylinders with sixteen, thirty-two vectors of assault leaving nary a gap for a mouse to slip through.

The thundering report of his barrage of fists was faster, weightier, grander, far more unceasing than even the rhythmic beating of drums, seeking to pulverize, sunder, and ravage the tranquility of the Royal Capital.

But, that was only natural. An inevitability. Destiny.

The tranquility of the Royal Capital present here, was but a lie. A falsehood. Papier-mâché.

Underneath this, in the background, in the shadows, Subaru, Emilia, and all the rest of them, were under threat.

To Reinhard, who stood in their way in the form of that outrageous threat――,

Garfiel: [I’M GONNA FUCKIN’ CRUSH YAAAAA――!!!]

All of his might he channeled into a right hook, and the moment Reinhard caught the blow with his upraised scabbard, Garfiel pivoted the knee of the left leg he had lightly raised up―― and firmly tread upon the ground.

That instant, the power of the land that had yet to be enacted even once amidst Garfiel’s furious onslaught until now―― the energy amassed as the fruit borne of his Divine Protection of Earth Spirits, surged forth all at once.

――Until now, while Garfiel had been hammering in attacks bearing his whole strength with no end in sight, not one time had he diverted his Divine Protection of Earth Spirits to an offensive in order to shake Reinhard’s footing.

Doggedly, he had utilized the effect of his Divine Protection for the sole end of reinforcing his own body, retaining it as a trump card.

All had been for this moment, this gambit of launching Reinhard into the air from where he stood.

If one’s body was launched up into the air, the only way to come back down would be through a free fall, even for Reinhard. While airborne, holding one’s ground would be rendered impossible, and so it would be possible for Garfiel to either deal damage by means of a follow-up attack, or to fully commit to an escape.

Ergo――,

Garfiel: [THIS IS ITTTTTTTTT――]

Reinhard: [――Truly, your skills have improved.]

The energy swelling up directly beneath him, Reinhard trampled underfoot.

Reinhard: [――――]

In that moment, just before it could erupt, the energy lost its destination, expanding radially outward below the soles of Reinhard’s feet. As that power was left to run rampant, it fissured the road, upheaving it, rupturing a corner of the Royal Capital. One after another, many of the buildings in the environs of the battlefield were enveloped by the explosive energy, and came crumbling down.

At that sight, Garfiel widened his emerald-green eyes――,

Reinhard: [All residents of the area have been evacuated. ――You need not worry.]

In a flash, a combination of light and impact dashed from edge to edge of his vision, piercing Garfiel’s body obliquely, slamming his upper body down into the ground by his head.

Crying out a “ Kah ” in pain, as if to reproduce the fissures from when his attempted protrusion of the ground had been trampled underfoot just prior, cracks far larger and deeper were created in the street, birthing there a semi-circular crater.

In the Empire, Garfiel had even resisted a blow from the Cloud Dragon square-on. Of course, he had not escaped unscathed, but he had managed to withstand it nonetheless. ――But this toughness, he could not endure.

G?rf?el: [―― Agh .]

All the bones in his body creaked, his flesh screamed out in pain, and it was made clear to him that all his organs had opted for silence.

Faced with a level of might beyond rationality, a panic arose in his body, as if attempting to convey taste to his vision, pain to his hearing, color to his olfaction, sound to his taste, and smell to his touch, he could not make sense of a single thing.

Was it painful? Was it bitter? Did it smell rusty? Was it noisy? What had happened? He could make sense of nothing.

A strike so lethal that all such things became unclear to him, he had suffered. He had suffered it. He had suffered it, he had suffered it, he had suffered it, suffered it, suffered it, suffered it, suffered it, suffered it, suffered it, suffered it suffered it suffered it it it it――.

Re?????d: [――Hk.]

His consciousness was scrambled around, torn apart, and on the verge of dispersing to dust. However, even in such a state, he could sense that someone had swallowed their breath in his immediate proximity.

Having swallowed his breath, and staring with eyes widened, was the man of red. The blue-eyed man. The opponent whom he needed to stop. ――That opponent’s right arm, which had executed the karate chop, he held it down with both of his own arms, and refused to let go.

He had decided… that he would at least… do this… and so… he did it. He had done it. He had to.

???????: [ AhhhORAHHohgRAOHHHH …!]

Red: [Garfiel, you are――]

Wringing out all of the air within his heart―― heart? Stomach? Which one stored the air? Either was fine. Anyhow, even if it meant completely emptying out his air bag, he roared. Roaring filled him with more strength. If he had strength, he could end things without releasing this arm.

If he could end things without releasing it, that would――,

????: [Uwahhhhh――!!]

――Without letting the opportunity slip, the green “something” he trusted fully leaped into action.

Red: [――――]

With his arm being held tight, the red man took notice of the voice, and faced forward. Thereupon, as the green “something” charged in without concern over its appearance, the red man’s eyes filled with caution.

What it would do next was unreadable. What tactic it would employ was unclear. What it intended to enact could not be guessed. In the meanwhile, the distance between green and red closed, closed, closed, closing―― without anything having happened, the distance between green and red arrived at zero.

Red: [Do not tell me, it is nothing at all?]

Green: [That is the best way to invite your caution, is it not…?]

With one of its arms sealed, red swung its other arm, grazing green by the chin.

Having charged straight in without bringing anything, green basked in that blow, and thereby, without any means of resisting, was robbed of its ability to take action. And, upon collapsing, it muttered.

Green: [――Now.]

Those lips seemed to produce a sound bereft of sound, or perhaps not.

All manner of phenomena, present outside the realm of his comprehension, while taking that which merely flowed from right to left in as information, Garfiel―― right, he was Garfiel. As his brain, once again recognizing his own self as Garfiel, took all of that in, he processed the information.

Red was there, green had collapsed, and Garfiel was present.

And thereupon――,

?????: [Together now!]

?????: [Crimson Scorpion-cha~n!]

Two streaks of white light shot through the sky, tracing the firing line that had opened upon green’s collapse, charging in a mad dash directly towards red.

Devoid of sound that resembled any notion of sound, twin streaks of light closed in on red faster than any arrow―― on red, which still had its right arm sealed, and had just performed a full swing with its left.

Red: [I’m surprised.]

However, utilizing the elbow of the left arm that had felled green, red flicked the sword in the white scabbard hanging by its waist up, by half a revolution, perfectly parrying the lights from the side.

Repelling the lights with a sound akin to splashing water, the assault that ought to have reached red, Reinhard―― the combined offensive of Petra and Meili was, therefore, thwarted.

Garfiel’s all-out gambit, Otto’s sacrificial play, Petra and Meili’s surprise attack, all had failed to reach Reinhard――,

???: [――――]

――A spiked ball of iron, ferociously revolving, pummeled straight into Reinhard’s core.

△▼△▼△▼△

Holding her breath, in order to pour all her body and all her soul into just a single instant, Rem forbade herself from any futility whatsoever.

Clearing her mind of various thoughts so as not to lose focus on her goal due to excessive enthusiasm, or through agitation and wavering emotions that could diminish her strength, she embedded literally everything she had into that single throw.

Garfiel had challenged him, Otto had tricked him, and Petra and Meili had seized the opportunity.

Yet even so, in order to overcome Reinhard, an overwhelming wall that could not be breached, it was absolutely necessary to use even the humiliation of being treated as a noncombatant as a weapon.

Swallowing all those psychological factors, Rem poured the entirety of her strength into that single throw.

Rem: [HAAAAAA――!]

As the timbre of the chain that extended straight ahead rang out, the spiked iron ball―― the Morningstar bludgeoned the air as it soared through the sky, closing in on Reinhard’s torso.

Naturally, if a deadly weapon of such weight and hardness scored a direct hit, a human body would not escape unscathed. Even so, Rem cast aside any hesitation, trusting in the exceptionality of her opponent.

Even supposing his head were to receive that blow from behind under perfect circumstances, Reinhard would never lose his life; such was her reverence and trust towards the opponent on a completely different level.

The black ball of iron containing those feelings was drawn in toward the center of Reinhard’s chest――,

Rem: [――Hk!?]

The instant she thought it would hit, Rem was struck by an impact so violent it nearly dislocated her right shoulder.

Rem: [What just――]

Happened? Within Rem’s vision as her eyes widened, Reinhard, who ought to have taken a direct hit from the iron ball, had raised his long leg high up in the air. ――No, that was wrong. The leg had been kicked up.

Following the tip of his foot extending to the heavens, the Morningstar Rem had unleashed had been deflected, blown away into the sky faster than the eye could follow in a single kick. The impact of the chain snapping taut had traveled all the way to Rem’s body, nearly devastating her shoulder.

Rem: [―― ah .]

Before the pain could tear through her flesh, it was her mind, having comprehended that reality, that felt like it would be torn asunder first.

She had failed. Even though Garfiel had exhausted his strength to the point of death, Otto had deliberately feigned having no plan, and Petra and Meili had served as a distraction, all to open a path for Rem, their winning hand.

That had been the only chance for all five of them there to work together as one, and it had――,

Rem: [It didn’t reach――]

???: [――No, it shall reach.]

――In that instant, that which drowned out her lament, had been the voice of a man unknown to Rem’s ears.

Rem: [――――]

The breath of all present was taken away, as they turned in the direction of the voice that had struck them like a surprise attack. ――The owner of that voice was a white-haired man in a butler uniform, grasping twin swords gleaming with silver light in both hands.

With an immeasurable aura of swordsmanship cascading from his entire body, the man spoke.

???: [For the sake of the only means to save my lord, I, the Sword Demon, Wilhelm Trias―― shall render my assistance.]

So he declared.

△▼△▼△▼△

Directly following the delivery of that introduction, the split-second combat that commenced decided everything.

Reinhard: [――Honored Grandfather.]

The moment his mutter sublimed of shock and sorrow spilled, what Reinhard’s entrembling eyes reflected was but a body forthleaning, the Sword Demon―― Wilhelm, barreling forth as if a bullet from a chamber.

The street, fragmentalized and upheaved, responded to the other party’s kick with a force equal and opposite, launching Wilhelm forth to offset his distance from Reinhard in the blink of an eye, readied with a silver flash of the twin blades poised at his waist.

Prior to its unleashment, prior to its deliverance, he would take advantage of even the slightest of openings.

???: [Where th’ fuck d’ya think you’re lookin’, oi.]

Eyes bloodshot, Garfiel remained channeling his full strength for the purpose of holding down Reinhard’s right arm; and inducing a swell amidst the ground to which he clung with half his body, he commenced an offensive against Reinhard with the protruding road.

Formation poor and target indistinct, the haphazard assault was let loose, its scope and dimension expanding without rhyme or reason, as if aiming to simply hit anything at all. However, with a semicircular slash of his retracted left arm, Reinhard wrought devastation upon it. A shock wave birthed, and smithereens abounded.

Thereupon, Wilhelm’s oncoming slashes――,

???: [AHHHHHH――!!]

Brisker than even that, a loud cry erupted from Rem with a powerful downswing of her right arm. ――A horn veiled in a faint glow burgeoning from her forehead, the daughter of the Oni who had enabled herself to take action surpassing her physical limits, pulled tight on the iron ball previously kicked skyward, meteoring it down anew.

For Reinhard, whose attention had been stolen by the swell of the land and the encroaching Sword Demon, the onslaught from the mid-heavens, one which he ought to have already averted, would have come as the extremity of surprises.

However――,

Reinhard: [To think you are capable of going this far, all of you.]

Muttering so, Reinhard received the starfall of the iron ball with the Dragon Sword’s scabbard.

The sword removed from his waist to defend against Petra and Meili’s attack, kicking it up into the grip of the left hand with which he had prevented Garfiel’s protrusion of the ground, he parried the iron ball.

All the attacks till now, he had simply defended with his superhuman reflexes, exhibiting his aberrant combat ability.

However, even so, at long last,

Wilhelm: [REAAAAAAHHHHHHH――!!]

Alongside a rending battlecry that seemed to cleave the ground, the Sword Demon’s twin blades streaked forth as silver flashes.

Beyond compare to the many attacks that had targeted catching him off-guard until this point, what closed in on the Sword Saint was an assault of the blade imbued with the essence of a domain attainable only by those who had singlemindedly devoted themselves to the sword.

The Dragon Sword in his left grip was occupied receiving the iron ball, and his right arm was yet sealed by Garfiel. ――This time for certain, it appeared that he possessed no means of warding off that swordly shimmer.

――That was, so long as he did not brandish his right arm with Garfiel’s body altogether.

Garfiel: [――Ah . ]

With Garfiel still clinging to his arm, Reinhard intended to slash Wilhelm down. Having said that, if Garfiel were to release his arm, given that he had no means to go against this, Reinhard would simply intercept Wilhelm directly with a karate chop of his freed hand. Still, Garfiel being Reinhard’s blunt weapon would be more of an inconvenience.

However, if Garfiel were to collide against Wilhelm as a weapon here, this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity granted by the arrival of a reliable reinforcement would be lost――,

Garfiel: [――――]

That instant, Garfiel and Wilhelm crossed gazes, conversing through instinct.

Thus, as if telling him to bring it on, Garfiel accepted Wilhelm’s determination.

The firm resolve of the Sword Demon, its answer was――,

Reinhard: [――Don’t tell me.]

The answer presented in a form before his eyes, Reinhard’s visage was stained a hue of shock.

Wilhelm: [It is a bad habit of yours… of yours . To misapprehend, the extent of others’ resolve.] [1]

Gazing upon his astonishment, thus did Wilhelm proclaim, tranquil as the surface of a lake.

The light of the sword unleashed traced a crescent arc―― slicing through the flank of the upraised Garfiel, the blade cut across to inflict a deep gash upon Reinhard’s leg.

Garfiel: [ Finally, reached ya …!]

Certainly, rending flesh and severing bone―― their experience of fighting back-to-back in Pristella, now functioned to serve the wordless coordination between Garfiel and Wilhelm.

Per Reinhard’s intuition, were Garfiel to be wedged into the sword’s trajectory, Wilhelm would have forfeited his means of attack. However, the Sword Demon did no such thing, taking on the objective Garfiel and rest had to accomplish to matter what.

Ergo, placing faith in Garfiel’s resilience, he had slashed Reinhard along with Garfiel.

Reinhard: [――Hk.]

Sustaining a serious laceration to his leg, Reinhard held his breath, and Garfiel slipped off his arm.

With a hand over the wound on his flank, he activated healing magic on the verge of his consciousness slipping. Even while feeling a peculiar sense of impairment at that invocation, he poured the entirety of his strength into first aid treatment.

Wilhelm: [You did magnificently.]

Thereupon, before Garfiel could fall to the ground, Wilhelm caught his body with an outstretched arm. At a glance, it was clear that Wilhelm had already returned both his twin swords to their sheaths, and in the arm opposite to the one carrying Garfiel, the collapsed Otto was present.

Bearing the two of them, Wilhelm turned his gaze over to Reinhard,

Wilhelm: [Even for you, that wound is not something you can heal in an instant.]

Reinhard: [Honored Grandfather, please wait! They are, Crusch-sama is――]

Wilhelm: [To the Kingdom of today, my sword cannot be lent.]

Reinhard: [――Hk!]

Responding so to the voice attempting to halt him, Wilhelm took a great leap backwards.

Thus left by his lonesome, Reinhard widened his eyes, but just as Wilhelm had pointed out, with his leg having suffered a deep laceration, even he would not be able to move immediately.

Wilhelm: [Awakened Rem-dono! The girls!]

Rem: [Yes! Unfamiliar old man!]

Meanwhile, in response to Wilhelm’s call to action, Rem adroitly pivoted her body and rushed over to Petra and Meili, snatching up their bodies as they cried “Kyah!” in surprise.

With a sidelong glance to that, Otto slightly stirred while being carried by Wilhelm,

Otto: [Please, follow the wall, and head west…!]

Rem: [Otto-san! Are you ali――]

Otto: [I am alive…! On the western side, there are no signs or voices of the insects. ――There is no way to be deceived.]

Rem: [――Understood.]

Presuming that his Divine Protection of the Soul of Language was being used against him, Otto took the measure of deliberately taking a direction where there were no voices of living creatures in order to avoid a surprise attack.

Following his directions, Wilhelm and Rem nodded to each other, breaking out into a sprint right away as they plotted to escape, leaving Reinhard behind at the battlefield.

Reinhard: [――――]

Violently swaying in the Sword Demon’s arm, Garfiel somehow managed to turn his head and look at Reinhard, left behind in this corner of the Royal Capital which had been rendered completely unrecognizable in a short timespan.

He did have his reservations on the matter. It was not as though he hated Reinhard either.

Merely, since he had become the chosen obstacle running counter to them here, the fact that they had nevertheless managed to somehow overcome him, brought a certain relief and sense of accomplishment――,

Reinhard: [――Even so, I am the sword of the Kingdom.]

At that moment, Garfiel felt as the world had its breath taken away.

It was not that it had paused its breathing, its breath had been taken away. ――After all, alongside the faint rumbling of the atmosphere, the legendary blade of Dragon Sword Reid gleamed in its cold pallid-blue radiance.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Dragon Sword Reid.

A blade counted among the Enchanted Swords and Holy Swords of this world, of which there existed no greater than ten, whose wielding was sanctioned solely to the Sword Saint of the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica, a sword of legend passed through generations.

Whilst many a rumor proliferated about the leviathan might it concealed within, it was a blade veiled in a rather nebulous history, for its nature as a sword that decided for itself when it was to be drawn inevitably caused the occasions of its actual usage to remain predominantly unascertained.

In actual fact, opportunities for the Dragon Sword to be utilized declined precipitously even further once it was bequeathed to the hands of Reinhard van Astrea, the Sword Saint of the current generation, with the episodes of its blade being drawn with certainty being scarce enough as to be counted on the fingers of a singular hand.

That was to say, the nonpareil ability of its bearer, Reinhard, was the reason as to which his opponents were vitiated to ones the Dragon Sword needed not be drawn against.

In truth, amidst the preponderant amount of settings wherein Reinhard labored as the Sword Saint, the leviathan might of the Dragon Sword Reid was never necessitated.

Consequently, the Dragon Sword Reid had been appraised by Natsuki Subaru as “Wouldn’t it be better to swing it around like an absolutely indestructible blunt weapon?”, engraving a bitter smile onto Reinhard.

However――,

Dragon Sword: [――――]

On the seldom occasion that the Dragon Sword’s blade was laid bare, the world would acknowledge it as a singular instance of momentous import.

The conditions for the Dragon Sword Reid to be drawn, for those apprised with Lugunica’s ancient history, and even for the lineage of Sword Saints who had been its bearers for generations, were laden with mysteries. Was it their enemy’s strength, was it the weight of the responsibility they were saddled with, was it the onslaught posed by the peril confronting them; none corresponded as the right answer.

Although if there were a solitary fact to be stated with certainty, in all the times the Dragon Sword Reid had been unsheathed, never had it failed to fulfill its purpose.

???: [――――]

A shudder ran through mind and body alike, afflicted by a swordly aura as though the entire being was inundated in a glaciating wave.

Cannot. Cannot. Cannot. Cannot. Cannot. Cannot. Cannot. Cannot. Cannot.

That thing, under any circumstances, cannot be allowed to swing.

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

A sharp clink echoed with the chatter of Garfiel’s teeth, accompanied by the aged swordsman who wedged himself in between, clutching the former in his arms. The carried youth also peered toward Reinhard, though he would have been better off had he not done so, as he now bore witness to the unsheathed Dragon Sword, feeling all the hairs on his body arise on end.

Rem and the aged swordsman, both bereft of any margin to look back, must have surmised the magnitude of the radiating swordly aura with their backs, or rather, as it penetrated through their bodies entirely, with their very souls.

Yet, despite that, they remained earnest, they refused to cower in fright, and they endeavored to do what they must.

That, is honestly amazing. I can’t help but admire them.

I could never do something like that. Without any example to follow, how can they possibly be capable of that?

So, I’ll use them as my examples to follow, and do what must be done. ―― Though, they’re sure to get angry with me.

Do, what must be done.

Because I want to live up to them, following their example, they who are always living every moment of their lives with everything they’ve got ―― .

Meili: [――Come on out, Sand Earthworm-cha~ns!!]

The subsequent instant, without exaggeration, a seism of convulsing earth quaked the Royal Capital.

Petra: [Meili-chan!?]

Carried in Rem’s arms, Petra’s eyes had been searching for something with which to resist the Dragon Sword, but now they widened in terror as she watched Meili violate the warning she had been given.

Meeting Petra’s gaze, Meili stuck out her tongue with an “I’m sorry~”,

Meili: [I know it’ll also be trouble for Subaru-oniisan and Emilia-oneesan if I do this, bu~t… we can’t let it end here, can we~?]

Petra: [――Hk, stupid! You stupid stupid! Even though you were finally pardoned… hk!]

Meili: [A~h, Petra-chan, that’s what you’re…]

Meili came to an understanding of the teary-eyed Petra’s words, repeatedly reiterating stupid.

The fear that if Meili, the Witchbeast Master, were to summon Witchbeasts, it would only further the notion of the Emilia Camp being dangerous; that had only been part of the reason. The reason why Petra had truly wished to stop her was because she wanted to prevent Meili, who had been pardoned for her past of being a dangerous assassin in order to serve as a guide to the Pleiades Watchtower, from being perceived as a threat to the Kingdom ever again.

Meili: [It’s fi~ne… For just a short while, I got to see a dream, after a~ll.]

I thought that perhaps, my sins could be forgiven, and I could walk upon a path of decency.

In truth, I even thought of walking toward such a future alongside those who treated me so kindly.

That was enough, because my chest was blanketed with warmth, the same as it was when I was with that handful of an elder sister.

――I got to see this dream, after all.

Meili: [Sword Saint-oniisan, can you really chase u~s? I released four Sand Earthworm-chans at each of the Royal Capital’s main gates, north east south west a~ll of them, so e~veryone’s gotta be in a huge panic about no~w?]

Sand Earthworms that dwelled in the Augria Sand Dunes, of an order of enormity incomparable with the rest of their kind.

Having secretly given them an order to follow her, they were her trump cards who had been lurking deep underneath the Royal Capital’s surface; Meili now commanded them through the Divine Protection of Fiend Manipulation, intentionally flashily as to incite as much terror as possible.

Reinhard had to go, or there would be casualties. ――Meili’s heart would not particularly ache if that were to happen.

So long as the ones present here, as well as Subaru, Beatrice, and Emilia, all met no harm, it would be fine.

Other than the people who treasured her, the people whom she wished to treasure, then regardless of whoever else died, it would be fine.

Reinhard: [――Meili.]

Faraway, hands clutching the Dragon Sword, the lips of Reinhard moved so; she could tell.

Meili, too, had traveled together with Reinhard and Felt to the Pleiades Watchtower. A time they had shared together, a memory of being cared for.

But even so, it could never match up to Subaru and everyone else.

Meili: [I’m a bad girl, after a~ll.]

With a mocking smile, Meili gave a small wave of her hand to Reinhard.

Meili herself had failed to notice the droplets pregnant with warmth overflowing from the corners of her eyes, trailing down her cheeks. The only ones to have noticed them were the Sword Saint, proprietor of eyes that could clearly detect anything from any distance, and Petra, weeping for her friend’s determination while being carried away by the earnestly sprinting Rem.

Petra: [Meili-chan, stupid… hk. I’m sorry, I’m so sorry… hk.]

Against the weight of her friend’s titanic determination, the girl’s tearful apology fell futile.

At the end of that utterly titanic, gargantuan choice――,

Dragon Sword: [――――]

――For the first time since the Dragon Sword Reid had been bestowed unto the hands of Sword Saint Reinhard van Astrea, the blade reneged on the purpose for which it had been unsheathed, and returned to its scabbard.

Translation Notes:

[1] – Here, Wilhelm changes his manner of addressing Reinhard from the polite あなた ( anata ), to the impolite お前 ( omae ).

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

A big thank you to all our readers! If you are a reader who loves consuming Re: Zero through Witch Cult Translations, a survey is available to take. [LINK]

--- Chapter 19: An Enemy Far Too Great ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Just how much time had passed since they had started running?

Environs which forbade one from properly feeling the light of outside, and a vague duration of time spent bereft of consciousness. He sensed it had been anywhere from a few hours to half a day since the events had transpired.

Subaru: [Seems like we’ve miraculously thrown off the pursuers, though…]

Regulating his heavy breathing whilst wiping the sweat ambling down his chin, Subaru looked backward amidst the tepid stench to make sure there were no inaudible footsteps of any invisible pursuers.

Until a few moments prior, they had been under constant pursuit by a troupe of the Kingdom’s soldiers, allowing them not even the time to catch their breaths.

Their paths blocked, escape routes lost, the choices of either being caught or forcibly breaking through flickered within their heads incessantly, they made it out by a hair’s breadth at every turn――,

Subaru: [We got through it somehow thanks to that profusely massive earthquake… which reminds me, I don’t recall ever experiencing an earthquake since I came here, so what was up with that?]

Beatrice: [Betty was also astonished by that rumbling… but for now, it is a chance for us, in fact. Subaru, hold your arm out, I suppose. Betty will apply some healing magic to your burns, in fact.]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s a huge help.]

Saying so, Subaru lowered Beatrice to the ground after having carried her in his arms the whole time.

Beatrice opened and closed her palm as though to ascertain, after which she cloaked Subaru’s right arm―― the arm wrapped in a handkerchief in place of bandages, in a pale, healing light.

Feeling the dull, constant pain he had borne subside, he inadvertently let out a lengthy sigh.

Beatrice: [So you really had been grinning through the pain, I suppose. Wish you would’ve said so sooner if it was weighing on you, in fact.]

Subaru: [Nah, it seriously did slip my mind while we were rushing and I just forgot, I’m telling you. Right at the moment things settled down, the pain came back with a vengeance. H-Hurry up… and help meeee…!]

Beatrice: [Yes yes, a truly helpless child, I suppose. It’ll be over right away so don’t be a crybaby, in fact.]

Subaru: [Thank you, Beako Mama…! You must be stretched thin on Mana, right?]

Beatrice: [――. To be frank, there is none to spare, I suppose.]

Subaru: […Well, that makes sense.]

Subaru scratched his cheek with his other hand in response to Beatrice’s answer, as she treated his burns.

It was unavoidable; after all, they had given quite the lavish performance at Miklotov’s mansion. After the rapid-fire Yin Magic of Minya and Shamak, and chaining the use of EMT on top of that, with Subaru as her undependable external Mana tank, Beatrice must have been on the verge of running out of gas.

More and more, he felt the urge to lament his utter isekai inaptitude.

Subaru: [Though, I was in an excessively good state in the Empire… could it be that when my body was turned small, it was filled to the brim with way more hopes and dreams, or something like that?]

Beatrice: [That was an exceedingly unnatural state that distorted your Od, so Betty doesn’t have a particularly favorable impression of it, in fact. Don’t know how many human body experiments it would have taken to perform that, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Even though he’s no longer an enemy, and we’ve also long left the Empire, the looming darkness of Olbart-san, or I should say, of the shinobi, only continues to deepen…]

Most certainly, the task of kneading the Od, equivalent to something like a soul, into whatever shape one so desired did not seem like it would be possible without practice. If that were the case, then it would be concluded that not merely Olbart but the shinobi village had continued to practice kneading souls, conferring no falsities to the name Vicious Old Man.

Crusch: [――It would seem the soldiers were driven to respond to the rumbling from earlier. The vigilance melded into the wind has faded, and the tension has dissolved. It would be safe to say we have thrown them off for the moment.]

Then, entering the conversation whilst surveying the environs with sharpened eyes, it was Crusch.

Illuminating the sewers with the dim light of a lamp of lagmite ore, her amber iris unconcealed by the eyepatch kept narrow, she watched Subaru as his arm was being treated and fell silent.

For a moment, Subaru found her reaction dubious, but it immediately came to his mind that it must have been healing light―― for Crusch, it reminded her of something close, something arduous for her to forget.

Subaru: […I guess… it’s not something we can talk about right now.]

In all honesty, the situation was moving with the inordinate momentum of billowing waves.

Per Subaru’s perspective, since the stage he shared with Al at the Pleiades Watchtower, there had constantly been something happening one after another, giving him no time to repose his nerves. The entrance of the Church of the Divine Dragon, Crusch’s recovery, and the subsequent turmoil at Miklotov’s mansion leading him to now becoming the fugitive Natsuki Subaru, it had been rigorous.

――Even though in truth, he had just wanted to speak about Ferris’s dismissal upon meeting Crusch.

He wanted to verify with Crusch her reason and motive behind dismissing Ferris, somehow fumble together onto a point of compromise, and aid the two in mending their relationship in the aftermath of their strife.

Ferris would surely call it prideful meddling, but nevertheless he would pay it no heed.

Whom an onlooker would deem as an impatient, selfish man of pride, that was precisely who Natsuki Subaru was.

Crusch: [――To the both of you.]

Subaru: […Hm?]

Crusch: [To the both of you, I am grateful. For the fact that you ran after me, amidst a situation such as that.]

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru clamped his mouth shut upon what Crusch conveyed, the tone of her voice lowered.

Grateful , merely that one word, by his own mind, was far too modest a price for him to indeed feel this half day spent entirely on the run had been recompensed. But at the very least, had they chosen not to run after her back at that place, they could not have drawn these words from her.

Subaru: [But, I can’t just say “you’re welcome” so easily. My burns hurt, though you did shield me from Tiga, but it’s because of you that a fight even broke out in the first place, Crusch-san, and I’m definitely causing worry and trouble for Emilia-tan and everyone else, and my courageous Beako has steeled her resolve to live through four-hundred years of hell with me…]

Beatrice: [Subaru, Subaru, just because you haven’t sorted out your thoughts doesn’t mean you should be stroking Betty’s head around so impulsively and rashly, in fact. Betty’s adorableness will be spoiled, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Ah, my bad… you’re right! It’s been spoiled so much… I can’t even bear to look!]

Beatrice: [That’s impossible, in fact! Even if Betty’s hairdo is a mess, rather than clouding Betty’s cuteness , it will come to be the discovery of a new charm point , I suppose!]

With her hair disheveled by Subaru’s hand as he found himself with nothing better to do, Beatrice yelped in defeat, though not going so far as to interrupt his healing.

This usual exchange of theirs felt as though it slightly unravelled the anxiety that seemed to have congealed even his organs, a salvation. ――At the moment of Subaru’s such nonchalant relief.

Crusch: [Pfft.]

Subaru: [――! Crusch-san, did you laugh just now?]

A faint sound jolted the air, and Subaru unwittingly widened his eyes.

He looked to find Crusch standing by the sullied walls of the sewers, with a hand placed over her mouth. Upon receiving Subaru’s gaze, she supplemented a single word, “Apologies”,

Crusch: [Watching your exchange devoid of the present tension, I could not resist it. It was my immaturity.]

Subaru: [I can’t argue against you about all the anxiety, but it’s far better than feeling endlessly tense all the time. Besides, you’ve shown nothing but a scary face so far.]

Crusch: [A frightening face, you say. I suppose there is also the matter of my eye, after all.]

Subaru: [Nah, even with one of your eyes turned like that, Crusch-san, you’re nothing but a beauty.]

Crusch: [――――]

Beatrice: [Subaru…]

Subaru: [Huh!? The mood slightly worsened again!?]

With one hand over her eyepatch, Crusch narrowed her eyes, and as even Beatrice was appalled by him, Subaru flustered about. However, after a short sigh, Crusch slowly shook her head,

Crusch: [You are… no, both of you are truly strong.]

Subaru: [If you’re talking about me and Beako, then using the plural is correct. Without Beako, I’d just be another nobody among the riffraff. But you know…]

Crusch: [But?]

Subaru: […This strength, is something you also ought to have held, Crusch-san.]

Crusch pursed her lips upon Subaru’s reply.

Observing this, Subaru reflected upon his words as being intrusive. That he had compelled her expression, which had softened for a mere moment, to turn rigid once again.

As Subaru oscillated between what words to continue with, Beatrice tapped his arm.

Beatrice: [Here, all done, I suppose. It should not be critical for now, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Hm, I see, thanks… Hmm, it feels a bit tight, but not bad.]

Beatrice: [Leave the handkerchief as is, in fact. It might feel itchy, but since the skin may become gooey, we’ll leave it there to ensure you don’t accidentally start scratching, I suppose.]

Subaru: [That’s way too damn scary so I’ll bear it in mind. ――And, so.]

Offering twofold gratitude to Beatrice for her well-timed intermission, Subaru once again turned towards Crusch. The treatment of his arm had finished, and the pursuers had been thrown off for the moment. With all that, there were a copious number of matters he wished to discuss with her.

What he imperatively wished to verify first, was――,

Subaru: [Crusch-san, do you have any clues out of this situation?]

Crusch: [Clues, hm? I did, prior to things turning to this. However, it was slain to abandon by my own hand.]

Subaru: […Based on the way you’re phrasing it, could your clue maybe have been…]

Crusch: [That is correct. It was Miklotov McMahon, prior to his wicked conspiracy being uncovered.]

Subaru: [ Oh my god …]

As she indifferently nodded in assent, Subaru looked up towards the heavens whilst feeling his vision turn black, his gaze bouncing back from the not-particularly-tall soiled ceiling of the sewers.

It was the same for Subaru so he could not revile it much, but there were an exorbitant amount of impetuses by which one might consider relying on Miklotov for information pertaining to the Kingdom. The fact that even Crusch, having been placed into a difficult position as a Royal Candidate after the matter with the Church of the Divine Dragon, had arrived at the same reckoning, was a testament to Miklotov’s eminence.

However――,

Subaru: [ That’s the Miklotov-san who had been harboring a plot to overthrow the nation…?]

Crusch: [That is correct. ――Sir McMahon agreeably welcomed me upon my unscheduled visit. However, purporting to have a scheduled visitor he was expecting, he had kept me waiting in a separate room…]

Subaru: [A separate room. What about that?]

Crusch: [Whilst I was left in the guest room, I witnessed a suspicious wind pertaining both to myself, and to the visitor he would subsequently be welcoming in. Therefore, I attempted to go inquire of his intent, when the men in the mansion obstructed my path―― the rest is as the two of you already know.]

Subaru: [What we saw…]

A slain Miklotov, and the servants and guards who had collapsed just as they arrived at the mansion. Even with the chronology of how things had arrived at their executions elucidated to him once again, it was still an answer he could not easily assent to.

In the end, the problem was that Crusch’s basis of distrusting Miklotov was a suspicious wind―― namely, by virtue of the Divine Protection of Wind Reading that she possessed.

Subaru: [――――]

Albeit a matter of course, Subaru could not share the Divine Protection of Wind Reading into which she placed unconditional faith. Hence, beside his desire to trust Crusch, he was bereft of confidence.

And, that was――,

Subaru: [――The same as me, back then.]

Whilst conversing with Crusch, Subaru savored an emotion as though constricting his chest.

A perfect mirror image of a back and forth he had once exchanged with Crusch―― back when the Royal Selection had barely started, when Subaru’s vision had been beclouded by his hatred towards Petelgeuse Romanée-Conti, the Sin Archbishop of Sloth who inflicted annihilating destruction upon the Roswaal Mansion and Arlam Village; this situation was utterly identical to that time.

Subaru: [Back then, my blood was boiling, my eyes were clouded by the fact that nobody believed me, failing to listen even a little bit to what the people around me were saying…]

His distortion, fully corrupted by hatred and wrath, was seen through by Crusch, and she resolutely cast aside his foolishly frenzied stance. ――Now was a restaging of those positions, inverted.

Crusch’s present words and deeds were the same as Subaru’s when he had erupted with ire for not being understood, brandishing information gained by a method incomprehensible to others, named Return by Death.

Needless to say, Crusch’s conduct appeared to be more reasonable compared to the foolish Subaru of that time.

However, contrary to the powerless Subaru, Crusch had power and position alike.

Subaru: [――Yeah, I can’t.]

Beatrice: […Subaru?]

Subaru: [Now that I know she’s the same as me, I no longer have the option to abandon Crusch-san here. Whether I have to help her or stop her.]

Subaru bit his lip and tightly balled his fists, as Beatrice quietly watched from his side.

At that time, Crusch had been preparing for the behemoth undertaking of subjugating the White Whale. Yet, she continued to patiently face the ignorant, vapid, insolent Subaru. In the end, she lent her ears to Subaru’s words, and aided him with her power to help realize his ambitions.

Now, it was Subaru’s turn to do the same. ――To stand by her side if she was in the right, and to stop her if she had erred, even if it meant standing in her way. For that purpose.

Subaru: [Crusch-san, I am――]

Crusch: [――Pause, Natsuki Subaru.]

As he almost vocalized the determination he anchored, Crusch halted him.

However, Crusch’s looks were far too austere for him to think the wind had been taken out of her sails. She moved closer to Subaru and Beatrice, shielding them in her rear, her eye laser-focused on the murk of the sewers.

Subaru looked in the same direction as her vigilance, though nothing reflected in his eyes――,

Crusch: [――Somebody is there. Even if you conceal your breaths, your emotions mount onto the wind. My eyes shall not permit them escape.]

Subaru: [――! Didn’t we shake off the pursuing soldiers…]

Crusch: [It is likely a party bearing a separate motive from them. Allow me to warn you, remaining silent bears you no yield. Otherwise, I shall deem it as hostility――]

???: [――Wait wait wait! Don’t be so hasty! I get it! I get it, alright!]

Unsheathed before anyone could notice, her poniard in hand, it happened just as Crusch poised herself to stand on guard. Pressed by the swell of tension and vigilance in her tenor, a flustered voice responded from the darkness ahead of the channel.

Subsequent to his surprise for the veracity of Crusch’s eye, the voice itself caused Subaru to knit his eyebrows with a “Hm?”. ――A voice that he recalled.

Subaru: [That voice just now…]

???: [Shit! I’ll come over to you now! Got it? Don’t attack, okay? I ain’t trying to duke it out with you fucks at all!]

Crusch: [That depends on your next move. I shall inform you that I am unable to make any imprudent promises. Having said that, you are one and we are three, you are outnumbered――]

Subaru: [――Wait, are you… Chin?]

Crusch: [What?]

Keeping her guard up toward the shouting man, Crusch raised an eyebrow at Subaru’s question. Nestling up beside Subaru, Beatrice also quietly murmured, “Chin…”,

Beatrice: [Thinking back, that was the man we saw in Pristella, in fact.]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right. Right now, he’s being taken care of at Felt’s place…]

???: [――And it was that very Felt who told me to come here. Tsk, damn embarrassing.]

Clicking his tongue in displeasure, the man slowly emerged from the darkness with both hands raised.

And as soon as he did so, just as expected, it was the man with shihaku eyes even nastier than Subaru’s sanpaku ones―― Rachins, one of the three Tonchinkan back alley thugs who had, at some point, joined Felt’s camp.

Subaru: [Oh, Chin…! It’s always a refreshing surprise whenever you show up.]

Rachins: [Shaddup! I told you before that my name ain’t Chin! It’s Rachins!]

Beatrice: [Chin, I suppose.]

Rachins: [I’m telling you I ain’t Chin, you runt!]

Beatrice: [A daring Chin, in fact.]

Leaving aside Subaru, who was deeply moved by the face he had not seen in quite some time, Rachins and Beatrice engaged in a fruitless quarrel.

In fact, this was the first time he had seen Rachins since Pristella―― specifically, since they had been caught up together in Sirius’s violent display that served as the outset for the Witch Cult’s gathering of good-for-nothings. Of course, his safety had also been confirmed in the aftermath, but it was a great joy to see him so energetic like this.

Subaru: [Nah, it sure is great to run into a familiar face. I have so many things I wanna ask――]

Crusch: [Stop right there, Chin, or whatever your name may be. Unlike Natsuki Subaru, I know not of you.]

Subaru: [Crusch-san!?]

In contrast to Subaru’s instinctive joy upon reuniting with an old acquaintance, Crusch cast a sharp gaze towards Rachins with her poniard in hand, her vigilance not softening in the slightest.

Now that she had mentioned it, Rachins had not stayed at the Water Plumage Pavillion, and since he had withdrawn from the warfront after the initial encounter with Sirius, there was never an opportunity for him and Crusch to cross paths.

Crusch’s caution was justified, and just as he thought so――,

Rachins: [Ahhn? For you to say you don’t know me, you’re pretty damn heartless, ain’t you now, Duchess Karsten?]

Crusch: […What?]

Rachins: [Well, look, I ain’t in any position to talk freely with people of haughty high-class status like you, Duchess, but you would’ve been one of them who learned the sword from my old man. If you’re gonna say that you ain’t got a clue about that, then I guess my dad must not’ve done a very good job.]

Crusch: [――――]

And, as Rachins spoke with his long tongue hanging out, Crusch wore a perplexed expression. On the other hand, Subaru could not help but be dumbfounded by the stupidly bold nerve of Rachins.

Subaru: [Dude, no matter how reckless you are, just running your mouth like that is…]

Rachins: [I ain’t running my mouth…! Though I may look like this, I was born to that sorta household. And so, though I can count the number of times on a single hand, I’ve met the Duchess and her family before.]

Subaru: [Seriously? If you’re making this up, you’ve got a dangerously wild imagination, man…]

Nevertheless, when someone spoke with this much absolute confidence, it would inevitably start to sound like the truth, proving that the words and hearts of humans could never truly be relied upon.

With that in mind, Subaru nervously stole a glance at Crusch to glimpse her reaction,

Crusch: [――. ――――. ――――――――. By some possibility, are you the honored son of Rickert Hoffman-dono, esteemed for his noble service as the Royal Instructor?]

Rachins: [Hah! Hear that? Looks like I actually managed to stick in Duchess Karsten’s memory.]

Subaru: [For real!?]

Beatrice: [He seems to be for real, I suppose.]

Taking her ample time, Crusch produced the name of a single person as if scraping it out from the depths of her mind. And as Rachins affirmed her identification, Subaru and Beatrice reflexively exchanged glances.

To think that Rachins, of all people, was truly born of Lugunican nobility.

Subaru: [How did someone like that end up as a thug picking on the weak in back alleys?]

Rachins: [Shaddup! Everyone’s got their own circumstances, so don’t pry!]

Beatrice: [When it comes to circumstances, Betty and Subaru also have a great deal at the moment, in fact. It would seem that the reason you have made your way here, is not unrelated to those circumstances, I suppose.]

Rachins: [Ngh…!]

Subaru: [Yeah. It’s as Beako says… Crusch-san, you can put that down. You don’t need to worry about Chin over there, probably. You have my assurance.]

Crusch: [――. Any suspicious behavior, or if the wind so much as stirs, I shall cut him down.]

Rachins: [Behavior’s one thing, but how the hell do you expect me to take responsibility for the wind…!?]

Before Rachins, visibly trembling as he spoke, Crusch slowly lowered her poniard, and dissolved her vigilant posture. Though, with that said, she stopped short of returning the blade to its sheath, and she kept a firm watch over Rachins’s conduct with her single eye.

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [Once again, you did well to come here. How did you manage to track us down?]

Rachins: [It wasn’t any sorta impressive method. I wasn’t the only one searching for you fucks, either. Gaston and Camberley are also off roaming around to look in other places.]

Beatrice: [In that case, you merely happened to stumble upon the right answer, in fact? It truly wasn’t an impressive method, I suppose.]

Rachins: [Shaddup, damn runt. I found you in the end, so who cares? Ah, so then what? What’d you fucks do for shit to turn out like this?]

Subaru: [As for that, it’d be a long story if I were to get into it, and I’m not confident you’d be satisfied upon hearing it. So first of all, I’d like to hear from you. ――How are Emilia and the others?]

Knowing full well that it was rude, Subaru brushed Rachins’s question aside, and pressed him for answers.

After all, since escaping from Miklotov’s mansion, he had failed to get the chance to procure any actual information about what was happening in the outside world. With feelings of unease, worry, and irritability, Subaru’s inner heart was a complete mess.

Subaru: [The fact that we’re together here with Crusch ought to have reached the ears of Emilia and everyone else by now. And if so, they must be worried and troubled to death…]

A double whammy of the mental burden of worry, and the physical burden of being questioned by the Kingdom. With that, the camp would have been in a great kerfuffle. ――However, those expectations of Subaru’s were completely betrayed.

Utterly shattered, in a form he never could have imagined.

Rachins: [Ahh…]

Subaru:[――?]

After Rachins slightly widened his shihaku eyes at that inquiry, his face took on an uncharacteristic expression that seemed to be showing consideration for Subaru, and spoke.

That was――,

Rachins: [The half-elf from your place is being held captive at the Castle. What’s more, the other members of your camp have all fled and gone into hiding. ――Just like you, every last one of them is a wanted fugitive, you fuck.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Emilia’s detainment at the Royal Castle, and the flight of Rem, Otto, and the others from the Royal Residence.

It truly was bad news that felt as if heaven and earth had been overturned.

Repeatedly attempting to process the information Rachins had conveyed to him, his mind went in circles, round and round and round and round, in order to comprehend it all. By such means, he made every effort in order to somehow understand it.

He made every effort, but――,

Subaru: [Wh-why would they be…?]

Beatrice: […Indeed, Betty hadn’t predicted this either, in fact.]

Aghast with his face gone pale, Subaru muttered so, only to then notice the chattering of his teeth.

It appeared that events which were so far beyond one’s comprehension could suck even the heat right out of a person. It was to the point his blood had run cold throughout his body, conjuring a hallucination that even the extremities of his hands and feet were turning necrotic from frostbite.

Holding hands with Subaru as he found himself in such a state, Beatrice gently shared her warmth with him. Even so, his body did not stop shivering. ――The situation had become far worse than any superficial imagination of his.

Subaru: [It’s my… it’s my fault, that Emilia, that everyone else…]

Rachins: [Keh, I guess you’d wanna say some worthless shit like that, but quit acting like it’s on you, you fuck. Because no matter how you look at this situation, you’ve been set up.]

Subaru: [Eh?]

With a shrill ringing in his ears and while staggering due to vertigo, Subaru blinked in surprise. His arms crossed, Rachins clicked his tongue in irritation at Subaru’s reaction.

Just then, Rachins had said Subaru and everyone else had been “set up” as if it was completely natural.

Subaru: [When you say we’re being set up, what do you…]

Rachins: [It’s been one thing after another, without any breaks. On the whole, don’t you find it strange? Aren’t there way too many inconvenient things suddenly occurring all over the damn place?]

Looking like he wanted to sigh, Rachins shrugged at the dumbfounded Subaru.

In response to his way of putting it, in place of the lethargic Subaru, who seemed like some part of his brain had gone numb, Beatrice responded with,

Beatrice: [That would be both Betty and the others being pursued, as well as Emilia being imprisoned in the Castle… I suppose?]

Rachins: [――. That ain’t all though. The other fucks from your camp probably fled without even trying to talk it through because they realized that the enemy was going to have them killed.]

Subaru: [Killed… hk!?]

Rachins: [It’s a hypothetical, a hypothetical! In practice, they can’t just up and kill a Royal Candidate all of a sudden… That’s also why that tomboy was even able to send us away.]

As Subaru’s eyes shot wide open at the unsettling word that had been dropped, Rachins kicked the filthy wall in response.

And yet, thanks to Rachins quite patiently discussing it with him, contrary to his blunt attitude, Subaru’s ability to think had at last begun to recover bit by bit.

To sum it up――,

Subaru: [Someone is operating behind the scenes to make Emilia drop out of the Royal Selection. And so, my own actions were skillfully used to that end, causing Emilia to be apprehended and brought to the Castle. Otto and the others realized the intentions of the one plotting all of this, and escaped before they lost their own ability to move freely… something like that?]

Beatrice: [There is just one thing Betty would like to add to that, in fact. ――There is also the possibility that Emilia is not the only one being targeted by that scoundrel, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Not just Emilia?]

Rachins: [――――]

When Subaru, prompted by that being pointed out, raised his eyebrows, Beatrice nodded and pointed with her chin. Following that movement, he looked over and saw Rachins making a sullen look, poking the inside of his cheek with his tongue.

It was clearly the face of someone who had been hit in a sore spot――,

Subaru: […By any chance, Chin, was the reason you came here not just because Emilia and Felt are friends now?]

Rachins: [Shit, the damn runt noticed something unnecessary…]

Beatrice: [Betty’s role is to fill in the gaps where Subaru is lacking, in fact. Besides, saying “runt, runt” over and over again… do you want to be taught a lesson, I suppose, human?]

Rachins: [In that case, teach your master to call people by their actual fucking names!]

Raising his voice at Beatrice, with whom he seemed to possess a poor affinity, Rachins heaved a deep sigh. Then, after hesitating for a bit,

Rachins: […It ain’t just the half-elf from your fucking group who got captured at the Castle. It was Felt too. They dug up some dirt on her, and now that bastard Reinhard has also been prevented from acting freely.]

Subaru: [Reinhard has!? Also, Felt’s been detained too… in that case, what they’re targeting isn’t Emilia, but the Royal Selection itself!?]

Rachins: [So slow on the uptake. Anyway, Felt was suspicious of that, and so before she was hauled off to the Castle, she gave us orders, saying, “Go look for Nii-chan and the others. If you find him, don’t leave him alone.” Owing to that, I ended up stuck running all over through this damn gutter stench.]

It was understandable that Rachins had been reluctant to speak in the sense of it being a disadvantage for his camp, but having that information versus not having it entirely altered the underlying premise.

Without a doubt, Subaru had concluded that his own actions had only been used as a way to defame Emilia, but it appeared that the aims of this opponent were on an entirely different order of magnitude.

If Emilia and Felt, as well as Subaru and Reinhard, who were involved with them, and furthermore even each of their camps were all at risk of being drawn into this, it was absolutely no accident.

It was a clandestine operation aimed at the Royal Section that would send violent tremors throughout the Kingdom of Lugunica. And, Subaru had happened to previously hear a tale of such scale that was far too great.

Subaru: [Crusch-san, did you hear that!? What you said before…]

Raising his head enthusiastically, Subaru invited Crusch into the discussion that she had been keeping watch over.

Until Rachins had joined them, Subaru had been unable to place complete faith in the validity of Crusch’s statements, based on her Divine Protection of Wind Reading. However, the muddy torrent of information that he had just been showered with had been enough to confer a certain degree of credibility to those suspicions he had been unable to fully trust.

Perhaps the designs of Miklotov that had led to Crusch taking up her blade was also a part of this malice attempting to bring the Royal Selection to ruin.

However――,

Subaru: [Hey, Crusch-san?]

Finding her lack of response strange, Subaru looked at Crusch, and could not believe his own eyes. ――It was because Crusch, standing along the wall, was drowsily nodding off.

To start to fall asleep in the midst of a conversation while keeping vigilant, such a thing was an incongruent behavior provided the situation, and something uncharacteristic of Crusch.

As Subaru noticed this and spoke up, Crusch, looking back at him with clearly vacant eyes,

Crusch: […Apologies, a drowsiness has suddenly come over me. I suspect…. it is likely… the burden from my left eye…]

Subaru: [Burden… to begin with, since when have you had that eye?]

Crusch: [I leave… the rest to you… Subaru… sama…]

Subaru: [Hold on a sec!]

Perhaps reaching her limit there, he had thought her upper body was just swaying unsteadily, but then Crusch suddenly pitched forward and collapsed. As he hurriedly caught her, the poniard slipped from Crusch’s hand as her strength left her, making a high-pitched clatter upon the floor of the waterway.

And yet, the woman herself heeded not such sounds, and began to make the quiet noises of one breathing in their sleep.

Subaru: [Are you kidding me? In the middle of such an important conversation… she fell asleep!]

Rachins: [Oi, what’s going on with the Duchess? They’re saying all sorts of shit about her, like that she lost her Memories, that her body was ruined, and that her mind finally snapped.]

Subaru: [Haaah!? What the hell are you saying about Crusch-san!? I’ll punch your lights out, asshole!]

Rachins: [I ain’t the one saying all that! The hell’s up with you, you fuck!]

Beatrice: [Enough, in fact! Stop arguing over every little thing, I suppose! ――From the looks of things, she is merely sleeping, in fact. It seems like she exceeded the limit of her exhaustion, just as the girl said herself, I suppose.]

Interrupting Subaru and Rachins, Beatrice peered at Crusch’s sleeping face, making her judgment. The unconscious Crusch did not appear to be suffering in any particular way to Subaru’s eyes either; it just looked like a simply exhausted body demanding some deep sleep.

Nevertheless, as Beatrice had said, if this was what Crusch had stated to be a side effect of the Dragon Eye, then sure enough, perhaps that unnatural object was not something to be ignored.

In particular――,

Subaru: […The Sacrament of the Church of the Divine Dragon, and Tiga’s testimony. There’s no way they’re unrelated to the situation where Royal Candidates are being targeted.]

Putting it bluntly, the circumstances were such that it was impossible to think that these things were not related. And yet, paradoxically, that directly led to casting doubt on the organization known as the Church of the Divine Dragon.

The Church of the Divine Dragon was a religion deeply and strongly embedded within the Kingdom of Lugunica. Even if they were to assess them as a potential enemy, just to what extent ought they consider them so?

Given the circumstances, he had no choice but to suspect Tiga, but what of Sakura? ――Of Filóre?

Subaru: [If my worst fears prove to be true, I’d also feel down, but Emilia would really grieve…]

Even without that, Emilia was still detained at the Castle, not aware of whether Subaru and Beatrice were safe, much less Otto and the others.

In order to relieve even the slightest bit of the burden upon her heart, he must play it. The utmost advantageous move.

Resolved to do so, Subaru carried the body of the slumbering Crusch, holding her tightly. Meanwhile, he nodded to Beatrice, who had picked up the poniard and returned it to its sheath.

Subaru: [Rachins, we’re getting nowhere here. Since you went out of your way to come here, I imagine you’ve got somewhere in mind that’d be a little better for us to talk, yeah? Let’s go.]

Rachins: [I ain’t thrilled about you bossing me around, but I won’t pick a fight over every little thing… That said, I can’t guarantee that we’ll be able to deceive the eyes of those around us in the Royal Capital right now.]

Subaru: […Once again, I’m really starting to feel just how bad of a situation we’re in.]

Their enemy was scheming to utilize great, truly great power to entrap Subaru and everyone else.

Perhaps, the fact that he had been able to join up with Rachins here, as well as hear the current circumstances from him, was likely nothing short of a miraculous happening where the considerable force of coincidence had taken his side. Or perhaps calling it a miracle might have been an affront to Rachins, who had tracked them down on Felt’s orders.

In either case――,

Subaru: [I also want to let Crusch-san rest somewhere we can be more relaxed. If we can feel a little more at ease in both body and mind, we should be able to talk things through more properly. So――]

???: [――You would be in luck for that! Just now, this very moment, this very instant, I was absolutely dying to extend an invitation to the fugitives throwing the entire Royal Capital into chaos!]

Subaru: [――Wha!?]

In that instant, a voice that stuck out like a sore thumb echoed throughout the sewers, and Subaru, with Crusch upon his back, as well as Beatrice and Rachins, opened their eyes wide in shock and turned around.

The voice they heard was veiled amidst the darkness of the waterway, where the meager light of their lagmite ore did not reach. However, Rachins clicked his tongue “Tch!” in response to that, and threw something in that direction――,

???: [Oooh, let there be light, eh!? Kuhahahaha, truly thoughtful and attentive!]

A hard sound struck the floor of the sewers, and subsequently, a white light illuminated that darkness with dazzling brightness. What had been flung was the lagmite ore itself, emitting light upon impact.

Just as Rachins had intended in his split-second judgment, it exposed the form of the party embraced by the cover of darkness to the vision of Subaru and the others, who had swiveled to face it.

It was――,

Subaru: […A mask?]

???: [Oioioi, the first thing that comes to mind upon seeing me is just “a mask”? Well, that’s far too simply just how it looks, just what meets the eye, and not anything more, isn’t it? Ponder over it a bit more. Ardently, passionately choose your words, like seducing the woman of your dreams, you. Kuhahahahaha!]

The one who spoke thus, who then broke into a great fit of laughter that caused his body to shake, was a man―― and moreover, he could not glean anything beyond the fact that the individual was a tall man. The reason why was because that man was wearing a black costume that concealed his entire body, with his face covered by a clownlike mask.

The white clown mask faintly emerging from within the darkness only served to underscore the abnormality.

Those words and actions, that demeanor, and that vicious gaze directed through his mask; through their mere five-second long encounter, Subaru could immediately understand. ――This clown mask guy was no decent fellow.

As if to prove it――,

Masked Man: [Go ahead and die, all of you. The only one I have business with, is that woman sleeping over there!]

In an instant, a colossal gout of flames lit up the darkness of the sewers, incomparable to the light of the lagmite ore, and a severe wave of heat surged toward Subaru’s party.

--- Chapter 20: Sheep in the Mirror, Dog in the Mask ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Red.

That single color blanketed Subaru’s vision.

Subaru: [――Hk!]

The man in a clown mask who had suddenly appeared, a character whose affiliation and motives were entirely unknown; instead of proper greetings such as “Nice to meet you” or “Farewell”, he had opted to send an enormous fireball hurtling toward Subaru and the others.

The sensation of the surging heat scorched his skin, and the dimly lit sewer became as bright as broad daylight.

However, this had only resulted in arousing a certain despair, as it simply made the flames clearly visible as they expanded to a size that forbade any escape within the narrow waterway as they drew near.

With Crusch upon his back, Subaru was on the brink of running out of gas himself, having already used his daily limit of EMT and EMM, leaving him with no means by which to do anything about it――,

???: [Fucking shiiit!]

And then, he heard a voice, violently spat out, which was followed by a splashing sound that gave a sense of viscosity.

In the corner of his eye, Rachins, who ought to have been by his side, was nowhere to be found. Like Subaru, he had been alarmed by the arrival of Clown Mask and had reacted faster to the fiery onslaught than Subaru. ――Without hesitation, he dove headfirst into the sewage on the side of the passage, his sole path of escape.

???: [Subaru! Betty also thinks we should――]

Subaru: [No――]

Seeing that emergency judgment of Rachins’s, Beatrice clutched at the hem of Subaru’s tracksuit. She immediately attempted to pull Subaru into the sewage with all of her meager strength and light weight.

And yet, Subaru planted his feet and resisted that action from Beatrice. Beatrice’s voice cracked as she exclaimed “Subaru!?” in response to his unexpected actions, but,

Subaru: [Trust me, Beatrice.]

Beatrice: [――――]

Wide-eyed, Beatrice stared at Subaru in shock as he declared so. Their eyes met, and as her round eyes with their distinctive pattern upon them trembled, Beatrice held her breath.

And then, faster than she could say anything, the mass of flames closed in right before her eyes.

Standing still, Subaru and Beatrice, as well as Crusch upon his back; that overwhelming firepower mercilessly consumed them all―― or not.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

The flames closed in, their skin was torched, and the moisture across their entire bodies evaporated in a single instant. ――And then, as soon as the wave of heat, so hot it felt like it had done all of that, began to singe Subaru’s bangs, it vanished into thin air.

Like it had all been an illusion, the brightness of the sewers instantly fell, as if someone had concealed the sun before their very eyes. All that remained was the lamp in the hands of Subaru’s group, the faint light brought forth by the scrap of lagmite ore that had fallen upon the floor of the passage, and the air of the sewer that still held the scorching heat of the extinguished flames.

――No, what remained was not only that, but,

Clown Mask: [――Why?]

Subaru: [Huh…?]

Clown Mask: [Why? For what reason? Just now, from there, from that place… you didn’t move?]

The white mask of Clown Mask floated in the murky darkness.

Tilting his head, tilting his mask, it was as if Clown Mask was making a bewildered face―― actually, he had somehow replaced the truly villainous mask he had first appeared in without them noticing, affixing one with a different facial expression, a design that possessed X marks in place of eyes.

Though he found that poor prank to be aggravating, Subaru, blowing on his singed bangs,

Subaru: [You introduced yourself by saying you had business with Crusch-san. Thus, it would be odd for you to go and burn Crusch-san to death with the rest of us.]

Clown Mask: [――. Ku, kuku, kuhahahaha, that’s it? You’re saying that with only that, with no more than that, you stood your ground? Even though you could have easily gotten that Great Spirit partner of yours caught up in it!?]

Subaru: […But, I won the bet.]

Clown Mask: [Whaaat a confident bastard! As expected of a Royal Candidate’s one and only Knight! Until now, up to here, by trusting in your own decisiveness and insight like that, you have carved your path forward! It’s amazing and wonderful and I am in awe. I am utterly jealous!]

Contrary to his words lauding Subaru in a booming voice, Clown Mask said with his tone of voice that Subaru was entirely unworthy of such praise, as he gave a vigorous round of applause. As that loud applause that seemed to split the air echoed fruitlessly throughout the sewers, Subaru gritted his teeth, silently suffering the abuse wrapped up as praise from his opponent.

All of it was done to avoid pointlessly provoking his opponent, and yet――,

Beatrice: [That just now, was Subaru’s cleverness exceeding your expectations, in fact. What foolish behavior, pretending it didn’t happen and launching cheap jabs at another’s character, I suppose.]

In the place of Subaru, who had not given a retort, Beatrice snapped back at their opponent with a sharp look in her eyes. In response, Clown Mask said “Tahaaa!” as he put his hand to his head, and,

Clown Mask: [How commendable, how loving, Spirit and Contractor, fitting together like lock and key. One cannot carry on without the other. Thaaat is preciiisely whyyy! Bonds can be both a poison and a cuuure!]

Beatrice: [You’re someone who can’t be reasoned with, in fact… it’s the kind of loathsomeness that brings to mind the Sin Archbishops, I suppose.]

Clown Mask: [Wait, wait, wait, wait; give me a break, take it easy on me. There’s no need to call me a Sin Archbishop! I can’t stand being lumped in with that bunch, and in the first place, the one suspected of being so is you over there right?]

Subaru: [Suspected? Of what…?]

Clown Mask: [Of being a Sin Archbishop, that is! That rumor is the talk of the town up above, Natsuki Subaru. “He might be the Sin Archbishop of Sloth inside! What should we do, whatever shall we do?” they say, in a great panic.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Flapping and waving his hands about, Clown Mask mockingly informed him, changing his mask back to one with the original expression. His attitude was one that irritated him in every way, but Subaru lacked the leeway to mention it.

That was the extent to which being treated as Sin Archbishop was weighing heavily upon Subaru’s heart.

Subaru: [Me, a Sin Archbishop…?]

Beatrice: [There is a limit to how far you may go with your absurd malicious suspicions, in fact. If it were true, then how would you explain Subaru so thoroughly beating the Witch Cult until now, I suppose? Would you call that the internal violence of a power struggle, in fact?]

Clown Mask: [Weeell, I don’t know, I don’t fathom, and I don’t care! Perhaps no one is interested in something like the truth, maybe they simply wish to spread information convenient for them, staged in a way they like, so that they can take advantage of it. Those kinds of bastards… really just piss you off, yeah?]

In the midst of speaking, Clown Mask swayed dramatically, lacking any composure. And yet, that final remark appended to the end alone came across as the true feelings of the eccentric before him.

While feeling that, Subaru, after taking a deep breath in and out,

Subaru: [In the end…]

Clown Mask: [Hmm? Hmmm? Mmm~?]

Subaru: [What’s your objective? I get that you’re trying to take Crusch along with you. But, for what reason, and for whom? With that appearance, I don’t believe you’re with the Kingdom’s soldiers.]

Not only pursued by the Kingdom’s soldiers, but also being treated as a Sin Archbishop; that fact was enough for Subaru, who was allergic to Sin Archbishops, to break out in hives, but he would have to set that aside for now.

Then, if he were to focus his issues solely on Clown Mask in front of him, what arose was the natural question.

He was aiming to secure custody of Crusch. However, he was not an ally of the Kingdom’s soldiers. ――If that was the case, the natural conclusion was that he was a collaborator of the group who had framed Subaru and the others.

To be honest, even disregarding the matter of Crusch, against an opponent who wielded such mastery over magic, Subaru and Beatrice, low on gas, had no chance of succeeding in a frontal assault.

He needed to somehow extract some information, buy some time, and discover an opening―― and, it was at that moment.

Subaru: [――? Hey you, what is that?]

Clown Mask: [Mmm~? What is it, what are you doing, if you’re just stalling for time… Gegeh.]

In response to Subaru, who pointed that out while frowning, Clown Mask looked down at his own body and groaned.

What Subaru had pointed out was Clown Mask’s black robes, completely concealing his build―― a blinking light faintly shone through from within the breast of that outfit.

The presence of that blinking light reminded Subaru of something.

Subaru: [By any chance, is that a Conversation Mirror?]

Clown Mask: [Aaa! Eee! Uuu! That can’t be true, that can’t be possible, right? And let me tell you! Just because my belly is flashing, that doesn’t mean your fate will be altered――]

Beatrice: [The light seems to be getting brighter, I suppose. It looks like you have quite important matters to attend to, in fact.]

Clown Mask: [Nnggghh…! You two! Right there! In that place! Wait juuust a moment!]

Pronouncing so with such vigor it sent spittle flying, Clown Mask turned his back on Subaru and Beatrice standing there. Subaru was unconsciously caught off guard by how incredibly brazenly he presented such an opening.

With his back turned, Clown Mask rustled about in his breast pockets and produced something in his hand―― a Conversation Mirror in all likelihood, and began to speak with someone through the mirror.

Even with his back turned, full of openings, Subaru’s group was of no threat. The fact that it seemed like they were being told so was supremely infuriating, but――,

???: [It’s now or never. Oi, pull me up…!]

As Subaru decided only that they would make a move, that hushed voice impatiently struck his ears.

Glancing in the direction of that voice, it came from within the flowing gutter right beside him―― there, floating with his head above the filthy water’s surface, was Rachins.

Subaru: [Chin! You were in the sewage this entire time!?]

Rachins: [I didn’t wanna carelessly catch his attention! Also, there’s a chain submerged in the water, and my leg got fucking entangled in it so I couldn’t get back up…]

Beatrice: [If you had drowned, it would have been the worst way to go, I suppose.]

Rachins: [Shaddup already! Now hurry up and gimme a hand!]

As Rachins protested from in the sewage, Subaru hesitated for a moment over what to do.

Obviously, he wanted to help by pulling him up, but both of Subaru’s hands were full carrying Crusch on his back. That would leave them relying on Beatrice, but with her body weight and strength, it was doubtful she would be able to pull Rachins out. If anything, there was a risk that the victims of the sewage might just increase by an extra person.

In that case, they might as well employ Murak, which interfered with gravity, and a parallel breakthrough might――,

Clown Mask: [Aah, fucking shit, damn it! I’m doing a good job! I might be a tad flamboyant and I’m not saying I haven’t made erratic choices, but I’m not doing something so disreputable as ignoring or deviating from instructions!]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Raising his voice, Clown Mask stamped his feet, complaining to the person on the other side of the Conversation Mirror.

After that, Subaru wondered what his conversation partner had said, and as Clown Mask gave an “I got it, I got it!” as a perfunctory reply, as if he had given up, he then――,

Clown Mask: [Hey you, catch it without dropping it!]

Subaru: [Huh? Eh, Beako!]

Beatrice: [――That was close, in fact!]

Turning back around, shoulders slumped as if to sigh, Clown Mask had suddenly thrown something at them. As soon as he grasped that it was the Conversation Mirror, Subaru called out Beatrice’s name.

As previously mentioned, Subaru’s hands were occupied by carrying Crusch. Therefore the one to catch it as it traced a gentle parabola was Beatrice, who hurried to reach out her arms.

Beatrice: [A-almost dropped it, I suppose. You, what were you thinking…]

Clown Mask: [The other side of that mirror wants to chat and exchange words with you!]

Subaru: [With us?]

The seemingly disgruntled Clown Mask caused Subaru and Beatrice to exchange glances with his words.

And then, on guard for any suspicious behavior from Clown Mask, the two of them cautiously peered at the Conversation Mirror in Beatrice’s hand.

Doing so, the form of Clown Mask’s conversation partner rose to the surface of the mirror――,

???: [――Ah, it’s coming through! Umm, can you see my face?]

Subaru: [――――]

That line spoken, seeing the form of the other individual projected upon the mirror’s surface, Subaru was at a loss as to how to respond.

After all, he had hardly expected that the figure that took shape upon the Conversation Mirror passed to him by Clown Mask, would be a girl with childish features.

He did not recognize the girl’s face. Her age was likely a year or two younger than Subaru.

She was a girl, with her long, lovely indigo hair done up high on both sides, and large, round, golden eyes, emanating a powerful will. Within the narrow frame of the mirror, the outfit of the girl with a well proportioned face and an air of a certain fragility was that of a white shirt, its collar tightly adorned by a thin tie, with a pitch-black jacket atop it―― a figure in a black suit prioritizing practicality over ostentation looked at him through the mirror.

The gap between the girl’s earnest gaze and the current situation brought considerable confusion to Subaru.

Subaru: [You’re… sorry, you would be?] [1]

???: [Umm, I’m called White Sheep. Black Dog over there… the masked man, I’m afraid he must have caused you considerable trouble… I’m sorry.]

Subaru: [S-sorry, you say…?]

The girl, who had introduced herself as White Sheep, had said so, and then bowed deeply from the other side of the mirror. As the girl went out of sight from in front of the mirror with such force, Subaru’s brain could not process all of this information.

Clown Mask―― the man that the girl had called Black Dog, was evidently a dangerous individual. And yet, this girl who appeared to be on the same side as Black Dog, was bowing her head to them in such a manner―― whether it could be said to be contradictory or incoherent, the only explanation was that they had deliberately come here to throw them into confusion.

Subaru: […To be blunt, I’ve got no clue of what to make of you two. As it is, my own situation is also unclear, and my mind and heart are both in chaos. Give me something I can work with.]

White Sheep: [Something you can work with, you say?]

Subaru: [If you’re an enemy, just say so. ――I’ll smash right through you.]

Beatrice: [As always, I suppose.]

When Subaru made that declaration, Beatrice next to him also nodded in agreement with a fearless face.

As previously stated, Subaru and Beatrice currently had a shortage of Mana and were running severely low on stamina, and in such a state, the cards in their hand were scant. However, there was no need to go out of their way to declare that. Even if they held a losing hand without any valuable combinations, bluffing was the trick to survival in this other world.

White Sheep: [――――]

At those words of theirs, White Sheep stared in wonder from the other side of the mirror.

It seemed like she was the type to have a bad poker face. Although it was apparent that she was trying her best to restrain the changes in her expression, her eye movements and facial muscles were clearly not suited to it.

And, having to face herself in the mirror every morning, it seemed like she was also aware of this fact,

White Sheep: [That is very blunt of you… Don’t you find that scary?]

Subaru: [I do. But, it’s preferable to keep a predicament within your own hands. It’s far better than letting a predicament snowball into something out of your control while you’re confused.]

White Sheep: [――. Once again, I’m sorry. Black Dog messed with you guys out of his own awkwardness and concern for me.]

Black Dog: [Sooomehow, I get the feeling that something egocentric and self-conceited is being said, kuhahahaha.]

As White Sheep apologized for the indiscretion of her henchman, the masked Black Dog literally put on a nonchalant face.

Ignoring Black Dog, to whom there was no value in responding, the gaze of the girl on the other side of the mirror shifted―― an indication that her attention had turned to Subaru’s back, visible to White Sheep.

As if to substantiate this, while gazing at Crusch, sleeping on Subaru’s back, White Sheep said,

White Sheep: [We would like to safeguard Crusch Karsten-san’s person… no, we wish to secure her. We require that lady’s power.]

Subaru: [Crusch-san’s… power…? Don’t tell me, are you talking about her left eye?]

With a glance, Subaru turned his attention to Crusch’s left eye, concealed by her eyepatch, carried upon his back.

It was certainly plausible that she was being targeted over her Dragon Eye, the clear abnormality that had occurred within her body. White Sheep going out of her way to correct herself from “safeguarding” to “securing” was probably because she thought that an expression simply guaranteeing one’s safety would not have been honest.

However, betraying Subaru’s expectations, White Sheep said, “Left eye?” with a puzzled expression, and,

White Sheep: [I haven’t heard anything about her eyes. What we require is the power of the Divine Protection of Wind Reading that Crusch Karsten-san possesses.]

Subaru: [――Divine Protection…]

White Sheep: [Yes. That power is indispensable. ――For the battle against the Beloved Children.]

And so, with potent determination and resolve, she had pronounced those unfamiliar words.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The battle against the Beloved Children.

For the sake of that battle, White Sheep had said that Crusch’s Divine Protection was necessary.

Being told that their goal was to secure Crusch’s person, unrelated to the Dragon Eye dwelling within her left eye, Subaru felt a disconnect in the focus of this conversation.

To begin with, he had never expected the existence of a completely unknown enemy to be alluded to here.

Subaru: [The confusion is starting to set in again, but… what the hell is the “Beloved Children”?]

White Sheep: [They are our enemies. And more than likely, Natsuki Subaru-san, yours as well… that’s what they are.]

Subaru: […Should I take that to mean they’re connected to my current pressing situation?]

White Sheep: [――Yes. They are the ones pulling the strings behind the chaos currently being sewn in the Royal Capital.]

Receiving the unmistakable assertion that they were the enemy at the crux of this situation, Subaru’s breath caught in his throat.

Honestly, as he was right now, Subaru was more grateful for that declaration from White Sheep than anything else. Completely unaware as to who the enemy was, nor to what their objectives were, the reality of his situation was that he was right in the midst of confusion. Merely presenting the information he desired in a manner that was easily comprehensible was enough to improve his impression of White Sheep.

However――,

Subaru: [If Crusch-san’s needed to fight these so-called Beloved Children, and you made contact with us for that reason, then wasn’t sending that masked bastard as a negotiator a huge blunder in terms of personnel choice…?]

White Sheep: [N-no, well, right now, the Royal Capital is on pretty high-alert, and if you aren’t nearly as skilled as Black Dog, it would be dangerous to carelessly roam around, or rather…]

Black Dog: [Beeesiiides, it was just an unexpected coincidence that the person I tailed happened to find you, it’s nooot like I was chosen to be a negotiator. So don’t think it’s White Sheep’s fault, okay? You guys.]

Beatrice: [How can you act so high and mighty over that, in fact. No way, was that intended to be an assist just now, I suppose? If so, it’s not a lack of tact , but rather a lack of comprehension when it comes to people’s hearts, in fact.]

Black Dog: [Kuhahahaha, damn brat with her dress stinking of sewage. Shall I shut that damn mouth of yours and plug it?]

Due to the giant flames intended as a threat and his conduct, Beatrice felt a strong animosity toward Black Dog. Given Black Dog’s sneering rebuttals as well, he was an individual whom Subaru held practically no good will toward either.

In addition, there was a part of Black Dog’s statement just then that weighed on his mind.

Subaru: [Just now, did you say you tailed someone? That would mean…]

Black Dog: [You are a keen-eyed and shrewd fellow, Sir Knight! Precisely and indeed! Doing something like haphazardly searching for a target is a waste of one’s time, stamina, and life, no? So I used a different trick. Thaaat is to saaay, I tailed a guy that seemed like he’d find you for me! Right now, he’s in that putrid water.]

Subaru: [In that putrid water…]

???: [Oi! You fucks, how long are you going to keep chatting all buddy-buddy! Just help me already!]

As soon as Subaru looked toward the sewage, his gaze drawn there by Black Dog who answered while shaking his hips back and forth, the one who had been abandoned there, Rachins, shouted angrily.

It was a lucky break that Rachins, familiar with the underbelly of the Royal Capital, had been able to find Subaru’s group on Felt’s orders, but it appeared that this had been taken advantage of by Black Dog and his faction. That said, it did not diminish his gratitude toward Rachins one bit.

Subaru: [I don’t want to leave him treading water forever either. Can we pull him up?]

Black Dog: [Pull him up? The guy drenched in such filthy, rancid water? Though I believe it would be best for the discussion to continue in a sanitary manner by letting him sink, just like that, just like this.]

White Sheep: […Black Dog, if you’ve caused trouble for anyone…]

Black Dog: [Alright, alriiight! Maybe I’m also a little at fault for that guy diving in. I guess I might have thought, just a teensy bit, just barely, that it would have been better to save us the trouble if only the Duchess fell off from his back and the rest of them were all burned to a crisp, you see.]

Beatrice: [Before you can degrade our impression of you any further with your worthless remarks, hurry up and do something, I suppose.]

After the comparatively sensible White Sheep had managed to improve their impression of him, Black Dog went and spoiled it all with more unnecessary remarks. With the true intent behind those threatening flames laid bare, the degree to which he was a dangerous individual had risen even further.

Taking this into account, Subaru and Beatrice took a step back, keeping vigilance over Black Dog as he reached out his hand to Rachins, who had fallen into the sewage.

With the extent of his skill in magic, they could not feel safe just because he had turned his gaze away from them.

And then, with that vigilance of Subaru and Beatrice――,

Subaru: [―― Ah ?]

Rather than anything to do with Black Dog, as he crouched down and faced the waterway, instead, it was of use in catching wind of an entirely different anomaly.

A scrape . Somewhere, there was a sound akin to that of nails digging into thin ceramic. Reflexively, Subaru turned his gaze toward the sound. ――In the recesses of the sewers, in the faint light of the lagmite ore thrown by Rachins at the feet of Black Dog and promptly left there as it was, the silhouette of someone emerged.

Subaru: [――――]

A woman.

A woman adorned in a mantle dyed with a color that could not be strictly defined as either black or gray, her billowing dark green hair tucked into the collar, with markedly dark circles under her eyes.

For a moment, Subaru wondered if the woman might also be an ally of Black Dog and White Sheep. However, faster than he could inquire about it, the woman moved within Subaru’s field of view.

With one of her arms hanging languidly, her other arm―― in the fingers of her left hand, which she raised in front of her chest, she pinched something that looked like a white shard. That shard was shattered by the movement of her fingers.

――Immediately following that, fissures extended outward from beneath the woman’s feet, writhing like snakes across the cobblestones of the sewers, and closed in on Subaru and the others.

Rachins: [Uwoaaah!?]

At that ghastly phenomenon, Rachins, who had been about to grasp Black Dog’s hand, raised his voice.

The fissures that had begun to run rampant did not stop at just the floor. Across the walls, across the ceiling, they spanned the sullied stones of the sewers one by one, steadily causing the ancient, damp skeleton supporting the foundation of the Royal Capital to turn a cloudy white.

It was almost as if everything within view was being progressively replaced with glass.

White Sheep: [――Black Dog!]

Amidst the anomaly, with it also being transmitted across the mirror, White Sheep cried out, her voice nearly a shriek.

But alas, no matter how much she raised her voice, she could not intervene with the side of Subaru and the others, separated through the mirror. ――And yet, there had been significance in raising her voice.

Black Dog: [Don’t cry, don’t wail with that trembling voice, I got it!]

For at that single cry, any hint of mischief that Black Dog had clad himself in had completely vanished.

He swiftly turned, boldly standing in the way of the extending fissures. Subaru could tell that his gaze, which ought to have been obscured behind his mask, was acutely piercing the woman veiled by the darkness.

Black Dog forcefully clicked his tongue.

Black Dog: [This has to be the worst kind of pure evil! You’re really showing up now, at this time, at this place!?]

Subaru: [You know her!?]

Black Dog: [Someone I never wanted to know nor meet. Clarissa the Shatterer―― of the Beloved Children!]

Both Subaru and White Sheep, on the other side of the mirror as she was, gasped at the name spat out by Black Dog.

The woman who had been called Clarissa did not respond. Merely, she once again picked out another small shard from the drawstring bag held in her limp arm. A pebble, was what it seemed.

Black Dog: [Waitwaitwaitwait, if you do that here――]

Black Dog cried out to try and stop it immediately, but the stone was quicker to break.

With a crack , the crisp sound echoed through the sewers―― at that cue, the subsequent destruction propagated.

Subaru: [You’ve gotta be kidding me…!]

Destruction spread throughout the sewers anew, cracked and fissured as they already were, and the wall right next to Subaru’s group acquired a murky paleness, before the ceiling subsequently came crumbling down upon them.

Subaru: [Beatrice!]

Beatrice: [Understood, I suppose!]

Responding to his cry, Beatrice faced the collapsing ceiling and spread out her five fingers.

Having already employed both EMT and EMM, they were out of fuel, making serious combat infeasible, but to nevertheless make do with the insufficient hand they had been dealt, was precisely the partnership of Subaru and Beatrice.

Beatrice: [Murak!]

The incantation interfered with reality, tinging the fragments of the collapsing ceiling with a faint light and reducing their lethal weight to that of pumice stones.

While protecting Crusch upon his back from that rain of pumice and pulling Beatrice close, Subaru sprung far back―― in that instant, the sewers were half buried in the cave-in as the weight returned.

Black Dog: [Way to go, that was quite something, little brat! Not bad for a split-second judgment!]

Beatrice: [Since you shrewdly managed to make it out alongside us, then promptly cough up the details, in fact! Regarding that woman!]

Black Dog: [A person with peculiar powers! She shatters things! Breaks them! A gloomy woman who’s no fun to talk to! She’ll kill us now!]

Black Dog, who had gladly used Beatrice’s efforts to deal with the collapse to escape it, exclaimed as if laughing, and then gave rise to a gale towards the mountain of rubble that piled up from the collapse, launching a tempest of stones into the depths of the passage.

Its aim did not falter, thundering toward Clarissa in the recesses of the passage, and yet―― with a crack , as soon as that slight noise was heard, the stones sailing through the air shattered, reduced to dust by the time they reached her.

Subaru: [Um, does it have something to do with her shattering the rock?]

Keeping a close eye on Clarissa’s actions, and seeing the crushed stone dust fall from her left hand, he conjectured that the reason which brought about this aberrant destruction lurked within that very gesture itself.

In addition, he figured that Clarissa still had many more of the pebbles necessary to do so within the drawstring bag she held.

Subaru: [Oi, use fire! If it lacks physical form, she shouldn’t be able to stop it through shattering!]

Black Dog: [I see, certainly, but what a shame! I already used up my fire, it’s no longer playable!]

Subaru: [Haaah!? ――Wait, shit!]

As he was stunned by that incomprehensible rejection of Black Dog’s, within Subaru’s field of view, Clarissa smoothly pinched and pulled out her next pebble as if performing a sacred rite.

The floor and walls surrounding Subaru and the rest were already on the verge of collapse, and if Clarissa were to shatter that shard, the entirety of the sewers might burst and collapse all at once.

At this rate――,

Rachins: [――Oi! Over here! Get over here!]

Subaru: [――Hk, Chin!?]

At that moment, a frantic appeal from the gutter was heard, and Subaru and the others turned to face it.

Upon examination, it was Rachins, floating in the water, with one hand clinging to the wall of the waterway and dragging something dark with the other. ――A rusted chain.

Rachins, who had pulled it up from the bottom, covered in black sludge, exclaimed in a loud voice.

Rachins: [It’s a sedimentation tank! There’s a buncha sludge clogged up along the side of the stream!]

Subaru: [ Sediment …]

A sudden reference to the mechanisms of the sewage system, being told about it; a jolt of electricity ran down Subaru’s spine.

The sedimentation tank, the festering sludge that had accumulated; it was the worst possibility――,

Subaru: [Are you serious, dude…!?]

Rachins: [Heh! You’re a pretty sharp guy, ain’t you?]

Drenched in sewage and hair plastered to his forehead, Rachins was in a terrible state. However, with his shihaku eyes glistening with a fiery blaze, he laughed at Subaru, who had arrived at the same idea, and then pulled back his arm with all of his might.

The rusted chains smeared in filth made a dull sound―― and with a creak , a heavy noise came from the bottom of the water.

Alongside that sound, bubbles rose to the surface of the water near the wall. The small ones frothing there gradually increased in number, making the surface of the black water suddenly begin to roil. ――Instantly, the air of the sewers, in which putrid stenches had wafted through from the start, was filled with an odor resembling that of rotten eggs, far worse than anything prior.

He understood Rachins’s objective.

There was no time to hesitate.

Subaru: [Crusch-san――]

Conscious of Crusch, slumbering on his back, Subaru suddenly found himself at a loss for what to do. Considering his actions from here on, it was far too dangerous for her, unconscious as she was.

The second Subaru wavered, Black Dog took action. ――All of a sudden, he was sent flying.

Subaru: [You―― hk!]

Black Dog: [Rather than throwing it, launching it, and having it be shattered, this is the way to do it!]

As he said this, Black Dog threw himself towards Subaru and Crusch, as well as Beatrice, dragging them all into the sewage in one fell swoop. Just before they hit the water―― unexpectedly, his view was obstructed by something dark, and the anticipated embrace of the contaminated water did not come.

Upon closer inspection, it was an enormous unfinished sphere that had been produced from earthen clods by Black Dog, snugly wrapping and enveloping them――,

White Sheep: [ Please! Believe in him! ]

In the midst of the fleeting situation, White Sheep, reflected on the surface of the mirror, made her earnest appeal.

Spurred on by that, within the hemisphere of earth as it gradually sank, Subaru entrusted Crusch to Beatrice right beside him, and reached his hand outside the closing ball.

And then――,

Subaru: [――Come on, Rachins!]

Rachins: [Don’t you fucking boss me around!]

Having fully pulled the chain out, Rachins clumsily kicked off the wall and soared toward them. Grasping Rachins’s outstretched arm, Subaru pulled his slender body into the hemisphere in one motion.

Entangled together, they collapsed onto their backs. Immediately following that, the hemisphere closed completely, and at nearly the same time, the faint sound of a pebble fragment being shattered could be heard.

The tremors and thunderous rumble resounded through the closed, bulky walls composed of packed earth.

However, something greater than that was――,

Rachins: [Get blown to bits. ――Goa.]

Rachins, still lying in a heap with Subaru, spat those words as he snapped his fingers. ――As soon as he did, a red light could be seen expanding through the earthen wall, followed later by a delayed sound and impact.

Subaru: [――Hk!?]

The world shook with the might of a gut-punch, and Subaru let out a shout.

Despite being underwater, in an earthen sphere, it burned. It was radiant. As if intent on rupturing his eardrums, the roar of the explosion detonated.

Subaru: [―― ah .]

A soundless scream ran rampant throughout Natsuki Subaru’s body.

Heaven and earth spun round and round, round and round, with staggering force, and the earthen sphere submerged underwater was swept away with ferocious momentum, colliding, smashing into large masses, over and over, over and over, threatening to knock him unconscious.

Accumulated within the sedimentation tank had been combustible gases generated from the massive amount of filth.

Rachins had opened the lid of that sedimentation tank, ignited the tremendous quantity of what had overflowed, and blown up the sewers themselves, including Clarissa, who had been after them. ――No, he did not even know what had happened to the sewers. He could not see. He could not hear. His comprehension could not keep up.

Tossed about by the surging water and the bucking ball of earth, Subaru fiercely, fiercely embraced the small sensation he was well accustomed to holding and the individual he needed to protect no matter what, with the entirety of his might.

Gritting his teeth, he endured. ――That was the best Subaru could muster at this moment.

Subaru: [――――]

Gritting his teeth, he kept enduring, enduring, and endured.

Until his consciousness was engulfed by an invisible murky torrent, he continued, and continued to endure――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――When he was next awakened, the first thing he sensed was an odor.

It was neither the stench of a rotten egg, nor the stench of polluted sewage.

The aroma was one reeking of alcohol, along with the scent of a dry cloth. The air, heated without the use of fire, passed through his nostrils, and as he deeply inhaled that which had an awfully hygienic sense to it―― it suffocated him.

Subaru: [ Gehk! Gohkk! Oeuffhk! ]

???: [Wakyaa, I suppose!]

Then, as Subaru’s body sprung up in a horrendous fit of coughing, the weight that had been resting upon his chest and abdomen also jumped up, giving rise to such an adorable scream.

Widening his eyes, he adjusted the focal point of his blurred vision with a series of several blinks. Doing so, he was able to locate Beatrice, donning a sour expression right next to where Subaru had been sprawled out.

Laying his eyes upon Beatrice, with a blanket draped over her shoulders, Subaru’s lips trembled.

Subaru: [Beako… are you, alright?]

Beatrice: [Somehow, in fact. Rather than a hair’s breadth, it was a close call by the breadth of a hundred hairs, I suppose.]

Subaru: [A hair’s breadth means a single strand of hair, so increasing the number actually just changes the meaning… or rather, that doesn’t matter. More importantly, if you and I are safe, then the others――]

Beatrice: [Calm down, in fact. Before you panic, take a look around, I suppose.]

Before Subaru could get too ahead of himself, Beatrice stopped him with a firm hand to his brow. Then, with his forehead pinned by her small palm, Subaru moved only his gaze, and realized.

In the bed adjacent to the one Subaru found himself in, Crusch had also been laid down.

Subaru: [Crusch-san… thank goodness. She’s unharmed… right?]

Beatrice: [From what has been said, she is fine, in fact. However, she has not reawakened even once since then, I suppose. Just how long her exhaustion from that eye will continue, is unknown even to Betty, in fact.]

Subaru: [I see… ah, Chin’s also here, eh. What a relief.]

While he was comforted by the sight of Crusch, who lay asleep on the bed as her chest regularly rose and fell with her breathing, further beyond that sight, sprawled out on a couch and wrapped in a blanket, was Rachins.

Though he was not awake, his brow was furrowed, and he mumbled something to himself as he slept, perhaps because the couch was not a very comfortable place to rest. ――For the actor who had saved Subaru and the others with such tact, this was quite the crude treatment; a wry smile emerged on his face with that thought, but,

Subaru: […Where, is this place?]

His relief compelling him to release his strength, Subaru’s hands fell onto the bed as he finally arrived at that question.

It was a place that completely differed from the sewers not only in smell, but also in appearance. A room of stone construction bereft of windows, the only source of illumination being a small lamp. There were bandages and a water pitcher placed by the bedside, with cloths that had been folded and neatly arranged, prompting the term “doctor’s office” to vaguely flash through his head.

Subaru: [Is this kinda like, a hidden medical clinic? Something like a back-alley doctor’s hideout…]

???: [――Hk! Have you awakened, Natsuki Subaru-san!?]

Upon expressing his miscellaneous impressions, a surprised voice was hurled at Subaru from the side.

When he turned his gaze around, there was a lone girl standing at the entrance of the room―― the person whom he had seen across the mirror. With long indigo hair tied into twin tails on her left and right, was the girl in the black suit―― White Sheep.

Not across the mirror, but now in person, White Sheep clasped her hands together before her chest, opened them, clasped them again, opened them, and after repeating that several times,

White Sheep: [Th-thank goodness… what if something had happened to all of you, I was just so worried thinking about that…]

Subaru: [That’s… thank you for worrying about me?]

White Sheep: [Yes! No! Umm? Which one fits best here…?]

Unsure of the correct order to proceed with his apology, thanks, and complaint, Subaru and White Sheep both short-circuited, unable to make a judgment.

“You helped me out there”, there was no doubt about that. However, before that, it was also true that he had been threatened by White Sheep’s comrade, Black Dog, so he was endlessly confounded about how to correctly approach the situation.

And, just as he thought that――,

???: [――White Sheep, you mustn’t trouble Natsuki-dono. You ought to be different from Black Dog. If not, the need arises to reconsider our course of action.]

White Sheep: [――――]

The voice came from behind White Sheep, flustered as she was at the room’s entrance.

Hearkening that voice, and laying eyes upon the visage of its owner, Subaru gulped down his breath, and his eyes grew wide. Within the course of this single day, he had already received more than enough shocks, and yet, they only continued to come.

After all, the person who had appeared together with White Sheep, was somebody whom Subaru was also familiar with.

Subaru: [You’re… Russell… san?]

In a faltering voice, what Subaru’s lips wove was the name of an individual he had been involved with quite a long time ago―― having been acquainted right at the outset of the Royal Selection, he was someone with whom Subaru had negotiated to provide support and supplies for the White Whale Subjugation that had immediately followed, and while he had not saddled up amongst them on the actual battlefield, he was a merchant who had nevertheless fought against that same enemy.

Bearing the title of chairman of the Royal Capital’s Commerce Guild, it was Russell Fellow who was present here.

Subaru: [――――]

With his mind at the apex of turmoil and confusion, Subaru could only look at Russell’s composed demeanor in mute amazement. Receiving that gaze, the gentleman clad in a well-tailored suit smiled, and gave a deep nod.

For some reason, that smile sent a chill down Subaru’s spine. ――For a person who was supposed to be a mere merchant, that smile felt far too laden with ulterior motives.

And so, Subaru’s chills were right on the mark.

Russell: [It is truly fortuitous that we are able to meet like this, Natsuki-dono. Arriving at this unprecedented crisis for the Kingdom, your strength and discernment, Natsuki-dono, are things we wish to borrow by all means.]

Subaru: [An unprecedented, great predicament for the Kingdom, that would be…]

Russell: [Indeed.]

It was a situation that was by no means laughable; however, Russell maintained his smile, and continued.

That was――,

Russell: [――The enemy’s aim is a silent, thorough invasion of the Kingdom. The very core of the Kingdom has already fallen into the hands of our long-sworn enemy, verging on a crisis of total downfall.]

Translation Note: [1] – Subaru changes his usual second-person pronoun here from お前 ( omae ) to 君 ( kimi ). Subaru’s usual omae can be construed as rude when used with people you aren’t close with or who have high standing, though Subaru doesn’t usually seem to care too much outside of quite formal occasions. In this instance though, he opts for a middle road, using a somewhat more polite but still relatively casual option in kimi as he figures out how he should talk to White Sheep.

--- Chapter 21: Six Tongues ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――A peril unprecedented for the Kingdom of Lugunica, a crisis of the nation’s demise.

Subaru: [――――]

Sat up atop the bed, the first thing Subaru did upon hearing of those circumstances was pinch his own cheek. Ouch. In other words, this was reality, well and true, and not a continuation of his dream.

That was to say――,

Subaru: [At this point it’d feel better to just be told that this was the continuation of a nightmare, that’s how much the “what the hell”s keep on coming… am I cursed or something? There’s way too many shocking events…]

Beatrice: [In that case, Subaru isn’t the only one who is cursed, I suppose. Rest assured, in fact.]

Subaru: [I don’t feel assured in the slightest, but thanks for being cursed with me. I love you.]

Beatrice: [Betty loves you too, I suppose.]

Lowering the hand he had used to pinch his cheek, he instead moved it to pat Beatrice on the head.

His reliable partner who insisted that they would share in the same fate by the bedside, it seemed like she had not heard much beyond what Subaru had regarding the current situation.

And so, he wished to ask many things this time around to the ones who appeared to hold most of the information here, White Sheep and Russell, however――,

Russell: [――“ Shocking ”. Meaning to be surprised, or to be shaken, was it?]

Subaru: [Huh? Ah, yeah yeah, that’s correct… it’s correct, but how? Otto’s the only one who can decipher the words from where I come from on the first try.]

Russell: [No, it is nothing so impressive. Merely, in the letters Roswaal has been sending of late, there are occasionally such unfamiliar words mixed in… Cryptanalysis does require a bit of extra effort, so I’d prefer him to stop such foolish antics.]

Beatrice: [Exchanging letters, with Roswaal… in fact?]

As Russell revealed the reason he had managed to react to Subaru’s vocabulary, Beatrice narrowed her round eyes, and slightly heightened her wariness.

Usually, one might think that the name of an associate being brought up would serve as due justification for some peace of mind, but the fact that it could not so easily be taken as such, was truly the epitome of Roswaal.

And, seemingly having come to the same thought, Russell shrugged with a “Good grief”,

Russell: [While it is none of my business, I cannot help but worry about how Roswaal interacts with you, Natsuki-dono, and the other members of your camp. If I may advocate for myself, he is an old friend of mine. We have been acquainted for around fifteen years now.]

Subaru: [Fifteen years…! That’s… quite the long relationship. Eh, then perhaps, when you helped out during the Subjugation of the White Whale…]

Russell: [Ah, you need not worry about that. Business and friendship sit upon two entirely different lines. When I assisted you back then, Natsuki-dono, it was a decision of my own, there was no room for Roswaal to intervene. Rather, what if I told you that had he asked me, I would have refused?]

Beatrice: [Hmph, it seems like you have a correct evaluation of Roswaal, I suppose. If you had said that you were such best friends that you always knew what the other was thinking, we would have gotten out of here immediately, in fact.]

Subaru: [Beako, the fact that disparaging him only makes you seem more reliable, feels so in line for Roswaal…]

Be that as it may, the answer Russell gave here made Subaru glad.

The White Whale Subjugation that Crusch and the others had planned: in order to enter into an alliance with them, Subaru had spontaneously come up with the idea to persuade Anastasia and this very Russell.

If it had turned out that the negotiations which had brought in Russell were actually set up by Roswaal, even if the result was the same in the end, it would put a bit of a damper on his self-evaluation.

White Sheep: [U-um, Silver Fox… wouldn’t it be better to carry on with the matter at hand?]

And, the one to interject there was White Sheep, who had been left out of the conversation.

Turning an apprehensive upward gaze towards Russell, she seemed to be urging towards a smooth progression of the central topic, but she had included a few superfluous words that caught Subaru’s attention.

Subaru: [――Silver Fox, huh? Would it be fine for me to assume that you’ll explain that side of things in more detail?]

Russell: [Of course. Given that we are receiving you like this, Natsuki-dono, we too must lay our hearts bare, and show that we do wish to seek your cooperation. However, before that…]

Subaru: […Before that?]

Russell: [I would like to confirm that you are not a dangerous element, Natsuki-dono. ――Indeed, to “ check ”, was it? In your hometown.]

Having likely learned that from Roswaal’s letters too, Russell stroked his well-groomed beard, deepening his smile as he looked at Subaru.

Unwittingly, Subaru’s throat produced a low rumble, a reflex to the sensation of his mouth rapidly feeling dry. ――Hearing the words “dangerous element”, what instantly flashed through his mind was the suspicion Black Dog had previously spoken of, that of Subaru being a Sin Archbishop. An affront of being treated in the same category as the bunch who deserved to be called every insult in this world.

However――,

Subaru: [Russell-san, I don’t know how to prove it, but those doubts are wrong. Something like me being a Sin Archbishop, that sorta thing is…]

Russell: [Any verbal testimony is meaningless. That is what makes the Witch Cult so dreadful. You ought to know that already.]

Subaru: [――――]

Russell: [――And so, please take this.]

A cold, unshakeable assertion, one that made Subaru cast down his eyes. Within his vision as he did so, an item was suddenly held out by Russell, who had walked up to him from the entrance of the room.

Laying his eyes upon it, Subaru swallowed his breath. After all, in front of him was――,

Subaru: […My cellphone ?]

Spilling a hoarse murmur, Subaru stared at the cellphone handed to him without blinking.

Without a doubt, it was a cellular telephone. Moreover, it was the flip phone that had seen habitual use by none other than Subaru himself, one of the few items he had brought with him from his original world, and something with which he had long since parted.

He had not forgotten the details of how he had parted ways with it either. After all, it was the very item he had exchanged to Russell, the man now stood before his eyes, as compensation for his cooperation in the White Whale Subjugation. ――In addition, he cunningly phrased his words in a manner such that his declaration of the cellphone functioning as a sensor to notify of the Witchbeast’s arrival would not be a deceit.

Subaru: [No, um, Russell-san… I guess I really don’t have any room to make excuses for this, but it’s not that I had any malicious intent, it was just something compelled out of necessity, so if you’re going to bring up who is or isn’t in the wrong, then I’d definitely be at fault, but…]

Beatrice: [Wh-wh-what’s the matter, I suppose, Subaru, you’re being excessively incoherent, in fact.]

Subaru: [I just never imagined that a symbol of my sins from the past would come up again in a place like this… e-even so! Treating me as a Sin Archbishop for a crime like this is really going way too far, or rather, unlike those guys, I could make a proper apology!]

Russell: [――No, that is sufficient. I have secured confirmation. There is no discrepancy regarding you being Natsuki-dono.]

The Sin Archbishops could not apologize. ――No, there was also a Sin Archbishop who would voice the empty words of “thank you” and “I’m sorry”, but there ought to be none who were capable of sincerely feeling sorry and apologizing.

And so, trying to deny being a Sin Archbishop with that as his foundation, Subaru was conversely taken aback with a “Huh” at Russell’s unthinkable response.

Subaru: [You managed to confirm everything by just handing me a cellphone … ah, is it because I knew the word cellphone ? Is that the evidence that I’m innocent?]

Russell: [No, you are mistaken. Natsuki-dono, before you handed this over to my hands, details such as where you might have shown it off, or to how many people you might have spread its name, are not things that we can know for certain. Hence, it is not due to any such external factors―― I have ascertained it with my very eyes.]

Subaru: [Eyes… you mean something like a merchant’s sense?]

Russell: [Well, that is not entirely incorrect. It is a Divine Protection. The Divine Protection of Evaluation, so it is called, allowing me to ascertain the value of the items I lay my eyes upon.]

Pointing at his own eyes, Russell revealed his Divine Protection of Evaluation, and redirecting that finger in the direction of the cellphone in Subaru’s hands, Russell continued “Thus”,

Russell: [Only when that Meteor is present in your hands, Natsuki-dono, does it shoot up in value.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Russell: [I suspect it is an article that nobody other than yourself is capable of using effectively, Natsuki-dono. When I or other individuals take it in hand, the Meteor emits no radiance whatsoever. However, that is not the case when it is in your hands. Then again, it has been quite a long time since it has fallen silent…]

Subaru: […It’s probably out of battery . But, you’re saying it still glows when in my hands?]

Russell: [Indeed, to a glaring extent.]

Subaru: [I see. I guess because the only one who could recharge it would be me…]

With the exceedingly nostalgic weight and sensation in his hand, Subaru digested the words spoken to him, and comprehended the logic Russell had used to determine his authenticity.

The cellphone could only be used by Subaru. Hence, if it shone when in Subaru’s hands, it would be proof that Subaru was the very same existence as he was back then――,

Subaru: […Huh? So does that mean, Russell-san, you knew from the very beginning that you yourself couldn’t use the cellphone …?]

Russell: [I only became fully convinced after you had already handed it over as compensation. It did not hold any value in either my own hands or those of my subordinates. I had thought that if I ever got the chance to question you about it, you would certainly be quite surprised.]

Beatrice: [It’s the fault of the one who got deceived… hah, Subaru wouldn’t let that fly, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I’m glad you understand.]

At the scene of the fair negotiations, Subaru had gotten Russell to believe in the value of the cellphone without telling any lies. Also present there, Crusch had guaranteed that with her Divine Protection of Wind Reading―― and yet, just as Beatrice said, Subaru still feeling guilty about it was a separate matter.

Be that as it may, Subaru had never thought that a reunion with his cellphone would serve as a certification of his identity. That was what he wanted to say here, but the issue was still far from resolved.

Subaru: [This isn’t something I want to say, but all this proves is that I am the same me that I was back at that discussion. Supposing that even before that, I was… I was… I was in the… I was in the Witch… the Witch Cult, hk.]

White Sheep: [Eh, you’re having an awfully hard time with that what-if.]

Beatrice: [That is simply how much his body and mind rejects the idea, in fact. His feelings are understandable, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Anyway! What if I was part of the Witch Cult even before that? And moreover, a Sin Archbishop?]

It was a supposition that even he hated, but if he was going to clear the suspicions, he desired to prove himself completely innocent. Even if it was the worst possible assumption, there was meaning in Subaru voicing it himself.

Perhaps even that act of his would be slightly beneficial if it was taken as grounds to give him credence――,

Russell: [Before that, you say… so approximately around the declaration of the Royal Selection’s commencement, correct?]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right.]

Russell: [When it comes to the Royal Selection’s commencement, Natsuki-dono, that would be when you raised quite the bold and inflammatory words at the Royal Castle.]

Subaru: [Y-yeah, that’s right.]

Russell: [It seems that you won the animosity of many of the individuals there present, however, I have heard that this fortunately did not lead to any violent outburst of the surroundings, with your reputation instead being damaged as a result.]

Subaru: [Th-that’s right…?]

Russell: [In such a state, would the Witch Cult really take your place, Natsuki-dono?]

Subaru: [I see… back then, even the Witch Cult would have left me in the dirt…]

Were he to cling to his human emotions, Subaru’s heart would have been shattered by the ruthless, yet sound argument.

In truth, it would have been foolish for the Witch Cult to approach Subaru, thinking they could use him, after knowing what he had gotten up to in the Royal Castle, and supposing they had already approached him beforehand, Subaru would have been an idiot to do what he did at the Castle. ――In other words, by the foolishness of his own actions, Subaru had proved his innocence.

Subaru: [Outside of my own mental growth, to think I’d ever be glad that such an event happened!?]

Furthermore, based on what he had just been told, it seemed like his mock battle against Julius in the wake of his actions, due to the influence of Julius’s Name having been eaten, had been made to have never happened, so the hatred that the Royal Knights bore towards Subaru had likely turned into something outrageous.

Surely not, but was it possible that had played a part in the current circumstances of him being pursued?

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [So then, Russell-san, your standpoint is that I’m innocent?]

Russell: [Indeed. As I see it, Natsuki-dono, you are a capable individual with numerous contributions under your belt, one upon whom the current Kingdom of Lugunica would most like to rely upon; it would be no exaggeration for me to declare as such.]

Subaru: [Oh, ohhh, ohhhh… I’m saved…! Just now, my heart was saved…!]

Beatrice: [Why are you so overcome with emotion at this man’s words, in fact!? The one who believes in Subaru the most, Betty, is right here by your side, I suppose! Emilia and the others too, in fact!]

Subaru: [Well of course that makes me so happy I could die, but when it comes to being believed in by your own people, and being believed in by an outside person, there’s simply a difference in emotional profoundness. I guess you could also call it a difference in the level of difficulty.]

Beatrice: [Hmph, Betty’s feelings have been hurt, I suppose. Next time you are suspected of something, there will be a five minute penalty until Betty takes Subaru’s side, in fact.]

Subaru: [Five minutes until Beako takes my side…!? Would I even be able to hold out that long…?]

Pulling Beatrice up onto the bed as she turned her face away and puffed out her cheeks, Subaru plumped her down in the center of his criss-crossed legs, before turning to look back at Russell with a “So”.

Russell had finished his evaluation of Subaru. In that case, the next thing was for Subaru to hurry up and ask his own questions.

Subaru: [It’s about time you tell me. The Kingdom being in trouble is also important, but before we have that important conversation, Russell-san, you gotta tell me the truth of what you guys really are. You aren’t just a distinguished merchant of the Royal Capital, now are you?]

Of course, in everything until now, he had somehow managed to explain it all away as just being a merchant capable of doing good work. However, Russell had said it first. ――The very survival of the Kingdom was in jeopardy, and that was something brought about by their sworn enemy of many long years.

Subaru: [Being a long-time sworn enemy of an opponent that’s capable of laying waste to the country; it’s unthinkable that a mere merchant would ever say something like that. Same thing goes for you being called Silver Fox, Russell-san. White Sheep-chan over there and the rest of you, in truth your job is something else entirely. That would be――]

???: [――Six Tongues.]

Subaru: [――!?]

Subaru firmly pressed ahead, attempting to prompt Russell to speak up, however he was instead shocked by a voice that came from an unexpected direction, and he turned to face it.

The one to raise their voice was neither Russell, nor White Sheep. Having seemingly kept silent while listening in on Subaru’s conversation until now, the person who had been waiting for the right opportunity――,

Subaru: [Rachins, since when were you awake?]

Rachins: [For a while now. With this many voices yapping, how the hell’d I be able to remain asleep? I gotta admit though, when Russell Fellow made his appearance, I almost let out a yelp.]

The one to answer had been Rachins, raising his body up on the couch. He had taken off the clothes which had been sullied by the sewer water, dressed only in his underwear with a blanket wrapped around his body, and seeing his status, Subaru took a momentary relief in the fact that he seemed to be unharmed.

Subaru: [Enough about you eavesdropping while pretending to sleep… what was that you said earlier? Six…?]

Rachins: [The Six Tongues. To put it plainly, it’s the intelligence agency that operates in the shadows of Lugunica… I never doubted that it was actually real, but to think it was headed by the chairman of the Commerce Guild.]

Subaru: [Intelligence agency… so like, a spy organization!?]

As soon as he processed Rachins’s explanation in his head, Subaru’s unwittingly sprang up.

Spy―― while they occasionally made appearances in fiction, they were a prime example of something that was seldom encountered within nonfiction. Ninjas were in a similar category, but he had seen a real one with his own eyes, and if anything, had even tasted their dreadfulness firsthand.

However, to think after coming this far――,

Subaru: [In other words, the shadowy leader that runs things behind the scenes in the Kingdom of Lugunica, was Russell-san’s true identity all along!?]

Eyes widened in shock, Subaru straightened his posture and gazed towards Russell once again.

Receiving Subaru’s excessive reaction, Russell slightly raised his eyebrows, before slowly shaking his head from side to side,

Russell: [You mustn’t spread it around in such a loud voice. ――After all, Natsuki-dono, it’s your life on the line.]

And, following his experience with ninjas, an answer was given that made him taste in the dreadfulness of a spy.

△▼△▼△▼△

Russell: [Originally, the Six Tongues was formed in the aftermath of the Demi-Human War for the purpose of the Kingdom’s counterintelligence operations. This was because the prolonged nature of the Demi-Human War stemmed from underestimating the intelligence gathering capacity of the demi-humans.]

Subaru: [Ah, I can see that. I have a friend who’s able to camouflage himself against walls or the ground.]

Russell: [Indeed, such special traits, Divine Protections, or Meteors… A specialized organization equipped with knowledge of such things and the capacity to deal with them was required. It was on such grounds that the Six Tongues was founded, and I hold the position of its current Director.]

Subaru: [Director…! That’s the first time I’ve heard that title on this side…!]

Beatrice: [Subaru, why are you so moved over every little thing, I suppose? The shadiness of these people hasn’t changed in the slightest, in fact. If anything, it has only grown, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Nah, you’re exactly right. But in this case, a secret agency is the sort of thing where the shadier, or rather, the deeper the mysteries go, the more appealing it becomes…]

While pressing a finger against the sulking Beatrice’s cheek, Subaru examined Russell with a glance.

Russell dealt with them with an unchanging posture, an unchanging expression, but knowing his identity as the head of a secret intelligence agency, his very presence and the pressure he exuded became far more convincing.

Indeed, the history of the formation of the Six Tongues made perfect sense. ――Subaru’s friend who could camouflage himself was Hiain from the Pleiades Battalion, but there would have been many demi-humans who had participated in the Demi-Human War against the Kingdom. And it was not just combat strength that was useful in war.

Russell: [Incidentally, from whence did you become privy to the existence of the Six Tongues, Rachins-dono? From your esteemed father, perhaps?]

Rachins: [Ahh? You think my old man would prattle on about the Kingdom’s secrets just ‘cause we’re family? It’s just that I thought it’d be natural for such a thing to exist, and then it was just a matter of piecing together the words from rumors I’d hear every now and then. I never thought a fuck like you would be their leader, even for a second.]

Russell: [Is that so? Truly, Rickert Hoffman-dono is an exemplar of a loyal subject. Have you not been in contact with your esteemed father since?]

Rachins: […Oi, your bad habits as a spy are showing. Right now, it’s your turn to fucking talk, it ain’t the time for me to go on and on about this or that. Don’t get carried away.]

Russell: [Quite right. Please forgive my discourtesy.]

As Rachins sharpened his shihaku eyes even further, Russell gave a theatrical bow. However, from that exchange, the lineage Rachins had revealed in the sewers―― that his family was truly that of the Kingdom’s nobility, seemed to be substantiated.

Following that response, Russell turned his gaze toward Subaru, and saying “Once again”,

Russell: [I cannot elaborate on the details that pertain to classified information, but our ultimate objective is the national defense. Those of us who serve in the organization, myself included, conceal our status, fabricate our identities, and engage in counterintelligence work. Even my title as chairman of the Royal Capital’s Commerce Guild is merely a cover to hide the truth.]

Subaru: [Isn’t that a bit too high-level to use as a cover? I mean, head of a guild?]

Russell: [It is the result of having given careful thought to the balance of the public-facing authority and influence required. Worry not, it is not the case that all of the influential individuals throughout the Royal Capital are members of our organization.]

Beatrice: [――And yet, it now seems like it would have been better had that been the case, in fact.]

Russell: [Indeed, I am ashamed to admit that it is precisely as you say.]

Slowly shaking his head, Russell made a subdued expression in response to Beatrice’s observation. He could not tell to what extent that face represented his true feelings, but it appeared they could finally broach the main issue at hand.

The present peril assailing the Kingdom of Lugunica―― it was surely not unconnected to the reality of Subaru’s group having been cornered, with the tendrils of evil having even reached Emilia and the others.

At the center of it all was――,

Russell: [――The Beloved Children. That is the name of our… no, the Kingdom’s greatest enemy at present.]

Subaru: [Are you saying those guys are trying to tear down the Royal Selection?]

Russell: [You would not be mistaken. However, rather than the Royal Selection, it would be more accurate to say that they are attempting to tear down the Kingdom itself.]

Subaru: [The Kingdom itself… and the repercussions of that is the current mayhem in the Royal Capital, huh…? Come to think of it, earlier you were saying something about how they’ve been a longstanding enemy of yours, what was that about?]

Russell: [That is correct. According to our records… they have been documented as operating behind the scenes starting over thirty years ago.]

Subaru: [Thirt… hk!?]

Subaru’s eyes shot open in surprise at the number, stated so indifferently, that exceeded all his expectations.

He had imagined five, ten years, but thirty years was beyond the pale. To begin with, if the Six Tongues was an agency established after the Demi-Human War, it should have been around forty years since its founding.

Subaru: [And then thirty years… so you’ve been fighting them nearly the whole time since you were formed…]

Russell: [Indeed. As such, the history of the Six Tongues can be said to be a history of its hidden conflict against the Beloved Children. However, the Beloved Children were an opponent of whom we knew little, whereas we were always one step behind… in a constant state of having our hands full just barely containing them from doing as they pleased within these borders.]

Rachins: [Hah, you’re supposed to be an organization backed by the Kingdom, but that’s just damn pathetic. You plan on losing forever?]

Russell: [I have no retort. In fact, throughout the Kingdom, there have been numerous abrupt changes of heart by nobles and people of influence, as well as some of them acting against our interests by providing intelligence to the other nations, too many to count in fact. Even in the decade or so since I took over as Director, lacking any decisive blow to end this deadlock, we have continued with such stopgap measures. ――However, the situation has changed.]

Subaru: [Changed?]

Russell: [Indeed. ――It was White Sheep and Black Dog.]

Hearing this, Subaru fell silent as he looked toward White Sheep, waiting behind Russell.

Black Dog, named alongside her, was not present here, but together, they were allegedly the ones who had allowed the Six Tongues under Russell’s command to escape from the dead end they had been stuck in.

As Subaru questioned how on earth they had done so, White Sheep placed a hand over her chest, and as her charming features slightly tensed,

White Sheep: [I was formerly one of the Beloved Children. Black Dog was also in the same situation.]

Subaru: [――Hk! You got members of the enemy to switch sides!?]

Russell: [It was a situation where several coincidences aligned in our favor. Nevertheless, as a result, regarding the Beloved Children whom we had opposed for so long… we were blessed with the opportunity to learn of their true nature.]

White Sheep: [Yes… That said, there was no way I could have properly known about everything, and there were some things I could speak on, and others that I couldn’t, but…]

Subaru: [No, even so, I’m sure the things that could be gained as a result were huge. You did well to make that decision…]

White Sheep appeared hesitant, but that seemed to run counter to Russell’s evaluation.

After all, since she was a capable individual who had become the key to shifting a battle that had lacked any progress for thirty years, the Six Tongues must have felt an elation tantamount to that of discovering an oasis amidst the desert.

At that reaction of Subaru’s, thinking such things, White Sheep slightly lowered her gaze, and,

White Sheep: [――. Yes, it came as a surprise to me as well. To think I had such courage in me… If so, I should have sooner…]

Subaru: [――?]

White Sheep: [Ah-, no-, it’s nothing-! Anyways, that’s my situation.]

Subaru faintly frowned and held his tongue in response to White Sheep as she waved her arms back and forth.

However, before he could delve into that point of concern, Rachins’s vulgar voice chimed in with an “Oi”.

Rachins: [About their betrayal, can you really trust that? Come on, couldn’t they have had enough of you fucks being such a pain in their ass or something, that they sent these guys over as a trap in order to manipulate you however they pleased?]

Russell: [If that were true, it would have made far more sense for us to have been crushed long ago. It has already been over a year since White Sheep and Black Dog joined us… during that time, we have thwarted the Beloved Children’s intrigues on more occasions than can be counted on a single hand. There would be no purpose to contribute so much.]

Rachins: […You can’t be so sure of that. I don’t think you’re being wary enough.]

Russell: [――Please do not worry yourself. I have taken proper measures to prevent any betrayal from them. On account of that, they have bought my trust… no, they have earned it.]

With pointed gazes, Rachins and Russell exchanged looks as well as opinions.

From Subaru’s perspective, while he understood Rachins’s point, he had a strong impression that Russell was cunning in his manner of doing things. He could not manage to leave behind his first impression of Rachins as a back alley thug, so there was a clear distinction in prestige between the actors.

Subaru: [Is it heartless of me to think that way after he came to help us…?]

Beatrice: [If speaking only in terms of the number of times, safeguarding us here is that goatee’s achievement, I suppose. If you count being saved in the sewers, it’s even between the delinquent and that goatee, in fact.]

Subaru: [For sure. As expected of my Beako, being good at math――]

White Sheep: [――Umm, Natsuki Subaru-san?]

As Subaru was swaying together with Beatrice, enclosed by his crossed legs, at a loss as to whose side he should take, at that appeal from White Sheep, he let out an awkward, “Mmuh?”.

However, after thinking she was staring at him quite earnestly, she bowed her head deeply toward Subaru.

And then――,

White Sheep: [It was thanks to you all that we were able to slip out of the Beloved Children. Thus, I’ve wanted to express my gratitude for the longest time… thank you so much.]

Subaru: [Uh, you’re welcome, but what exactly are you thanking me for?]

White Sheep: [Of course, it’s the subjugation of the Witch Cult’s Sin Archbishop of Sloth!]

Subaru: […Of Petelgeuse?]

White Sheep nodded vigorously with a “Yes” upon Subaru’s questioning reply, her eyes transfixed.

From the events at the Royal Castle symbolic of his dark past, to the White Whale Subjugation involving his cellphone, today was a day that incessantly dug up events from around the outset of the Royal Selection.

However, whilst receiving praise for defeating Petelgeuse Romanée-Conti was one thing, the reason for which White Sheep conveyed such direct gratitude to him, he did not know.

Subaru: [No way, you’re not gonna tell me you used to be one of that shithead’s Fingers or something, right?]

White Sheep: [Fing…? That is incorrect, but, it did cause Mama to become rattled, and we slipped out amidst the kerfuffle… and here we are.]

Subaru: [Hm? Hm? Hm? Hold on, hold on, you’ve lost me again. A Mama who was rattled due to Petelgeuse’s passing? And what the hell is up with that kerfuffle…]

White Sheep: [――For the longest time, I was also unaware of her true identity. Whenever I met her, she took on a different form, and I’ve never had a proper conversation with her either… but, it finally came to light.]

Subaru demonstrated his perplexity, but White Sheep also seemed unable to control her heightened emotions as she spoke somewhat excitedly. Instead of answering Subaru’s inquiry, her eyes glittered as she proceeded to open the lid to a secret she had borne within her for all this time.

White Sheep: [The personage whom I… whom we Beloved Children had been obeying for all this time, she is…]

Subaru: [H-hold on, my emotions haven’t caught up yet…]

White Sheep: [――Capella Emerada Lugunica.]

Subaru: [――Huh?]

At the unanticipated, turbulent echo pounding his eardrums, his perplexed contemplations immediately froze over.

The myriad of information and emotions he had yet to process all fell silent as though deluged with water, and Subaru held his breath as he fixed his eyes onto White Sheep.

She nodded back to his gaze, and once more set her thin lips into motion, delivering her statement with clarity.

White Sheep: [――The Sin Archbishop of Lust, Capella Emerada Lugunica. She is the evildoer who compelled us Beloved Children to call her Mama, and obey her.]

Subaru: [――. ――――. ――――――――. Are you for real?]

Catching the name that White Sheep had vocalized, it took quite some time for him to process it.

Crunching it, chewing it, swallowing it, and ruminating once again; he continued to repeat this process.

Subaru: [――――]

In this interval of Subaru’s silence, Russell called out “White Sheep”.

He laced his voice with a slight nuance of reprimand,

Russell: [I had intended to divulge these things in a sequenced order. It was somewhat hasty of you to have revealed that name.]

White Sheep: [Ah-, m-my apologies-. I-I started feeling impatient…]

Russell: [I did intend to inform him, but you ought to be prudent in how you handle information. Your hand of cards is tantamount to your very life. I ought to have taught you so time and again over this past year.]

White Sheep: [Y-yes…]

Her shoulders dropped disheartenedly, White Sheep shut her eyes upon Russell’s words.

However, though he felt apologetic to the slumped White Sheep, it was thanks to the time she spent being lectured that Subaru had been given the chance to recover from the shock that had caused his mind’s functions to cease.

――The Sin Archbishop of Lust, Capella Emerada Lugunica.

All of the Sin Archbishops of the Witch Cult could have been expressed in a singular phrase, the worst , but even compared to the other Sin Archbishops, Capella’s wicked disposition was the target of Subaru’s utmost revulsion.

He had encountered her only once, at the skirmish in the City Hall at the Watergate City of Pristella, but in all honesty, she could have been rightly stated as the first in his list of people he wished to never meet again if he did not have to.

Of all things, to think he would hear Capella’s name at this juncture.

Subaru: [Mama, and the Beloved Children…]

Beatrice: [When you list them out together, they make for a revolting combination of words, I suppose.]

Subaru: [On top of that, I can totally imagine her saying it… No wonder White Sheep-chan wanted to get out.]

Wrinkles forming by his eyebrows, Subaru bent his lips whilst Beatrice anxiously veered her eyes towards him.

Fortunately, Beatrice had not witnessed Capella in the flesh, and Subaru felt that was how it should remain. The Sin Archbishops were all a baleful influence for Beatrice’s developing sensibilities. Especially Capella, he would say.

White Sheep: [Mama… Capella, she gathers all kinds of children from all kinds of places, and treats every one of those children as her own little ones. Bidding us to think of her as our mother. But…]

Subaru: [Wicked, crazy, psychological harassment , I can imagine all of that… But you can’t let go of the habit?]

White Sheep: [It is quite difficult, I would say… It was seared into everyone’s bodies to ensure we never forget, after all.]

Manifesting a smile far too pitiful to be called bitter, White Sheep told of her past.

Despite being estranged from the Beloved Children, and having escaped Capella’s reign of control, to still call the object of her terror something like “Mama” to this very day was testament to the magnitude of the crisis she had savored.

And if Subaru and everyone else crushing Petelgeuse had assisted her in getting out of that hellscape――,

Subaru: [I’m really glad. That you were able to get out, White Sheep-chan.]

White Sheep: [Natsuki Subaru-san…]

Subaru: [Ah, but I think that Black Dog guy is lacking in gratitude. He seemed like he was intent on burning up both me and my adorable Beako to a crisp. He’s trying to repay the favor with spite. Unless he apologizes, I won’t forgive him.]

Beatrice: [Won’t forgive, in fact.]

Matching with Subaru as he firmly extended his finger, Beatrice pointed toward White Sheep with her own finger in an identical gesture. Watching the two fingers thrusted before her, and Subaru and Beatrice’s coinciding winks, White Sheep blinked her eyes and subsequently gave a slight smile,

White Sheep: [Yes… I understand. I will most certainly make Black Dog apologize.]

Subaru: [That would be great. Although, the enemy is Capella… is “Beloved Children” something like the name of a contingent inside the Witch Cult? Like Petelgeuse’s Fingers, or Regulus’s Brides…?]

Beatrice: [Sylphy will give you a good thrashing if she were to hear of this rendition, I suppose. Don’t say anything too heedless, in fact. Sylphy doesn’t think too favorably of you as-is, Subaru, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Even though I did contribute quite a bit for defeating Regulus… well, I welcome anybody who’ll support Emilia-tan with open arms, so I’ve gotta talk to her about our number one fave sometime so we can get hyped up together.]

Sylphy, one of the members on standby at Roswaal Mansion, was a woman who was originally Regulus’s bride, but now a firm backer of Emilia’s. Now that he thought of it, in this predicament of their camp, wherein Subaru was being pursued and even Emilia had been seized, those who had stayed behind at the mansion, including Sylphy and Ryuzu, along with the other Ryuzu Meyer replicants, were a cause for concern.

On that front, he had no choice but to set his hopes onto the personnel who could mobilize outside of the Royal Capital―― Roswaal.

Subaru: [Bearing in mind the worries for that front… how was it from your perspective, White Sheep-chan?]

White Sheep: […At the very least, I have never harbored that perception of myself. Neither have I ever met Witch Cultists.]

Subaru: [Is that, so… is the nuance something like a squad detached from the Witch Cultists, or a private army that includes the Sin Archbishop? Either way, calling them something like her beloved children just rubs me the wrong way.]

Although it was not that he despised her to the point of hating everything that had to do with her, when considering it was Capella who was involved, Subaru’s sentiment inclined toward the desire to find faults in every little thing.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru reflexively glanced at Crusch, asleep atop an adjacent bed.

Setting aside the matter of Subaru’s own arm and leg, the Dragon’s Blood poured into Crusch’s body was likewise a scar bequeathed by Capella. In Pristella, there were droves of people slumbering within ice, their forms having been changed by her hand. ――Same as Gluttony, Lust brought ruin to the lives of far too many people.

Subaru: [Also, it makes sense why Russell-san’s group was never able to get a lead on her for thirty years. She can freely alter her shape and form as she pleases. That’s why…]

Russell: [Until now, her identity was never grasped with certainty. The occasion upon which it became patent, at long last, was when the intel of the Sin Archbishop of Lust, wielding her Authority as she exposed her form at Pristella, coincided with the details of the being whom White Sheep and the rest were familiar with.]

Subaru: [So she can really just carry out conspiratorial plots and secret maneuvers as much as she wants…?]

Russell: [Indeed. The changes of heart and treasonous acts of the lords and the powerful, would be of no mystery whatsoever. ――Perhaps every single one of them has been replaced.]

Subaru: [With what she’s capable of, that sorta thing isn’t out of the question. Truly, that would be the worst case――]

Assenting to Russell’s conjecture, as he was about to spit at its vileness, Subaru took notice.

Were this conjecture to be fleshed out, it would lead to affirming something unthinkably dreadful. And that was unmistakably―― a quiet and total invasion, a crisis of the Kingdom’s very survival.

Rachins: [Oi, oi, oi, don’t tell me…]

Beatrice: [――The worst, in fact.]

Simultaneously arriving at the same thought as Subaru’s surmise, Rachins’s voice quivered, his countenance tensed, unable to articulate the possibility that lay ahead.

Likewise, Beatrice, shuddering, huddled her shoulder close to Subaru as he sat cross-legged.

Subaru: [Russell-san…]

Russell: [Indeed. All three of you imagine correctly. Thus, this is the Kingdom’s greatest peril.]

Subaru inquired, fearful of even listening to the answer he must nonetheless hearken, to which Russell gave a deep nod, having long since completed his battle against that shock and advanced onto the next stage.

And, the Director of the Six Tongues, the man vested with the duty to protect the Kingdom, divulged thus.

Russell: [It is highly feared that the Kingdom’s Council of Wise Men, as well as the majority of its upper nobles, have been replaced by Capella Emerada Lugunica, matriarch of the Beloved Children, and that the Dragon History Stone now lies in the hands of the aforementioned Lust.]

--- Chapter 22: Groundwork and Rejection ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――At the same time that Natsuki Subaru learned of the dreadnought crisis tormenting the Kingdom of Lugunica at a hideout of the Six Tongues, a scene played out in the Commercial District of the Royal Capital of Lugunica.

???: [――Thru’ some unknown means, the enemy’s already gotten their hands on the Dragon History Stone, seizin’ full control over it. Tha’s the current state the Royal Castle’s been plunged inta. I’ve filled in some of the gaps in the information with my own conjectures, but it all oughta be correct for the most part.]

???: […Indeed. It provides an adequate explanation as to why we are currently being pursued. At the very least, we ought to presume that the chain of command at the Royal Castle has been compromised.]

???: [――――]

???: [Garfiel, are you alright?]

???: [Uh? Uh, uh-huh, I’m fine… nah, to be honest, it’s just ‘cuz y’all’re talkin’ on a scale I never even imagined… so I dunno what I should even be sayin’.]

Shaking his head in reluctance, Garfiel laid bare his exceedingly honest emotions. However, Otto considered those feelings of his sworn younger brother to be unavoidable.

Otto: […After all, we are in this situation.]

To put it bluntly, Otto was in the same boat, his mind racked by identical turmoil and perplexity. Only, as one who served a different role within the camp, Otto would not be permitted to let his thoughts come to a standstill.

In the current situation, where they had been cornered to the utmost degree, Garfiel had sufficiently fulfilled his role. ――No, it was not only Garfiel. It had been the result of everyone coming together, and giving it their all.

The singular person who had failed to do so was his own self, having had his only weapon pathetically taken away from him.

Garfiel: [――Tch.]

Back against the wall of the room, Garfiel’s throat groaned in pain as he clutched one of his knees.

For the hue of vehement exhaustion to remain yet unfaded from his face, was something inconceivable for someone like Garfiel, given his absurd levels of toughness and recovery. That was simply the extent to which the opponent who had delivered the blow unto Garfiel―― Reinhard, possessed strength of such exceptionality that it transcended the realm of what was rational.

――Reinhard had obstructed the path ahead of Otto and the others, and only by playing every last card they had in their arsenal, had they managed to overcome him by the skin of their teeth; since then, a bit of time had passed.

The battle had lasted for less than a minute, but by the time the curtain fell, they were all in tatters. In particular, Garfiel, who had gone head-to-head in confrontation against Reinhard, was in a dire state, and Otto, despite having deliberately invited the opponent’s negligence, felt pathetic for having been rendered immobile by a mere graze of the chin.

It was a victory they had somehow managed to wrest free, and that had only been through the contributions of an unforeseen reinforcement: factoring in how they had been driven into such a corner in the first place, there was far too much that Otto needed to reflect on.

They were only able to hold this sort of post-mortem because the reinforcement who had converged with them had taken them here to secure a temporary safe haven, and even so.

???: [――. That’cha were even able ta shake him off, is quite the considerable feat. Even supposin’ the duty was forced upon him, not even an opposin’ force of a hundred ordinary soldiers would’ve been able ta do a thing.]

Otto: [Regardless, for that purpose, a card that ought never have been played was put into use. That which she relinquished from her life was monumental. I, for one, can never forgive that person.]

???: […Yer indignation’s completely justified. He’d also’ve resolved himself ta be resented. Tha’s what it means ta be the Sword Saint. My own rage toward the Sword Saint ain’t faded either.]

Otto: [That would be…]

As the other party placed a large palm over his bald head, Otto quietly narrowed his eyes.

Whatever he had been about to follow up with, a question, a conjecture, it did not matter, the reason he held his tongue regardless was because he had realized that he had already said something he ought not have.

However――,

???: [――I presume the ire you refer to is not toward Reinhard, but toward my wife, yes?]

In Otto’s stead as he kept his mouth shut, the elderly swordsman who had opened the door to the room―― Wilhelm, seized the conversation with a tone bearing conviction.

Entering the room, Wilhelm was accompanied by Rem, and a short-haired man of advanced age. After ushering Rem inside first, he turned back to face the other man,

Wilhelm: [Conwood, sorry for the trouble. For lending us refuge, I am in your debt.]

Conwood: [Hah, to think that Wilhelm Trias-san, once the very incarnation of arrogance and selfishness, would laudably offer me such polite gratitude, perhaps it might even snow tomorrow.]

Wilhelm: [Why you…]

Conwood: [I’m joking. ――Besides, it’s a given. It’s a given, Wilhelm. For me to lend you my assistance is a given, an act that requires no thanks at all.]

Wilhelm: [――――]

Following that tone of familiarity, Wilhelm’s cheeks stiffened at the man who made his voice quaver.

The man then relaxed his expression as if finding his old friend’s reaction quite amusing, before then turning to face Otto and Garfiel inside,

Conwood: [I am in debt to your comrade, Natsuki Subaru-dono, for his contributions during the White Whale Subjugation. It is a debt so massive that I must spend the rest of my life in the endeavor to repay it. I will not allow anybody through here, so rest assured.]

Otto: […Shopkeeper, I thank you.]

Conwood: [Like I said. The gratitude I hold is far greater… Nobody will believe that Natsuki Subaru-dono is part of the Witch Cult. The same goes for Crusch-sama.]

Leaving behind those words, the man clapped Wilhelm on the shoulder, before stepping out and closing the door behind him. Watching as the door obstructed him from view, Otto called out “Rem-san”.

Guided here by Wilhelm, this place was a private room at a tavern provided to them as a safe house. While Otto and Garfiel had been receiving the briefing, Rem had been off in another room.

The reason being――,

Otto: [Are Petra-chan and Meili-chan doing alright?]

Rem: […For the time being, they are resting. Petra-chan was quite shaken up, so it was actually Meili-chan who made efforts to calm her, but… the two of them have gone to sleep now.]

Otto: [Is that so… I understand. Thank you very much.]

Rem: [No, I haven’t done anything. More importantly, how are talks progressing?]

Otto: [――We have just finished verifying the current state of affairs, I would say.]

So did Otto reply to Rem, who bore a tense countenance while directing her pale-blue eyes to the inner part of the room.

At the end of her gaze there towered a massive figure; even while seated within the private room, his head still towered above those of Wilhelm and Otto.

A bald head, and a gigantic, aged frame with skin tanned by the sun, his name was――,

Wilhelm: [――Valga Cromwell. One of the primary figures responsible for propagating the civil war throughout the Kingdom in the past.]

Rom: […Unfortunately, I dunno who in tarnation you’re talkin’ ‘bout. I’m just Rom-jii, ain’t nothin’ more than a senile old fool with a big darn body who was livin’ in the Slums.]

Wilhelm: [That is rather shameless of you. What of the wound I carved into your chest? Are you hiding it underneath all that needlessly overdone white chest hair of yours?]

Rom: [Whatever you’re babblin’ about keeps on gettin’ more ‘n more lost on me. Why it’s none of my business, but I sure do hope I ain’t never grow old. Even the distinguished Sword Demon’s no match for the mental decline that comes with the passin’ years.]

Wilhelm: [Bastard――]

Rem: […Please stop it with the bickering, both of you. Petra-chan and Meili-chan are resting upstairs. Do we really have the time to be quarreling amongst ourselves?]

Stepping in between the feuding duo, Rem glared at them in turn. Faced with her stern gaze, Wilhelm bowed his head, and the enormous individual―― the old giant who called himself Rom-jii, cleared his throat with a cough, showing his willingness to comply with Rem.

While grateful for Rem’s intervention, Otto could not help but feel a certain sense of understanding regarding the hostile exchange between the two.

――Otto, too, was a citizen of the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica.

He was well aware of the facts: that the Sword Demon, Wilhelm van Astrea, was a hero of the Demi-Human War, and that Valga Cromwell was one of commanders of the Demi-Human Alliance during that conflict.

He had never even conceived that Valga Cromwell might somehow still be alive.

Of course, the Rom-jii in question denied any and all association with Valga, and would likely never admit to it.

Anyhow――,

Otto: [I will go ahead and just call you Rom-san, if that is alright, but… I am grateful to you for sending Wilhelm-san to reinforce us. Without that, we would have been toast by now.]

Rom: [Can’t even say that’cher exaggeratin’. With the current state o’ things, if ya were ta be locked up at the Castle, if y’ain’t at least a Royal Candidate or one o’ them Knights, ya’d just be made ta vanish one way or ‘nother, with some convenient excuse cooked up ta explain it away.]

Otto: [Made to vanish one way or another, that is…]

Rom: [Ain’t no choice but ta consider the worst possibility. Even if ya don’t like it ‘n try ta take an optimistic view, there ain’t no reason for the other party ta show any restraint… Much less now that Miklotov’s dead, yeah?]

As Rom-jii expressed a grim assessment of the situation, Rem was rendered speechless, but Otto shared the same outlook.

One must always envision the worst possibility. Ultimately, that was also connected to finding a path to survival through the clutches of death. Though, he did also consider it to be a deeply pessimistic way of thinking.

Garfiel: [Yo, Wilhelm-san, ya really saved our skins earlier.]

Thereupon, Garfiel, sitting by the wall, lightly raised a hand toward Wilhelm. At his call, Wilhelm turned to him with a “Garfiel-dono”,

Wilhelm: [That my own capabilities fell short back there, I apologize. Without cutting through you entirely to catch him off guard, my blade would not have managed to reach Reinhard.]

Garfiel: [I took yer slash knowin’ full well what I was gettin’ my amazin’ self into, so don’t sweat it. The wound ya gave me’s already mostly closed up… Tho’ when it comes to the Sword Saint’s hand strike, I still ain’t recovered one bit.]

Wilhelm: [――――]

Garfiel: [More importantly, the hell’s been happenin’ with ya, Wilhelm-san? From the sound of things, it seems like our Captain ‘n yer Duchess-san’re on the run together, but…]

Wilhelm: [Indeed. I shall inform you of what occurred on my end.]

Pronouncing so, Wilhelm solemnly began to recount the events that had happened to both himself and his lord, Crusch, leading up to this point.

Wilhelm: [After Subaru-dono and Emilia-sama paid a visit to the mansion, Crusch-sama secluded herself in her room after seeing them off. She would not let any occupants of the household come near, myself included, and neglected to eat sufficiently.]

Otto: [That… must have been quite worrying.]

Wilhelm: [Indeed. Everyone knew that things could not continue in such a manner. Thereupon, intending to seek the assistance of Crusch-sama’s father, the previous Duke, Meckart Karsten, I parted from the mansion to make the necessary arrangements. However, during that brief absence――]

Otto: [――Crusch-sama left the mansion entirely on her own, and made her way to the residence of Sir Miklotov McMahon.]

Wilhelm: [Precisely. By the time word reached my ears, the situation had already progressed past the point where aught could be done.]

With an expression that did not hide his chagrin, Wilhelm lamented his own inadequacy.

But, if Crusch had deliberately elected to take action during the spell of Wilhelm’s absence, then it would have only been a matter of sooner or later; with no real reason for him to be blamed.

But then again, when the result of that was the current situation, the Sword Demon’s self-condemnation was perhaps inevitable.

Wilhelm: [Naturally, it is utterly inconceivable that Crusch-sama would resort to such drastic measures. I immediately ascended to the Royal Castle, and raised an appeal to an old acquaintance of mine, Sir Bordeaux Zergev. However, he did not lend me an ear whatsoever, and to make matters worse, I found myself pursued by soldiers on my path of return. And there――]

Rom: [――My voice called out ta him. Ta tell ya straight, it was a tough call for me ta make.]

Wilhelm: […It was also not in my intentions to cut down the Kingdom’s soldiers and get past them by force. Still, the moment I saw this man in broad daylight, I doubted these very eyes.]

Rem: [Enough, both of you.]

The unfading anger and ties that bound them, inevitably crept into their statements as poison.

Leaving the men to endure Rem’s sharp reprimand, Otto grasped the circumstances that had brought the two of them together, including the more specific details of what had led Wilhelm there.

Otto: [In that case, what about you, Rom-san? It seems as though you were quite prepared, or rather, that you made a swift judgment.]

Rom: [I suppose it’s only natural that’cher bein’ dubious of me, but it was only just a bit ago that I began ta take action, ‘n not too much earlier than the rest of y’all. I guess ya could say it was my keen nose that tipped me off… I’ve always had a knack for smellin’ danger ‘fore it hits. Been a bit rusty for a while now, but with all the chaos as of late, that rust’s begun ta flake off.]

Otto: [I see, is that so? ――Understood.]

Rolling his large shoulders, Rom-jii gave a matter of fact response, to which Otto chose not to pry any deeper.

At the end of the day, they just happened to be facing the same direction at the moment, and their true positions were that of rival camps―― keeping one’s cards hidden was but a matter of course, so it would instead be petty to reproach him for doing so.

At the very least, Rom-jii’s actions had saved Otto and the others from their dire predicament. For now, rather than suspecting his true intentions, they ought to value his deeds with more esteem.

Rom: [You’re a darn frightenin’ young’un, ya know that? Yer eyes ain’t smilin’ one bit.]

Otto: [Forgive me. For merchants, the general rule is to smile on the outside while gloating on the inside, but lately, I have been unable to carry myself as a proper merchant. Even I am starting to find it intolerable. ――But then again, if the soft-hearted merchant is a man who would allow his own people to die, then there is absolutely no need for any such person right now.]

Rom: [――――]

Otto: […Forgive me, I said too much.]

After responding with a slight shrug, Otto rebuked himself for letting his tongue slip.

Keeping a thought to oneself was one thing, but once voiced, words were tantamount weapons. If one were to suddenly draw a blade on someone during a tense standoff, they would have no right to complain if they then proceeded to be stabbed to ribbons in return.

Indeed, the reality of his Divine Protection of the Soul of Language having been turned against him was haunting him far more than he cared to admit. As if placing a hex, he had always drummed it into his own head that tethering his entire identity to his Divine Protection was dangerous, yet as of late, he had been relying on it far too much. Now, the bill had come due.

Otto: [――Regardless, all of us here are in the same position. The Royal Castle conniving to unjustly undermine our lords… no, they are actually being rather proactive about it. Their objective is to eliminate the Royal Candidates, destroy the very premise of the Royal Selection, and seize absolute control of the Kingdom.]

Rem: [For that reason, they are vilifying both Emilia-san and that person… as well as the individuals supported by Wilhelm-san and Rom-san respectively, correct?]

Garfiel: [Emilia-sama, Felt-sama, ‘s well as Duchess-san… then, the only ones left standin’ would be Anastasia-sama ‘n that new candidate from the Church, Filóre-sama, ahh?]

Otto: [I wonder about that. If the Council of Wise Men and other participants at the crescent roundtable are using any means necessary, there are a plethora of methods that could be used to undermine Anastasia-sama. Given her Kararagian roots, they could claim that the City-States are attempting to make arrangements to invade the Kingdom… or perhaps, that she conspired with Emilia-sama within the Vollachian Empire, and wilfully plotted the murder of Priscilla-sama――]

Rem: [――Hk, please don’t joke around!]

And, when Otto speculated on the knavish plots that seemed conceivable, Rem’s voice cracked like a whip.

Tears welling in her pale-blue eyes, her breath coming in ragged gasps, she white-knuckled her fists, exposing her raw fury at Otto’s conjecture as it pertained to Priscilla’s death―― at the statement of it being debased.

Rem: [I absolutely will not allow for Priscilla-san… for that person’s death to be tarnished, and used for some scheme! If you are truly saying that in earnest, I will not excuse it…! If word of this catches Abel-san’s ears, it will mean war with Vollachia!]

Otto: [To be frank, it is nothing of a joke. To treat Emilia-sama so coldly after she returned with the fruits of a treaty of friendship secured with the Empire, is tantamount to spitting right in the face of the Empire that recognized her. It would be a ridiculous reason to start a war, but plenty of wars throughout history have been fought over ridiculous reasons. Besides…]

Rom: [――Even supposin’ it comes down ta war, there’s a Reinhard. Seizin’ control of the Royal Castle means they also got the power ta mobilize the Sword Saint. Ta prevent that from happenin’ til now, the authority ta issue orders ta the Sword Saint’s always been strictly managed, but… the enemy’s gone ‘n gotten their hands on it now.]

Otto: [Such a thing…]

Ultimately, that was truly the worst-case scenario, but Rom-jii did not dismiss Otto’s logic, and instead, actually paved the way for an even greater nightmare by filling in the missing pieces.

At that scale of such overwhelming dread, both Rem and Garfiel, fresh off slipping past Reinhard in a life-threatening clash, were struck speechless.

Merely, a single person――,

Wilhelm: [――As I feared, the Divine Protection of the Sword Saint, is it?]

Indeed, in a voice so hushed that almost nobody’s ears could pick up on it, the Sword Demon merely muttered to himself.

Otto: […Judging by the circumstances, it is clear that the enemy bears the will to attack the Royal Selection itself. And with that as the case, there is no doubt that the one recently risen to center stage, Filóre-sama, as well as the Church of the Divine Dragon backing her, are to be considered hostile. Also, just to confirm, regarding the princess who went missing fifteen years prior…]

Rom: [――Felt’s Felt, ‘n that’s that. Ain’t no other answer.]

Intent on keeping the conversation from grinding to a halt, Otto attempted to map out the situation and confirm a certain possibility, but in response, Rom-jii’s words firmly, and clearly cut him off.

It was a denial that completely smothered the question, and perhaps feeling it would be unkind to leave it at just that, Rom-jii appended a calm “Merely” under the numerous gazes shifted toward him,

Rom: [This talk ‘bout the Church of the Divine Dragon’s harborin’ the missin’ princess sounds like nothin’ but baloney. Regardless of them keepin’ a distance with the Royal Castle, for ‘em ta keep those circumstances hidden for over a year since the Royal Selection started, is utterly inconceivable when the survival of the Kingdom’s on the line.]

With his opinion resolute, yet his demeanor indefinite, Rom-jii was indisputably hiding something.

Naturally, that only caused the eyes of the Sword Demon stabbing at the old giant to grow sharper.

Wilhelm: [――――]

It was said that fifteen years prior, as the Commander of the Royal Guard, Wilhelm had been the man in charge of the search for the missing princess. So this time around, his desire to uncover the truth behind the princess suspicions surrounding both Felt and Filóre must have been much stronger than anyone else.

But then again, the mettle of a man suspected of being one of the three heads of the Demi-Human Alliance was not so frail of heart as to buckle under the tenacity dwelling within the glint of those eyes.

Anyhow――,

Rem: […The direness of the situation has been grasped.]

Breathing a light sigh, Rem straightened her posture, and forcibly shifted her emotions aside. Then, sweeping her eyes across Otto, Garfiel, and the other people in the room,

Rem: [To be clear, I am also extremely worried about that person who isn’t here with us right now, but currently, Emilia-san and Nee-sama in the Castle are in danger, correct? Just how are we going to get the two of them… no, Felt-san as well. How are we going to get them out of there?]

Garfiel: [No matter how ya look at it, the other side’s packin’ the likes of Reinhard ‘n the Commander of the Knights, so chargin’ in through the front door ain’t an option. It’s somethin’ like “Gaddogi Guadozeado hidin’ away in the mountains”. We need a plan, Ottobro.]

Garfiel, who had shouldered a large burden from the battle with Reinhard, nodded in agreement with Rem, and turned toward Otto in eager anticipation of their gameplan from here.

The two of them were of course concerned about Emilia, detained within the Castle as she was, but to an even greater extent, they would have been sick with worry for the well-being of Ram, who had accompanied the former as her attendant.

Thus, it would be truly painful to deliver these next words to them, but――,

Otto: [――No, we will prioritize escaping from the Royal Capital from this point forth. We simply do not have the margin to get Emilia-sama, Ram-san, as well as Felt-sama, out from the Royal Castle.]

Rem & Garfiel: [Wha――!?]

Widening their eyes in shock, Garfiel and Rem cried out in unison. Then, Garfiel struck his hand against the wall to force his body up, and howled “Ottobro!”,

Garfiel: [Escapin’… ya mean we ain’t gonna rescue ‘em!? The hell are ya playin’ at!?]

Otto: [I am not playing at anything else. It is exactly as I said. As it stands now, we have neither the provisions nor the forces to bring Emilia-sama and the others out from their captivity in the Castle. Any half-baked plan we throw together will just be crushed by brute force, with all of us merely delivering ourselves into the hands of the enemy. We cannot afford to fight such a losing battle.]

Rem: [A losing battle… but, Nee-sama and Emilia-san are both still…]

Otto: [I understand. However, even if the enemy has already seized control of the Royal Castle, they will not be able to lay their hands on a Royal Candidate so readily. Even with Reinhard-san acting as a dog on their leash, he would not be able to turn a blind eye were they to take such measures. Their freedom may be entirely stripped away, but there is a high chance that so long as Emilia-sama and the rest remain within the Castle, no harm can be done to them. That is my belief.]

Garfiel: [B-but still…]

With the utmost composure, Otto paid mind to not let any emotion slip into his voice, and on the other end of that, Garfiel and Rem were greatly shaken, their emotions put out into the open. But, watching over that interaction between Otto and the other two, Rom-jii raised a massive hand, and interjected with a “Listen up, aight?”.

Rom: [I’m with the young’un on this one. Even if they’re in the Castle, Felt ‘n them others’ll manage somehow. Rather, what’s more dreadful is that any movements on our side’d end up givin’ ‘em a pretext. That incident with the Witchbeasts ought’ve already worsened the situation. I’d like ta avoid anythin’ more.]

Rem: [Rom-jiisan, so even you share Otto-san’s opinion…? What about you, Wilhelm-san?]

Wilhelm: [――. I understand your anguish for your lady and sister, Rem-dono. However, it is a fool’s plan to challenge a perfectly prepared opponent while resigned to a disadvantage… as galling as it is to admit, Valga might have a point.]

Wilhelm slowly shook his head as he delivered his verdict, forcing Rem to bite her lip in silence.

Otto understood her frustrations painfully well. Moreover, in order to prevent her and Garfiel from protesting any further, there was something Otto had deliberately not spoken of.

Even if the Council of Wise Men had fallen under the enemy’s control, they would not be able to do harm to Royal Candidates. ――However, that absolute protection did not extend to their attendants and chaperones.

And Ram, having volunteered as attendant, had been resolved for that possibility from the very beginning, and had thus refused to yield that position to either Rem or Petra.

Garfiel: […Ottobro, we’re gonna be leavin’ the Royal Capital, but what about Captain ‘n the others?]

Otto: [――. Converging with them would be rather difficult. I cannot rely on my Divine Protection right now either. If we choose heedless parties to speak to, our internal state of affairs will be leaked. We simply cannot afford to take that kind of risk .]

If only his Divine Protection of the Soul of Language could be employed to the fullest, it would have been possible to search for Subaru and the rest through sheer numbers, deliver a message to him, and designate a safe rendezvous point.

Now that such options had been robbed from them, tracking Subaru’s group down without a foothold would be an impossibility.

Wilhelm: [Valga, I will not probe deeply. But surely, a man like you ought to be able to do something about Crusch-sama and Subaru-dono…]

Rom: [You’re givin’ quite the high appraisal of a mere senile old fool from the Slums, but unfortunately I ain’t able ta live up ta yer expectations here. It ain’t that I’m puttin’ on airs or holdin’ back outta spite either. The unreliable threads’ve already frayed. Ain’t a damn prospect of tyin’ ‘em back together either.]

Wilhelm: [When it matters most, you prove utterly usele… no, I suppose I am no different.]

Almost letting a spiteful remark slip by reflex, Wilhelm hesitated, catching himself with a wave of self-reflection. Rom-jii cut a sideways glance at him, a sense of bitterness lingering in his eyes that suggested his words bore no lies.

Ultimately, they had no cards to play. Amidst such a situation, Rem, tightly gripping the hem of her skirt,

Rem: [I believe in Nee-sama and the others in the Castle. And I believe that if those of us here join our forces together, we will also find a way. But, that person, and he alone… he will absolutely do something reckless. I just know it.]

Garfiel: [Rem…]

Rem: [No, it is not just me. Garf, Otto-san, you both also know, right? At times like these, that person will absolutely try to do things far beyond his own stature. And because of that, he’ll surely end up severely hurting himself again. And even so…]

I can’t be by his side . Indeed, as Rem seethed with frustration from the bottom of her heart, nobody could say anything to her.

That was surely because everyone present here had been involved with Subaru in some form, had been saved by his actions exactly as Rem had described, and had directly witnessed him getting hurt by doing so.

Rem: […Beatrice-chan will have to take on quite the burden.]

For now, the only one of them by Subaru’s side was Beatrice, the entire camp’s sole hope to function as a safety net for him―― and, before Otto and the others as they thought just that, Wilhelm stepped forward, saying “No”.

Standing before Rem as she hung her head low, he gently placed his hand on her shoulder,

Wilhelm: [It is natural to worry. However, it is not only Beatrice-dono who is together with Subaru-dono. Crusch-sama is with him as well.]

Rom: [――. Tho’, word on the street’s that the Duchess’s gone completely mad. Matter of fact, didn’t she sneak away from the mansion behind yer back?]

Wilhelm: [Shut your mouth, Valga. What would a bastard like you possibly understand about that personage?]

Rom: [――――]

Wilhelm: [As you say, I myself might have been deceived. However, Crusch-sama would have had some purpose in mind. Until I hear it directly from her own mouth, I shall not presumptuously jump to any conclusions.]

Rather than a tit-for-tat, Wilhelm’s voice held true to a firm core, and with loyalty to his absent lord dwelling within his blue eyes, he looked upon Rem, and then around at everyone else within the room.

Wilhelm: [Even if she has lost her memories, the virtue of her innermost heart remains unsullied. It is not merely an obligation I owe her due to the matter of my wife. ――With the entirety of my soul, I have resolved to install that lady as Monarch.]

Garfiel: [Wilhelm-san…]

Wilhelm: [That very Crusch-sama is with him. Subaru-dono is also a man who is a cut above the rest. Even Beatrice-dono, while she may appear as a tender young child while together with Subaru-dono, I have heard she is a Great Spirit who has lived for many long years. There is no doubt in my mind, they shall shatter all the anxieties we hold.]

Woven without haste, those words were not intended to persuade Rem, rather, it was a manner of phrasing as if to paint the world over with his own hopes, unyieldingly asserting that such must be the case.

It was a statement that conveyed even a pridefulness of sorts, however, coming from the mouth of the Sword Demon, who had once defeated the Sword Saint by his own hand, claiming her from the clutches of fate as his bride, it carried a convincing weight that compelled one to believe it so.

An inexplicable force, one that made it feel as though reality would truly unfold in the manner that had been presented.

And that――,

Garfiel: […Sounded like somethin’ Captain’d say.]

Wilhelm: [If that is the case, it is a truly honorable appraisal.]

As Garfiel gave voice to that which Otto had also felt, Wilhelm deeply bowed his head. And basking in the Sword Demon’s appeal firsthand, the tension suddenly drained from Rem’s shoulders.

Anxiety yet lingered amidst her eyes and expression, however, as Rem nevertheless raised her visage with courage,

Rem: [Forgive me, I lost my composure. You are right. If he has Beatrice-chan and Karsten-san to turn to, then that person’s reckless stunts will be contained to just one or two… will it truly end at just one or two, I wonder?]

Otto: [Just now, it seemed like you came to some level of acceptance, so for you to falter there at the end is a bit discouraging…]

Garfiel: [Even if it ends up as three or four, Beatrice’ll manage to take care of it…! Right now, believin’ in that’s the best our amazin’ selves can do.]

With those words, even though he had yet to purge his own apprehensions either, Garfiel hid his unease and gnashed his fangs, causing Rem to smile back at him, albeit faintly.

The same held true for Otto. In this situation, nobody would be able to fully expunge their own worries before taking action. If an undesirable outcome were to emerge later on, they might end up regretting the decisions they made today.

Even so, in order to overcome their faltering in this moment, they had no choice but to choose.

Otto: [Then, once again―― we shall depart the Royal Capital.]

Clearing his throat, Otto looked over all the people in the room, and declared their course of action a second time.

The Royal Castle had already fallen into the enemy’s hands, and they had become wanted fugitives being hunted by the soldiers of the Royal Capital. A single misstep could mean having the Sword Saint deployed against them, and if they were caught, it would be the end of the road with even their lives placed into jeopardy.

For them to flee the Royal Capital in such a state, one might naturally think that they had tucked their tails and run.

However, let it be explicitly said.

Otto: [This is by no means a defeat. ――It is merely the groundwork for victory, such that next time, no matter what, we shall return a devastating blow to the opponent and claim our rightful triumph.]

Garfiel: [Heh, those’re some inflammatory words absolutely brimmin’ with yer exact brand of hotheadedness, Ottobro!]

Otto: [Though, I really cannot accept that evaluation in the slightest!]

Amidst the nodding faces, Otto raised his voice at Garfiel as the latter scratched his nose, before he nodded back at Rem, and shifted his attention beyond the walls―― toward the Royal Capital.

He did not know where they were. And still, he thought of Subaru and Beatrice, who, much like Otto and the rest, must have been struggling and flailing about at some dead end within this Royal Capital.

There was no end to his anxiety. After all, just like Rem had said, Subaru would likely be doing something reckless.

――He did not want to allow that to happen. That was how Otto truly felt.

Otto: […Even so, you would probably do something reckless either way, would you not?]

The murmur that had no chance of reaching its target was absorbed into the wall, and Otto pulled his hat down over his eyes.

If it was for the sake of living up to someone else’s expectations or wishes, the fact that the man known as Natsuki Subaru would not hesitate to place his own life and heart on the scales, was something Otto knew to a painful degree.

That is why, truthfully, I do not wish to rely on him, nor should I.

After all, I fear that if I were to count Natsuki Subaru as “someone who will somehow fix everything in the end”, just like everyone else, it would be tantamount to preying upon his kindness and his vulnerability.

That is why, please, at the very least.

Please, I pray that Natsuki Subaru does not get consumed by his own recklessness, lest he be utterly crushed by it.

Even if they were worlds apart, they would all do what must be done in order to fight back against this unreason and absurdity; so did Otto think to himself, bearing bitter feelings all the while.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Achoo.]

Beatrice: [Your body must be cold, I suppose. Are you alright, in fact?]

Subaru: [Nah, my nose just felt itchy all of a sudden, that’s all… Though I’ve definitely grown a bit pale.]

Sneezing upon the impulse that abruptly assailed into his nose, Subaru loosened his lips at the concerned Beatrice, however, unable to uphold even a wry smile, he let out a sigh.

That was how shocking the impact of what he heard from Russell had been―― secret maneuvers by Capella of Lust, and the horridness of the circumstances that had befallen the Kingdom of Lugunica.

Subaru: [It’s cliché for a wielder of a shapeshifting ability to be troublesome, but… for it to have gotten this bad. I get how she’s been tormenting Russell-san’s group for thirty years.]

Russell: [To be precise, what she has been tormenting was the Kingdom, and we have been endeavouring to put an end to that, would be more accurate to say. Although, I cannot talk up a big game considering our present predicament.]

Beatrice: [It is clear that you have been holding her off at the shoreline, I suppose. But, something doesn’t add up, in fact. Why did a tug of war that’s been going for thirty years suddenly tip towards one side, I suppose?]

White Sheep: [That’s… I believe we might be the reason.]

The edges of her eyes softened and her head hung low in dejection, White Sheep professed that of herself.

Before the puzzled Subaru and Beatrice, while she conceived her irises with a sense of guilt and self-reproach,

White Sheep: [After we got out of the Beloved Children, and converged with Silver Fox and the others this way, we had a multitude of opportunities to trip up the enemy’s plans. And so, I think Mama took notice due to that. ――That the Six Tongues, had gotten a lead on her trail.]

Subaru: [Well, with traitors having emerged from her own group, it’s only natural she’d think that… or is it different? That Capella’s the type to forget and never think back on someone once they escape her clutches?]

White Sheep: [No, instead, she is a person with the disposition to remember those things forever.]

Subaru: [I bet! I had the exact same interpretation. Truly, she’s so detestable, that bastard…]

Subaru spat those words, his cognizance of Capella’s distorted nature reinforced anew. As though to add on to Subaru’s back and forth with White Sheep, Russell held one finger up as well,

Russell: [Just as she says, the enemy is likely aware of the new cards we have been dealt. At the time of the Witch Cult’s simultaneous besiegement of Pristella, the reason why Lust boldly revealed herself despite never having surfaced until then, was plausibly aimed at making us recognize her existence.]

Subaru: [Recognize her existence, what good would that sorta stunt do…?]

Russell: [――The Six Tongues has already eliminated seven Capella Emerada Lugunicas.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Russell: [It is the truth. On the occasions of reported sightings of individuals with outward features matched with those of the Lust who was confirmed in Pristella, we have no choice but take measures in order to ascertain it. Of course, during those intervals, other plots utilizing the Beloved Children were being carried out. This time is the result of a blunder on my end, having overextended far too much in dealing with those instances.]

Beatrice: […It goes without even needing to ask, but were those seven people counterfeits, in fact?]

Russell: [Indeed. I need not even relay it.]

With his delivery matter-of-fact to no end, Russell emotionlessly explained how he was outmaneuvered by the opponent, but if Subaru were to be in his position, he could not imagine himself as not being indignant, screaming out to not mess with him.

For Capella, were even her atrocities at Pristella, deeds that had birthed a myriad of tragedies, naught more than the groundwork for a stratagem purposed to trifle with the Six Tongues and seize the Kingdom in the future?

All while destroying, deforming the lives of so many people, and leaving them behind in her wake?

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Beatrice: […Subaru, what you’re feeling is understandable, but calm down, I suppose. You’re just going to hurt yourself, in fact.]

Subaru: [Eh? Ah, sorry. I got carried away…]

His teeth grit, his head hung low, Subaru’s chest was struck by Beatrice’s back as she remained seated within his crossed legs. What she gently laid her hands upon was Subaru’s right arm, into which he had been subconsciously digging his nails.

Upon closer inspection, the handkerchief that had been wrapped around the burns he had sustained at the McMahon residence had been removed, and were now replaced with clean bandages. The nails on his left hand had been attempting to claw into the surface of those bandages. As he was about to apologize for that subconscious action, he noticed something suddenly. ――The pain from his burns had completely vanished.

Subaru: [Was this, something that Russell-san did… no, was it White Sheep-chan?]

White Sheep: [Eh? Ah, you would be mistaken. That was the doing of Blue Snake-san…]

Subaru: [Blue Snake?]

Russell: [――One of my subordinates. A skilled practitioner of the healing arts, and while it may have been presumptuous to not consult you first, I assigned them to handle the majority of your treatment whilst you were asleep. I hope it causes you no malease.]

Subaru: [Ah, nah, not at all. I actually feel less discomfort than I probably should.]

Lightly rolling his wrist, he tried waving his arm around, and it certainly felt like it all was in peak condition.

Regardless of their insufficiency of Mana, Beatrice had done everything in her power to perform first aid treatment, and yet for those burns to now be healed to this extent, Russell’s subordinate seemed to be of considerable excellence.

When it came to wounds, the ones sustained by Crusch and Rachins ought to have been healed as well.

But then again――,

Rachins: [――Dad…]

Plunged deep into thought, his hand over his mouth, that was the least of what was weighing on Rachins at present.

With the Royal Castle ensnared in Capella’s evil clutches, if it was true that the upper nobles, starting with the Council of Wise Men, had been replaced, it was likely that Rachins’s own father would have been included among them.

From the way he spoke, Rachins gave the impression of harboring a rebellious sentiment towards his father; however, within the surprising intellect he would display from time to time beneath his bravado, it certainly seemed like there was a strong conviction rooted in his upbringing.

Neither did that conviction seem to be unrelated to the very father in question.

Subaru: [Rachins, you alright?]

Rachins: […It’s just that I got stripped half-naked. It ain’t no big deal.]

Subaru: [――. I see. Got it.]

Despite probably grasping the motivation behind that question, Rachins nonetheless responded in such a manner, and Subaru respected his decision.

It was only natural for him to be worried. And right now, Subaru neither possessed the means to resolve the problem, nor was Rachins feeling at all eager to open up about his feelings.

Feelings of concern for those held dear were by no means light. From his own experiences, he would be hard-pressed to say that talking about it would make it any easier, so he could never force Rachins to do such a thing. Of course, if the latter had wanted to talk about it, he would be willing to listen, but――,

???: [――Oiiiii oi, are you finally finished with all the tediously tiresome talk?]

And, as if to completely bulldoze that delicate atmosphere, the door of the infirmary was violently swung open.

Striding in with inconsiderate footsteps was the dangerous individual donning a clown mask over his black garb―― with an enormous sack hanging from one of his arms, it was Black Dog.

Since Subaru and the others were alright, it only made sense that he was too, but,

Subaru: [You sure like to interrupt, don’t you… right now, we’re in the middle of an important conversation.]

Black Dog: [My oh my it’s truly wonderful that you keep so busy in life. Though you seem like the type of guy who’d say you’re always struggling to survive anyway, so there’s not a single moment or instant of your life that’s not spent having an important conversation!]

White Sheep: [Black Dog, please stop! Natsuki Subaru-san is our benefactor!]

Black Dog: [Oh, acting like a goody two-shoes now aren’t we? For a harpy who’s so good at getting others to wag their tails for her, to say you aren’t wagging your own tail enough isn’t an act of taking your hat off, it’s one of taking your pants off, kuhahahaha!]

White Sheep: [~~Hk!]

After White Sheep scolded Black Dog’s insolent attitude, his counterattack caused her face to flush red.

Considering that these two had dropped out from the Beloved Children together, it did not seem like their relationship was one of complete reciprocated trust like that of Subaru and Beatrice.

Of course, Subaru thought to side with White Sheep, but――,

Russell: [You speak far too many unnecessary things, Black Dog. Keep it short.]

Black Dog: [Tch, we’ll be prepared to get a move on shortly, so the rest of you also need to get ready, that’s all!]

Beatrice: [Wakyan, I suppose!]

Subaru: [Woah, what the hell!?]

Speaking in a coarse manner, Black Dog suddenly hurled the sack he had been carrying over to Subaru and Beatrice. As the two of them evaded it reflexively, the sack plopped down on top of the bed.

With excitement, White Sheep opened up the mouth of the sack, and present within――,

Russell: [――They are robes with the effect of “cognitive disruption”. I acquired them through Roswaal. We have provisioned them for Natsuki-dono, Beatrice-dono, and Crusch-sama. Ah, there is a spare for Rachins-dono as well.]

Rachins: [Why thank you for throwing me in like an extra!]

As Rachins resentfully spat those words at his poor treatment, Subaru raised an eyebrow at the sound of “cognitive disruption”, something he had not heard for a while now, before taking out the robes and laying them out on Beatrice’s lap.

They were fashioned of white fabric. It was uncertain to Subaru by mere touch, but Beatrice nodded with a “Hm”,

Beatrice: [Certainly, there is no doubt that Roswaal had a hand in this, in fact. With this, there is more credence to the notion that goatee over there is a friend of Roswaal’s, I suppose.]

Subaru: [You say it as if it’s a disappointing revelation… for wanted persons like us, these robes are quite appreciated, but did you just say we’ll be moving? Is this not the base of the Six Tongues?]

Russell: [No, this is nothing more than one of our several smaller outposts. It is insufficient in combatting the present might of the Beloved Children… we shall vacate before long.]

Subaru: [But that’s… no, I guess you guys would know how fearsome the opponent is far better than I do, Russell-san. Sorry, I know I’m just along for the ride here. I’ll comply with your directions.]

Just when he thought things were finally calming down, being told that they would be back on the move so soon, Subaru instinctively tried to push back, but quickly retracted his opinion.

It had already been explained to him more than enough just how fearsome and meticulous this enemy was. If he had not been able to unite with Russell and the others, there was no doubt he would still be under pursuit by this invisible enemy even now.

For this reason, Subaru settled on following Russell’s intentions here.

However――,

Subaru: [And so, are we moving right away? Or rather, I wonder if our next destination is far from here…]

Russell: [Indeed. It might take some time. ――After all, we will be departing the Royal Capital.]

Subaru: […Eh?]

Unable to swallow the explanation that struck his eardrums, Subaru widened his eyes.

Thinking he had perhaps misheard, he waited for Russell to weave a different combination of words; but, those hopes of Subaru’s were in vain, for Russell’s expression wavered not.

Naturally, as the seconds continued to tick by, Subaru would have no choice but to gulp down the words that had just been spoken to him――,

Beatrice: [――We cannot assent to that so easily, in fact. From your current manner of speech, we would be abandoning Emilia within the Castle, I suppose.]

Russell: [Indeed. Please do not misunderstand when I tell you this, but we cannot spare any measures to converge with the fugitive members of your camp within the Royal Capital. We are already in the palm of the enemy’s hand. If we fail to act before that hand closes, sealing off all our remaining opportunities, it will be irreparable.]

Subaru: [That, would be… but…]

Russell: [Allow me to reiterate. We shall abandon this outpost, and flee the Royal Capital. At present, this city is a nest of evil under the control of the Beloved Children. ――Defeat is not an option.]

――Exhibiting a strong sense of resolve and dignity, Russell rejected the prospect of defeat, rendering Subaru speechless.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru’s understanding, was naive. Shallow. Insufficient.

The situation was far worse than Subaru had imagined, and they were already on the precipice of defeat―― whilst unawares, they had been marched to the execution scaffold, the hour for their heads to roll fast approaching. That was the position they were in.

But――,

Beatrice: [Subaru, Subaru, look at Betty, in fact. Betty is right here with you, I suppose.]

As Subaru nervously trembled with such thoughts, Beatrice turned herself around and embraced him outright. At the sensation of her small palm caressing his back, Subaru remembered how to breathe, realizing he had forgotten how to do so.

Subaru: [I get what you’re saying, Russell-san, I get it, I really do. It’s just, Emilia…]

Parting with the Royal Capital, which had fallen into the hands of the enemy, they would renounce defeat, and craft the opportunity to rise anew.

He understood the intent in that. He even understood the rationale. As it was now, the Royal Capital was nothing but perilous, and their inability to take drastic measures fell perfectly in line with the enemy’s wishes. ――Could he really abandon Emilia in such a place? Could he really give up on converging with his absent comrades, and run away?

Standing before such a juncture, Natsuki Subaru would――,

Russell: [――White Sheep.]

White Sheep: […Hk, understood.]

Before Subaru, as he shared an embrace with Beatrice, his thoughts leading him nowhere, Russell abruptly called out to White Sheep. Heeding his call, White Sheep faintly stammered on her words, and nodded.

Then, she walked over to the bedside, and softly clasped Subaru’s hand with both of her own.

Subaru: [White Sheep-chan…?]

White Sheep: [I understand how you must feel, painfully so. The decision to willfully distance yourself from someone precious to you is as agonizing as your own body being torn apart. But, to then merely resign yourself to dying together… you wouldn’t do that, right?]

Subaru: [――――]

White Sheep: [Please, have faith in us. With the strength of Duchess Karsten, and now with you here, Natsuki Subaru-san, we will surely not lose. Please, I beg of you…]

Eyes flickering on the verge of tears, White Sheep fervently attempted to persuade Subaru.

It was nothing more than a platitude, an idealism, a canned conclusion that Subaru had already repeated to himself tens, hundreds of times just so that he could accept it. ――Even so, for some strange reason, when spoken to him from the lips of White Sheep, it truly moved his heart.

Subaru: [――Russell-san, as for Emilia and the others in the Castle…]

Russell: [The other party will likely refrain from laying hands on a Royal Candidate. Even if their freedom is restricted, their personal safety will not be violated. I have a collaborator keeping watch.]

To Subaru’s question, posed after a deep breath in, and a deep breath out, thus did Russell respond.

It felt like he had intended to remove as much of Subaru’s apprehensions as possible, and was likely the maximum degree of consideration and concession that Russell could offer.

Emilia’s safety was at the discretion of the enemy, and the well-being of his comrades was up to their own respective strengths―― considering the opponent they were up against, he could not deny that it felt like a disadvantageous gamble.

Even so――,

Subaru: [――I… will rescue Emilia no matter what. The same goes for everyone else. Don’t you forget it.]

As the ardent black flames erupting within the depths of his chest made him feel as if his entire body was being scorched, he steeled his resolve.

At Subaru’s answer, Beatrice’s body tensed, and White Sheep, still holding his hand, let out a feeble sigh. Watching over that exchange in silence, Rachins found himself at the dagger’s edge of Russell’s gaze, and while brimming with displeasure, he stuck out his tongue in a manner to indicate that he did not object.

Merely, a single person, leaning his back against the wall, and placing his hand over the mask covering his face, Black Dog alone――,

Black Dog: [――Kuha, drop dead and go to hell, damn piece of shit.]

Indeed, a loathsome mutter directed to nobody in particular fell to the floor of that room reeking of medicine, and disappeared.

--- Chapter 23: Search for the Best Course of Action ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――No matter how many times he gazed up at it, the Royal Castle of Lugunica was ever so distant, its chalky white walls nearly swallowed up by the evening sky.

Subaru: [――Emilia.]

Those words escaped him as a mutter, a profound sense of sorrow sojourning within Subaru’s heart.

Within the Castle situated at the highest point of the Royal Capital, Emilia was being held captive. Ultimately, it was Subaru’s wish to seat her upon the throne of that place, and absolutely not to chain her to a prison cell.

Beatrice: […Emilia is a Royal Candidate, in fact. At the very least, they ought to treat her hospitably on the surface, I suppose. There is no way they would confine her in a cell, in fact.]

Subaru: [I know. I know that, I really do. But, that’s not what…]

Beatrice: [――――]

Subaru: [Ah, sorry… I see that you were just trying to cheer me up.]

Beatrice: [It’s fine, I suppose. Being able to encourage a hard-pressed Subaru is the special privilege of being his partner , in fact. Petra and Rem would be crying in frustration, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Setting Petra aside, I do wonder about Rem. Would she really be frustrated?]

Flashing a wry smile, Subaru was astonished that he had even been able to put on such a smile.

Until this very moment, as he reflected both on his own powerlessness, and on Emilia, whom he had been left with no choice but to leave behind, his heart had been on the verge of bursting apart; despite all of that, Beatrice simply being here with him was tremendously impactful.

Glancing at her, the Spirit in question shot him an adorable smug look, and let out another small sigh.

――Subaru and Beatrice, along with the agents who had been present at the Six Tongues outpost, were making preparations to depart on schedule in accordance with Russell’s instructions.

Rather boldly, this outpost was located among some of the largest warehouses within the Commercial District. Standing near the bulwark sectioning off the adjacent Noble District, it gave but a glimpse into the approach the Six Tongues took to concealing themselves―― blending into the scenery of the Royal Capital, and existing as a natural part of it.

At present, Subaru and Beatrice had circled around to the back of the outpost, gazing up at the Royal Castle of Lugunica where Emilia remained until the very last preparation for escape was ready.

Subaru: [――――]

Unlike Subaru, Beatrice, and Crusch, the latter having continued to slumber with her consciousness having yet to return, Rachins did not oppose the idea of escaping the Royal Capital. Along with him, the primary members included White Sheep, Black Dog―― and the man leading them all, Russell; however, outside of them, it seemed like there were also multiple personnel engaged in undercover operation and the disruption of information.

Just as one would expect from an intelligence agency in direct service to the Kingdom, everything they did was on an enormous scale.

Beatrice: [Regardless, even with that much power, we have been completely outplayed, in fact.]

Subaru: [But, we’re not gonna keep getting outplayed forever. That’s why we’re escaping now, it’s a running start for our comeback later.]

Beatrice: [A running start, I suppose. ――It was a bit surprising, in fact.]

As Subaru vocalized his unyielding resolve, Beatrice, holding his hand, suddenly muttered those words. Hearing that, Subaru inclined his head and uttered “Surprising?”, causing Beatrice to slightly frown,

Beatrice: [Subaru, your decision to leave the Royal Capital was made far too quickly, I suppose. Both to leave Emilia behind, and to not converge with Otto and the others, ought to have been difficult decisions, in fact.]

Subaru: [That… isn’t wrong, and the same’s true even now. Before we left to go over to Miklotov-san, I was talking with Emilia-tan about what we’d do for lunch. Today, she was looking forward to making packed lunches together with Rem and Petra… but now, this happened.]

Beatrice: [Subaru…]

Subaru: [It pains me, and it weighs on me heavily. Even so, Beako, the fact you weren’t against it either, means that you also understand that this is the best course of action, right? You get it too?]

The tone of Subaru’s voice fell into a pitiful manner, and a bit afterward, Beatrice deeply nodded her head.

Though she had not said it back there, Beatrice had also known that staying in the Royal Capital would have meant engaging in a dragged-out losing battle. Regardless, the fact that she did not try to rush Subaru’s decision was both due to her consideration, and for the sake of Subaru’s own conviction.

It had been to ensure that Subaru would be able to make his own choice, rather than giving up because someone told him to do so, leaving him with no other option.

Subaru: [Adorable and strict as ever, that’s my Beako.]

Beatrice: [Moreover, this adorableness and strictness is guaranteed for life, I suppose.]

Subaru: [What a bargain. It’s a good thing I’m contracted to Beako Insurance.]

Ruffling her hair, Subaru’s heart was purified by his partner’s reliability.

Even though she would have usually been trying to escape while saying “Stop it, in fact~!” by now, this was likely another one of the considerations Beatrice was taking for Subaru’s heart.

And, thereupon――,

???: [The final preparations to depart will be ready shortly. Are the two of you good to go?]

The voice that called out to them had belonged to White Sheep.

A woman dressed in a white robe over a black suit―― like Subaru and Beatrice, she too was clad in that article of “cognitive disruption”, and with her hair now let down, she exuded a bit of a different atmosphere.

By combining “cognitive disruption” with a light disguise, the resultant style was that of concealing identity.

Subaru: [Heh?]

White Sheep: [Wh-what is it? Do I look strange somewhere?]

Subaru: [Ahh, sorry, sorry, it’s not that. It’s just that you’re giving off quite the different impression compared to when you were just wearing the suit . Between the two, this current outfit feels much more in line with your personality, White Sheep-chan.]

White Sheep: [That’s… that might be the case. Before Silver Fox took me in… when I was still with Mama, I would wear these kinds of clothes most of the time.]

Subaru: [Ah, sorry. I brought back those memories.]

Having caused her to recall unpleasant recollections, Subaru tried to apologize, but White Sheep replied “No” with a faint smile. Stroking her long, indigo hair,

White Sheep: […I should be the one apologizing. I’m sorry.]

Subaru: [――? What are you apologizing for?]

White Sheep: [Even though it was our own circumstances, I ended up rushing you… that’s the reason. I’m sure you would have wanted more time to make your decision, Natsuki Subaru-san.]

With her eyes downcast, as White Sheep seemed to have a harder time speaking about it, a wry smile subconsciously emerged on Subaru’s face.

Having escaped the Beloved Children under Capella’s dominion, White Sheep was now a member of the Six Tongues headed by Russell, but her inherent good nature was certainly not suited to being the subordinate of a villain or being a spy. After all, she was even willing to take responsibility for the time Subaru had been given to make his decision.

Subaru: [You don’t have to burden yourself with my problems. I don’t believe that you rushed me either. If anything, I’m grateful to you for giving me the necessary information needed to make my decision.]

White Sheep: [Natsuki Subaru-san…]

Subaru: [But if you’re still going to feel daunted either way, then, could you at least stop with that?]

White Sheep: [Huh?]

Subaru: [The way you’re calling me “Natsuki Subaru-san”, with my full name . Either “Natsuki-san” or “Subaru-san” is fine, though I wonder which you’d prefer. I’ll be ready for it, so don’t worry.]

Shrugging his shoulders, Subaru attempted to dramatize as much amiability as possible through his request, and receiving that, White Sheep widened her eyes, her lips repeatedly opening and closing for a short while.

Witnessing White Sheep in such a state, Beatrice let out a heavy sigh from beside Subaru,

Beatrice: [There is no need to read too deeply into it, in fact. The words mean exactly what he said, I suppose.]

Subaru: [The hell’s with that unnecessary warning note… what else could I have possibly meant?]

Beatrice: [Betty doesn’t know, in fact~, Betty won’t tell, I suppose~.]

Subaru: [Now that’s what a person who does know would say!]

As Beatrice covered her ears and turned her face away, Subaru pouted his lips with sullen feelings. Perhaps due to being utterly dumbfounded by this exchange between Subaru and Beatrice, White Sheep had been left completely taken aback, all the tension suddenly vanishing from her shoulders.

And then――,

White Sheep: [――So, it’s fine for me to just call you Subaru-san and Beatrice-san, right?]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s fine. If you’d like, you could even call her Becchin.]

Beatrice: [Becchin!? Not even Subaru has ever called Betty that, in fact!?]

White Sheep: [I-it doesn’t seem like I would be able to get a response out of her with that, so I’ll just stick with this…]

With an exceedingly humble response, White Sheep gave up the historical privilege to call Beatrice “Becchin”. However, White Sheep did not appear to harbor any regrets about that, and instead gazed at Subaru with eyes afflicted by an entirely different anguish.

At the same time that Subaru furrowed his brow at her demeanor, she began to move her lips――,

White Sheep: [Um, Subaru-san, about Ti――]

???: [――Oi! You fucks, how long are you gonna keep dawdling! Get your asses here now!]

But thereupon, Rachins barged in with a rowdy voice.

At the extra-honed glint in Rachins’s already sharp shihaku eyes, White Sheep hunched her shoulders with a frightened “Hiyu-!”. Shielding White Sheep behind him, as Subaru trained his gaze upon Rachins,

Subaru: [Man, that robe really doesn’t suit you, you know?]

Rachins: [Shaddup, leave it be! Rather, why the hell do I gotta be bossed around by Russell Fellow of all people. Get the damn people with slave contracts to do the work instead.]

White Sheep: [I-i-it’s not something like a slave contract!]

Subaru: [White Sheep-chan, when you get that worked up it makes it seem like it’s really the case…]

After rebuking White Sheep for taking Rachins’s nasty comments so seriously, Subaru once again looked in the direction of the distant Castle, and heaved a long sigh. ――All he prayed for was her safety.

Beatrice: [Emilia is also praying the same thing for Subaru, I suppose.]

Subaru: [For the both of us, rather. That would make me happier than if it were just me, and it also seems more like Emilia to do so.]

Responding to Beatrice who guessed his innermost feelings at a single glance, Subaru turned away from the Castle as if to try to shake away from his lingering regrets, and took the first step forth.

From there, they proceeded to walk through the interior of the outpost, and would go on to board the dragon carriages waiting out front.

Then, within the outpost that was nearly entirely cleared out in such a swift fashion, he caught sight of a robed figure attempting to carry out a large box in their arms.

Though the contents of the box were unbeknownst to him, he saw that they were having quite a bit of difficulty with the weight,

Subaru: [This should be brought out to the dragon carriages outside, right?]

???: [Ah…]

Quickly extending a helping hand, Subaru nimbly heaved up the box in their stead―― no, it would be a lie to say he did it nimbly. It really was quite heavy, so it had required a heave-ho’s worth of power.

Fortunately, he was able to keep up appearances by successfully lifting it up by himself, and as Subaru internally felt relief from that, the person who had been struggling with the crate―― the individual wearing their hood deep over their eyes, gave a bewildered reaction.

Subaru: [――? Are you okay?]

Seeing the perplexed demeanor of the individual, Subaru inclined his head.

Though he could not see their face under the hood, they were a slender person. Be that as it may, Black Dog was far more suspicious when it came to having his true face obscured, so that would not serve as an especially strong reason to be suspicious of this person here.

So rather than being suspicious, that which Subaru found dubious was the person’s awkward reaction. However, he did not have the time to question that right now, and so the individual lowered their head and ran off in a hurry.

Beatrice: [To say not even a single word of gratitude, what a rude person, in fact.]

Subaru: [Nah, you run into shy people every now and again, you know. Not everyone can be as sociable and charming as Garfiel.]

Beatrice: [Why bring up Garfiel there… well, it is not completely incomprehensible, I suppose.]

Charm was not something that stemmed solely from outward appearance, but also manifested in one’s demeanor and conduct.

As Subaru and Beatrice nodded in agreement of their mutual view of the camp, White Sheep noticed Subaru carrying the cargo, and called out with a “Forgive me”,

White Sheep: [Making Subaru-san carry it instead… I will have a word with Blue Snake-san later.]

Subaru: [No, no, this is no big deal… but, the person just now was Blue Snake? If memory serves me right, that was the person who had healed my burns, right?]

White Sheep: [Eh, ah, that’s right. They are an extremely skilled user of healing magic.]

When Subaru reacted to hearing the codename―― Blue Snake, White Sheep affirmed his thoughts. After getting a sheep, a dog, and a fox, the healer being a snake was quite the nice stylistic choice.

According to Subaru’s knowledge, snakes and medicine went hand-in-hand, completely inseparable from one another. One example could be found in the rod of Asclepius, a serpent-entwined staff wielded by a physician in Greek mythology.

Of course, the name Blue Snake would have been but a coincidental relation.

Subaru: [In that case, I gotta be the one doing the thanking. Just carrying cargo around isn’t nearly enough to repay them.]

White Sheep: [Ah, though, that might be difficult. Blue Snake-san doesn’t seem to like talking to other people… Silver Fox has also told us to respect their wishes.]

Subaru: [Hmm? A doctor who dislikes people…? They’re seeming more and more like an excellent physician.]

Capable yet stubborn: those seemed to be the prerequisites for the great doctors that one would often see in anime and manga.

Regardless, accepting what White Sheep had pointed out, Subaru decided against making further contact with Blue Snake. Instead, he decided that if he ever saw them struggling to carry cargo again, he would help them as a way of steadily repaying the favor.

In any case――,

Subaru: [――Onward it is. So that we may return anew.]

Indeed, as if to inform none other than his own self, Natsuki Subaru declared those words, and with Beatrice in tow, nestled close they set foot outside of the outpost.

△▼△▼△▼△

Russell: [――The principle of “cognitive disruption” is to slightly alter the impression and presence that one naturally exudes, and suppress the resultant unease to a minimum. In other words…]

Subaru: [In other words?]

Russell: [In the midst of a rigorous surveillance net, it is nothing more than temporary peace of mind. Do not rely on it too much.]

Receiving those words while sitting opposite to Russell in the dragon carriage, Subaru gave a small nod, and pulled the hoods of both himself and of Beatrice beside him down a little lower.

With the Six Tongues’ preparations in order, they were amidst a caravan of dragon carriages masquerading as a merchant collective departing the Royal Capital.

The provisioned dragon carriages were not anything fancy, but rather kind of the general model that eliminated all the unnecessary extravagance, something peddlers would use to traverse highways, much less the streets of the Royal Capital. In order to disguise themselves as a band of merchants, the caravan was comprised of not one, not two, but ten carriages, so while he felt apprehensive that this might actually lead to them drawing more attention――,

Russell: [Please rest assured. At present, the Royal Capital is enveloped in a bit of an air of tension. There are many who find that unfavorable, and have thus elected to leave the Royal Capital for a time. We will be following suit.]

Subaru: [When you say an air of tension…]

Russell: [Of course, it is out of fear for the possibility that there are dangerous wanted fugitives lurking within the city. The Kingdom’s soldiers are being mobilized to no small degree, and there are overbearing investigations being carried out. The death of Sir McMahon is still being hidden from the public, but the atmosphere of emergency cannot be concealed.]

Subaru: [That… would make sense… I’m sure everyone must be filled with anxiety.]

With the affirmation of how he had envisioned the atmosphere of the Royal Capital, Subaru took pity on the people of the Royal Capital who were getting wrapped up in Lust’s conspiracies. Upon doing so, Russell slightly narrowed his eyes,

Russell: [Natsuki-dono, could it be that you are not only worried for Emilia-sama and the members of your camp, but even for the citizens of the Royal Capital?]

Subaru: [Huh? Nah, well, I wouldn’t say I’m worrying for them, but I guess I do wonder if they’ll be okay. Even if it’s Capella, surely she wouldn’t go as far as using her Authority to replace even the citizens for no reason… I guess the fact that I really can’t say that for sure, is the root of how I’m feeling.]

Given that they were the individuals possessing the right of decision-making within the Royal Castle, it could be said that replacing the Council of Wise Men and the upper nobles was unmistakably the optimal method for hijacking the country. In comparison to them, using her Authority on mere citizens would not escape the classification of mere harassment, but Capella was also quite capable of performing such atrocities with glee.

Of course, her actions in Pristella had propagated knowledge of her existence and of the effects of her Authority of Lust, a deliberate act aiming to keep the Six Tongues occupied, but――,

Russell: [――――]

Subaru: […Or, Russell-san?]

Suddenly, when his thoughts reached that point, Subaru noticed that Russell had been keeping silent.

Receiving Subaru’s call, Russell stroked his goatee, and with a single eye closed he briefly followed up with “No”,

Russell: [Your fears are completely justified, Natsuki-dono. I know not if it shall serve as any consolation, but it is not the case that the Six Tongues is withdrawing from the Royal Capital altogether. In order to both maintain a grasp on the situation and to manufacture disruptions, a non-negligible number of us will remain behind. I hope that you can place your faith in their labor.]

Subaru: [Yeah, sorry, but I’ve got no choice but to leave that to you all, Russell-san. If I had ten or twenty more arms, and five or six more bodies, I might be more useful, but…]

Beatrice: [That is a preposterous hypothetical, in fact. Subaru is perfectamundo as he is now, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Well, I appreciate your evaluation… Anyhow, the only ones we can rely on for that side of things are Russell-san and his people. Go ahead and show me the hidden strength of the Six Tongues Intelligence Agency!]

Flashing his firmly tightened fist, Russell drew back his chin as if to acknowledge it. While finding that response heartening, Subaru directed his attention to the back of the dragon carriage―― toward another dragon carriage behind them.

As previously mentioned, the Six Tongues had disguised ten dragon carriages as a merchant convoy, but the one that Subaru and Beatrice were riding in was right at the forefront, with the personnel dispersed throughout. The one weighing on Subaru’s mind above all else was Crusch, who had not reawakened even a single time at the outpost.

Ever since she had fallen into a slumber in the sewers, her consciousness had not returned.

Just before she fell asleep, Crusch had stated that it was the influence of her Dragon Eye, but that had merely been a self-diagnosis, and in reality, he still had no idea whatsoever as to what that Dragon’s Eye really was.

Although Beatrice had also said that the only cause had been fatigue――,

Russell: [Are you concerned regarding Crusch-sama?]

Subaru: [That’s… yeah. But, you ought to be too, right? If you want to borrow Crusch-san’s strength in order to fight against the Beloved Children, shouldn’t you be feeling uneasy?]

Russell: [There is certainly a worry. However, a talented individual without peer when it comes to medical diagnosis has certified that there are no fears regarding Crusch-sama’s body itself. Of course, there are some concerns about the Dragon’s Eye you spoke of, Natsuki-dono, but…]

Subaru: [Right now, there’s no choice but to handle her carefully, and patiently wait for her to wake up, huh?]

Russell: [Precisely.]

As his concerns received a polite response, Subaru lamented just how many things were beyond his own capabilities.

In actuality, the Six Tongues were prioritizing Crusch’s well-being above all else. There was no doubt that they were exhausting all of their efforts for her sake. For that purpose, they had even gotten a talented practitioner of healing arts――,

Subaru: [Come to think of it, was it Blue Snake-san? I briefly encountered them earlier, but is that person keeping Crusch-san company?]

Russell: [――. Did you meet Blue Snake?]

Subaru: [Huh? Ah, yeah, just on the level of passing by right before we left. Couldn’t get a peep out of them, though. White Sheep also told me, but I guess they’re a bit of a shy person.]

Russell: […Indeed. By and large, that is not mistaken. Crusch-sama is also being handled by Blue Snake. Rest assured.]

Perhaps because he had been quite taken aback by the fact that Subaru had encountered Blue Snake, who was either shy around strangers or just disliked other people, the fact that this was the first time Russell had needed to take a moment before answering was somewhat refreshing.

Merely, while on the one hand he was relieved to hear that Blue Snake would be attending Crusch――,

Subaru: [Ferris must also be pretty worried.]

Dismissed from his position as Crusch’s one and only Knight, Ferris had turned a cold shoulder to Subaru’s proposal to mediate things between the two of them. ――Subaru did not know what he had done after they parted at the cemetery in the Royal Capital, but there was certainly no doubt he was still within the Capital. Of course, news of the current turmoil ought to have reached his ears by now.

At the very least, it would be best if he had managed to join up with Wilhelm, and refrained from taking any hasty actions, but―― and, just when he hit upon that thought.

Subaru: [――We stopped?]

Suddenly, assailed by the sensation of the dragon carriage coming to a standstill, Subaru reflexively stiffened his body. He promptly put his arms around Beatrice’s shoulders, and attempted to prepare for any unexpected circumstances.

But, at Subaru’s reaction, Russell faced him with a smile, saying “Rest assured”,

Russell: [It seems we have arrived at the inspection queue before the main gates of the Royal Capital. There is usually a bit of congestion, but it looks like we will have to wait quite a while.]

Subaru: [Wait for quite a while… even though it’s about to be nightfall, are there really so many people leaving the Royal Capital?]

Russell: [Those with quick ears, those with snap decision-making, and those with a sharp eye for discerning profit and loss; while it is limited to that specific sect of individuals, whether it is night or day matters not to them. If this atmosphere were to amplify even a bit more on the morrow, an even greater number of people would begin to move.]

Beatrice: [It is a total reenactment of the Empire, in fact. Back then, people were fleeing from the Imperial Capital in great droves, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I remembered the same thing. Naturally, I don’t want things to turn out like the Imperial Capital.]

Nodding to Beatrice’s statement, Subaru recalled the events of Vollachia’s Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

The events of the Imperial Capital being transformed into the Undead Capital at the hands of Sphinx, spearheading the Great Disaster, and the mass evacuation of Imperial citizens that took place under Abel’s command, was still fresh in his memory. But, that was only something that succeeded without a hitch since Vollachia was structured by might from the top down, so it would likely be difficult to seek the same feat within Lugunica.

All the more when, unlike the undead, there was no method to visually discern Capella’s Beloved Children.

Russell: [That is the purpose of Crusch-sama’s Divine Protection, and the purpose of us supporting her. ――Natsuki-dono, I believe it already goes without saying for you, but by all means, always search for the best course of action.]

As Russell slightly lowered the tone of his voice, Subaru stared right back at him. The countenance Russell now wore was not that of a merchant, but of an intelligence agency’s leader―― with the face of the Director of the Six Tongues, he delivered those words.

Words that were likely also meant to warn to his own self that such conduct was more important than anything else.

Subaru: [Search… for the best course of action…]

Russell: [Indeed, that is correct. For the sake of the Kingdom, the sake of the future, and the sake of your precious allies, in order to arrive at the final destination, please always pursue the best course of action, no matter what. If it is for the purposes of accomplishing that goal, then even if it is a choice that may be accompanied by pain, I hope that you select it.]

Subaru: [――――]

It was a dispassionate manner of speech, one conveying no warmth whatsoever. However, that did not mean that it did not strike a chord in Subaru’s heart.

Certainly, it was true that words laden with ardor, appealing to emotion, could be moving. But, the reason why Russell’s conveyed no such zeal, was because he had already tempered them so thoroughly, forging them into a shape that could no longer be changed.

To strike while the iron was hot, would allow one to forge it into their ideal shape. ――However, to deliberately heat the iron anew after it had cooled, to strike it and distort its fixed shape, would be meaningless.

Russell: [――It would appear we have arrived at inspection. I will handle this, so please wait.]

Stopping, moving, and stopping again. Alerted by the coachman through the small window of the dragon carriage that had been repeating that cycle, Russell stood up and exited the vehicle.

Seeing him off, Subaru heaved a great sigh. Then, next to him, Beatrice,

Beatrice: [Good grief, in fact. That man… it is no wonder that he is Roswaal’s friend, I suppose.]

Subaru: [As expected of you, Beako. I thought the same thing. It’s just that he’s facing in a bit of a different direction, but the way they push their vectors is completely the same… Search for the best course of action, huh?]

Beatrice: [Subaru is always doing that, in fact. Betty can give her stamp of approval, I suppose.]

Beatrice was properly offended, just as if Subaru had been told that he had been slacking.

Of course, that was likely not Russell’s intent, and Beatrice would have also understood that. At the same time, she also knew that people capable of doing so would always be saddled with such frustrations.

Subaru: [――Inspection seems like it’s pretty strict.]

Standing up, he peeked through the small window to the coachman’s seat, and glimpsed the state of things outside. As Beatrice lined up alongside him and peered through with an “In fact”, what they saw was the general reception window installed at the gate of the Royal Capital, and a separately constructed provisional lookout post.

It seemed like the counter just required a permit for passage and a catalog of all the cargo being transported, so usually, merely entering and exiting the Royal Capital was not too strict. What pushed it over the edge―― was that the level of security employed at the entrance to the Noble District was now being enforced even in a place like this.

Russell: [Yes, we are exceedingly apprehensive. Hence, I believe you could even say acting quickly is but a given for a merchant. We have the necessary permits and inventory in order here. All of the cargo is already tagged with seals of approval, but would you like to take a look over here to verify everything once more?]

At a glance, the inspection was well underway, as Russell spoke such words to the guard in charge.

White Sheep was standing by his side, clad in a “cognitive disruption” robe, and carrying several documents, which Russell presented to the guard in rapid succession.

At that silent, yet undeniably aggressive and threatening act, the guard appeared to be overwhelmed.

Guard: [You do not seem to be missing any documents, and the stamp of the Commerce Guild appears to be legitimate. As for the items catalogued… are they primarily medical supplies?]

Russell: [The faster this delivery goes through, will be directly tied to the survival of human lives.]

Making use of his title as chairman of the Commerce Guild, Russell went even further to appeal to a moral standpoint by leveraging the contents of the inventory, leaving the guard no room whatsoever to find any fault.

And finally, as the pièce de résistance――,

White Sheep: [I beg of you. Without this medicine, all the people of my village will…!]

Clutching the guard’s hand, her voice trembling, White Sheep made an earnest request in a way that did not seem like she was acting in the slightest. Pressured to that extent, the hesitation that had existed on the guard’s face finally flaked away.

With his hand being held by White Sheep, the guard cleared his throat with a dignified expression,

Guard: [U-understood. There were no issues to be found in particular. You are cleared for passage――]

???: [――Not so fast! Who deemed it fine to just throw all the proper procedures out of the window!?]

White Sheep: [――!]

As the person in charge attempted to grant them clearance, just before White Sheep could be moved with a surge of emotion, a halt was called. Reaching an arm out from the side, and wedging in between, was an elderly individual.

Likely, it was someone superior to the person who had been in charge. That superior officer, rushing out from the outpost, snatched up the documents from the hands of their subordinate, and while scanning over the written contents,

Superior Officer: [A certificate of the Commerce Guild, and the payload has been stamped as approved, hm? Regardless, the rules are the rules.]

Russell: [That is an admirable way of thinking, but is this a situation to be sticking to procedure so rigidly?]

Superior Officer: [You seem to talk like a merchant, but just as how merchants have a merchant’s way of doing things, us guards have a guard’s dignity.]

Russell: [Is that so? ――Very well.]

As the individual in charge straightened himself at the superior officer’s words, Russell received and assented to them. In the peripheral of his vision, it was also clear that White Sheep had gotten nervous, but the same held true for Subaru and Beatrice.

He knew that they had all the necessary documents, as well as dummy dragon carriages, and yet,

Subaru: [Th-this might be bad… Beako! Hurry up and get into my pocket !]

Beatrice: [You’re panicking too much, I suppose! No matter how minimum pretty Betty is, she won’t fit, in fact! More importantly, act more dignified――]

Panicked by the possibility of this dragon carriage being examined, Subaru and Beatrice got into a big kerfuffle.

Perhaps having perceived such undulations of Subaru and Beatrice, Russell suddenly turned around, and gave a small wave of his hand as if to reassure the entire caravan.

At that gesture, Subaru felt a wave of relief, believing that he must have had a countermeasure ready―― it happened immediately as he thought that.

――Great tremors, echoes of destruction, and a multitude of screams rang out from behind the line of traffic.

△▼△▼△▼△

At first, Subaru had nearly mistaken that shaking for the dragon carriage setting off, those sounds for the frame of the carriage creaking, and the audible voices for some sort of cheering.

That was just how sudden, just how out of left field, these events had been.

Subaru: [What happened!?]

His expression distorting in shock, Subaru leaped onto the seat of the dragon carriage with Beatrice in his arms, and through the large window at the back, he went to confirm what had happened behind the caravan―― toward the direction where the commotion was coming from.

Upon doing so, the sight before his eyes was that of a line of carriages in disarray, erupting with pillars of smoke, as well as several people bolting out from amidst the fumes in a confused panic, which also shrouded a building that appeared to be half-destroyed.

Subaru: [Was that… an accident?]

Beatrice: [It appears to be so, I suppose. From the looks of things, something happened to one of the dragon carriages, like perhaps the axle snapping, causing an accident with a pileup of collisions, in fact.]

Subaru: [And then, crashed into the building by the roadside, huh? This is bad, seems like there’d be tons of people injured.]

Just as Russell had said, the cause likely stemmed from the fact that it was more congested than usual due to the chaos in the Royal Capital. With a single accident that occurred amidst the largely delayed traffic line, it gave rise to a great chain reaction of crashes.

He did not know just how many people had sustained injuries, but he had to go help people get out of the crash site immediately――,

Russell: [――Natsuki-dono, we have acquired clearance. The dragon carriage will be leaving. Please take your seat.]

With Subaru and Beatrice in a panic, Russell bluntly declared that announcement to them upon returning inside the carriage. Hearing those words, Subaru started to call out to him, saying “Russell-san”,

Subaru: [Eh…? What did you say just now? The dragon carriage is leaving?]

Russell: [Yes. The individuals in charge headed off to deal with the accident back there. Given that we are not missing any documents, they have deemed it acceptable for us to pass. There is also a need to clear out the congested array of carriages.]

Subaru: [No, but…]

Beatrice: [People have been injured, I suppose. There was talk of us possessing medical supplies amidst our cargo, in fact.]

Russell: [A pretense, I assure you. We are not merely carrying items in accordance with the cataloged inventory. If we were to open the cargo, that too would be exposed. I believe I informed you already. ――To always search for the best course of action, yes?]

His expression and voice were devoid of harshness, however the blade’s edge of the content itself was far too sharp.

As those words sliced into his body, Subaru’s cheeks stiffened at the opportunity to put what he had been told into practice, an opportunity that had arrived far too soon. ――He understood Russell’s point. Even here, he understood it, but still.

Russell: [――White Sheep, please explain to Natsuki-dono here.]

White Sheep: [――Hk.]

As Subaru hung his head, gritting his teeth in silence, Russell sighed, and called out behind him. And the one present there, who had just peered into the dragon carriage, was White Sheep.

Stifling the breath in the back of her throat, she turned her moistened, round eyes toward Russell. However, without turning back to face her, Russell once more called out to her with “White Sheep”.

Hearkening that, White Sheep heaved herself up into the carriage, and layered her hand on top of Subaru’s hand resting on the window frame――,

White Sheep: [Subaru-san, please listen to me here. It will be fine. The guards will properly handle it, assuredly. ――Everything will be fine.]

Subaru: […White Sheep… chan.]

Obeying Russell as he attempted to pass a callous decision, White Sheep made such an appeal.

For a moment, a vehement refusal attempted to emerge forth from within Subaru, however, from the trembling in White Sheep’s hand and voice, it was firmly imparted that she did not truly wish to overlook them either.

Desperately, earnestly, and even so, she was still doing her utmost to adhere to the best course of action. ――In that case, just what was it that Subaru ought to do here?

Beatrice: [――Subaru.]

From within the embrace of his arms, Beatrice called out to Subaru.

What lay within her eyes was the light of resolve, and her trust in Subaru. That radiance was the exact same as when she had promised to venture together unto hell with him in the sewers, and to go along with whatever Subaru chose to stand for, no matter what it was.

Even if it meant sharing the burden of sin alongside him, Beatrice would not waver.

Subaru: [Right now, we need to move…]

Russell: [Indeed, that is correct. It is a wise decision, Natsuki-dono. That is the best course of action here.]

Layered over top, the hand of White Sheep slowly lowered Subaru’s hand which had been resting on the window frame. Perceiving Subaru’s movement, Russell spoke with a sense of relief.

Yes, that was right. Russell’s words were correct. Here, in this place, they were what he ought to follow.

Subaru: [――――]

This accident could even be described as a blessing of sorts.

It had occurred just when the dragon carriage was about to be inspected, moments before Subaru and Beatrice would have been discovered.

With the guards diverting their efforts to rescue, they would be able to escape this place.

――Everything, was in order to save the Royal Capital, to save the Kingdom.

That was why――,

Subaru: [――Ah?]

The moment he tried to force himself to compromise, to accept that withdrawing here was the right thing to do, Subaru saw it, in the scenery outside the window upon which his eyes had continued to linger, too reluctant to tear them away.

――He saw the figure of Blue Snake, white robe fluttering by the hem as they sprinted straight for the crash site.

Subaru: [――――]

――.

――――.

―――――― Are you an idiot, Natsuki Subaru?

Subaru: […To search for the best course of action, you told me to hold that act in the highest regard, didn’t you, Russell-san?]

Russell: [――? Indeed. Your judgment is correct. We will be leaving immediately. We are…]

Subaru: [Then!]

White Sheep: [――Hk!?]

Subaru: [Then my best course of action… is to not abandon anyone who can be saved here!!]

Asserting so in a loud voice, Subaru placed the hand he had been about to lower back onto the window frame.

Then, flinging away the hand that had been layered over his, he left behind a curt “Sorry!” to both the astonished White Sheep and Russell beyond her,

Subaru: [Let’s go, Beako! Lend me your strength!]

Beatrice: [That is already fully accepted as a matter of course, I suppose!]

Still embracing Beatrice, Subaru threw himself out of the dragon carriage through the window. Behind him, Subaru could hear Russell calling for him, but he did not stop. He could not stop.

The accident is a blessing? Ridiculous. Accidents are tragedies. They absolutely aren’t anything like a saving grace.

Subaru: [You’re right! I was wrong!]

If he had not glimpsed the back of Blue Snake breaking into a sprint, he would not have even noticed such a thing.

One-hundred percent, Blue Snake was correct. Laying eyes upon that back, he felt nothing but shame surging up within his heart.

How big of an idiot are you, Natsuki Subaru?

Why don’t you get it, Natsuki Subaru?

Even if there are people willing to throw away their lives, it doesn’t change your own standards.

――It doesn’t change, anything at all.

???: [What!? Hey, it’s dangerous here! Anyone who isn’t a guard needs to――]

Subaru: [People are injured, aren’t they! I’ll lend a hand! We’ll pull everyone out!]

With the crash site, enshrouded by a veil of dust, right before his eyes, a guard with their hand over their mouth―― the elderly superior officer who had impeded the passage of the dragon carriage earlier, widened his eyes as Subaru came rushing in.

A man appearing out of nowhere, carrying an adorable little girl in his arms. It was only natural that the other party had been bewildered.

But, that bewilderment would not serve as a reason to restrain Subaru and Beatrice.

Subaru: [We can use magic! It should be useful! Let us help out!]

Guard: [――Hk, you can never have too many hands. Come!]

After a moment’s hesitation, it was naught but a paper wall before the elderly guard’s disposition of valuing human life. Directed by the guard who smashed through that hesitation in the span of a single breath, Subaru and Beatrice stepped onto the crash site.

The area, with its plumes of smoke, groans of pain, and tearful cries of children, was just as they had ascertained from a distance: a chain reaction of a pileup accident that commenced when a single dragon carriage’s axle had broken, and a building that had collapsed after getting caught in the damages, leaving it in a half-destroyed state.

There were people shedding blood, and people laying limp and motionless. With ground dragons stomping their feet in agitation, and voices calling for help and angry shouts flying left and right, it had become quite the terrible uproar.

With the site of the accident right before his eyes, his gaze wandered around as he contemplated where he ought to begin lending a hand――,

???: [――Over here! Come help over here!]

That was a particularly loud voice; cutting through the cacophony of voices blending together, it pierced Subaru’s eardrums.

Taking a look, it was someone crouched down on the ground amidst the drifting dust, clad in a white robe as they held their hand out towards an injured person trapped beneath the rubble―― it was Blue Snake.

Rushing over to Blue Snake, Subaru beheld the state of the injured―― part of the fractured beam had pierced their torso, sustaining a serious wound that was spilling copious amounts of blood.

And then――,

Blue Snake: [Use Beatrice-chan’s magic to make the beam lighter and get it out! You can do that, right!?]

Subaru: [Yeah, we can! We can but, how did you…]

Blue Snake: [Ahh, enough already! You’re so obtuse!]

Speaking in a rough, frustrated manner, the next instant, Blue Snake, while still applying healing arts to the wound of the injured party, violently removed their own hood. Appearing underneath, with flaxen hair reaching down to their neck, and demi-human cat ears that pushed aside that hair as if to assert their existence――,

Subaru: [――Ferris?] [1]

In utter shock, Subaru’s lips called out that name.

After all, the familiar face he never imagined would have been there―― the person who had rushed to the side of these dying lives faster than anyone else, Ferris the Blue, was desperately exerting himself.

Translation Note:

[1] – While translated as Ferris for many years, it feels pertinent here to note that フェリス can also be rendered as Felis. Felis is the Latin word for cat, and was also the name of a constellation depicting a cat created by French astronomer Jérôme Lalande in 1799. The constellation is now obsolete, but its brightest star, HD 85951, was given the name Felis in 2018 by the International Astronomical Union, and resides as part of the constellation Hydra. This connection between Felis and Hydra felt noteworthy as it pertains to Ferris now functioning under the codename “Blue Snake”.

--- Chapter 24: The Best Person ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Having leapt out of the window, Natsuki Subaru dashed behind the caravan where the site of the crash had transpired.

There had been no hesitation in his stride, and it could have even been described as gallant. ――It was the silhouette of a man who believed that helping someone whose life was in danger to be the most natural thing in the world.

Russell: [Ludicrous…]

Pulling away as he called out to him, the black haired companion had passed judgment with no consideration for the consequences, and Russell Fellow could do nothing but see him off with a look of disbelief.

That was also because he could not understand what that companion had been thinking. He would have liked to believe that he had thoroughly informed him of the gravity of their actions, and exactly what it was they needed to prioritize.

But, to an even greater extent――,

Russell: [――White Sheep, why did you not stop him!?]

In order to make sense of the situation, Russell questioned the true intentions of White Sheep, who had displayed an attempt at gentle persuasion.

White Sheep had certainly layered her hands on top of Subaru’s. She had uttered the words to hold him back. In spite of that, he did not obey―― nay, his heart had not been moved.

Russell: [You also ought to be keenly aware of what our greatest priority is at the moment. Not even a single second of our time should be squandered on any other purpose. You――]

White Sheep: [――Did.]

Russell: [What?]

Knitting his brow at the blurred voice, which he had failed to hearken in certainty, Russell gazed at White Sheep.

And facing the window out of which their companion had leapt out, and pulling the hand that had been shaken off by the other party close to her chest, White Sheep glanced back. ――All the while, large drops of tears had been filling her round, golden eyes.

White Sheep: [I… did. To Subaru-san, I did do it… but, the fact that Subaru-san still rushed out… means he’s just that kind of person.]

Russell: [That kind of…?]

White Sheep: [I’m sure I told you as well, Silver Fox. All I am capable of, is leveraging feelings that are already present… I cannot make him do something he never would have done!]

Russell: [――――]

White Sheep: [L-let us chase after Subaru-san and Beatrice right away. We can also help them with the injured――]

As White Sheep pleaded out with misty eyes and a tearful voice, Russell brought his hand to his lips.

Deep within his narrowed eyes, his Divine Protection, which ascertained the “value” of all things in this world reconstructed the various plans he had assembled, fabricating them anew.

He could not see the right answer in itself. ――Merely, he would locate the option closest to the right answer.

???: [What’s this, what’s this, this situation’s pretty cheery and even chipper, ain’t it? If you’re gonna lodge a complaint either way, then speak with actions instead of words. Instead of quibbling with words, you can have a fight to the death if you so please. Kuhahahaha!]

White Sheep: [Black Dog… hk.]

Black Dog: [Oh? What’s this, what’s wrong, that damn face of yours. Don’t tell me you’ve become capable of persuading people with just your tears, not even needing to touch their skin, have you? That’ll only work on men, you know. Though, I’m an exception.]

Spitting those words, the person who boldly entered the dragon carriage was Black Dog―― having taken off his mask and black robes, the man’s bare face was now complimented by a black suit as he contorted his strong, fierce facial features.

Black Dog shrugged his shoulders at Russell and White Sheep as they faced him, and messily sat himself down on a nearby seat,

Black Dog: [So, here I was wondering what we were still doing dawdling and dilly-dallying, but to think you got your hand bitten by that brat! And this is after I went through such troubles to ensure we’d be able to leave, don’t you go and make others’ efforts meaningless.]

White Sheep: [Ensuring we would be able to leave…? Don’t tell me…]

Black Dog: [Oi, quit it, stop that, what’s with those eyes? All I did was break a single axle. The big uproar that happened was the doing of the frightened ground dragon! That and this and all of it and everything, I did for your sake. Kuhahaha, I lied.]

White Sheep: [――Hk, Silver Fox!]

White Sheep diverted her gaze away from Black Dog, who was flashing a crude smile while crossing his legs in his seat, and directed her eyes burning with righteous indignation toward Russell.

On the receiving end of her sincere ire, Russell lowered the hand he had placed to his mouth,

Russell: [――Let us depart.]

White Sheep: [A-are you serious!?]

As White Sheep widened her eyes in disbelief, Russell affirmed her thoughts.

Russell: [From the outset, our greatest priority was securing Crusch-sama. I had wanted to secure others as well if possible, but with our outstretched hand rejected, it is all for naught. ――Though, it is a shame that by relinquishing Blue Snake, I will no longer be able to test something I had wished to verify.]

Black Dog: [Like I saaaaid, didn’t I tell you, didn’t I let you know? There wouldn’t have been any future troubles if I had just scorched them to crisps in the sewers.]

Russell: [I have no intention of returning to a discussion for which there is no room for argument. Time is of the essence.]

Deciding on their course of action, Russell turned his back to White Sheep. In that back of his, he had visibly pruned away any excess focus toward their companion who had run off to the crash site.

And to that back, White Sheep reached out with a resolved expression――,

Black Dog: [Wait, hold off.]

With those words, a long leg stretched out to block White Sheep’s path.

As White Sheep bit her lip and glared at that obstruction, Black Dog, sitting boorishly in his seat, waved his hand,

Black Dog: [Didn’t you say so yourself? You can’t make that guy do what he wouldn’t do.]

White Sheep: [But, this sort of…]

Black Dog: [So don’t you cry about it, it’s a pain in the ass. It’s not like I’m being careful to keep that piece of shit in a good mood or anything. It’s just that maybe, you might not even really need to do anything.]

White Sheep: [――――]

Shrugging his shoulders at White Sheep, whose eyes flickered with a lack of comprehension, Black Dog raised up a hand with his leg still thrown out, and gestured behind the dragon carriage―― nay, in the direction of the crash site.

And then――,

Black Dog: [――The nature of the clamor and tumult has shifted. In that case, what becomes of our course of action? Kuhahahaha.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Dust and dirt adrift at the crash site, there yet remained the threat of the half-destroyed building collapsing.

The ceiling had fallen through, and a person had been injured, impaled by its lumber, and was thus stripped of their consciousness, the wound mortal by anyone’s measure. ――That was, had it not been for him , who remained there continuously applying healing magic.

Subaru: [――Ferris?]

Removing his hood with a single hand, the person who had revealed his face―― Ferris, left Subaru bewildered with his presence.

Just a little while beforehand, he had been weighing on Subaru’s mind. He had gone through a terribly hard time, and yet he had still turned down Subaru’s outstretched hand, calling it prideful, so what he was currently doing had been a mystery.

Never had Subaru imagined that they would now be in the same group together, with him operating under the name Blue Snake.

Ferris: [What are you doing!? Are you even listening!?]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Ferris: [Don’t just stand there while lives are on the line! If people die here, it will be our fault for not being able to rescue them!]

The shock of this reunion was utterly demolished by the words of none other than Ferris himself.

That desperate outcry returned Subaru to his senses, and to follow Ferris’s directions from a moment prior―― to remove the wooden beam piercing the body of the wounded, he placed Beatrice down on the ground from his embrace, and,

Subaru: [Good to go, Beako!?]

Beatrice: [Leave it to me, in fact. ――Murak!]

Due to their successive battles at the McMahon residence and the sewers, they were amidst an undesirable interval. Albeit her condition would have been in the worst possible state, Beatrice gave no indication of such whatsoever as she activated her Yin Magic, and lightened the target.

Subaru: [We’re lifting it! You ready!?]

Ferris: [I’d be an idiot if I said I wasn’t!]

Subaru: [That’s some mouth you got! ――Ngh, ghghghgh!]

Yelling back and forth with Ferris, Subaru carefully raised up the lightened lumber, extracting it from its point of entry into the wounded person’s body. An unpleasant sensation and sound it brought forth, causing even greater volumes of blood to spurt out.

But, the moment it was removed from the open wound, Ferris began to exhibit his true mettle.

Ferris: [It’s alright. I’ll make it better now.]

――That instant, overflowing in excess, was an exceedingly kind, blue light.

Beatrice: [Incredible…]

Laying eyes upon that light, a wordless whisper spilled from the lips of Beatrice.

That which made even Beatrice, a Great Spirit capable of healing magic herself, be so taken aback, comprised the entirety of the reason for Ferris to be dubbed the Blue, and a prodigy beyond all compare.

His healing arts were the same as ever―― no, very clearly, they had reached miraculous heights far greater than his previous expertise.

Subaru: [――――]

The ones bearing witness to that sight were all the good samaritans who had rushed onto the scene while prepared for tragedy.

Whilst all of their eyes were simultaneously being captivated by that miracle, he understood their feelings. A fatal injury believed to be beyond saving, a deep gash that surely would leave lasting, lifelong effects, and an utterly cruel ending to it all, everything was painted over by that light.

It was a sight that seemed as if it could persist into the world to come as a religious altarpiece――,

Subaru: [――Everyone! Evacuate all the injured who can be evacuated, and gather them in one place! Prioritize those who’ve been severely injured and those who got hit on the head! Anyone who can still move on their own, get outside the building!]

Those who had been stunned by the miracle were pulled back to reality by Subaru’s raised voice.

Ferris was here. This was a miracle. A jackpot. And that, he would utilize to the fullest extent.

Subaru: [Everyone can be saved! We’ve got the world’s greatest healer here!]

Widening their eyes at the do-or-die spirit in Subaru’s voice, they exchanged glances, and responded with a reassuring “Yeah!”. Thus did they begin the relief effort to save those who had collapsed, and the people whose legs had been trapped beneath the rubble.

Ascertaining that, as Subaru wiped the skin by his eye with the back of hand,

Subaru: [Ferris, everyone’s a go! We’ll assist! What should we do!?]

Ferris: [Don’t get in the way! Do as I tell you! Hold this person down!]

Subaru: [Man, you dickhead… after this is all over I’m gonna give you a real piece of my mind, just you wait!]

Speaking as if Subaru’s persuasion of everyone did not matter to him, Ferris remained entirely focused on the lives at hand―― in fact, his rough words aside, Ferris’s skills and the accuracy of his judgment were outstanding. Assigning priority to each of the injured by discerning what was most urgent at a single glance, and outputting an applicable level of healing magic, he saved one life after the other.

Subaru: [A restaurant at dinner time… checks out that tons of people got caught up in it.]

Finally able to perceive the situation of the damaged site, Subaru spat out saliva mixed with dust.

The road was also crowded with dragon carriages, and there would have been a lot of people who had been within the establishment. It would thereby stand to reason that many people would have been injured, but fortunately, there did not appear to be anyone who had died instantly as far as Subaru could see.

And, if there was nobody who had suffered an instant death――,

Ferris: [――Don’t you die. Please, come back to us.]

The outpour of convalescent light healed all the wounds imperiling their lives, removing them entirely.

Everyone would be saved. That was not just his enthusiasm, it would be brought to fruition as the response in reality for certain――,

???: [――Hk! Oi, over there!]

Abruptly hearing a voice running counter to that hope of his, Subaru’s head snapped up.

It was one of the guards helping out with the rescue, his finger pointed toward the half-destroyed restaurant―― to the partially crumbled upper floor, barely being held up by a pillar with cracks in it.

The roof’s support beam was raising its death throes, balancing on a precarious equilibrium as the building’s second floor began to tip over―― and underneath that, Ferris and the injured still remained, the healing process still underway. Were the upper half of the building to come crashing down, salvation would reach none.

Immediately after that thought, Subaru―― no, it was not just Subaru who broke into a sprint.

???: [――Hk!]

The elderly guard, his subordinates, and a townsman who had been assisting in the relief effort, had all begun sprinting. Others had also gotten up, raised their bodies, and attempted to take action.

With that in his peripheral, Subaru gritted his molars oh so firmly, and recklessly cried out――,

Subaru: [――Beatrice!!]

Beatrice: [With this, we will seriously be out of gas , in… fact! ――Murak!!]

By way of Beatrice, as she held both her hands out, the collapsing part of the building was enveloped in a faint purple light.

Ruefully so, as per the universal laws of gravity, even supposing weight were to be changed, the falling speed of the wreckage, and the peril it presented, would not abate. Its mass was of such dimension, that the eventual result would be the same. ――Therein, he would interpose himself.

Subaru: [Nghaa…!!!]

Having just barely made it in time underneath the wreckage, Subaru took on a pose to support the falling rubble as if having been caught in a suspended ceiling trap. By himself, it would have been impossible for Subaru. The guards who had sprinted together entered underneath the rubble a moment later, all supporting it in a united effort.

Subaru: [Kghi…! Right now, before it’s too late, get the people underneath out…!]

Feeling as if he would cough up blood, Subaru exclaimed the collective will of everyone supporting the wreckage. And hearkening that, those who had been delayed in their start began pulling Ferris and the injured people out from below.

Until all were evacuated, this had to be endured, by any means necessary. ――Indeed, as Subaru roused himself,

???: […Though, you’re always shouting in a loud voice, aren’t you now, kiddo!]

Subaru: [Ah? Wait, you’re…!]

While exerting his utmost strength to brace himself, Subaru was shocked upon noticing the person supporting the same wreckage beside him.

It was a face he knew―― the owner of a fruit stand in the Royal Capital with whom his destiny often intertwined, Kadomon.

Subaru: [――――]

Widening his eyes at that unexpected reunion, Subaru simultaneously felt a sense of panic.

The efficacy of the “cognitive disruption” robe was not all-powerful; he had immediately infringed on the warning provided by Russell. For Kadomon, who knew Subaru, his identity had been exposed by asserting himself here.

However――,

Kadomon: [Don’t make that sorta face. The fact you’re helping people here, kiddo, is the truth about you that I’ve seen with my own two eyes.]

Upon those words, Subaru almost unwittingly let the strength slip from his arms. Because of that, Kadomon and the others cried out “Nwoahh!?” at the increased load, so he hurried to carry his weight once more.

He was shocked. He thought that once his identity was exposed, it would all be over. ――But, he was glad he had come back.

Subaru: [Everybody’s out! Alright everyone, on the count of three we’ll raise it up in a banzai ! Drop it inside!]

Gritting his teeth in endurance to the point that his molars were creaking, everyone cried out “One, two, aaaand three!” in unison.

The wreckage they threw onto the ground with their full-force banzai , was nearly the entirety of what had been above the second floor of the building. As soon as it left the hands of everyone, the efficacy of the magic was lost, and it regained its original destructive weight.

Subaru: [GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT――!!]

An explosive, weighty sound of destruction echoed to their backs, and the group who had been supporting the wreckage evacuated with all their might. As if tumbling, Subaru fled from that which had felt almost murderous, and rolled over.

Rolling like that, he sprawled out onto the ground, and gazed up towards the dust-clouded heavens.

Subaru: [Haa, haa… n-no part of me, got crushed… did it?]

Kadomon: [Relax, everything’s fine, ain’t it? We got the greatest healer in the world here, don’t we?]

Subaru: [Even if it can be healed, I don’t wanna see any of my limbs torn off!]

Beside Subaru as he raised his voice, Kadomon, having also rolled away, laughed “That’s for sure”. Such laughter could also be heard from the others around them, and it seemed like the unit who had held up the wreckage had all made it out alright.

For now, they had somewhat managed to complete a single difficult task―― but they must not get ahead of themselves.

Subaru: [Ferris is still exerting his efforts all by himself. I’ve gotta go help…]

Beatrice: [――That might be a bit difficult, I suppose.]

Forcing his slackened body up, Subaru turned to face that voice with an “Ah?”.

The owner of the voice had been Beatrice, and Subaru immediately understood why it had contained a feeling of tension. On the street outside the restaurant where the accident had occurred, all injured individuals had been carried out.

In the center of them all, Ferris was still endeavoring to heal their wounds, and yet――,

???: [――First Knight to the treacherous Crusch Karsten, the Blue, Felix Argyle. There is an active subpoena for you to present yourself to the Royal Castle. At once, you shall abide by these orders.]

After all, a company of Knights had encircled Ferris, holding him at the ends of their swords in an act of intimidation.

Ferris: [――――]

The company of roughly thirty Knights, all were clad in white uniforms demonstrating their affiliation with the Royal Guard. Bearing witness to that sight, one that went against all reason, a white void was birthed in Subaru’s mind.

Just before the site of an accident, would a patrol of Knights really turn their swords against a healer engaged in relief efforts? Impossible.

Kadomon: [Idio… what the hell are you saying!? Orders!? Look at the situation!]

Elderly Guard: [That’s right! That person is treating the wounded! If he wasn’t here…]

Knight: [――Your protests shall not be acknowledged! This too is a matter of utmost importance for the Royal Capital. The guards here remain responsible for dealing with the accident. Us Knights, shall fulfill our duty!]

In Subaru’s stead, Kadomon and the elderly guard raised their voices in protest to that abnormality. But, they were drowned out by the deafening bellow of the long-haired commanding officer of the Knight squadron.

During the momentary lapse yielded as a result of that, the commanding officer turned a sharp glare toward Ferris―― toward the back of he who had not even given a single glance in the direction of the squadron of Knights while continuing to cast healing magic,

Knight: [These are orders! Cease your operations, Knight Felix! Along with your master, you are an individual suspected of harboring treasonous intentions against the Kingdom, so how could you possibly be trusted to carry out medical care!? You might very well be doing something to those undergoing treatment――]

Subaru: [――Hk, don’t fucking joke around!!]

That instant, at the unforgivable comments hurled toward Ferris, Subaru exploded.

Rushing into the midst of the scene without thinking, Subaru wedged his way between Ferris’s back and the company of Knights. Then, glaring at the Knights brandishing their swords―― nay, at those who could hardly be called Knights,

Subaru: [Just what feelings do you all fucking think motivated Ferris to refine his skills in healing magic!? Do you think it was just talent? It’s obviously because he wanted to save people!]

Knight: [――――]

Subaru: [You’re saying you don’t know what Ferris will do to the people who got injured? Of course you fucking know! It’s healing! Saving lives! He’s rescuing the people who seem like they might die even now! It’s the most obvious thing to anybody with a pair of eyes, he’s clearly just doing what the best person here would do, to the point that nobody could do better if they tried!]

Shouting himself hoarse, eyes running bloodshot, Subaru howled, questioning why they failed to understand something so simple.

To the extent it was unbelievable that he had used up all of his bodily strength just a moment prior, he gestured with his whole body, exploding with completely reasonable emotions, and fixing his gaze on each and every one of the Knights’ faces as he poured out his very soul.

Kadomon: [Kiddo…]

Watching over Subaru’s indignant outburst, Kadomon softly muttered so.

For him, the gate guards, and everyone else present at the crash site, it was something that had gone without saying. Thus, among the squadron of Knights too, hesitation began to emerge in some of their eyes and faces, and the tips of some of their swords here and there could be seen wavering.

But, those honestly wavering emotions――,

Knight: [――Look at who we have here, if it isn’t the traitor’s accomplice, Natsuki Subaru.]

Were completely suppressed by a single line from the commanding officer of the Knight squadron, his eyes clouded in hatred.

As soon as the commanding officer vocalized the name Natsuki Subaru, the Knights blinked their eyes several times over, and correctly perceived the presence of Subaru standing before them. ――The “cognitive disruption” had been overcome.

Thus, once they understood that the person who had spoken such plausible things was a wanted fugitive, the hesitation of the Knights was brushed aside by their sense of duty, and just like before―― no, to an even greater degree, an air of tension was borne.

Beatrice: [Subaru…]

His identity exposed, Beatrice nestled close to Subaru and clenched his hand as the swords were pointed to him. But, with them having used up all their Mana during the collapse of the building, they now lacked any means by which to tide this encounter over.

Subaru: [At best, I guess I could pummel the leader’s face with Invisible Providence , huh… My bad, Ferris. Looks like I just added fuel to the fire.]

Ferris: [――. Shut up. I wasn’t expecting anything anyway.]

Subaru: [Tahaha.]

Ferris: [But, you’re a skilled talker, aren’t you? Keep saying ridiculous things and stretch this out to the utmost limit. Even if it’s just a single person more, I’ll save as many people as possible.]

Without looking back at each other, they exchanged such words with their backs turned, and as a wry smile came over Subaru’s face at Ferris’s bitter proclamation of his innermost heart, he steeled his resolve.

The opponent desired information on Crusch. Thus, they would not be killed here. In that case, eloquently and skillfully, while having lost the ability to wield magic, Natsuki Subaru’s battle would――,

Knight: [We are sufficiently aware of just how dangerous you can be… no, of how dangerous you are. In order to save the Kingdom from needless disorder, Natsuki Subaru, here, you shall be…!]

Subaru: [Hey, hold on hold on hold on! You’re way overestimating me! To begin with, something like treason…]

Knight: [Silence! All is for the sake of the Kingdom! That talkative mouth of yours, I shall――]

???: [――A wind of deceit is blowing around you.]

――That instant, a dignified gust of wind swept through.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Ferris.]

Ferris: [――. Yes.]

???: [Treat all of the wounded. Ensure that all shall be able to return to their previous lives without any grave incident.]

Ferris: [Even if you didn’t tell me, that was what I had intended.]

???: [I see. Then it is fine. ――I shall provision the time for you to do so.]

They did not exchange many words. However, that was enough for the two of them.

For those two, who both knew the capabilities of the other better than they did, that was enough.

Subaru: [――――]

The golden hue of the Dragon Eye painted a streak of light through the air with its radiance, making fools of the squad of Knights through nimble movements. The Knights spread out in order to avoid striking each other, displaying a high level of coordination, but――,

???: [I perceive it.]

The storm of swords closed in on her, and ought to have left no openings, but by thrusting the tip of her slender sword into an opening the size of a needle’s eye, a path was forced open by the Valkyrie―― by Crusch, whose blade’s shimmer capered, dispossessing the Knights of their own swords.

Crying out in pain, the Knights clutched their arms as they fell back, all having received shallow cuts to the base of their wrists or fingers, causing them to withdraw by stripping them of their ability to continue fighting.

That, was the non-lethal sword that would not pilfer life in vain―― and just as he thought so,

Crusch: [Are the lot of you real? Are you fakes?]

Knights: [――Hk.]

Crusch: [The two on the sides are fine, the one who has fallen back to the center, you are vile. ――There is no escape.]

Directly following the heartless verdict, the Knight who had fallen back held up his non-sword wielding hand toward Crusch, and in that moment, signs of magic being invoked began to distort the atmosphere.

However――,

Beatrice: [It is no use, in fact.]

As Beatrice muttered from the side, her words were verified by the flash of Crusch’s blade―― a special technique that would dice the magic apart before invocation, which thus showered the wide-eyed Knight in the severing light of an oblique slash, felling him to the ground.

For a moment, Subaru had been about to call out words to hold her back, but looking at things carefully while understanding the situation, it was clear that Crusch had a clear basis for the mercy and the lack thereof that she dished out.

Intermixed amidst the company of Knights, were those whose intent had been to subdue Crusch, and those who harbored clear intent to kill her. ――And until now, the ones whom Crusch had cut down had entirely belonged to the latter category.

Likewise, in the reckless behavior of the commanding officer of these Knights, there had clearly been the influence of a certain someone―― of Capella.

Thus, the influence of that horrid Authority, was something that could be discerned by Crusch’s Divine Protection with precision.

Subaru: [Moreover, if I’m not mistaken… she’s gotten stronger than she was in the mansion?]

Beatrice: [You’re not mistaken, I suppose. She has acquired a greater command over her eye compared to then, in fact.]

Swinging her sword bereft of futility, bereft of mercy, and bereft of play, Crusch classified whom among the squad of Knights had been influenced by Capella and those who had not, further selecting even the means by which she felled them, therefore demonstrating exceedingly preeminent swordsmanship as she did battle.

She was getting increasingly familiar with her Dragon Eye. ――As for what that signified, he remained unable to wholeheartedly rejoice.

Ferris: [――Hk, that’s everyone! All done!]

As Crusch continued to hack and slash her foes down, she succeeded in buying Ferris enough time to finish healing everyone.

Sweat on his brow, Ferris attempted to stand up on the spot. His body staggered, and he was about to topple when Subaru promptly reached a hand out to support him.

Then, taking Ferris’s slender body in his arm, he kept the former in a firm hold by lending him a shoulder.

Ferris: [You sure don’t let any opportunity to shine go by, do you now, Subaru-kun…?]

Subaru: [Don’t say it as if I was just waiting for an opportunity! Man, you’re the absolute coolest, you know!?]

Ferris: [Your voice is loud. Try to prop me up better. It feels like I might collapse.]

Subaru: [You complain too much. But… Crusch-san!]

Ferris had accomplished his job. It was thus time for Crusch to also withdraw from her battle against the Knights.

To be honest, with her strength, it might have also been possible to break through this encirclement head-on, but――,

Beatrice: [If she falls asleep halfway through again, it will spell the end for certain this time, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Actually, that’s what I’m scared of! Crusch-san, tell me you’ve got some sort of countermeasure!]

Crusch: [Regrettably, I lack anything of the sort.]

Subaru: [Hyehhhh!]

Crusch: [Ergo, I have arranged for it. ――Black Dog!]

Just when he believed their hopes extinguished, Crusch called out a name far too dangerous to place their hopes in.

Immediately after Subaru, Beatrice, and Ferris all reacted “Ugyeh” to that vocalization――,

Black Dog: [Kuhahahahaha! Don’t hate me like that, don’t love me like that! It’s showtime for the headliner!]

A cackling voice that gave rise to unpleasant feelings to any who heard it echoed far and wide, causing the Knights and those in the environs, all of whom completely unfamiliar with the voice, to look around the vicinity in shock. However, the proprietor of the laughing voice was nowhere to be found.

Instead, what blanketed their vision was a tremendous quantity of black smoke.

Crusch: [A smokescreen. There is no harm.]

Amidst the voices of shock and confusion rising up at the black smoke, Crusch’s voice informed them so as she ran over. However, though he was not suspicious of Crusch, if this was the work of Black Dog, his apprehension would win out.

Ferris: [It’s alright, I think. If not, me and Subaru-kun would end up being left behind here again, right?]

Subaru: [You’re right about that! Got it. Then right now, from here―― Invisible Providence !]

That moment, as Subaru nodded in agreement to Ferris’s comment, an invisible black magic hand emerged from his chest, and driving through the black smoke, it slammed into the face of the Knight squadron’s commanding officer, who had been attempting to charge toward them.

The commanding officer’s nose erupted with blood as he exclaimed “Kah!”, falling over on his back. Glancing at that, Crusch,

Crusch: [That person was fine.]

Subaru: [You’re kidding!? He wasn’t someone who’s been replaced!?]

Crusch: [I sensed he harbored a strong ire and hatred toward you.]

Ferris: [It’s Knight Zeolle, right? He was in the Castle at the time of the Royal Selection. Isn’t that why?]

Subaru: [Enough, please just settle on a single rating for that episode already!]

Whether it served as proof of Subaru’s innocence, or as the reason for him being targeted, the ratings were all over the place.

Setting aside that lamentation of his, disappearing into the black smoke screen, Subaru and the gang escaped the situation. ――Behind them, several members of the company of Knights attempted to follow after, but,

Kadomon: [I won’t let you chase after the kiddo and the rest. After all, I don’t like the way you Knights have conducted yourselves today one bit.]

Standing in the way to obstruct their path, was Kadomon and the gate guards.

At that unexpected assist, Subaru called out “Unc!?” in surprise, to which Kadomon smiled,

Kadomon: [Go on then, kiddo, I’ll be cheering for you! You, and Emilia-sama both!]

Subaru: [――Hk! Ahh, I’ll be coming back to collect your honest vote!]

Hearing that encouragement from Kadomon, who had acknowledged Natsuki Subaru as Emilia’s Knight, Subaru responded while on the verge of tears, and exerted strength in his legs to cross into the black smoke once more.

As he went off, the angered bellows of the squadron of Knights, and the ardor of the gate guardians defying them, all flared up in a large uproar――,

Elderly Guard: [――Inspection’s finished! Let ‘em pass, you Knights! And let us guards do our jobs!!]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Yo, so you’re back? I thought you’d die for sure.]

Subaru: [Chin, man, to think you were such a useless guy to have as an ally…]

After Subaru and company made it out of the enshrouding black smoke which had permitted their escape, Rachins had been waving at them as they rushed to board the dragon carriage waiting outside the gate, welcoming the four of them.

With there having been such an uproar, Subaru was shocked at Rachins’s apparent heartlessness, as he had not shown any willingness to take action.

Subaru: [Do you not have a human heart? Are you a Witch Cultist?]

Rachins: [Don’t fucking cast suspicions on people like that! Saying I didn’t do anything’s also a false accusation! I handled all the negotiations for you. Ain’t that right, Duchess-san?]

Rachins stuck out his tongue, and cued Crusch to weigh in. At that addressment, Crusch, her eyepatch reaffixed over her left eye, nodded a “That is correct”,

Crusch: [Rachins Hoffman does have a way with words. In fact, it was he who enabled negotiations to take place.]

Subaru: [Negotiations? That’d be…]

???: [――Of course, that would be with us, Natsuki-dono.]

At the voice that felt somewhat like a surprise attack, Subaru and Beatrice’s shoulders jumped with a “Pyo”.

The proprietor of the voice was none other than Russell, who had entered the dragon carriage a bit later than Subaru and the rest.

Accompanied by White Sheep and Black Dog, he shut the door to the dragon carriage, and signaled to the coachman to depart.

Instantly, the dragon carriage began to move, transforming it into an inescapable post-mortem meeting room.

Russell: [First of all, the fact that everyone returned safely is the most optimal outcome for our course of action. Of course, it was merely the result of having been blessed with good fortune, and I harbor many reservations, but―― Blue Snake.]

Ferris: [Mm…]

Russell: [You were the one to append the condition of keeping your presence among us hidden. If you take such actions regardless of that, it becomes impossible to keep it a secret. You shall not proclaim it a fault on our part, correct?]

Ferris: [I understand. I won’t call it a breach of our conditions. This isn’t the place for me to speak on my personal interests either.]

Being the first one to whom Russell had spoken out, Ferris glanced toward Crusch from the corner of his eye. However, even though Crusch had likely noticed his gaze, she gave no reaction in Ferris’s direction.

The atmosphere adrift between the two of them was something extremely complex, and so――,

Subaru: [What should we do, Beako. Might I be able to do a good job of churning the atmosphere, I wonder? Should I give it a try?]

Beatrice: [For now, for now you should hold off, in fact. This is a scene for us to sit back and “observe”, I suppose. More importantly…]

Russell: [Natsuki-dono, from hereon, please refrain from taking such actions.]

Subaru: [Guh… I guess, you’re mad at me, right?]

He cautiously examined Russell’s expression, but, perhaps to be expected, the head of an intelligence agency was unreadable.

Russell’s expression was a calm sea of emotion, but there was no way that he was not angry with Subaru, who had directly disobeyed his orders, and rushed onto the scene. ――This face, was something he ought to count as indignation.

Russell: [I am not mad, just disappointed. After all, I believe I had thoroughly instilled exactly what ought to be prioritized. ――If not for Crusch-sama’s comments, I would not have risked remaining in that place.]

Subaru: [Crusch-san’s, words? Those would be…]

Crusch: [It is nothing extraordinary. ――As the situation stands, I have no intention of placing my trust in anybody here other than Natsuki Subaru. Without you here, I would refuse to cooperate with the likes of the Six Tongues.]

Subaru: [That’s…! That’s an extreme honor, but…!]

Depending on how it was interpreted, that assessment could be a rather extreme one, and thus, Subaru fervently took mind of the surrounding gazes―― in particular, that of Russell, who’d had an unnecessary condition levied upon him, and Ferris, who bore quite a complex relationship. But then again, Russell’s expression remained unchanged, and Ferris, due to exhaustion, remained seated while averting his face.

Regardless, the Six Tongues could not afford to relinquish Crusch, so it was due to her opinion that they had been unable to abandon Subaru, Beatrice, and Ferris after they had gone back to the crash site.

Subaru: [But, this would mean, Russell-san…]

Russell: [What is it? If your mind has changed over the course of this incident…]

Subaru: [Rather than my mind per-se, this is just a hypothetical, but if something like this were to happen again, I think Ferris and I probably wouldn’t be able to leave it alone. Hence, I have a request.]

Russell: [――. Let us hear it.]

Subaru: [From here on out, I’d like to go with strategies that, well, cause as little harm to others as possible. ――Is that no good?]

Russell slightly widened his eyes at that plea, and behind him, Black Dog laughed a “Kuha”.

He was aware that he was saying something unreasonable. But, as a matter of fact, nobody had died during the incident on this occasion. It would be difficult when it came to dealing with those whom Capella had gotten her hands on, but they should still be able to oppose that to the very end.

As Subaru thought so, before Russell could even say anything――,

White Sheep: [M-me too! I also think… that Subaru-san’s way of doing things, is good…]

Crusch: [There is nothing more ideal than concluding things with minimal casualties. Of course, I believe that we ought to follow a certain order of priority in order to get things done, but… lives rank quite highly in my personal order of precedence.]

White Sheep and Crusch were in agreement with Subaru’s opinion, and there was also no way that Ferris would object. Black Dog’s sneer went without saying, but surprisingly, Rachins snorted his nose but did not repudiate it.

And, as a matter of course, Subaru’s like-minded best partner was――,

Beatrice: [Of course, Betty’s view is the same as Subaru’s, in fact. After all, Subaru has always silenced everyone by recklessly doing the impossible, I suppose. This time shall be no different, in fact.]

Subaru: [You’re sorta making me sound like a terrible troublemaker , but, thank you.]

Articulating so with a smile, Subaru hugged Beatrice by his lap, and plumped himself down into his seat. He was to the left of Ferris, who had sat down before him. Then, on his other side, Crusch took her seat.

Sandwiching Subaru and Beatrice, Crusch and Ferris had aligned themselves to his sides.

Subaru: [Shit. I picked the wrong seat. Um, I guess I’ll just move…]

Ferris: [Hey, Subaru-kun. Could you pass a message to the person by your side? “That strange power might place an unexpected burden on your body, so it would be best not to overrely on it~”, kay?]

Subaru: [No, err…]

Crusch: [Natsuki Subaru, pass the following message onto the individual by your side. “It is likely that I will once more fall asleep for a short while. If you are concerned regarding my body, you are free to inspect it whilst I am slumbering”, that is all.]

Subaru: [Come on, does that really need to go through me!? Let’s all just speak honestly! Both of you seem like you can talk!]

However, neither Ferris, who rested his chin in his hands as he looked to the day after tomorrow, nor Crusch, who shut her eyes as she folded her arms, were willing to lend an ear to Subaru’s cries.

Although it was extremely reassuring and joyous that Crusch and Ferris were both part of the promising ensemble to save this Kingdom, the pattern of their relationship was not yet ready to openly express their gratitude.

Subaru: [The road ahead… the road ahead will be fraught with difficulties.]

As he slumped his shoulders, crestfallen, he placed his chin on the head of Beatrice in his lap. While Beatrice felt that weight, she began to pat Subaru’s head from below without reservation.

――The battle to save Emilia, to save his comrades carving their own path, and to save the Kingdom of Lugunica all in one go, commenced. A battle that would surely be no less rigorous than any that had come before.

Indeed, in the background of that strong resolve and determination donned by Natsuki Subaru, while gazing out at the shrinking sight of the Royal Capital,

Russell: [You hadn’t written about anything of this sort in your letters, Roswaal. Did you not provide the necessary Knightly training to ensure Emilia-sama would prevail, as per your desires…?]

Thus grumbled the man of the intelligence agency forced to deal with a responsibility outside the scope of his calculations, utterly stunned as he was.

--- Chapter 25: With Love, I Long To See You Smile Again ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――He had imagined that the time to pay off his accrued debts would have arrived more dramatically.

???: [――Heinkel Astrea-dono, there is an active order requiring your presence at the Royal Capital. You shall be coming with us.]

Informed as such by the Knights that surrounded him, all clad in the white garb of the Kingdom’s Royal Guard, Heinkel had been sitting in the corner of a tavern during the middle of the day, cheap booze in hand, anguishing over the gloominess of his future prospects.

Faced with the Knights who, aware of his identity, had called for his surrender, Heinkel felt genuine sympathy for them, seeing as how they were being forced to do a job they did not want to do.

Heinkel: [Royal Capital, the Royal Capital, huh… just what crime could they possibly be trying to arrest me for?]

Knight: [Unfortunately, we lack the authorization to inform you. Still, if you are going to resist…]

The air of tension amongst the knights rose palpably.

His exhales carried a thick scent of liquor, but the intoxication had yet to reach his head. Through the senses of his skin, Heinkel deduced that other than the three before his eyes, there was also a squadron of Knights waiting outside the tavern.

To make a long story short, they would not hesitate to use force. And, Heinkel did not possess the strength to force their senses of duty to yield.

Above all――,

Heinkel: [Even if I flee, it’s a stalemate, huh…]

It was not at all as though he had merely been gulping down cheap booze in despair. Before he ever filled his mouth with liquor, he had thoroughly wracked his mind in search of any means possible. After that, the reason he had headed to this tavern was because no matter how far he went, he had not wished to admit it. ――That he had already exhausted every possible option.

Heinkel: [――――]

Looking down at the cup still half filled with alcohol atop the bar counter, Heinkel bit his lip.

For the two objectives Heinkel needed to accomplish no matter what, there was a position he absolutely needed to acquire at any cost―― a position that would allow him to intervene in the Royal Selection.

Originally, his contact with Priscilla had been a coincidence, so it was purely by chance that he had been granted that position, but he had realized far too late that it was something he could not afford to lose. Hence, the best course of action Heinkel could take would be to seek employment at one of the two camps that remained after excluding the Crush Camp, where his father was involved, and the Felt Camp, where his son was involved.

Heinkel: [Emilia-sama’s camp is out of the question, and the Kararagi… Anastasia-sama’s camp would also probably be…]

Unfeasable; even Heinkel could comprehend that.

He would have liked to place hope in Anastasia’s reasonability as a merchant, but as he had learned in the Vollachian Empire, she was quite friendly with Emilia. In all likelihood, she would have already heard about the disgraceful display Heinkel had made in front of Emilia.

Even if not, Heinkel was also self-aware that his reputation was the absolute worst.

Ergo, Heinkel had no chance of being employed by any of the Royal Candidates.

And thus, that had been more than enough of a reason for him to have been completely crushed, the faint ray of hope he had begun to glimpse extinguished.

Knight: [Heinkel Astrea-dono. ――Your response.]

Pressed for a definitive answer amidst the mounting tension, Heinkel gulped down all the remaining booze in his cup, and lowered his hands.

Not once did he feel the mettle to attempt reaching for the beloved sword by his waist.

As they escorted him away, they did not even bother binding Heinkel’s arms as they stuffed him in a dragon carriage, somewhat anticlimactically.

He had been fully prepared for a more violent journey, such that they did not even treat him as human.

Heinkel: […In the end, what sort of pretext is this?]

Stuck between the Knights who, as always, would not answer him even if he asked, Heinkel pondered what crime of his was being called into question. ――There were many possibilities that came to mind.

He had completely abandoned both his obligations as Deputy Commander of the Royal Guard, and his position as lord of the Astrea domain; it was also completely possible that he was under suspicion of meddling in the domestic affairs of the Vollachian Empire. If it was about something more recent, there was also the fact that he had been about to assist in the scheme plotted by Aldebaran.

But then again, as he was the one who had been approached with the proposal, he wished to cry out, “This isn’t what we agreed on!” seeing as the plan had completely fallen apart before even a single thing could commence.

However, Heinkel did not have any intent of blaming Aldebaran for that.

Someone had attempted to accomplish something, and it had come to an end with them having failed to achieve it. If that were something to be blamed for, then even if Heinkel were to drown to death a hundred times in a sea of blame, it would still not be enough.

Once again, everything was back to square one.

That went for both dragging Reinhard down from the seat of Sword Saint, and awakening his wife who had been slumbering for nigh on twenty years.

Or, perhaps this was a good time.

With even his reason to keep struggling on taken away from him, perhaps this was a good time for him to be told to just give up already. If that were the case, he might have even laughed.

Heinkel: […Still, this is strange.]

Escorted all the way to the Royal Capital by the Knights who had assiduously refused to tell him anything over these few days, Heinkel furrowed his brow at the fact that he had not come out of the dragon carriage to the sight of the Royal Castle, a guard station, or even a prison.

What lay before his eyes was an old chapel constructed in a section of the Royal Capital―― belonging to the Church of the Divine Dragon, it was a building that Heinkel found difficult to face directly.

Speaking of the Church of the Divine Dragon, it was the state religion of the Kingdom of Lugunica, a bastion of prayer where many citizens, though varying in their piety, devote their faith toward the Divine Dragon, whose favor they all partake in.

In the past, Heinkel too had ventured there many a time to offer up prayers, wishing for the awakening of his slumbering wife. ――But, after that night, never did he return. He had no right to set foot there; at present, that was Heinkel’s self-evaluation in regards to the church.

In the Church of the Divine Dragon’s house of prayer, what awaited Heinkel as he was shoved along through the entrance, was a girl in a nun’s habit, with long golden hair, and ruby eyes――,

???: [Ah! I’ve been waiting for you, Heinkel-sama!]

The instant she saw Heinkel’s face, the girl clamorously flew out of her chair, quickly rushing toward him. At the momentum of the restless girl wearing a beaming smile, Heinkel reflexively took half a step back.

What he had sensed was not hostility. It was goodwill. The reason he had fallen back was not because of a threat. It was because of suspicion. The reason for that suspicion, upon eyeing the girl up and down once more, immediately connected.

Beautiful golden hair, and ruby eyes akin to blazing jewels.

Those traits ought to have been impossible.

Girl: [――I am Filóre Lugunica. I’m delighted to have the pleasure of meeting you like this, Heinkel-sama. I’ve been looking forward to your arrival!]

Heinkel: [ Fil… oh-re…!? ]

Filóre: [――? Yes, that is correct, Filóre. That is my… wait, that’s right! People who know it are always shocked when they hear it! Recently, everything all around me has gotten all busy and hectic, so I forgot to be careful about that.]

Sticking out her tongue to hide her embarrassment as she spoke, as the girl―― as the one who called herself Filóre faced him, Heinkel could not put into words the turbulence that had assailed him.

After all, it was impossible for there to be two people in this world who bore that name.

Filóre: [All of you, thank you very much for your assistance. For your wonderful work, the Dragon will also surely be delighted. “The arm of man doth swing the sword, but it be the Dragon’s will that deals in life. Under the footprints of a Knight chosen, even the most bloodied of ruts turn to roads of silver.” This too, is in the scriptures.]

Filóre called out to the Knights standing at the entrance to the chapel, behind the shaken Heinkel. At the sonorous reverberation of her voice, the Knights all exchanged glances.

Of course, from their perspective, having been the ones to drag Heinkel here, they would not want to do something like leaving Filóre and Heinkel alone here. But, without taking notice of the Knights’ concerns, Filóre declared “You need not fear!” with a clenched fist,

Filóre: [This personage is of the line of Sword Saints, the magnificent gentleman chosen by the Divine Dragon, I give him my personal stamp of approval! This is an extremely momentous encounter for the very Kingdom itself!]

As Filóre thud her own chest and talked bombastically, the Knights’ discomfiture did not fade.

On the other hand, Heinkel also had some vehement reservations about her remarks. It was to such an extent that it had managed to pull him back to reality from the initial shock of her name.

Knight: [If anything happens, please call out. We shall be on standby outside.]

Given their position, that was the limit on how much they were able to compromise.

And leaving those words behind, keeping a stern gaze on Heinkel until the very end, the Knights closed the entrance to the chapel, and took their posts outside. Once the sight of those Knights disappeared behind the doors, Filóre grumbled “How difficult” whilst folding her arms.

Filóre: [The situation is what it is, so it’s only natural that everyone is so worried, but… right now, this takes priority. Once again, Heinkel Astrea-sama, it is a pleasure to…]

Heinkel: [――Just before, what the hell were you trying to do?]

Filóre: [ Fweh ?]

Taking a step, he closed the distance of the half-step he had previously taken back, and questioned the other party. In doing so, as he looked down at Filóre from up close, her ruby eyes widened.

What discomforting eyes those were. In her refined facial features, he sensed far too many similarities to the Lugunican Royal Family. ――But, that could not be possible.

Heinkel: [Filóre Lugunica, is the princess who vanished from the castle fifteen years ago. And if it’s about her, she was already found in the slums quite a while ago, and now, in the Royal Selection…]

Filóre: [――Ah, you mean Felt, right? Indeed, I’ve heard that she also has those suspicions hanging over her. But, amongst ourselves, we have reached the conclusion that it doesn’t matter either way.]

Heinkel: [Ah…?]

Filóre: [It is possible that either she or myself is that princess who disappeared from the Royal Castle fifteen years ago. As it so happens, both of us are around fifteen years of age, and I believe there is a miraculous serendipity transpiring in that regard. However, that is unimportant.]

Heinkel: [J-just what sort of ridiculous nonsense are you on about!]

As Filóre brazenly touched so nonchalantly upon one of the foremost incidents of the Kingdom, Heinkel raised his voice.

In reality, it was ridiculous nonsense. Due to that terrible incident, there were several things that had ended up straying from the right path. And, it was not a matter unrelated to Heinkel either.

On that night fifteen years prior, the several occurrences that took place at the Royal Castle Lugunica――,

Heinkel: [That ties back to what you said earlier! That I’m of the line of Sword Saints, that I was chosen by the Dragon, spouting all sorts of nonsense…]

Filóre: [But, fifteen years ago, the one who basked in the Dragon’s Blood kept safe in the Royal Castle, never succumbing to the power it holds, before ultimately adapting to it… wasn’t it you, Heinkel-sama?]

Heinkel: [Wha――]

Filóre: [Ah, this was something that needs to be kept secret, right? To tell you the truth, it was something I stealthily read in the confidential records of the Church, so I only realized later that it was something that couldn’t be spread around.]

Though Filóre was belatedly trying to keep her voice hushed, Heinkel was in no state to care about that.

The Dragon’s Blood from fifteen years prior; the fact that it was even brought up in the first place was a shock, but the pièce de résistance was the fact that it was documented in something like the confidential records of the Church of the Divine Dragon.

The reason was lost on him. There was certainly a time when Heinkel had frequented the church, but it was not as though he was a devout adherent, nor had he ever done anything like confessing his inner heart to no avail.

Above all――,

Heinkel: [――――]

The suspicions raised against him, and the events of that night fifteen years ago: he would absolutely never reveal them.

The responsibility for the matter did not lie with Heinkel alone. It was an incident of grave importance that could well impact the rest of House Astrea, and the entirety of the Kingdom of Lugunica.

It was by no means a matter that would be put to rest if Heinkel alone were to lay bare his own heart.

Heinkel: [Hah, I’ve got absolutely no idea what you’re going on about, you damn phony princess.]

Thus, as Heinkel’s cheeks contorted with spinelessness, he attempted to viciously scorn Filóre.

Upon hearing it, Filóre widened her eyes, catching her breath at Heinkel’s denial. Did she really not consider that she might be denied? In that case, she was a foolish girl.

Heinkel: [Did you think that if you crashed into things head-first with honesty, everything would just neatly bounce back to you? If so, that’s an unthinkably carefree approach. The world isn’t such a nice place.]

Filóre: [Heinkel-sama…]

Heinkel: [Don’t go slapping on honorifics as if they’re some kinda uniform! I don’t know what you’re expecting from me, but it’s too bad. Chosen by the Divine Dragon? Don’t joke with me. The line of Sword Saints? Is that your aim? The Royal Castle and the Church of the Divine Dragon have always kept a distance! If you guys revere the Divine Dragon above all else, then Reinhard must be in your way, yeah!?]

Rapidly spitting out a string of foul speech, he felt the depths of his chest being tainted in viscous black.

He had just been half-mindedly vocalizing his thoughts, but surprisingly, he felt like the words he was saying rang true. The name of the Sword Saint was renowned in the Kingdom of Lugunica, and in the current age of Reinhard, celebrated as the strongest one in history, it could possibly be said that it was approaching the realm of religious faith.

It was possible that for the Church of the Divine Dragon, Reinhard was something like a thorn in their side.

In order to remove that, it was completely conceivable that they intended to use Heinkel. ――That which, until now, Heinkel himself had used as a card in his negotiations with the Royal Candidates, was now tinged with an unpleasant clamminess.

But, perchance, considering one of Heinkel’s objectives, that could also――,

Filóre: [――The reason I sought you out, Heinkel-sama, is because I wanted to have you become my Knight.]

――.

――――.

――――――――.

Heinkel: […What?]

Due to his deep rumination, in which he ground his teeth to the point where he could taste blood, he felt like he had heard an odd auditory illusion.

If not that, it must have been some inexplicable mishearing ; Heinkel grimaced with such sentiments, however, paying no mind to his bafflement, Filóre raised her visage, and opened her mouth.

Once again, this time staring directly into his azure eyes,

Filóre: [Heinkel Astrea-sama, I wish for you to become my Knight. With a delayed entry into the Royal Selection, the Knight of this very Filóre Lugunica.]

Heinkel: [Idi…! A-are you insane…!?]

Filóre: [My, what an awful thing to say! I’ll warn you now, but if you swear an oath to serve me, I’d like for you to reform that attitude as much as possible.]

Forcing him to swallow the fact that he did not mishear her, she doubled down on the sentiment. But, no matter how many times she repeated it, there was no way a proper discussion could take place with such an unsteady foundation.

Filóre had said it. That as a Royal Candidate, she would have Heinkel be her one and only Knight.

Heinkel: [Who do you have whispering in your ear? Don’t tell me, was it Reinhard? Did he say something to you? Then…]

Filóre: [Don’t make jokes! How could I thoughtlessly make such an important decision based on what someone else tells me to do? I came to this decision completely by myself!]

Heinkel: [If that’s the case then you’ve really got no eye for this sort of thing whatsoever! Didn’t you tell anyone else? For example, those Knights out there. There ought to have been plenty of people you could have asked!]

Filóre: [Yes, I did ask them. Everyone made complicated faces, and insisted that I should rethink it.]

Heinkel: [Then listen and do as you’re told! Rethink it!]

Filóre: [I did rethink it! But, no matter how many times I rethink it, you always end up as my number one choice, Heinkel-sama.]

Placing her hands on her hips, Filóre puffed out her chest and answered proudly, leaving Heinkel speechless.

She was likely the type to stick with something to the end once she had decided on it. Even just judging from her behavior until now, he generally understood that. He understood it, but what the hell were the people around her doing?

Heinkel: [Miss Priscilla also had a stubborn side to her, never budging once she’d set her mind on something, but in her case, nobody could deny her decisiveness and ability to get things done…]

In the sense of not lending an ear to the words of those around them, it might have been a close contest.

But, between Priscilla and Filóre, there was a great disparity in their individual reliability, or rather, in the degree of their strength of character.

To put it bluntly, Priscilla had been an adult, and Filóre was a child. If a child was attempting to do something wrong, it was an adult’s duty to stop them.

Even if that child bore a prestigious title such as Royal Candidate, and even if the adult in the position to admonish them was a foolish, wretched failure who had no right to do so.

Heinkel: [Even if you’re a dreamer, that which you’re dreaming of right now is a nightmare. It’s the kind of bad dream where you won’t even lend an ear to everyone around you telling you it’s a nightmare. How could I possibly go along with that?]

As he asserted that, Heinkel derided his own foolish decision.

Even though he had lost any Royal Candidate to rely on, and had been drowning himself in alcohol without being able to achieve his desires, now that this hand, the best thing he could possibly have hoped for, had been extended to him like this, he did not grasp it back.

If it had truly been so important to him, he ought to have reached out his hand by any means, fair or foul. ――In that case, after having spent fifteen years, could it be that he was not really serious about it, still trying to pick and choose the hands he took?

All of it was naught more than the mere dregs of convictions firmly rooted within him, with Heinkel’s interior being completely empty――,

???: [――You’re spoolio! Heinkel-san!]

That instant, a voice clearly resonated in a corner of his mind, quaking Heinkel’s very soul.

Heinkel: [――Louanna.]

For nearly twenty years now, he had not heard her voice even a single time.

Even so, whenever he closed his eyes, and pictured her smile, he would be able to hear her voice not only as if it were just yesterday, but as if she was right there with him in this very moment. It was only natural. He loved her, after all.

Even if Heinkel was completely empty, he had been filled with an ardor known as Louanna, along with everything she had given him, and all of that was real.

Not once, not even for a single second, had any of that ever faded.

Filóre: [I am appointed as a Saintess of the Church of the Divine Dragon. The ideal I espouse as a Royal Candidate, starting with erasure of the ill feelings between the Royal Castle and the Church, is the complete abolition of any factors that stand in the way of bestowing salvation.]

Before the silent Heinkel, Filóre started speaking quietly, but with a certain strength in her voice.

Raising his visage, Heinkel gazed at Filóre. As always, she was staring directly toward Heinkel, however, the words she weaved were bereft of the same frivolous atmosphere from earlier.

In order to impart the words she had to share with him no matter what, she was carefully selecting her words, imbuing them with strength and sentiment alike; that much was clear to him.

Filóre: [Heinkel-sama, I’ve heard about your wife. It would seem as though you have been searching for a way to awaken her for over a decade, not once ever giving up. It is extremely admirable.]

Heinkel: […You think it’s admirable? I’ve accomplished nothing. Louanna still isn’t awake, so what the hell is…]

Filóre: [No, it’s admirable! Nobody has ever commended you for it, have they? But, I think it’s incredible! It’s not something that just anybody can do. You’re indomitable… no, I’m sure there have been times when your spirit has been broken. Even so, the fact that you were able to stand back up is amazing!]

Heinkel: [――――]

Filóre: [That’s the kind of person you are, which is why I want you to be my Knight. Of course, as a Saintess, I also can’t overlook the fact that you were chosen by the Dragon. But, you are someone who does everything in your power without ever giving up for the people precious to you. I’m sure we’ll make a great match!]

Raising her voice, Filóre extended her smooth, white hand. And as if imploring Heinkel to take her hand, her ruby eyes blazed as if a flame was alight within them.

A foolish girl; no matter how much he heard of what she had to say, that impression did not disappear.

The individual whom a Royal Candidate selected to be their one and only Knight would become an existence who they entrusted not only with their own life, but with their political destiny as well. Even with a lofty title like Saintess of the Church of the Divine Dragon, it was all prone to being blown away by Heinkel’s notoriety.

There was not even a sliver of a reason for Filóre to choose Heinkel as her Knight.

He would refuse her. He should refuse her. Not for anyone’s sake, but for the sake of this foolish girl before his eyes.

In order to prevent this foolish and gentle girl from being ridiculed as an idiot, from being insulted by everyone behind her back, Heinkel ought to refuse her request.

And even though he ought to have refused her――,

Heinkel: [――Let me hear… one thing.]

Even though he ought to have sneered at her, turned his back, and walked away, he ended up speaking those words.

It was not a refusal. Neither was it a disparagement. As he expressed intent to continue the conversation, Filóre inclined her head.

Filóre: [What is it?]

Heinkel: [I’ve heard that the Church of the Divine Dragon has secret arts of healing that are forbidden from being revealed to the public. Maybe… just maybe, if such a thing truly exists, then…]

Filóre: [――You mean the Sacrament?]

Heinkel: [――Hk! Is there really such a thing!?]

Filóre seemed to have an idea of what he was talking about, and Heinkel pounced at her words. ――That vigor of his caused Filóre to widen her eyes, before she cast her eyes slightly downward.

While the change in her expression affirmed the existence of the sacrament, it also told Heinkel that she was uncertain if it would meet his expectations―― if it would be useful in awakening his slumbering wife.

Filóre: [――. There is. But, I don’t know whether it will have an effect on your wife or not.]

Sure enough, after a moment of silence, Filóre shook her head from side to side.

But, he did not get overly dejected. Having his hopes dashed, and being pushed down to the bottom of the cliff was an experience Heinkel was by no means a stranger to. The fact that he would not die even when that happened, was a result he had verified many times.

Heinkel: [I see. Is that so… Ahh, that’s right.]

He had already experienced more than enough shame in his life.

If his mind was wired in any respectable way, then even his question just now was something he should not have asked. And yet, he had asked it. Upon doing so, his hopes were thrown to the wayside.

So now――,

Filóre: [――That’s why, we have no choice but to test it out. They’re always telling me that I mustn’t use it too frequently, but if it’s for the sake of helping people, it should be fine.]

Heinkel: [――Ah?]

Filóre: [Ah, but, as I said just now, I’m not certain if it will work. The Sacrament isn’t all powerful, and it also depends on the state of that person’s soul… however, the Church of the Divine Dragon also has a lot of other things that aren’t known to the public, so if we don’t give up, it should be possible to open a path forward. Yes, surely.]

Firmly clenching the hand opposite to her extended one into a fist, Filóre once more insisted the same way she had initially.

The contents of her insistence caused Heinkel to blink his eyes, and let out a ragged breath.

Heinkel: [――――]

Filóre did not say that it would work.

Neither did she say to leave it to her, nor promise that she would definitely save her. ――Merely, she vowed to not give up.

For nearly twenty years, Heinkel had failed to be understood by anyone, being ridiculed as a fool time and time again; the things he had never abandoned despite all that, were now being affirmed as completely natural by the girl before his eyes.

He knew. ――He knew that everyone, even the very Heinkel reflected in the mirror, constantly thought somewhere in the back of their minds that it might actually be impossible.

Filóre: [Heinkel-sama, please lead the way. No, House Astrea is indeed quite famous, so I also have a rough idea of where it is, but I feel hesitant about barging into a household when no family members are home. Moreover, it’s also a little complicated between me and Felt…]

As if to say that things could not remain like this, Filóre halted in her tracks after gallantly striding forward. Looking back toward Heinkel after passing him, she called out to usher him to accompany her.

And, having turned around, Filóre’s eyes widened in shock. ――After all, before her eyes, Heinkel was kneeling down where he had stood, and was bowing his head.

Filóre: [Heinkel, sama…?]

Heinkel: [I apologize for my repeated acts of discourtesy. Miss Filóre.]

Before the surprised Filóre, Heinkel deliberately refined his speech, and spoke.

Were he to become the Knight of a Royal Candidate, he would be involved in the Royal Selection once more.

If it were a Saintess who could wield even the sacrament kept hidden by the Church of the Divine Dragon, it might be possible to awaken Louanna.

If there was a chance she was the princess who carried the blood of the Royal Family, then with the authority she held, it might even be possible to obtain the ancient knowledge slumbering in the Royal Castle, or even the Dragon’s Blood itself.

If he enumerated such calculations, he could come up with any number of reasons to kneel.

But, the number one reason for why Heinkel knelt here, was not any of those calculations.

――Do I really still want to pretend to be a Knight, me of all people?

Heinkel: [I would like to accept your proposal. ――Allow me to be your Knight, Miss Filóre.]

Filóre: [――――]

Heinkel: [You may end up regretting that you chose me, but…]

Filóre: [No, I won’t! Never!]

As Filóre smiled like a flower in bloom, Heinkel looked a bit daunted, before biting down on the interior of his cheek.

Still kneeling, he unsheathed the sword at his waist, laid it on the ground, and performed a respectful bow. ――The way he straightened his back, the angle at which he looked up at his lady, and his knightly etiquette of dedicating his blade, none of it had been erased by his twenty years of disgrace.

The ruins of a Knight who had once pledged fealty to the Royal Family, now, after all this time, decided to put those airs on once more.

It was ridiculous. Truly, it was utterly ridiculous.

While completely daubed in that humorless ridiculousness, Heinkel Astrea became the one and only Knight to the brand new Royal Candidate, Filóre Lugunica.

――And those were the events of the day upon which Saintess and Backstabber established a relationship of master and servant.

--- Chapter 26: A Word of Congratulations ---

――From the very outset of when he had been appointed as Filóre’s Knight, Heinkel had felt a sense of impending crisis stemming from her headfirst personality, but that cognition of his had been incorrect.

Filóre’s recklessness had been far worse than Heinkel had ever imagined.

Filóre: [――So, you’re saying that even though the medicine is in the warehouse, it can’t be delivered?]

???: [Yes. The traffic of dragon carriages in and out of Royal Capital is far too congested, so the Church’s carts have all come to a standstill. At this rate…]

Filóre: [The medicine will go bad, and there are many elders at the treatment centers who will be in danger if they don’t take their medicine every day… if this is what it comes to, then we’ll just have to do our best to transport it with our own hands, how about it?]

???: [Eh!? W-with our own hands!?]

Filóre: [That’s right! If the dragon carriages can’t be moved, we’ll just have to carry out the cargo with human strength… don’t you think this could work!?]

At the entrance to the chapel of the Church of the Divine Dragon, a young man with a catalog of medicines in hand leaned a great deal backwards when met with Filóre’s vigor, the latter leaning towards him with her fists balled up.

Perhaps taking the young man’s reaction as an affirmation, Filóre seemed ready to rush over to the Commercial District at any moment, and so Heinkel hastened to keep her in check with a “Hold on, hold on”.

Heinkel: [Miss Filóre, if you take that approach, then the problem won’t be resolved even when the sun sets, and then rises again tomorrow. Don’t tell me you were seriously about to try carrying everything by yourself.]

Filóre: [What are you talking about, isn’t it obvious!? Heinkel-sama is my Knight, so we’re in the same boat, the same boat I tell you! I’m not going by myself, but with the two of us!]

Heinkel: [Like hell that’s going to happen! Even if say, for the sake of argument, we were to depend on manual labor, Miss Filóre, there’s no way I could let someone of your standing go. If anyone’s going, it’d be me on my own.]

Filóre: [Please don’t say such standoffish things. Believe it or not, I’m also quite strong myself. At the convent, I even used to help rearrange rooms all the time for the old ladies with poor backs!]

Heinkel: [That’s! Not! What I’m talking about!]

Filóre got carried away at full throttle, and her ruby eyes widened at Heinkel’s angry shout.

While she blinked her sparkling, gemstone-like eyes, Heinkel scratched at his own red hair, directing a displeased “Oi” to the young worker from the transport company.

Heinkel: [What’s needed is a way to transport the medicine to the treatment center in the eastern ward, yeah? There ought to also be treatment centers in the west and south, so what about those ones?]

Worker: [The western and southern ones? There are still viable routes to be taken there, so there is no risk of the medicine getting stuck along the way…]

Heinkel: [Then this will be a quick chat. Instead of the medicine, you should relocate the patients instead.]

As he spoke, Heinkel snatched the medicine catalog out from the hands of the young employee.

All the medicines listed there were ones he was familiar with, and he could also roughly imagine the conditions of the patients who were in need of them. ――Ever since his wife had fallen asleep, he had inquired into the remedies for every illness he could discover. Having made use of his privileged family status residing in the Royal Capital, Heinkel had a greater knowledge of medicine than the average healer.

Heinkel: [Although, it’s not like I’ve seen the patients for myself. Ultimately, the decision rests with the healers, but it’s more realistic than trying to figure out a way to get all the dragon carriages through, and if a route to the eastern ward can be secured while going through with the makeshift solution, everything should go smoothly from then on. ――Well, how’s that for now, Miss Filóre?]

Filóre: [Eh? Ehh! Yes! Ah, but, what about the people who can’t be moved from the treatment center…]

Heinkel: [It’s not like everyone in the treatment center is a severe case. Thus, as long as we pack a single crate with the most urgent medicines, it’ll last for the time being.]

Filóre: [I see! And as for that crate, I shall――]

Heinkel: [Oi…]

Filóre: [――Not do it, rather, I entrust it to you! After all, carrying things is your job!]

Pierced by Heinkel’s eyes, Filóre was discouraged, before turning a smile in the direction of the young worker. After he had gotten the catalog back from Heinkel, he nodded at Filóre’s words,

Worker: [Understood, I will act accordingly. As for the treatment centers…]

Filóre: [Please, rest assured. The treatment centers and the Church of the Divine Dragon are deeply involved with each other!  We will promptly send an envoy and act to ensure there are no misunderstandings. You may focus on your own duty.]

Worker: [――Yes! Both of you, thank you very much!]

Following an expression of relief, the young man bowed his head along with a sense of duty and left the chapel. After seeing him off, Heinkel slumped his shoulders in exhaustion.

From the very beginning to the end, Filóre had continued to give counsel without losing steam, so while it was fine for her to receive gratitude, it was a bit uncomfortable when the same was shown to Heinkel, who did nothing but remain by her side.

After all, he was a man who, truth be told, did not have any right to be standing here.

Filóre: [Hard work as always, Heinkel-sama! That was a discussion in which our brilliant coordination really got to shine, wasn’t it? Since we also sent out an envoy, he should be able to attend to his own duties with peace of mind.]

And, having no clue as to those inner feelings of Heinkel, Filóre returned after sending one of the Church’s adherents to go off as an envoy, before lightly holding her hand up to him. She did not bring it down. Even after staring at it for a while, she still did not bring it down, waving it left and right in front of Heinkel.

Heinkel: […What.]

Filóre: [Not “what”, it’s a ritual to extol our joint efforts. If I hoist my hand up like this, Heinkel-sama, then you also bring your hand up to meet it. By doing that, we get to share in the feeling of having guided each other well, it’s a custom in the Church of the Divine Dragon!]

Heinkel: [Back when I used to go to Church, I never saw anything like that.]

Filóre: [It might have been a recently added custom! And, it might have been slightly influenced by me!]

Considering the culture of the Church that had unchangingly worshiped the Divine Dragon for four hundred years, rather than new rituals coming in and out of fashion, the notion of Filóre having had a large influence was more convincing.

Unfortunately, it did not seem like Filóre would be satisfied until he completed the custom, so after another sigh, Heinkel clapped his own palm to her hand.

Heinkel: [Miss Filóre, about what you said earlier…]

Filóre: [Ah, that was some splendid tact! Rest assured. I also made sure to tell the envoy to inform the people at the treatment center that it was your idea, Heinkel-sama.]

Heinkel: [――. You need to have more self-restraint. And frankly, more self-respect too.]

Filóre: [Self-restraint!? I don’t like those words…!]

As if betrayed by her cheerful smile, Filóre turned pale as she staggered towards a bench within the chapel. While watching over her state, he let a deep exhale out of his nose.

He wished to avoid doubling the things he wanted to say in such a short period of time.

Heinkel: [To start things off, you need to stop plunging in head first, and taking actions akin to searching around in the ashes of a fireplace. You don’t know what’s going to be amidst the ashes, and in the majority of cases, you’re going to get burned. When you’ve got no other choice but to search through the ashes, make use of other people. Starting with me.]

Filóre: [That’s… because you’re an immortal Knight who can’t lose out to flames, Heinkel-sama?]

Heinkel: [Wrong. It’s because if anyone’s going to get hurt, it should be the people who don’t care about getting hurt.]

Deliberately stating those strict words clearly, he attempted to rectify Filóre’s thinking.

Filóre’s way of doing things was perilous. But, the ability to display a disposition that captivated people’s attention, was an indispensable quality for a politician. Given that she had gotten a delayed participation in the Royal Selection, she would need to, without metaphor, avoid the situations that were likely to burn her, and effectively play the cards in her hand.

That was why――,

Heinkel: [Don’t go bringing up my name each and every time. I’ll be blunt, but seriously, it will only get in the way of your campaign in the Royal Selection, Miss Filóre.]

Filóre: [No way…]

Heinkel: [But, because they heard it was my suggestion, the earlier matter with the treatment center might not go over so well. The fact that it wouldn’t be strange for such a thing to happen is the epitome of my current standing. Sorry, but I’m aware of it.]

Filóre: [――Hk.]

His answer appeared to frustrate Filóre, but since it was none other than himself who had caused her to make that face, Heinkel did not possess the words to comfort or encourage her.

To be perfectly honest, he was still regretting his decision. ――As expected, Heinkel should not have accepted the request of Filóre, which could only be seen as delusional.

Whenever he witnessed the attitude of his master, a girl who, while still clumsy, was earnestly taking part in the Royal Selection, more and more did he end up despising his own self, who served as naught but a hindrance to her ambitions.

Doubly so if when considering that all the infamy he had accrued until now had been earned through his own volition.

Heinkel: [In the end, nothing I do ever goes well…]

Even though on occasion, he would take action while aiming for the best path forward, after a bit of time, his past actions would creep up and wring him by the neck. Again and again, it was akin to as if Heinkel was running a few laps behind in his life, coming up on unavoidable traps that he had left behind. Tripping over the holes dug by his past self, he had lost count of how many times he had fallen over until now.

That was precisely why, whenever he was able to accomplish some sort of feat, it would be the best outcome for Filóre if the impurity known as Heinkel was not mixed in―,

Filóre: [――Enough, it’s not like me!]

And, narrowing her two eyes, Filóre suddenly shouted before Heinkel as he was deep in thought, and he noticed that she had been firmly pinching the back of her own white hand. Then, as she cried out “Owwwww!”, Heinkel widened his eyes.

Heinkel: [W-what are you doing?]

Filóre: [I’m admonishing my own fecklessness! In truth I would have liked to slap even just one of my cheeks, but if I did so I would need to go and meet people with a completely red face, right? So, since a long time ago, whenever I want to scold myself, I do this. If it’s just my hand that turns red, I can just make the excuse that I got so angry that I slammed the table!]

Heinkel: [Is that really a good excuse? I mean, it’d be clear that you got angry, but…]

Filóre: [It’s fine! After all, it’s the truth that I got angry! And also, regardless of what anyone tells me, this alone is something I won’t yield on. Going forward as well, I won’t hide Heinkel-sama’s contributions!]

As she firmly thrust her finger out at his face, Heinkel reflexively reeled backward. To close the distance which he had opened, Filóre took a step forward. Heinkel stepped back. She stepped forward. Stepped back. Stepped forward. Driving him up against the wall, she thrust her finger right against his forehead.

Then, as Filóre pressed Heinkel against the wall,

Filóre: [As for why everyone says all these bad things about you, Heinkel-sama, let’s say it’s because your behavior up until this point gives them a reason to do so. I find even that to be extremely frustrating, but I’ll swallow it for now. Even so! I can’t accept the notion that your actions from the past will dull the value of your actions today and tomorrow..]

Heinkel: [Miss Filóre…]

Filóre: [If there are lives that can be saved by your words, then if they didn’t have your words, their lives might not have been saved. If I’m going to be the Monarch, and you’re going to be my one and only Knight, then there are going to be many opportunities for you to be present at such scenes. Hence, in preparation for when such times inevitably come, Heinkel-sama, we must work to restore your honor at once!]

Heinkel: [――――]

Filóre: [And so, Heinkel-sama, I’ll listen to your advice as best I can, but I’ll never follow any comments that say I should just look down upon you, or that I should just hide you in a box, that I should just hurry up and throw away such an alcoholic of a Knight. I hereby declare this.]

Slowly lowering her finger, Filóre brought it down to feel the uniform adorning Heinkel―― his uniform as an official Knight of the Church, which he had been forced to wear given his position as Knight to a Saintess of the Church of the Divine Dragon.

With a base of blue, it was a sacred and sublime article, with the same amount, or an even greater number of layers in comparison to the uniforms of the Royal Guard, filling him with awe; it was an outfit he was fully aware did not suit him in the slightest.

However――,

Filóre: [But eventually, it will be so that when anyone so much as lays eyes upon these clothes, Heinkel-sama will be the first thing that comes to mind. When that time comes, it’ll be fine for you to make full use of the Church’s influence, and put on airs as much as you like.]

Shutting a single eye, Filóre made a clumsy display of amiability.

Harkening her words, Heinkel heaved a long sigh. That all-out, headfirst attitude of hers was something she applied to just about everyone. Of course, Heinkel was no exception.

Heinkel: […If Miss Filóre becomes the Monarch, huh? So, does that mean whenever you help others at the Church, it’s just a calculated act?]

Filóre: [Could you please not say such outrageous things!? You see, this is all an extremely good deal. By giving counsel to the people who come to the Church, they get help with their troubles, and I also build a reputation for doing good things, and it also feels nice for us when we do a good thing… right?]

Heinkel: [Don’t lump me in there as if it’s only natural. I’m…]

Filóre: [But, don’t you think it’s joyous to receive gratitude from others? That’s how it is for me. That’s why, even if the title of Saintess is heavy to shoulder, I quite like the Church.]

Puffing her chest out with a nod, Filóre’s words rendered Heinkel unable to respond.

Whether it was because Filóre had already said what she had wanted to say, or out of consideration for Heinkel, she did not press him for an answer.

Then, the chance for him to voice any answer, was postponed by the sound of the doors to the chapel opening once more.

???: [――Do you have a moment? There are some civilians getting into a fight right outside the Church.]

Filóre: [My, oh dear! We’ll rush there straight away! Heinkel-sama, us too!]

Heinkel: [――. Don’t run. I can’t let you trip and fall, thereby increasing the number of people who’ll need the medicine that’s already short on supply.]

Filóre: [Then, with fast walking!]

As she spoke, she took three large strides towards the person who had called out to them, and from there, as if forgetting about the reason for her fast walking, Filóre broke out into a sprint, causing Heinkel to scratch his head.

Then, clicking his tongue, he hurried to chase after the back of his reckless master.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――You’re a harder worker than I thought you’d be, you know?]

At the time of day when orange beams of the setting sun flowed in through the large clerestory, a voice called out from behind Heinkel while he was glaring at some documents in a room of the church.

When he turned around, the one staring at him from the entrance to the room was a man of slender figure and gentle features―― a clergyman of the Church of the Divine Dragon, and the one charged with acting as Filóre’s bodyguard, Tiga Rauleon.

Before her participation in the Royal Selection, it seemed like he had accompanied Filóre as one of her attendants; upon Heinkel’s appointment as her Knight, the two of them met for the first time, and since then have run into each other quite frequently.

As one would expect, Tiga’s initial impression towards Heinkel was the worst―― no, that was not a matter limited to just Tiga, the same could be said for all the people in Filóre’s vicinity. In reality, the only person who welcomed Heinkel’s appointment as her Knight, was Filóre herself.

Heinkel: [Well, that’s only natural. Anybody would react like that, hell, even me.]

Looking at it objectively, Heinkel’s current position was far beyond his measure.

Even at her best, Filóre was already reckless, and caused unceasing worry to those around her, so placing someone like Heinkel, with all the baggage and infamy that came with him, so close to her, was an act that no person with any level of judgment could possibly accept.

Regardless of Filóre’s own “Dragon’s Roar”, it would have likely been more difficult to find anyone who had actually been convinced of this than those who had not.

Tiga: [――? What’s with the sudden distant look? Did you not hear my snide remark?]

Heinkel: [No, I heard it alright, and I sympathize with you all. Even though it’s probably already hard enough being Miss Filóre’s attendant, being forced to take someone like me along too is, well…]

Tiga: [If you can understand that, I would’ve liked you to have politely turned her down to begin with.]

Heinkel: [Can’t argue with that. That would’ve been the proper answer for an adult, but…]

Cutting his words short there, Heinkel hesitated on whether to finish what he was about to say. But, pressed by Tiga’s gaze for the words that followed, he reluctantly opened his mouth.

The reason he had not refused the hand Filóre had offered him, was as plain as day.

Heinkel: [Well, it’s something like an ignoble obsession, a far cry from any mature judgement.]

If adults were people who could accurately discern where to call things off and end them, knowing when to give up, then Heinkel was a horribly wretched creature who had failed to fully grow into an adult.

But, on the other hand, the adult whom Heinkel had admired more than anybody else in this world was a person who never let go of the sword until the very end of the end, cutting through even impossibility itself while never giving up on the things that he loved.

That was something he had yearned for, something he would never be able to reach, something that not even the tips of his fingers would ever be able to touch upon.

That might have been the genesis of Heinkel’s curse. ――Though even if he were to talk about this, Tiga likely would not be interested in the slightest.

Tiga: [――. I’ve done some digging into your situation. Don’t think ill of me. I don’t want anyone dangerous being by Filóre’s side. Besides, part of it’s already quite the well-known tale.]

However, at the tone imbued into Tiga’s following words, Heinkel raised an eyebrow.

He had lived a long time examining people’s expressions, so he knew the delicate nature that existed in the subtleties of negative emotions filling the likes of contempt, ridicule, pity, and sympathy. That was precisely why it made him want to incline his head.

After all, within Tiga’s voice, there had unmistakably been a hint of concern for Heinkel.

Tiga: [That thing you’ve been scowling at with a glum look for a while, is it Filóre’s itinerary? It’s quite difficult to get that girl to stick to her schedule, isn’t it?]

Paying no mind to his suspicions, Tiga stole a glance at the documents from behind, before making an appropriately insightful comment about Filóre.

In fact, tomorrow’s schedule―― with activities such as making courtesy rounds as a Royal Candidate, and fulfilling her duties as a Saintess of the Church, Filóre’s day to day had a dizzying busyness to it. Even with what was not written down on the itinerary, she would attend the divine service that coincided with sunrise in the morning, and after she finished her prayers, she would voluntarily lend an ear to the people who visit the church in search of counsel.

Heinkel: [And in the end, she’s the type who’ll absolutely never overlook any problem that presents itself to her. If she comes across a stray child by the roadside, or an elderly person facing difficulties carrying something, her plans for later will be doomed.]

Tiga: [Ah, I know what you mean. One time in the past, Filóre went missing, and it turned out that she had gone off to help an elderly person carry something, accompanying them three major streets away, before being treated to tea in their home and coming back.]

Heinkel: […As long as her title is Saintess, it should be fine. Though actually, the moment she gained the title Saintess, doing stuff like that was plenty reckless.]

Now that she had become a Royal Candidate, she could no longer do as she had been until that point.

When one gains an irreplaceable role, it comes with tasks that cannot be delegated. Such was expected of Filóre too, and it went without saying which thing had a greater degree of importance.

It went without saying, but――,

Heinkel: [It’s not like Miss Filóre wants to neglect her duties as a member of the Church either, and on top of that, she also wants to devote herself to being a Royal Candidate… it’s all way too excessive.]

Being made to accompany that enthusiasm, Heinkel had to keep busily running about all over the place.

In place of Filóre, who was always poking her head into everything, he was utterly swamped with work that did not befit a first Knight in the slightest, pondering the best person to assign any given problem that emerges to, in order to best get it solved, rescheduling her delayed plans, making apologies to those who were scheduled to meet with her, and preparing in advance the documents and proposals that she would likely need next.

In fact, ever since he had become Filóre’s Knight, the opportunities for him to draw his sword had numbered zero.

Tiga: [Even so, while Filóre attends service every morning, it seems like you never skip out on practice, huh? Though, I’d made the assumption that you surely wouldn’t be a morning person.]

Heinkel: […You think someone who’s bad at waking up early would ever be fit as a Knight?]

Tiga: [I see, it’s seeming more and more like I’d be ill-suited to it. I’m glad the grand duty of being a Knight didn’t end up falling to me. Either way, I probably wouldn’t be able to deny my lack of strength.]

While adjusting the hat on his head, Tiga analyzed himself in a carefree manner, and Heinkel examined him through the corner of his eye.

Heinkel: [Lack of strength, huh.]

To be honest, Heinkel was unable to agree with Tiga’s comment just now.

To begin with, wearing a curved blade by his waist, Tiga was strong enough to be appointed as Filóre’s bodyguard, and even judging by Heinkel’s eyes, his strength was nothing insignificant. His physique was flexible and well-tempered, and the way he carried himself showed that he also had ample real combat experience; above all, he possessed an outstanding grit that would not be perturbed by anything.

He was neither a swordsman nor a Knight, however, he was a warrior. ――That was Heinkel’s appraisal of him.

Be that as it may――,

Heinkel: [So, how are your wounds?]

Tiga: [Hmmm, I guess I can’t say I’ve fully recovered yet. Still, they’ve gotten quite a bit better, but they were quite deep gashes to begin with… As expected, her alias of Valkyrie isn’t just for show.]

Heinkel: [The one who killed Sir McMahon and fled the scene, Duchess Karsten, huh…?]

Tiga gave his answer while patting the side of his torso through his clothes, causing Heinkel to furrow his brow.

The name he had voiced belonged to none other than the very person responsible for inflicting the deep wound upon Tiga’s flank, who was considered to have lit the fuse on the maelstrom of mayhem enveloping the Royal Capital at the moment.

――Crusch Karsten, also known as the Valkyrie, who at first, had been the front runner to win the Royal Selection. And now, she was wanted for being the leading perpetrator behind the assassination of the central figure of the Council of Wise Men, Miklotov McMahon, her whereabouts under pursuit all throughout the Kingdom.

The incident itself had come as quite the shock, but what he found truly incomprehensible was the fact that Natsuki Subaru, who ought to have been Emilia’s Knight, had also been deemed a wanted fugitive for his complicity in Crusch’s actions.

Furthermore, complicity was not the only charge he was facing, as he had even been placed under the exceedingly unbelievable suspicion of being none other than the Sin Archbishop of Sloth.

Accompanying that, both Emilia, who was suspected of harboring rebellious intentions towards the Royal Castle, and Felt, who was unable to dispel the doubts regarding the falsification of her identity, had been taken into custody at the castle, and the members of both Camps fled the Royal Capital―― at that juncture, gargantuan Witchbeasts had been set loose in the town, and the Sword Saint had been mobilized to bring the situation under control.

All of that had already transpired before Heinkel was brought to the Royal Capital, and even now, those events continued to spread a nightmarish chaos throughout not only the Royal Capital, but throughout the entire Kingdom.

Heinkel: [By now, the stark atmosphere of the Royal Capital will be something that goes down in the Kingdom’s history. On the streets, the Knights and the guards all have an imposing air about them, and the townsfolk have nothing cheerful to talk about, so spend all their time just keeping their heads down.]

Tiga: [For the people who have a choice, leaving the Royal Capital is also possible. But, those who don’t are an overwhelming majority. To be honest, the Church is also the busiest it’s been in years.]

Heinkel: [And, that also strengthens the support for Miss Filóre, huh?]

Tiga: [I’m not fond of that way of thinking. Not just me, but Filóre too.]

As Heinkel threw in a cynical remark, Tiga sharpened his gaze upon him.

It seemed like that was not intended as a joke, and it was something that had seriously displeased him, so Heinkel raised both his hands to demonstrate his capitulation.

But, regardless of Tiga’s feelings, in practice, that was how things were progressing.

The more chaos spread in the Kingdom, the more people’s belief in the Royal Castle would be sprained, with their hearts instead beginning to take to the Church that worshipped the Divine Dragon, which had continued to safeguard the Kingdom with a proven track record.

As a result, that had unmistakably become a tailwind for Filóre, who had gotten a late start.

And, for Heinkel too, with his position as Filóre’s Knight, it was certainly something that ought to inspire deep emotion within him, but――,

Heinkel: [Honored Father…]

Across Heinkel’s mind as he muttered, there flashed the existence of Wilhelm, his biological father whose whereabouts were currently unknown.

Crusch was wanted by the authorities for the crime of Miklotov’s assassination, and Wilhelm, who had served her, was one of the relevant parties who had disappeared from the Royal Capital. It was conceivable that he had reconvened with his master, and was assisting her on the run, but it went without saying that they were at an overwhelming disadvantage.

Of course, if it was the famous Sword Demon, he might very well end up cutting through any adversity with that sword of his. Though it was not as though such dream-like expectations did not reside within Heinkel.

Tiga: [You also have it tough, don’t you, Heinkel-san.]

As though he had sensed Heinkel’s inner heart from his mutter and expression, Tiga shrugged.

Having it tough, that comment was probably right. But, if he were to bring that up, the entire Astrea Family had been fragmented ever since Heinkel had joined Priscilla’s camp.

Heinkel: […My own difficulties aren’t anything important. The only problem is that this might cause trouble for Miss Filóre. My honored father and my son… they’re both fully grown men. It’s only natural that everyone wipes their own ass, right?]

Tiga: [――. At the very least, your father was not present at the scene where I crossed blades with Duchess Karsten. It would be good if it turns out the suspicions against your father are unfounded.]

Tiga spoke those words and patted him on the back in encouragement, and after Heinkel hesitated on how to respond, he half-heartedly returned nothing but a crude “Ahh”.

The comment about Wilhelm not having been present there, it was something he could have figured out even if it had not been expressly stated. If Wilhelm had been there, and Tiga had ended up crossing swords with him, Tiga would no longer exist in this world today.

Besides, there was one other reason why his reply had been so vague. And, that was something he would absolutely never reveal to Tiga.

――After all, it was because within Heinkel, a seedling of indelible distrust towards the Church of the Divine Dragon had begun to sprout.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Within the current Kingdom of Lugunica, the role fulfilled by the Church of the Divine Dragon was a major one.

To begin with, the Kingdom of Lugunica was under the protection of the Divine Dragon Volcanica, and with such stability and protection of the nation promised to them, they had continued to thrive until today.

That alone was enough to naturally fill the majority of the Kingdom’s citizens with feelings of reverence towards the Divine Dragon, so inevitably, it also led to their unconditional faith in the Church of the Divine Dragon.

Heinkel was no exception to that, and that was precisely why when his wife fell into a slumber from which she never awoke, he began making frequent visits to the church, placing his belief in the house of prayer and miracle.

Regrettably, Heinkel’s prayers had borne no fruit, and he had gone on to commit a momentous transgression such that he could no longer bring himself to face the Divine Dragon or its followers. Since then, he had grown distant from the Church, hence why he could not help but scoff at how ill-suited his current position was.

But once he finished deploring that foolishness of his, Heinkel had no choice but to confront it directly. The distrust towards the Church of the Divine Dragon burgeoning within himself―― regarding the existence of Filóre. To be precise, regarding the Church’s intentions in having Filóre participate in the Royal Selection.

Appointed as her Knight, what had become painfully clear to him from observing Filóre at such a close proximity, was that she possessed an innate goodness with no ulterior motives whatsoever, to the point it was somewhat frightening.

In absolutely everything, no matter who stood before her, Filóre would always give her all, and ignoring her concerning sense of judgment when it came to naming Heinkel as her Knight, whenever she was pressed for a decision, rather than panicking, she made her choice on her own responsibility, possessing the ability to take action in order to bring those decisions to fruition.

That was why she was always talking, always laughing, always crying, and always on the move. ――The talent of individual virtue capable of mobilizing one’s surroundings just by speaking one’s desires, that was unmistakably the blood pedigree of the Lugunican Royal Family.

Filóre herself did not have an answer as to whether she was truly the royal princess who had gone missing fifteen years prior or not, and she claimed that she did not desire one, but――

Heinkel: [――There’s no way that there are two princesses.]

Since Heinkel had been intimately familiar with Prince Ford Lugunica―― with the father of the missing princess, and the younger brother to the late King Randohal Lugunica, he had no doubts about that.

Ford did not have twins or triplets, his daughter was unmistakably one person.

And, on the precipice of that night fifteen years ago, that singular individual had vanished from the Royal Castle.

The missing royal princess―― it was impossible that she could be anyone other than Felt or Filóre, who had both risen to the stage as Royal Candidates.

Henceforth, someone was plotting. ――Filóre and Felt, in order to prop up either of the two girls as a survivor of the Royal Family, and use them for some ulterior purpose.

When he thought about it like that, and considered the circumstances leading to Filóre’s participation in the Royal Selection, he had no choice but to bear a strong distrust towards the Church of the Divine Dragon.

However――,

Heinkel: […Just what the hell do I even want to do?]

Pondering the matter to this extent, Heinkel’s thoughts came to a standstill as if in fear.

It was as if he was surrounded by a heavy fog with poor visibility as the sunset was drawing ever close, and yet still chose to do absolutely nothing about it; an exceedingly foolish act.

However, within that dense fog, there existed a light that Heinkel had never stopped yearning for over many long years. If he were to take a step in the wrong direction, he might lose that light to eternity.

For that reason, he could not move. He could not bring himself to move. In fear of making a definitive, fatal mistake.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Ultimately, he remained unable to find an answer, with time being the only thing to flow.

After Heinkel and Filóre had entered into a relationship of master and servant, time simply continued to pass, first a few days, which then turned to weeks, and before long a month had passed.

During that time, the Filóre Camp reestablished the flow of resources which had stagnated due to the Royal Capital’s turmoil, responding to the requests raised by the chapels and treatment centers in many locations, steadily increasing support for her as a Royal Candidate. As for Heinkel, his distrust towards the Church had still yet to be dispelled, however, since it was not as if he could do anything that hindered Filóre, he ended up spending day after day constantly running away from his looming apprehensions, merely focusing all of his attention on dealing with the problems before him.

However, while her activities in the Royal Selection were underway, the two matters that Filóre herself hoped to resolve above all else, had not made even the slightest bit of progress.

Heinkel: […Another one came back, huh?]

In one of the rooms of the church, looking down at the mountain of documents piled up atop the desk, and ascertaining the presence of a sealed letter which he had grown so used to seeing, Heinkel frowned in exasperation.

On the opposite side of that desk littered with papers, the woman who was stifling her yawn while working―― Sakura Element, contrary to her seemingly unmotivated attitude, briskly sorted the documents by sender, and arranged them such that the letters could be easily processed and reviewed.

With her sleepy eyes, and her languid demeanor, she glanced at Heinkel,

Sakura: [Yes, it would appear sooo. As per usual, it’s helpful that their replies are so quick, buuut as for the contents… ahhhh, it looks like they deferred us once agaaain.]

Heinkel: [Deferred, huh? How many times is that now?]

Sakura: [Ummm, the letters we’ve sent to the Royal Castle, both long and short, total forty-seven. The ones we’ve sent to the Church total thirty-two, plus, there are also things like additional materials or appended affidavits, and since Filóre-chan is such a proactive correspondent, it would seem that we’ve long since surpassed one hundred leeetters.]

While sorting letters with a single hand, Sakura skillfully checked her record book on the edge of the desk with her other hand. Fed up by her answer, Heinkel heaved a sigh.

With the persistence to surpass a hundred, Filóre had been sending unsolicited letters to the Royal Castle and the Church almost every day―― the contents were, decidedly, requests for meetings with Emilia and Felt, who were both in custody at the castle, and for them to be granted another hearing. Her other request was for permission to use the sacrament in Filóre’s possession to perform treatment on the victims of the Witch Cult remaining in the Watergate City of Pristella.

Filóre was tenaciously fighting on both fronts, attempting to go through all the official procedures necessary, however――,

Heinkel: [Even with all this, why won’t those guys just nod their heads yes? Setting aside the meetings with Emilia-sama and Miss Felt, there ought to be value in trying to help with Pristella. Or maybe, is there some sort of mistake with our paperwork?]

Sakura: [My myyyy, do you suspect I made an oooversight? In that case, I must be a terrible nuisance, making Filóre-chan waste her efforts on one hundred leeetters.]

Heinkel: [I was just pondering aloud. I don’t doubt you. If you were that incompetent, there’s no way you could’ve gotten a title as important as personal secretary to a Saintess.]

Sakura: [Is that sooo? Though, I think it’s also completely possible for it to be something like riding a parent’s coattails, you knowww? Don’t you think so? Deputy Commander of the Royal Guard Heinkel-chan?]

Heinkel: [――. Don’t attach “-chan” to old men, Sakura-chan.]

Sakura: [I’ll defer your request for nowww, Heinkel-chan.]

Giving a reply with no intention to grant his request, Sakura handed the letter that had been sent by the Royal Castle over to Heinkel. Even if he closed his eyes, the contents on its unfolded page were exactly what he had expected would be written there.

At present, the Council of Wise Men were in the midst of carefully deliberating over the requests, so they wished for them to wait for the time being until a conclusion was reached. ――Pertaining to both the treatment of the two being held in custody, and to the use of the sacrament for Pristella, the wording had merely been shifted slightly, and the ultimate answer remained unchanged.

Heinkel: [They won’t reject us. But they won’t approve us either. Just how long do they plan on keeping this up?]

Sakura: [Who’s to sayyy? That’s something for the high and mighty up in the Royal Castle to decide, aaafter all. The situation is what it is, so isn’t everyone just being extra carefuuul?]

Heinkel: [They’ve gone way past the definition of careful at this point. Miss Filóre is also at her limit, and lately she’s been constantly insisting that her heart is being scraped away.]

Sakura: [That sure sounds like how Filóre-chan would phrase iiit.]

Sakura placed her hand over her mouth and giggled, but unfortunately, Heinkel felt no inclination to laugh in agreement with her. Rather, when he saw Filóre’s increasingly forced liveliness day after day, when it was so obviously painful for her, made him feel depressed in turn.

Heinkel: [If the Castle’s no good, how about the Church? Miss Filóre is a Saintess, isn’t she? Can’t she decide for herself who she uses her own Sacrament on?]

Sakura: [She can’t deciiide. It isn’t something so cheap, aaafter all.]

Asserted so definitively, Heinkel was slightly taken aback.

One by one, Sakura tapped her finger on documents split into three piles on top of the desk, and began, “Listeniiing?”

Sakura: [To begin with, “Saintess” isn’t an official rank within the Church, you knowww? It is a special title bestowed upon adherents who have received the Divine Dragon’s favor particularly strongly. Everyone expresses gratitude to them, and they are seated in front of even the high and mighty at ceremonies, buuut, it’s not like they have a seat or any powerful influence at the Holy Synod where the big shots of the Church gather… that’s just how it iiiis.]

Heinkel: [And despite that, they’re treated publicly as the face of the Church.]

Sakura: [Being a symbol that visibly supports the faith of the people is also an important job of a Saintess, aaafter all. That said, even if you were to try to assign Filóre-chan just the duty of acting as an obedient symbol, it would probably be more difficult than teaching the Dragon’s tail to sit stiiiill.]

He could not help but agree to that, but the explanation that preceded the conclusion did not sit right with him.

After all, in the current situation, when Filóre was not responsible for her duties as a Royal Candidate, she was acting a symbol of the Church of the Divine Dragon in the form of a Saintess―― it was a nasty way of putting it, but he could not see it as anything but an implicit expectation that she must carry out her role as mere decoration to the fullest.

Sakura: [Surprisingly, I believe Filóre-chan would be rather suited to being the Monarch, you knowww? That attitude of yours, Heinkel-chan, is also the result of having been enchanted by Filóre-chan’s caliber as a ruler.]

Sakura, who smiled as she looked through his inner heart in his silence, was a poor matchup for Heinkel.

That competence which did not match her appearance and demeanor, could be sensed in all aspects of her conduct. He found Tiga to be the creme of the crop as a bodyguard of the Church, but in Sakura’s case, far from simply being the creme of the crop as a civil officer dispatched by the Church, it seemed as if she was truly among just a handful of exceptionally competent individuals.

In reality, while it was Filóre’s correspondent pen that had written enough letters to reach a count of one hundred, the one to prepare the documents and everything necessary for that, taking all the proper procedures, had been entirely Sakura, and as a relevant party within the Church of the Divine Dragon, she had her hands reached out to nearly all of its divisions.

Heinkel: [As long as they have you, it seems like the Church would generally be able to function well.]

Sakura: [Why, you’re giving me too much creeedit. Unlike Filóre-chan, I’m really unable to put on the kind of face that would give hope to the maaany. Besides, an organization that would entirely falter on the mistake of a single person would be far too dangerous and wouldn’t be able to cooooperate.]

Heinkel: […I see, that’s pretty modest of you.]

Sakura’s answer, given with a wave of her hand, appeared to be a provocation of sorts against the monarchy.

In order to compensate for such an absence, the Kingdom of Lugunica had the Council of Wise Men, but in the current situation, where even the actions of that Council seemed to have dulled, he had no words to give in response, even as a scrap of a Knight of the Kingdom.

Heinkel: [Though, it’s being said that with the death of Sir McMahon, they’ve been in turmoil…]

It was not as though he had witnessed the Council of Wise Men deliberating up close, but Miklotov had certainly been their central figure who always served as the mediator. But, it was not as though the other capable individuals in the council had no influence or say, and starting with Sir Bordeaux Zergev, who would always burst out into overtly heated debates, there ought to have been a flourishing exchange of opinions and viewpoints.

As a matter of fact, the problems concerning the Royal Capital and Royal Castle did not number just one or two, and even in the absence of Miklotov, they remained capable of swiftly dealing with those just as they had before.

In other words, the only matters being kept in a state of uncertainty were the two cases that Filóre was proactively trying to take part in―― as for what that meant, Heinkel too was none the wiser.

Heinkel: [Is the reason why the Church doesn’t approve Miss Filóre’s use of the Sacrament… because it’s involved with the matter of Duchess Karsten being wanted?]

Sakura: [I guess I can’t deny iiit. As a matter of fact, it’s considered a problem that Filóre-chan used the Sacrament without going through the Holy Synod first, so it seems like they’re debating revoking recognition of her as a Saintess, aaafter all.]

Heinkel: [They can revoke her being a Saintess!?]

Sakura: [As per the rules. I don’t think it’s ever been put into practice, thooough. She made it out safe this time, buuut if it’s already been raised for discussion once, she mustn’t get too comfortable, you knowww?]

Sakura spoke without a care, but once again, Heinkel could not help but be shocked.

Filóre’s independent decision, which had sent great tremors through the Royal Castle, seemed to not only be a considerable deal for the Church of the Divine Dragon too, but was also something that placed even Filóre’s own position in jeopardy.

Thus, after having gone so far as to treat Crusch with the Sacrament, for her to then become a wanted fugitive for perpetrating the assassination of Miklotov, the situation was naught but a headwind for Filóre.

Heinkel: [When something you try to do ends up backfiring, I know that feeling all too well…]

Sakura: [Aren’t you getting rather eaaager? Ahhh, but that’s only natural, isn’t iiit? Filóre-chan’s license to use the Sacrament is a matter of life or death for you too, right, Heinkel-chaaaan?]

Heinkel: [――――]

Sakura: [Or perhaps, is it a result of you getting used to being Filóre-chan’s Knight?]

At the gaze and voice that seemed to be mocking him, Heinkel loudly snorted.

Unfortunately for Sakura, Heinkel had no obligation to answer her sadistic sarcasm. Of course, it was the truth that he wished to verify as soon as possible if the power of Filóre’s Sacrament would be capable of saving his wife―― Louanna.

But――,

Heinkel: [When it comes to the people waiting in Pristella, it’s not ambiguous as to whether it’ll be effective or not, rather, it’s a matter of good results being expected. If the lack of permission is the only thing determining whether they’ll be saved or not, it’s only natural to want it to be approved immediately.]

Sakura: [You’re prioritizing others over yourself? Heinkel-chan, were you always such a good person?]

Heinkel: [That’s not what I said. Even though waiting for something can be a salvation, being kept waiting isn’t anything of the sort.]

Sakura: [――I suppose sooo.]

In their tit for tat, Heinkel voiced his true feelings as if spitting them out, however as Sakura responded to him, the tone of ridicule had vanished from her voice.

He found that dubious, but even when examining her expression and eyes, Heinkel was unable to perceive any such changes that had made him feel that way, so it seemed he was merely overthinking things.

Either way――,

Sakura: [――Shouldn’t we just fulfill our duties in siiiilence? If we do that, I’m sure there will be at least one good thing that comes our wayyyy.]

For someone who was a member of the Church of the Divine Dragon, it felt to Heinkel far too modest a murmur, yet at the same time, one that was terribly sincere.

△▼△▼△▼△

Filóre: [――I’ve decided! If even writing one hundred letters isn’t going to cut it, I’m going to personally deliver the one hundred and first letter! If I make sure to look them in the eye as I make my request, it’ll surely be difficult for them to refuse!]

And, at the words of Filóre, spoken with a face as if she had received some divine revelation from the Dragon, her Knight, bodyguard, and secretary were each forced to accompany her to the Royal Castle.

Working herself up and believing this time would surely be the one, Filóre’s attitude was something to be esteemed, but――,

Filóre: [――I just don’t get it!!]

The moment she stepped out of the reception and into the chalky white corridor, Filóre raised her voice as if to say her patience had reached its limit.

Hearing her indignant voice echo throughout the hall of Royal Castle, the civil officers and employees passing by looked at her in surprise. And cognizant of them all, Tiga placed his index finger to his lips,

Tiga: [Filóre, you’ll stand out too much if you start shouting in a place like this. If your words just now reached the ears of the higher ups, you won’t be turned away at the reception next time, but at the very entrance hall.]

Filóre: [I mean, how can they treat us like this!? Even though we told them we’d prepare everything necessary if they could just tell us what was insufficient, it’s always “this is still under consideration”, “that is on hold”, or “that remains up in the air” for everything…! Just what in the world are we supposed to do!]

Sakura: [I guess there isn’t anything that particularly needs to be added or fiiiixed.]

Filóre: [In that case, they ought to just let us through!]

Heinkel: [――From the beginning, they never had any intention of listening.]

Angrily voicing her complaints, Filóre turned around at Heinkel’s words. Tears were welling up in her ruby eyes, but Heinkel did not have a handkerchief on hand to wipe them.

In place of that handkerchief, he gave her the answer she desired without carefully choosing his words.

Heinkel: [The reason we’re being stopped is neither a deficiency in our documents, nor a failure to meet some conditions. Miss Filóre, the thing they want is for you to give up, and to stop bringing this discussion up to them.]

Filóre: [That sort of thing, that sort of thing is strange! Who would even think something like that?]

Heinkel: [Yeah, that’s what I think is the problem too.]

Filóre appeared as if she was throwing a tantrum, but given that she had already done everything she possibly could have before throwing a tantrum, there was naught else she was allowed to do beyond throwing a tantrum.

As a matter of fact, the question that Filóre currently harbored was something that Heinkel had also been unable to find an answer for, and the inexplicability of it all had only continued to increase over this month and a half.

Heinkel: […You’d think that the stage was being set way too conveniently.]

In all honesty, excluding the fact that Filóre’s entrance was delayed in the Royal Selection, everything else felt like it had been thoroughly set up by the Church of the Divine Dragon.

However, upon opening the lid on that, while it was certainly Filóre’s own actions and virtue that had been steadily increasing support for her within the tumultuous Royal Capital, when it came to the visit to the Watergate City that would definitively solidify her support base―― it was none other than the higher echelon at the Church, the Holy Synod, that would not grant her permission.

If they truly wanted to make Filóre the Monarch, then it was a measure they undoubtedly ought to take.

Despite that, rather than supporting this path, the Church of the Divine Dragon maintained a position that seemed to obstruct it, and the movements of the Council of Wise Men did not side with Filóre either.

Having come to this, the distrust Heinkel harbored toward the Church had begun to intensify in a form that differed to what it had been initially.

Merely, even if his distrust toward the Church intensified in new ways, there were also aspects that remained unchanged. ――It was the fact that Filóre was an immature child who needed an adult to take her side.

Tiga: [Filóre, I understand your feelings, but let’s return for now.]

Urged on by Tiga’s gentle voice, Filóre withdrew in frustration and began walking.

The staff of the Royal Castle who passed them on the way to the entrance all halted their steps upon seeing Filóre, and performed courteous bows.

As a Royal Candidate, and as a Saintess, there was no falsehood in the sentiments of reverence directed her way.

Even so, it was an irony that not a single one of her requests was approved.

Then, carrying forward an oppressive silence as they turned the corner of the corridor――,

Heinkel: [――――]

Grasping the figure of the person walking in their direction, Heinkel reflexively swallowed his breath.

Heinkel: [――Reinhard.]

Before he could even think, the breath he had swallowed spilled out with the sound of that name.

Clad in the white uniform of the Knights, the red haired youth with the Dragon Sword at his waist―― Reinhard van Astrea, trained his gaze straight upon the one who had called out his name.

Naturally, their mutual blue eyes, representative of their blood relation, crossed gazes.

Reinhard: [It has been quite some time, Father.]

Heinkel: […Yeah.]

Even he cursed how pathetic of a reply that had been.

He had been caught completely off guard. Preoccupied with the things on his mind, the unforeseen nature of the encounter rendered him unable to immediately whip out the nasty remarks and verbal abuse he otherwise ought to have had prepared.

Ultimately, unable to settle on any words other than that moronic answer, a silence fell between the father and son.

Reinhard: [――――]

To Reinhard’s rear, he was being accompanied by two individuals clad in the white uniforms of the Guard. At a glance, one might say they were subordinates accompanying the Sword Saint for his duties.

But, rather than on their surroundings, the gazes of the two were unceasingly concentrated on Reinhard’s every action.

Above all, Heinkel had no recognition of the faces of those Knights. ――At the very least, they were Knights of unclear origin, whom Heinkel did not know.

For what reason were these Knights accompanying Reinhard――,

Filóre: [――! Reinhard! Perfect timing! I had wanted to talk to you!]

Trampling straight onto the murky atmosphere between father and son, Filóre rushed over to Reinhard. The Knights behind him poised themselves in response, but Reinhard reined them in by raising a single hand.

Reinhard: [Filóre-sama. Looks like you are paying a visit to the Royal Castle today.]

Filóre: [Yes. I came to talk about Emilia, Felt, and the matter with Pristella. But, more importantly than what I have to say right now, I want to hear from you.]

Reinhard: [From me, is it?]

Filóre: [Yes, that’s right. How’s Felt? You must be meeting her every now and then, right?]

Reinhard: [――――]

As she closed the distance on him without any restraint, Reinhard silently held his breath.

Eventually, Reinhard gave a slow shake of his head, pronouncing “No”.

Filóre: [Umm? That’s… do you mean you’ve yet to see her today?]

Reinhard: [That is not the case. Rather, I have not seen Felt-sama since she was brought into the Royal Castle.]

Filóre: [Since Felt was brought to the castle… not even once!? Even though it’s already been over a month!?]

Filóre’s voice jumped, and both of the Knights to the rear stiffened their shoulders in unison. However, Reinhard simply nodded in silence at Filóre’s response.

But, it was only natural for Filóre to be shocked. This was a completely different dimension compared to Filóre not being given approval to meet Emilia and Felt.

Filóre: [You’re Felt’s Knight, aren’t you? For you to not be able to see Felt, that’s really strange. Don’t you think so?]

Reinhard: [Visitation is forbidden, so it cannot be helped.]

Filóre: [B-but, you want to see her, don’t you? You surely want to speak with her.]

Reinhard: [I am the sword of the Kingdom. Given that I have orders from the Royal Castle, I have a duty to comply with them.]

Filóre: [But you aren’t just the sword of the Kingdom, you’re Felt’s sword too!]

That was――,

Reinhard: [――I am the sword of the Kingdom, Filóre-sama.]

After doing one lap around, the conversation returned to the initial response.

It was not as though Filóre’s words had been insufficient. Neither was it that Reinhard did not understand what she was trying to say.

No matter what he was told, no matter what he felt, Reinhard would never change that answer.

It could not be changed, was perhaps a more accurate way of putting it.

Filóre: [Do you really believe that Felt deceived the Kingdom?]

Reinhard: [No.]

That too had been an instant response, one bereft of any hesitation.

Eyes flickering, before Filóre could ask “So then, why?” in response, Reinhard went on.

Reinhard: [My belief in Felt-sama, and my ability to prove her innocence, are different matters. If I were to renege on my orders, it would only deepen the doubt cast upon Felt-sama, worsening her position even further.]

Filóre: [So, you’re only able to do what you’re told?]

Reinhard: [――――]

At that question, Reinhard chose neither affirmation nor denial.

However, the very fact that he chose neither of the two options, demonstrated precisely where he stood.

Heinkel: [――――]

Heinkel turned his gaze to the two Knights standing behind Reinhard.

It was obvious that they were not Reinhard’s allies. In that case, their job was probably to keep an eye on Reinhard, but what a meaningless precaution.

If Reinhard felt so inclined, the likes of them would be defeated within an instant, then before anyone could even notice, he would vanish from sight and arrive at Felt’s side with nobody in the Royal Castle capable of stopping him.

But, Reinhard would not do that. He could not.

So long as he remained the Sword Saint, that was――.

Filóre: [In that case, at least tell this to Felt.]

In Reinhard’s lapse of silence, Filóre clenched her fist tight, and declared.

Filóre: [I believe in Felt. I believe in Emilia too. Outside of the Royal Castle, there are people who don’t believe the two of them would ever do something like betraying the Kingdom. Please tell her that.]

Reinhard: […Thank you very much.]

Filóre: [It’s fine if it’s a letter too. I’ll even write it myself.]

Reinhard: [However, I cannot promise it. I am also forbidden from delivering words or items to Felt-sama.]

Filóre: [That’s…!]

Reinhard: [Forgive me. I must attend to my next duty.]

Harkening that utterly heartbreaking reply, Filóre’s shapely face twisted out of shape.

However, without folding to Filóre’s reaction, Reinhard left her with a bow, and began moving past them.

Just before his shoulder passed by Heinkel’s, his legs suddenly halted.

Reinhard: [Father, I heard that you have become Filóre-sama’s Knight.]

Heinkel: […Yeah, seems like it. If you got any complaints…]

Reinhard: [――Congratulations.]

Lauded so before he could prattle off any foul language, Heinkel’s words got stuck in his throat.

At a distance where their shoulders were almost touching, Reinhard’s gaze was trained squarely on Heinkel as they faced each other. ――With the face of his son before his eyes, the son who, before he could realize, had caught up to him in height, Heinkel averted his eyes, unable to bear it.

Heinkel: […Whether it’s to be celebrated or not, you couldn’t know.]

Reinhard: [Even so, I am glad that you were chosen, Father.]

Heinkel: [――――]

Hearing those words, Heinkel could not say anything back.

It was not a snide remark, nor irony. From the bottom of his heart, Reinhard was celebrating the fact that someone had chosen his father, who had fallen so low, to be their Knight.

Did he not remember what sort of horrible vilification Heinkel had hurled at him in Pristella?

Had he forgotten that in the same city, Heinkel had turned a blade against his very lady?

Or, perhaps, were even those such trivial matters that they left no scar upon Reinhard’s heart?

Performing a small bow, Reinhard proceeded down the white corridor, the two Knights accompanying him.

Filóre continued to watch over his back in frustration. But Heinkel, unlike Filóre, could not even bring himself to glare at the back of his son, fading into the distance.

△▼△▼△▼△

Tiga: [――Filóre, your remarks towards Reinhard were quite careless.]

Upon returning to the cathedral of the Church of the Divine Dragon, Tiga closed the door to the reception room, and turned back to face Filóre with a stern face.

On the way back from the Royal Castle, silence had reigned over the interior of the dragon carriage, but internally, he must have been contemplating how he ought to scold her.

Tiga: [You might have had the intention of choosing your words carefully, but there were Knights and other servants of the castle back there. If word of it reaches the Council of Wise Men, Filóre, even you will be considered defiant to the Royal Castle.]

Filóre: [It’s best to let them think that. I’m seriously feeling defiant, after all.]

Tiga: [Don’t say those sorta things. I’m telling you that if you also get banned from meetings and visits to the castle, you’ll truly lose your ability to do anything.]

Filóre: [I know.]

Tiga: [If you know, then you shouldn’t be doing such――]

Filóre: [I GET IT!]

Filóre vehemently cut off Tiga’s words.

The menacing air she radiated caused Tiga’s breath to catch, and Sakura also cast her eyes down. Seeing their reactions, Filóre let out a hoarse “I’m sorry”,

Filóre: [I know… I’m sorry. But, it’s because I know that it makes me so excessively angry. If I don’t follow what the people up in the Royal Castle decide, they’ll stop treating me as a Royal Candidate. And if they stop treating me as a Royal Candidate, I won’t be able to save Emilia and Felt. That’s why, I have no choice but to just sit here and wait as I’m told.]

Tiga: [Filóre…]

Filóre: [I’m sorry. I’m well aware that the two of you are only saying all this for my sake.]

Tiga: [――Ahh.]

Filóre: [Let me speak alone with Heinkel-sama for a bit.]

Hearing her request, Tiga returned a hesitant nod.

Sakura exited the room first, and Tiga followed after. The door was shut, thus leaving Filóre and Heinkel as the only two in the room.

Heinkel: [――――]

Atop the desk, a month’s worth of return letters from the Royal Castle were lined up.

Filóre turned her eyes to each and every letter, and eventually, breathed a silent exhale.

Filóre: [Heinkel-sama.]

Heinkel: [What is it?]

Even if it was Filóre, things were likely taking a considerable toll on her.

Her desperate plea remained undelivered, and it could neither be said that her voice had successfully reached Reinhard. Even if she was a girl who proactively attempted any problem that came her way, it was only natural to grow exhausted after such a lack of results.

After his unforeseen encounter with Reinhard, and the word of congratulations he could have never anticipated, Heinkel was also facing extreme mental exhaustion.

Still, with as much mettle as he could muster, he readied himself to try and receive Filóre’s words.

Then, leaning her back against the closed door, Filóre informed Heinkel of a matter she wished to keep hidden from the ears of the departed Tiga and Sakura.

That was――,

Filóre: [――How could we pull off a successful breakout from the castle?]

--- Azamuku Supplement ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Hello, it has been quite a while since the last activity report.

The last time was just about 2019, so about 5 years?

Only two seasons of the Re:Zero anime had been unveiled, and in the next activity report it is already “Thank you for Season 3” and “Season 4 is in the works!” It might seem strange to say this, but it is all thanks to everyone’s support.

I mean, based on the stage of the last activity report, I was quite worried I may not have yet started writing Arc 7.

Such an IF route, that diverges from Arc 7, was this time’s Deceiving Life in Another World From Zero .

When it comes to April Fool’s Day updates, I often cannot decide what to write each time until the last minute, but this time I felt it would be a waste not to to tell this story this year, the year the Empire Arc concluded, and so despite all the many chaotic things going on, I somehow managed to finish on time!

Somewhat surprisingly, this was an IF route where the protagonist does not fall into darkness, but as you might guess given his mentality after Arc 6, it would be difficult for him to fall to darkness now, so I think there might not be many more derivational IFs without something exceptional. I can’t say! Since I might end up writing one if I get an idea!

In any case, as is established practice with IF routes, this activity report will cover context that could not be included within the story, so-called superfluous information, thus it will contain spoilers from the get-go, so those who have yet to read the story, please read it first!

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

(The following contains spoilers!!)

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

■ Natsuki Subaru (Natsumi Schwartz)

・Having not joined the forces of evil this year, he’s a protagonist that appears to have spent his  time comparatively peacefully, did he not? Nonetheless, in the end he was deceived and the bomb was made to detonate, so with the wounds after what was written, confronting and building a relationship with Abel will be rather challenging.

・After Arc 6, he was sent flying to Vollachia from the Pleiades Watchtower due to the clash between the Witch of Envy and Volcanica, and this starting point differs from the main story: the Imperial Capital Lupugana. After suddenly seeming to be trespassing upon the grounds of the castle there, his greatest desire was realized and the awoken Rem did not recognize Subaru. With the stench of the miasma, she was hostile towards him, and with Louis being there too, she had the worst impression; quite a chaotic start. For the time being, realizing he was being pursued, Subaru volunteered himself to act as a decoy so that Rem and Louis could escape, but at this time, a lot of the Empire’s main forces were gathered in the Imperial Capital, so no matter where he went it was only horrific experiences―― and as usual, from that, he seized a glimmer of hope.

・Furthermore, in each IF route, the appearance of the protagonist varies subtly from the main story, but this time, under the pretext of hiding the fact that he is from the Kingdom of Lugunica from those around him, he is almost always crossdressing. After being driven from his throne, a fiancée he has no memory of materializes, and doing whatever she pleases, contributes greatly to Abel’s headache. Due to the scope of his position, Subaru was able to rotate through all sorts of outfits each day.

・As for his relationship with Chisha Gold, whom he never met in the main story, since Abel was able to function as the Emperor with that sort of personality, it goes without saying that his assistant Chisha was abnormally suitable as a supporter, which is proof that he could get along well with Subaru too. In the original route, he was in a position where he had no leeway to do so, and he was continuously in the middle of a quite tense balancing act, but in this case, he got along well with the main Imperial faction from the start, including the Nine Divine Generals, showing he has grown quite a bit as a person, having come to terms with his life in another world.

・Despite her status as a hostage, he had better mental composure at being able to leave Rem in a safe place, and as a result of the frequency of Rem’s doubts of “Why are you going so far?” being much less frequent, the “You’re not a hero” incident did not occur, and the friction with Rem, who lacked her Memories, was somewhat lessened and compromises could be made. Still, he would drive Louis away.

・As always, he exhibited his crossdressing power, made Kafma think, “Just who exactly is this Lady Natumi Schwartz who appeared as a replacement for Natsuki Subaru-dono?”, caused Cecilus to call him Ma’am instead of Boss, and whilst enjoying his life in the Empire thought maybe it would be fine to bring Chisha, who had angered the Emperor so, to Lugunica. However, in the end, he was deceived by his accomplice Chisha, who accomplished his goal. He selfishly decided to take on half the weight of the baton Chisha had entrusted to Abel, and it converged back to the main story of Arc 8―― and at that point, the curtains lowered upon our story.

・From this route, without having built a relationship with Abel, having yet to meet up with the Emilia Camp, and the absences of all sorts of named characters, makes it very likely this Arc 8 would be far more harsh, but naturally I will not be depicting such an IF next year.

■ Rem & Louis (Spica)

・The moment she woke up, a stinking man she did not know proclaimed “I’m your hero”, then in that period of chaos, she was chased by an absurdly terrifying pursuer, put in house arrest as a hostage, and the stinking man who came by often was treated with astounding respect, truly, she was a heroine blown around by fate like fallen leaves at the mercy of the wind.

・At the start, Subaru’s favorability was just as low as in the original story, but since Berstetz had properly informed her about Subaru sacrificing himself in order to save Rem, she was aware that she had become a burden for Subaru, and as a result, the truth was that compared to the original story, the improvement in his initial favorability was faster. Since she was forced to mostly spend her time at the mansion in the Imperial Capital, Subaru did not seem to be casually jumping into life-or-death situations and coming close to death, which was better conditions for Rem, who hates self-sacrifice. However, because they were not given the time to cultivate a bond, Louis and Subaru’s relationship was in a poor shape, and due to that, she harbored endless displeasure towards that attitude of Subaru’s towards Louis.

・In the time she spent at the mansion, she recalled how to use healing magic, and contributed to the recovery of Kafma, who was sidelined due to his injuries. Feeling indebted to her, the militaristic man thanked her with a “Long live Miss Rem!”, and she successfully earned the endorsement and tremendous support of the man practically guaranteed to become the next General First-Class.

・Furthermore, in her life at the mansion, she succeeded in forming a bond with Madelyn, the sullen dragon-girl. In the original story, she snuck her way into Priscilla’s heart, and perfectly exhibiting her innate suitability as a supporter, she managed to acquire a bone flute from that dragon that would entrust her with a flying dragon. It is likely that in this route’s Arc 8, she would raise her voice for the sake of Madelyn, who suffers due to the existence of her loved one, and would help coax out her true feelings and allow her to move forward.

・In addition, she would also meet and become friends with Katya, living in the Imperial Capital, in this route as well.

・On the other hand, regarding Louis, she is still very attached to Rem in this route, and her reaction to Subaru when he comes to see them is similar, however, compared to the original story, he was colder to her, and there was no further progress. Even embarking into Arc 8, it seems unlikely that the name change event will occur.

・While some bonds were forged through the cruelty of the original route, other sentiments could have been cultivated in a more gentle manner. Thus, debating which route would be better for them seems to be nothing but tactless.

■ Berstetz & Ubilk & Kafma

・The main members of the Empire outside of the Nine Divine Generals.

・Berstetz’s objective is rooted in his distrust of Vincent, who was damaging the ways of the Vollachian Empire by not properly producing any heirs. Yet, in this route, Rem was recognized as Subaru’s partner, so there were no attempts at setting up a forced marriage. On the other hand, the reason he kept Madelyn close at hand was because she was an easily managed pawn, and at the same time, also a very likely candidate for Vincent’s partner, so in that sense, that old man is truly a Sword Wolf of Vollachia. Surprisingly, Louis really took to him, and he may have felt such a feeling was not too bad.

・Ubilk acts as counsel in crucial moments as a Stargazer, but thanks to his accomplishments as a Stargazer in the past, when Subaru was treated as a Stargazer of Lugunica, everyone had a rather agreeable mood, like “Ahh, sure sure.” Therefore, Subaru did not seem to realize it, but he might be his hidden benefactor. Since Subaru acted as a substitute where he had originally come along, it seems like he was living a life of leisure.

・Kafma, the epitome of a serious Imperial soldier, could not solve the equation of Subaru=Schwartz, and seemingly perceived Subaru and Natsumi as different individuals. At Chaosflame, he sustained life-threatening injuries and though he withdrew from the front lines, he was able to return due to Rem’s healing magic. He considered himself to be greatly indebted to her and supported her fervently. If anything unpleasant were to happen to her in her job as a healer, he would directly confront the source of it, persistently saying, “I would like you to explain what fault lies with my savior.”

■ Nine Divine Generals

・Since the initial faction Subaru belonged to changed, naturally the following attitudes of everyone changed drastically as well. At the time of Arc 7 of the original story, the Nine Divine Generals were mostly enemies, but in this route many of them were allies from the early stages, which made it a rather easy route. Because he did not oppose Old Man Olbart, Subaru’s number of deaths were likely an order of magnitude lower. Damn terrifyin’, that old man.

・As a result of being deployed to Guaral just like in the main story, Arakiya, who made contact in the earliest stages of the story, became a casualty (a traitor!), and unlike in the main story, there was no event where she was freed from captivity, thus after twists and turns she switched sides.

・It was predetermined that Olbart would lose an arm in Chaosflame and Groovy was absent due to being deployed to the west of the Empire as part of Chisha’s schemes like in the main story. Goz was imprisoned, but in this regard, it was somewhat better than the main story due to Subaru being able to take into consideration his circumstances. Subaru, in his villainess persona, might have occasionally made an appearance and thrown him something to improve his nutrition. There are suspicions that Moguro got along well with Miss Natsumi, given how she casually called him “Mogurocchi”, but what are everyone’s impressions?

・And yet, since they were unable to win over Yorna-san of Chaosflame in this route, the Demon City maintained a policy of independence, aligning with neither the Emperor’s side nor the rebel’s side. Thus, even after arriving at Arc 8, Iris and the King of Thorns would not reunite, and in this aspect, it is evident that it ends in tragedy compared to the main story.

・As discussed in Rem’s section, the bond between Madelyn and Rem had clearly grown, and thus despite suffering from Balleroy’s existence after the Great Disaster, in the end she would listen to Rem’s words and manage to achieve a proper farewell. In that case, Rem might have realized a position like Friend of Mezoreia, which might have been satisfying in its own way.

・Altogether, even though the positions and roles of the Nine Divine Generals change, they seem to be strong individuals whose ultimate survival rates and conditions remain unchanged. However, if the story rushes forth into Arc 8 as it currently stands, all the conditions that relate to the survival of those like Goz, Olbart, Groovy, or Moguro no longer exist, thus there might be a high probability that around half of them are replaced.

■ Cecilus Segmunt

・Despite the starting point having changed from the main story, due to already having been infantilized by Chisha by that starting point, our Ceci was banished to the Gladiator Island to get him out of the way. The truth regarding Cecilus becoming small is that Chisha’s method of shrinking Cecilus was wearing the Mask of the Vicious.

・Picking up Subaru, who washed up upon the Gladiator Island, and having his heart tremble with the premonition that a story was beginning―― unlike the main story, which flowed in such a manner, it starts with Natsumi and Chisha coming to take him away, and with his usual story-focused brain, he perplexes them with theories of narrative like “It wouldn’t be very refined to suddenly join them, so I should refuse them a few times!” That being said, for the person in question, aside from such theories of narrative, he also had his intuitive sense of aesthetics, and that ultimately helped him build relationships with Subaru and Chisha, and thus as one might expect, there is beauty in everything a leading actor does. In addition, in the main story, he called Subaru “Boss”, but due to Subaru never removing his disguise as a woman in front of Cecilus in this route, he was called “Ma’am”.

・The scene where they fight together with Chisha’s trump card of Mask of the Lightning was something I could not find the timing to do in the main story, so I was especially moved to be able to do so here. For the young Cecilus, being able to see his future, perfected self was a huge prize, but since Chisha’s Noh is limited to only reproducing about eighty percent of the original abilities, the boastings of Cecilus, who held impressions like, “I’m gonna be much better in the future!” were actually correct.

・For Chisha, who had intended to announce their parting face-to-face already once before, this route in which he had a reunion and second parting must have been pretty awkward. However, for Chisha, who was probably feeling anxious about whether he could see it through to the end, having that final word was also salvation. Being able to put that second parting into words there could probably be said to be the influence of Subaru, and thus the second parting of those two in this story was truly “Perfect!”

・Incidentally, during the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, Arakiya was entrusted to him as his opponent, and it seems he successfully engaged in a battle that destroyed not one, but two of the points of the star, as the fiercest battleground of the decisive battle.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

(The following were significantly changed with the absence of Subaru, so viewer discretion is advised.)

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

■ The People of Shudraq

・Utakata was left behind and wiped out.

■ O’Connell Siblings

・Flop died in the conquest of the Fortress City of Guaral, where poison was used.

・Due to the same poison, Medium wandered between life and death, but with to the effect of her Divine Protection of Morale, she encouraged herself that she could not die until she had gotten revenge for her brother, and lived. However, she was tricked into thinking that the ones who had used the poison were the Imperial Army, and joined the rebels, weeping as she participated in the vanguard hunting down Imperial soldiers.

■ Zikr Osman

・He was killed in the battle for the Fortress City of Guaral and his head was displayed as that of a defeated General.

■ Tanza

・Just as in the main story, the plan she devised to protect Yorna backfired, and her loyalty was viewed as dangerous by a certain werewolf, who disposed of her. As a result, Yorna, who led Chaosflame, fell into a state where she was independent of both Abel and Chisha, and that girl’s desire for Yorna to not participate in the war was realized, at the cost of her life.

■ Pleiades Battalion

・Was not formed.

・As a consequence of Subaru not participating in the Sparka, Hiain, Weitz, and Idra did not come to understand each other and fell to the Guiltylaw’s claws, and were annihilated.

・Since Natsumi and Chisha’s purpose in visiting the Gladiator Island was to retrieve Cecilus, the other gladiators remained there, and Gustav, as the governor, protected His Excellency the Emperor’s life and their Sparka continued.

■ Bandana Bastard and Twin Sword Wielder

・It need not be said that these were Todd Fang and Jamal Aurélie.

・In this route, instead of Abel running into Subaru, he lured the two of them, camping near the forest of the Shudraq, into becoming his allies.

・The Lifeblood Ritual is a matter of whether one can clear the greatest tribulation facing the Shudraq at the time, and with the absence of Subaru, the Witchbeast Elgina did not appear, so the Lifeblood Ritual bestowed upon Abel became repelling the camp where Todd and the others were.

・The two of them were captured during the battle there, and as soon as Jamal figured out Abel’s identity, he immediately surrendered, and Todd, who intended to bide his time and wait for an opportunity to escape, promised to help upon the condition that Abel would repeal the decree to exterminate the wolfpeople and molepeople to the last, after Abel figured out his nature as a werewolf―― all the while completely intending to snatch Katya and escape somewhere.

・With Abel desiring to return to the throne by the shortest path possible, since he had good compatibility in the worst sense with Todd’s rationalism that ignores all emotion, the results included the use of poison in taking Guaral, murdering Tanza in Chaosflame, and afterwards the utilization of guerilla warfare and continuing to inflict disgusting violence. Furthermore, after they captured Arakiya when she was deployed to Guaral, he recommended making good use of her, and took her in, and just like in the main story, they formed a one-sided relationship that Arakiya found not entirely uncomfortable.

・Ultimately, it seems that the future of Jamal becoming Abel’s bodyguard did not change, and it is very likely Todd managed to escape with Katya in the turmoil of the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital, and probably would not appear in Arc 8.

■ Vincent Vollachia (Abel)

・Unlike the original story, he resolutely survived the Lifeblood Ritual, the Fortress City of Guaral, and the Demon City of Chaosflame without the help of Natsuki Subaru, as the unyielding and unassailable Wise Emperor we all know.

・Since he was forced to take more cold-blooded measures than in the main story with Subaru not present, the road back to the throne was drenched in much blood, and the increase in his own psychological burden was immense. And yet, for the citizens of the Empire, this was exactly the way of the Empire, and so they cheered and applauded him like roaring thunder. The Empire is truly terrible.

・Despite numerous sacrifices, such as the Shudrak for starters, Chisha attained his long-cherished desire upon the throne he had finally managed to reach, dealing a serious blow. Furthermore, a fianc é e he did not know showed up saying things like “Stand up for Chisha’s sake!”, to which “What the hell would you know about Chisha!” would lead to an expected development where spittle flies between them.

・After temporarily withdrawing from the capital, a relationship of cooperation should be forged with Subaru just like in the main story. However, since there is nothing other than Chisha binding them together, their relationship is like that of friends of a friend with their treasured mutual friend no longer there. While it seems like they could forge a decently respectable bond, on the other hand, it seems like it would take quite a while for their relationship to become as solid as it was in the main story, and with the muddled state of Arc 8, it seems like it would be quite difficult.

・In my own selfish imagination, after the war, even though he would accept Medium, who contributed greatly to his cause as a demon of vengeance, as one of his consorts like in the main story, she would come to know of the truth about Guaral somehow, and I very much fear she may stab him in an incident like that of Delita and Ovelia. The king does not understand the human heart… [1]

■ Emilia Camp & Priscilla Camp

・Just as in the main story, Emilia, Priscilla and the others managed to enter Vollachia, and were roughly following the same developments. However, due to Subaru’s absence, Al did not accompany the Chaosflame team, and greatly contributed to responding to Madelyn’s attack on Guaral and reducing the damage, primarily around Priscilla.

・Additionally, in this route, Abel’s principles and Emilia’s principles definitely did not mesh well, and thus, with the Emilia Camp not joining Abel and the others, they did not participate in the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital. With the name of “Natsumi Schwartz” reaching the ears of Emilia and the others, Ram, Roswaal, and Otto, who properly understood it as message from Subaru, proposed during their meeting that they should try to get in contact with Subaru, who was apparently there, in the chaos of the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital. To that end, I believe Emilia and the others would finally join the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital, in a similar way to the participation of the Pleiades Battalion in the original story. Incidentally, in this Arc 8, it seems like Subaru would be able to actually witness the reunion between the sisters of Rem and Ram, and I imagine tears would flow like the Great Waterfall.

・In addition, as for the conclusion she would face at the end of Arc 8, it appears it would mirror the same essence and shape of the Azamuku route, that actions with strong conviction and motivation will not be permitted to be altered, even by a power that overthrows fate.

■ Chisha Gold

・Having possessed a golden soul, he was a great liar who deceived even fate. He was the Azamuku route’s protagonist, as well as the scenario’s heroine.

・I must confess, as the author, that I began to write the story this time with the intent of Chisha surviving and Abel dying. However, no matter how hard I tried, Chisha would not let me deviate from his plans. I would not go so far as to say he deceived even me, the author, but he is a character that I have no choice but to admit forced even the author himself to collaborate in his deception, creating this story.

・Since I’ve said pretty much all I want to say on his thoughts and actions in the main story and this IF, I do not have much more to add here. If I had to say something, it would be that the words Chisha could not say on the eve of the decisive battle were the message for Abel that Chisha entrusted to Flop in the main story. However, if he had imparted it to Subaru in that place, he was in danger of leaking his schemes to Subaru, and since he had already decided to have Subaru escape to the Kingdom before the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital at that point, there was no point in telling him that. Additionally, the bond between him and Subaru was, in the beginning, based upon the expectation that he could use his ability as a Stargazer and that he would become an essential asset for Abel in repelling the Great Disaster. However, by the eve of the decisive battle, it had changed significantly. For Chisha, who had decided to have but one master and one friend, this bond did not fit either, but he thought it to be in a unique position that was something close to those.

・As briefly mentioned in Cecilus’s sections, Noh is a copying ability able to reproduce around eighty percent of the abilities of another who has been traced as a “mask”. It is a broken ability that exhibits its true strength in much the same way as shown in the IF route. Despite saying things such as “I lack much fighting strength myself,” when he shows his trump card, he will mercilessly turn into Cecilus. In addition, in spite of it being a trump card, Cecilus will allow him to touch his face if he asks, so it is pretty much a trump card that he can use endlessly. In fact, there is a possibility that some of Cecilus’s valorous acts were actually the deeds of Chisha secretly in the form of Cecilus, but if Cecilus were to be asked about them, he would comment “Did I do that? I feel like I did! I did do that!” and thus no one finds it strange. To begin with, Cecilus’s heroic achievements are pretty buggy, so this addition is really only a rounding error.

・In any case, as a writer who loves visual novels, I am completely satisfied in being able to write something like a simple alternative route, very different from other IF routes thus far. As the author, I also enjoy thinking about what kinds of relationships might be built with Subaru, so I am also very pleased with that.

・In the end, both in the main story and in the IF, Chisha Gold, seeing through to the end what he had decided to do, was undoubtedly a man worthy of the title of Sword Wolf of the Empire――.

And that is about it for what I wanted to say about the Azamuku route!

There are many differences between the main story and Azamuku, but due to the reduced number of named characters, it is to be expected that the damage would be greater. I do not believe either one to be particularly easy though!

Well then, thank you for this year’s April Fool’s Day!

Please continue supporting Re:Zero! See you soon!

Translation Note:

[1] – This is a reference to Final Fantasy Tactics, and since it involves heavy spoilers for the game, I will not explain it here. Look up the wiki if you want to.

--- Azamuku IF – Re: Deceiving Life in Another World From Zero ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Art Sources:

This translation is dedicated to Erifuru , a translator and friend who will be deeply missed.

This is a just barely in-time update for the annual April Fool’s Day project!

The story this time is part of the IF Story series that have been released up till now, but it is a slightly different type of story. Of course, I wanted to write it, so I wrote it as I liked.

What kind of story could it be? I hope you enjoy it and I look forward to seeing you in the afterword!

――It was probably an instance where a single misstep sent the entire journey astray.

With but a single misalignment of gears, the tale twisted askew, and the rails of fate changed course with ease.

When the expected flow of events shifted, the torrent of destiny tossed people around like leaves from a tree.

And yet, what if they still finally found their way unto that changeless shore on the other side, unyielding?

Surely, it was only when a strong, unwavering desire utterly deceived that Commandment.

It was precisely within that once-in-a-lifetime lie that the meaning of that man’s life dwelled.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Haa, haa… hk!]

The girl panted as she fled, desperately clutching the child’s hand.

Despite running with all her might, the girl’s speed was lacking. For, within this unfamiliar land, one of her legs was impaired. ――Nay, if one called it an unfamiliar land, then for this girl, the whole world was strange.

This was a place she did not recognize whatsoever, these circumstances were beyond her comprehension, and as for her current situation, she could fathom naught.

Thus――,

???: [Uu! Uu, aau!]

Dragged by the girl’s hand, the child, whose name she did not even know, had been continuously wailing inarticulate cries.

Girl: [――Hk.]

Tightly biting her lips, the girl banished the weakness within her mind and faced ahead.

Indeed, at this moment, everything was unknown to her.. However, certain truths were clear. She knew that she must not let go of this child’s hand, and that she must continue to run forward.

In the midst of this world awash with unknowns, the girl’s instinct cried out for her to flee. Escape was the sole means by which the girl could express her will to resist; a protest permitted to her present self.

Girl: [That, person… hk.]

Whilst experiencing a pain that seared her breath-starved lungs, the girl’s bewildered mind envisioned a single figure. It had the appearance of a boy with black hair and mean-looking eyes, and its very presence evoked both negative impulses as well as strange feelings――,

???: [―― Oh, it’s really an Oni. That’s unusual. ]

Girl: [――Hk.]

That carefree voice suddenly intruded on the girl’s thoughts, sending a tremor throughout her body, and she sharply whirled about.

Mirrored in the girl’s pale blue eyes was a one-eyed woman wearing an eyepatch who was running―― nay, flying beside her. She was a beautiful woman with the animal ears of a dogperson and much of her brown skin exposed to the wind. At the entrance of the woman cutting through the air with a long branch in her grasp, the child that was being dragged behind the girl let out a shriek.

The moment she heard that scream, the girl reflexively attempted to fend off the woman with her free hand.

However――,

Woman: [――? That didn’t connect. It’s a shame, but…]

Off-balance, her swung arm was seized effortlessly, and in turn, she found herself pulled in.

Their faces had drawn so near to one another that the tips of their noses were about to touch, and in the woman’s red eye uncovered by an eyepatch, the girl beheld her own visage in its reflection.

It was an unfamiliar face. ――That was the face of a girl who did not understand the world, let alone herself.

Woman: [I was told to capture you.]

Girl: [――Ah.]

The instant the girl beheld her reflection, the woman lightly tapped the center of her chest with a finger, and the girl felt a minute shock course throughout her entire body.

The action had effortlessly stolen the strength from the girl’s limbs, forcing her to collapse to her knees.

Girl: [Ugh!]

Woman: [That child, too.]

Beside the collapsed girl, the brave child leapt at the woman.

However, the woman caught the strike with the ease of twisting a baby’s hand, and then, that same shock the girl had endured was delivered to the child’s brow, and with an “Aauu?”, she flopped and toppled over as if all her strength had been sapped away.

As a result, the chase sequence starring the girl and the small child reached its anticlimactic conclusion.

Girl: [You, are…]

Woman: [Don’t worry, no harm will… well, I’m not sure. Sorry.]

As the girl crawled toward the dazed child, straining her voice, the woman offered words of apology. But, that was by no means a consolation, as there was no sense of being saved by that apology.

Whether she ought to deem it sincerity or clumsiness, the girl could choose neither.

Slowly but surely, as the child before her slipped into unconsciousness, so too did her own reality begin to fade away.

Woman: [Let’s go, Oni girl.]

Girl: [I, am…]

The sensation of being picked up by the woman was an action she could not resist. As her consciousness gradually faded to white, the girl’s lips trembled feebly.

Being called an Oni failed to resonate with her. That being said, there was another way she had been called――,

Rem: [――Rem.]

That name had been spoken by the black-haired boy enveloped in that dreadful, abhorrent stench.

Perhaps, it was some kind of illusion. ――That above all else, that name somehow felt familiar to her empty self that lacked anything.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Things had taken a troublesome turn.

A combination of dread and vigilance coursed like lightning through Natsuki Subaru’s mind, compelling him to act urgently.

Why, why, why ; he had not even a moment to spare in order to ponder such a question.

He organized his thoughts concerning recent events: the arrival of the opportunity for a long-awaited reunion, and the bitter sorrow that came thereafter when reality had failed to meet his hopes. Suppressing that grief, focusing his mind on the precious people he had been separated from, he steeled his resolve to escape this irrational, senseless impasse―― at least, that was what he ought to do.

And yet――,

???: [Kakakakka! Ya young’uns really are terrifyin’! Even I’ve never seen one with this much recklessness, impossibility, and sheer madness. Amazin’, amazin’.]

The hoarse voice rang out in a hearty laugh, accompanied by a knifehand thrust like steel that struck his heart.

His back was pierced by the knifehand, and as he beheld his own heart torn from his chest, in a tempest of agony and shock, Subaru died instantly.

×  ×  ×

???: [How did a friggin’ human like yourself slip past the watch of us dragons? I don’t know how the frig ’ you did, and that fact I don’t is the height of friggin’ disrespect!]

Bearing a sweet outward appearance, the tantrum of this destructive being was clad in a tempest with a single swing of her arm.

That slender arm did not even need to make contact with him, stirring up a gale which seized the boy’s body and hurled him against the castle walls. Tasting the pain of all of his bones shattering, Subaru died instantly.

×  ×  ×

???: [Deceived… my eyes. Do not understand… how? Scary.]

The shapeshifting statue in the beautiful garden voiced its dread, swinging down an arm that resembled a marble pillar.

Once, then twice, he had managed to evade the arm, but he could not do so forever. The third blow grazed his leg, robbing his body of all mobility, followed by the fourth strike landing a direct blow on him, and as he was compressed to a tenth of his original size, Subaru died instantly.

×  ×  ×

???: [――! Who are you! Don’t you realize whose castle this is, you fool!]

With a gallant, inflexible, righteous fury, sharp thorns flashed like blades.

His whole body was ensnared by purple vines covered in thorns, and as every bit of his flesh was rent asunder, as Subaru’s consciousness was shattered by the unbearable pain of his spilt blood and how the thorns on the vines writhing like they had a will of their own were gnawing at his wounds, he breathed his last.

×  ×  ×

???: [There he is! Don’t let him get away!!]

???: [You villain!]

???: [Do you think you can get away with this!?]

He was cornered by bearers of steel who had flushed out their prey, holding a will to fight that had been honed.

Surrounded on all sides, with neither a place to escape, nor anyone who would lend an ear to his excuses, the thrusting blades pierced his entire body, and suffering all of those mortal wounds, Subaru collapsed and breathed his last.

×  ×  ×

Subaru: [In the first place――]

Subaru gritted his teeth, wondering if he had erred in his choices from the outset, having repeated Death five times.

Subaru had already been alone at the new starting point of Return by Death. ――It may have been a mistake to end up here alone in the first place.

When he thought about how she might be suffering the same things he had even at this very moment, that alone was enough turmoil to crack and shatter his heart.

What was it that he needed?

What possibilities must he secure?

Where was the checkpoint that he must reach?

Walking a tightrope that was far too narrow and unreliable, having to reach the other side no matter the cost, what exactly was it that Subaru must be able to fulfill?

Subaru: [――――]

It was a situation where he must attract attention, yet if Subaru moved carelessly, he would be obstructed by a tough opponent that was far and away beyond his own abilities, and they would take his life all too quickly.

There were a great many enemies. And not a single one had a shred of mercy. ――Subaru’s path was blocked by individuals who had absolutely no qualms about killing their opponents.

In order to break through that, to surmount it, that tiny, minute gap in the possibilities, he would――

Subaru: [――――]

Running over carefully tidied lawns, Subaru headed in a different direction than all the other routes which had been closed off to him, and found an opulent detached palace.

Gaudy and beautiful, yet less gaudy compared the castle that Subaru had just been trying and failing to escape, and he would hope that it had a bit less stringent security.

Accordingly, he should be able to obtain at least a single piece of information. ――With such an intention, Subaru smashed a window in a place void of any signs of people, unlocked it, and tumbled into the Imperial Residence.

In the next instant――,

???: [――You fool.]

He had climbed over the window frame and just put the tips of his toes on the floor.

As soon as he heard that weighty, stern voice, Subaru’s legs were clipped from the side, and he was mercilessly slammed headfirst into the floor.

Subaru: [Oguahh!]

The instant he let out a shriek of pain and his vision flickered red, the worst scenarios flashed through his mind.

After all, up to now, Subaru had repeatedly ended up having his life stolen away from him by completely different people in different ways, all in the span of around ten minutes.

That’s why it was no wonder that, in the midst of the pain, he had resigned himself to it being the same again.

However――,

???: [You, how did you manage to evade the security and get in here?]

The expected arrival of the shock of Death did not befall him, but instead, a question was asked of him.

While grimacing in pain, Subaru lay sprawled out spread-eagle on the floor, and he caught a glimpse of the person who had raised that query to him―― the one who had intercepted Subaru sneaking into the Imperial Residence.

Subaru: [――――]

Standing there, with black hair and black eyes, was a handsome man with tidy features that gave off the impression of a frightening intellect. That individual wearing a crimson outfit that conveyed the quality of its tailoring with a single glance was warily looking down upon Subaru with a gaze as sharp as that of a bird of prey.

That glare usurped his conscious thought, and Subaru froze like he had been pinned down. ――And yet, it was not simply the gaze of the handsome man that had immobilized Subaru.

Handsome Man: [Did you not hear my question? It would be irreverent to not provide any answer.]

With an austere voice and words, the handsome man was about to callously decide Subaru’s fate.

However, rather than this cruel reality, Subaru’s awareness was seized by the strange phenomenon before his eyes―― the profound mystery within the full-length mirror placed beside the handsome man looking down on him.

Upon the mirror, the reflected image of the dark-haired handsome man was different. ――Reflected there was a man, taller than the handsome man with black hair, possessing white hair, white clothes, and a pale face.

As Subaru gasped at the peculiarity of that, the handsome man in reality shut one eye and tapped his foot.

And then, as if an ultimatum, he asked a question once more.

Handsome Man: [There shall not be a third time. Take care, and answer my question.]

Subaru blinked at the overlapping images, and then his consciousness returned to reality.

Then, the figure of the man in white who had just been visible within the mirror a moment prior was nowhere to be seen, and all that remained was the form of the handsome man who stared at him with a dreadfully overbearing attitude.

Seeing this, Subaru swallowed his breath, and then spoke.

Subaru: [――My name is Natsuki Subaru.]

It was an inadequate answer to any of the questions that the handsome man had asked.

Thinking back on it later, even Subaru himself could not think of a proper reason why he had given his name here, had introduced himself without falsifying his identity.

He could only assume that it was an intuitive answer, drawn from his brain which had become confused due to erratically and reflexively accumulating absurd and irrational Deaths over and over again within a short span of time.

Hearing that answer of Subaru’s that could easily strike a nerve with someone, the handsome man――,

Handsome Man: [――Lugunica’s… Lolimancer, is it?]

Yes, he raised his finely shaped eyebrows, and with a hint of bewilderment that did not suit his face, which was like the embodiment of an arrogance that placed all the events of the world within his own palms, he muttered so.

――This itself, was the first misstep.

Natsuki Subaru, who had unexpectedly been sent to the Sacred Vollachian Empire, and “Vincent Vollachia”, the pinnacle of the Land of the Sword Wolves―― it was the meeting of the two whose destinies should never have crossed paths in the first place, comrades who would deceive fate.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――I’ve brought them.]

Saying that, the one who brazenly stepped into the office of the Imperial Residence was a young girl with a strangely revealing outfit that showed off her brown skin, dog ears, and an eyepatch over her left eye; she was overloaded with character traits.

Subaru was taken aback by her appearance, but when he saw that she was carrying Rem upon her slender shoulders and an extra person under her arm, he exclaimed “Rem!” as he hurriedly rushed over.

Subaru: [Are you hurt anywhere?… Opossum !]

Eyepatch Girl: [Don’t do that so suddenly, it surprised me.]

As he tried to ensure she was safe, toes drilled into his defenseless solar plexus and he fell in agony.

The girl with the eyepatch had only casually lifted her bare foot, but it was not a matter of the strength of her legs, but rather of the skill to precisely gouge his vitals―― no, it was a brutal, instinctual kick without any such calculation behind it.

However, despite having his organs bored through by the shock, Subaru staggered over to Rem, slung over the girl’s shoulder, and after confirming her breathing and the tinge of red on her cheeks, he heaved a sigh of relief.

Subaru: […It seems like nothing bad. She’ll actually wake up, right?]

Eyepatch Girl: [I only put her to sleep. She’ll wake up soon. This one too.]

Subaru: [I don’t care about that one. If anything, I’d rather she’d stay asleep forever.]

Eyepatch Girl: […Your relationships are… complicated?]

Subaru: [Not at all. Rem is important, that one isn’t. That’s all.]

Subaru glared at the blonde girl being held under the girl’s arm opposite to Rem.

At his declaration, the girl’s one red eye widened and her lips twitched. It seemed like Subaru’s answer was not to her liking in some way, but unfortunately it was his true thoughts.

But it was impossible to mend things between them. ――Unlike the courageous, gentle, hard-working, and compassionate Rem, that girl was a monster who had piled up a mountain of unpardonable sins.

Subaru: [――Louis Arneb.]

With a whisper, Subaru muttered the girl’s―― the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony’s name.

Right now, she seemed to be sleeping, but she was one of the enemies who had thoroughly tormented him during the battles at the Pleiades Watchtower and made him experience hell. It was a mystery as to why she, who was supposed to be an incorporeal entity, had manifested with a body in reality, but there was no way she was up to anything good.

In any case――,

Subaru: [Thank you for not hurting Rem. You are…?]

Eyepatch Girl: [Arakiya.]

Subaru: [Thanks, Arakiya-chan! I’m in your debt!]

Bowing deeply, Subaru expressed his gratitude toward the girl―― toward Arakiya.

Although she probably did not hold a favorable impression of Subaru due to his treatment of Louis a moment ago, for his part, Subaru felt a strong sense of gratitude and debt toward Arakiya.

And the person who had ordered Arakiya to do this for him was――,

Subaru: [Thank you for saving us. Umm…]

???: [――Vincent Vollachia.]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [Seventy-seventh Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia.]

The one who introduced himself once again was the handsome man with black hair, sitting behind an ebony desk.

This person was the one who had confronted Subaru when he had snuck into the Imperial Residence and had come one step short of striking him down for his insolence. And, if the name he had just given was the truth, he was the most powerful man in the Empire.

Subaru: [Arakiya-chan?]

Arakiya: [It’s true… or a bit of a lie?]

Subaru: [A bit of a lie?]

Vincent: [Arakiya, do not talk out of turn. ――If you wish to regain what you truly desire, take care to conduct yourself in a manner that does not upset my good graces.]

Arakiya: […Nnh.]

Arakiya, who had responded to Subaru and his attempt at confirmation, was rebuked by that handsome man―― by Vincent, and she nodded with a look of slight discontent.

Arakiya lowered Rem and Louis onto a sofa for guests, and let them sleep. As for Subaru, he wanted to separate the two sleeping there as much as possible, but since he lacked the situation or the standing to make such a request, he simply clenched his fists tightly and endured it.

After all, this was the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

Subaru had spent a year learning the culture and general knowledge of this other world; and this was the neighboring nation of the Kingdom of Lugunica, which differed from it starting from the soil on up, the Imperial Capital where a figure of most august rank resided.

Vincent: [So? Lolimancer, explain it to me once more.]

Subaru: […Rather than that, could you please refer to me as Natsuki Subaru? As you can see, I don’t have the lovely, charming , pretty girl that makes me worthy of the title with me right now.]

Arakiya: [What about this child?]

Subaru: [She’s a girl who’s not lovely , nor charming , nor pretty .]

Subaru gave a curt response to Arakiya, who had inquired thus while pointing at Louis. Then, he turned his gaze back toward Vincent once again, and the Emperor closed one of his black eyes.

Vincent: [Speak, Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: […No matter how many times you ask, it won’t change much. We were at the tower of the Sage, in the far east of Lugunica. A lot happened at the tower, but I’ll leave that out… In the end, part of the Witch of Envy overflowed from the shrine near the Great Waterfall and swallowed us. Then, the next thing I knew, I was flung to the grounds of this castle…]

Arakiya: […Your story sounds like a lie. Are you lying?]

Subaru: [I get what I’m saying is totally suspicious, but on the other hand there is no reason for me to give you a story that is nothing but lies, so I’d like you to believe me…!]

He had thought he had laid out the facts, but Arakiya was rightly suspicious.

However, it was the person concerned, Subaru, who wanted an explanation of the situation. After finishing the battle with the Gluttonies at the Pleiades Watchtower, and then losing a companion he did not want to lose under the pretense of a Trial, and just as his frayed heart had begun to settle, this had occurred.

Subaru: [I’m sure Emilia-tan, Beako, and the others are quite worried right about now… Something like, “I can’t believe you, you ended up in the Empire somehow, and on the grounds of the castle of the Imperial Capital no less.”]

Vincent: [That you are a spy quite lacking in the skill of your excuses, contrary the skill of your infiltration, is currently the most likely explanation. If there is a point of note, it is that you identify yourself as Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: […It’s not a lie, I’m telling the truth, but was that really that significant to you?]

Vincent: [It is well known to the Empire that the Lolimancer is one of the Knights to a Candidate for the Royal Selection. The menaces of the Witch Cult and the Three Great Witchbeasts are not something that even Vollachia is isolated from.]

Subaru: [I see…]

Vincent: [A non-aggression pact was signed between the Empire and the Kingdom. I could insist that your mere presence here has shattered that agreement, however…]

Subaru: [No, that’s, well you know, I plead for your forgiveness.]

It would be terrible if Subaru carelessly giving out his name was the cause of the two nations plunging into a state of war. In the first place, this was truly an unfortunate misunderstanding, an unforeseen accident.

Subaru had no way to explain it, and it was shameful that he could do nothing but desperately insist that the truth that appeared to be a lie was, in fact, the truth, but――,

???: [My ohhh~ my, that’s just a bit too much of a threat, now isn’t it, Your Excellency? I don’t think we can afford to deal with the Kingdom right now, myself.]

Subaru: [――! W-who are you!?]

Subaru’s shoulders twitched at the unexpected voice of a third-party, and he turned around. When he did, he found that the office door had opened slightly, and his eyes met with the suspicious person peeking through the opening.

The suspicious person whom he had made eye contact with waved at Subaru, and opened the door with a defiant smile. Then, with broad strides, he brazenly stepped foot into the office.

Suspicious Man: [In accordance with my commandment, I have been called here, Your Excellency.]

Vincent: [I do not remember calling for you.]

Suspicious Man: [I didn’t saaay~ that, though? I said, in accordance with my commandment. I rarely get the chance to, so when the odd opportunity comes, I need to act as a proper Stargazer.]

The one who responded with a frivolous smile to Vincent, the Emperor, was a gentle-looking effeminate man with long ashen hair.

He seemed to have a different air about him than the soldiers he had seen in the castle, or the transcendental beings he had come across, and as far as Subaru could see, he did not seem to be a fighter.

Subaru: [Umm, this person is…]

Arakiya: [I hate him.]

Subaru: [I don’t want to know who you like or dislike, I want to know what his position is.]

Suspicious Man: [Ah, sorry, sorry. I’m not very attentive at times like these. My naaame~ is Ubilk, and I’m technically a Stargazer at this Crystal Palace. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Stargazer-san of the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [Stargazer… of the Kingdom?]

Subaru tilted his head at that unexpected sound when he was called such by that effeminate man―― the man who named himself as Ubilk, with a frivolous smile still on his face.

However, before Subaru could find out what that meant,

Vincent: [Natsuki Subaru is a Stargazer? Are you certain?]

Ubilk: [If you’re asking me if I’m certain or not, I have no way of confirming it since the Kingdom is outside my jurisdiction, but… I’d wager Your Excellency has come up with a similar theory regarding it.]

Vincent: [A puppet of the stars such as yourself would pose a conjecture as to my speculations?]

Ubilk: [Of course nooot~, I don’t have such a high view of myself as to believe myself capable of guessing the thoughts of Your Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia… I’m just giving a recommendation.]

Vincent: [――. You may speak.]

Ubilk: [I have recited the stars. ――He will beee~ of great use to you, Your Excellency.]

Jerking his chin, Ubilk made that evaluation of Subaru in a light-hearted tone. In response, Subaru pointed at himself and instinctively said, “Me?” out loud.

Truthfully, combining this treatment as a Stargazer, the details of which was still unclear to him, with the discussion about Subaru, made him feel like this exchange being had was going over his head.

Ubilk: [Considering our relationship with the Kingdom, the intention to sever that anxiety of what may come could well give birth to a pretext that will not vanish. If that‘s the case, I believe it would be wise to add him to your hand instead. You have some perfectly convenient hostages, don’t youuu~? It’s a quick way for you both to reach an agreement, no?]

Subaru: [Convenient hostages… Wait, you’re not talking about Rem are you? No way!]

Ubilk: [Ha haah~ ha, you really are an honest person. If you had insisted that this young lady who accompanied you here wasn’t valuable as a hostage, things would have changed a bit.]

Subaru: [Guh, nnn…]

Ubilk: [Ooor~, would you like me to rephrase that just now? The young lady who accompanied him is worthless to Natsuki Subaru…]

Subaru: [Ha? Rem is so precious to me that I would sacrifice my life for her without regret.]

After he replied exactly like that, he witnessed Ubilk’s smile deepen, and Subaru brought his hand to his forehead as he completely fell for the trap.

That said, he could not lie here and say that Rem was worthless to him.

Subaru: [I’m not Otto. I really can’t say something I don’t mean.]

Otto: [I can’t agree with you calling strategy in a time of crisis proof of a bad character, though!]

Subaru sighed, an imaginary Otto shouting in the back of his mind. Dismissing it with a wave of his hand, Subaru looked toward Vincent.

Vincent placed a finger on the tip of his slender chin, and looked like he was examining Ubilk’s current proposal. Although, from the look on his face, Subaru could guess that he had already arrived at his answer.

And sure enough――,

Vincent: [――Natsuki Subaru, the situation you have been placed in is far from bright. Regardless of the veracity of your prior poor explanation, the fact remains that you have stepped foot into my country. And beyond that, this is while the Empire has entered wartime and is in the middle of an unparalleled national crisis.]

Subaru: [Wartime… There’s a war!? With who… where!?]

Vincent: [Here.]

Without censuring Subaru for panicking and forgetting to use respectful language, Vincent tapped the floor with his shoe. Subaru blinked, as he momentarily did not connect that response to his question.

But soon the implication reached his mind…

Subaru: [By here… No way, a civil war in the Empire?]

Vincent: [Precisely. The Emperor and the rebels shall fight over the throne of the Empire.]

Subaru: [――――]

At the confirmation of the reality of a war, a civil war at that, Subaru was involuntarily lost for words. Extending his hand toward that speechless Subaru, Vincent thus announced.

Like a bird of prey, with a gaze and expression of absolute power, the Vollachian Emperor thus announced.

Vincent: [No matter your circumstances, should you want to survive, you shall have to join me, Natsuki Subaru. ――In order to leave the Empire as it should be, in the hands of Vincent Vollachia.]

――Seriously, things had taken a troublesome turn.

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent Vollachia’s declaration caused Subaru to explode in rage with all his heart at the greatest absurdity of fate since he was first summoned to this world.

So far he had encountered many unreasonable situations. It could be said that he had been beaten down by countless absurdities, such as the hardship he had suffered at the Pleiades Watchtower.

And yet, there had still been continuity between them. It could also be said that there had been reasonable logic in how those situations had slowly gotten worse and worse, until it had been driven into an absurd situation.

Yet this time, it was not that way at all.

Subaru’s arrival in the Vollachian Empire, without any warning, had been absurd. If it had not been the Imperial Capital of Vollachia, but a more remote region, or perhaps the Kararagi City-States or the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko that he had been sent to, it would not have been so strange, and yet, it was here.

If he could not call this absurd, then just what could he call it――,

Arakiya: [Ah.]

???: [Uuh, nnn…]

Suddenly, Arakiya noticed something, and let out a sound, followed by Rem on the sofa beginning to stir.

Realizing this was a sign of her awakening, Subaru turned to look at Rem with a snap. Then he knelt next to her on the sofa and waited for her eyelids, framed by her lashes, to slowly open. He could vaguely see himself reflected in her pale blue eyes, and…

Subaru: [Rem! Thank goodness, are you okay? Do you hurt anywhere? Are you injured, or feeling sick? If anything is unusual anywhere, let’s immediately…]

Rem: [――Hk, why are you here!?]

Subaru: [Ghwow!]

After that brief period of him worrying about her condition, the awake Rem immediately shoved Subaru away. Subaru was blown away by the unrestrained power of that strike, and Ubilk lay in his trajectory.

With a “Huuuh~?”, a wide-eyed Ubilk was caught up by the flying Subaru, and the two of them tumbled to the edge of the room, entangled.

Ignoring Subaru and Ubilk, Rem sat up on the sofa and scanned her surroundings.

Rem: [W-where is that child… and you! From before!]

Arakiya: […Your Excellency?]

Vincent: [――. This is the Imperial Residence of the Emperor. This is far too noisy for such a place.]

Witnessing Arakiya before her, Rem became even more wary. Seeing Rem’s gaze, Arakiya turned her sleepy eyes toward Vincent, and the Emperor quietly lamented so.

As the Emperor had said, the situation was somehow lacking tension, and yet――,

Louis: [Uuu?]

The scene with the least tension was when Louis woke up late, rubbed her eyes, then tilted her head quizzically.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Trespassing upon the Imperial Residence inhabited by His Excellency Vincent Vollachia, located within the Crystal Palace at the northern end of the Imperial Capital Lupugana of the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

The crime committed by Subaru and Rem would definitely get them executed around seven times over.

Subaru and her were convicted criminals by Imperial law, but the reason they were not executed was due to the considerate discretion of the Emperor overflowing with mercy and compassion―― of course, that was not the case.

???: [As far as I am concerned, I would prefer to place individuals such as yourself that are inconvenient to deal with under house arrest until the issues of highest priority are dealt with, and remove the option of adding you to the discussion.]

Subaru: [You’re being super clear that I’m a nuisance, huh?]

???: [You are aware of this yourself, are you not? Under these circumstances, giving your name as that of a Knight involved in the Royal Selection of Lugunica, regardless of the veracity of that claim, only invites needless disaster.]

Subaru: […Unfortunately, my fame in the Kingdom is only around the level where passersbys on the street will wave at me.]

Having said that, Subaru was also starting to contemplate on whether it had been imprudent of him to have carelessly given his name. However, if he had done or said anything other than giving the name Natsuki Subaru at that time, he feared he may have left himself under Vincent’s discretion without any negotiation.

It had probably been the correct decision to confront Vincent in proportion to the willingness to listen he had displayed.

Subaru: [The others came to take my life without any questions…]

???: [If anything, I am impressed your neck is still so well connected to your body… The fact that you headed straight toward the Imperial Residence where His Excellency was at is also a point that adds to my suspicions.]

In that regard, it had been a process of elimination where every other route had been a beeline toward disaster, but it was clear that he would not be able to convince this old man with slits for eyes with such an explanation.

Imperial Prime Minister, Berstetz Fondalfon. ――That was the name and title of this old man with slits for eyes, and it was easy to understand the reasons why he was wary of Subaru, an outsider.

Subaru: [No matter what I say, you’ll think what you do, but I’m really not plotting or scheming anything. To be honest, I want to return to Lugunica soooon.]

Berstetz: [As you stated, it does not matter what you say to me. With the present state of affairs where border crossings are already restricted, it is unfeasible to be rash and send you back there when you have yet to be cleared of suspicions of being a covert agent.]

Subaru: [A torrent of sound arguments…]

Subaru sighed and his shoulders drooped at Berstetz’s strict words.

This place was a corner of the Imperial Capital, Lupugana, and it was here where Berstetz’s manor lay. Subaru had received a gracious verdict for his crime of trespassing upon the Imperial Residence, and he was being kept at the estate of the Prime Minister for now.

Berstetz, who was well-regarded by the Emperor, Vincent, was properly complying with the order to hold custody over his person, although he did not relax even one ounce of vigilance toward Subaru. Subaru too, had no major complaints about his treatment, despite feeling the sharpness of Berstetz’s attitude of unconcealed distrust.

If he had to say anything, it would be that it was almost frustrating that he had been so thoroughly strung along by Vincent’s calculations and had been unable to take any proactive steps to return to the Kingdom.

Or perhaps, the greatest reason Subaru and the others had been entrusted to Berstetz’s mansion, which had even stricter security than the Crystal Palace or the Imperial Residence, was due to that――,

???: [――I’m friggin’ back.]

En route back to his assigned room after finishing his interrogation by Berstetz, Subaru witnessed a flying dragon enveloped in a shroud of wind alighting in the garden of the mansion and a petite figure dismounting from its back.

The one there was a young girl in an adorable outfit, with two black horns that sprouted out of her sky-blue hair―― yet in contrast to that cuteness, she was a dragonkin who possessed unbelievable strength.

Subaru: [Madelyn-chan.]

Madelyn: […You friggin’ human. Don’t be so friggin’ casual and use “chan” for this dragon.]

The returning dragonkin girl, Madelyn, took notice of Subaru calling her name, and sniffed softly.

Madelyn seemed to be under Berstetz’s patronage, just like Subaru and the rest, and he often had the chance to cross paths with her in the mansion and interact. However, whenever they did, her bearing was harsh in this way, so he could not say they had established a good relationship.

Her harshness was not only directed at Subaru, but everyone at the mansion as well, however――,

Berstetz: [General First-Class Madelyn, how did it go? Those seeking the emancipation of General First-Class Goz are…]

Madelyn: [I friggin’ kicked them away. Let me say this now, us dragons don’t have any friggin’ obligation to take your insignificant circumstances into consideration, so I really did literally kick them the frig’ away.]

Berstetz: [No problem. His Excellency the Emperor ordered you to quell the revolt, and if you did what you deemed necessary to do so, then that is what is right for the Empire.]

Madelyn: [Hmph, you friggin’ boring senile fool.]

Madelyn shrugged at Berstetz’s answer, and upon her back she carried an armament around as large as her own petite frame―― a boomerang.

There was blood here and there upon the boomerang that she had failed to wipe off, and there was no doubt that was related to the “quelling” the two of them had discussed.

Subaru: [General First-Class Madelyn Eschart, and General First-Class Goz Ralfon…]

Murmuring that softly, Subaru thought of that which was beyond the walls that encircled the mansion―― of the landscape of the Imperial Capital with its buildings in orderly rows, and organized the various relationships swirling there through his head.

When he had first been sent here, he held almost no knowledge regarding the Vollachian Empire, and could only wander in confusion, but thanks to living in the mansion for the past few days, he now knew a few things.

For example, the one before him, Madelyn, had been bestowed with the rank of General First-Class, which was bestowed upon none but the strongest existences of the Empire, and

was a member of the Nine Divine Generals, an individual of the greatest military ability.

The other was also a member of the same Nine Divine Generals, a character known as the renowned Lion Knight, Goz Ralfon, who had rebelled against the Emperor, and was currently restrained within the prison of the Crystal Palace. The violent actions of Goz, who had a profound bond of trust with his subordinates, had caused much chaos amongst the troops.

It appeared that the group of soldiers Madelyn had just routed had been appealing for the pardon and release of the imprisoned Goz. He could understand saying that such a response was reasonable, since by siding with Goz, who had turned his blade against the Emperor, they too possessed the potential to become part of the rebels.

Subaru: [I’ve thought this day after day, but the culture is just too different…]

The Kingdom of Lugunica was about as safe and peaceful as modern-day Japan―― As someone who had lost their life many times in the Kingdom, this was not something Subaru would ever say. However, clearly different rules from the Kingdom had been imposed by the Vollachian Empire, and it was exceedingly difficult to ascertain the boundary between common sense and senselessness.

However, he could not afford to show weakness.

Subaru: [If I’m discouraged, it would cause trouble for Rem. For Rem’s sake…]

???: [――What about me?]

Subaru: [Uwoh hyoh hoi!?]

Just as he slapped his cheeks to fill himself with motivation, that voice called out to him from behind, and he jumped and spun around with an Acchonburike expression, his cheeks still sandwiched between his hands. And then, with an “Uuu!”, he was embraced with an impact to the front of his waist and he nearly toppled over. [1]

Rem: [Louis-chan, you shouldn’t get too close. He’s just going to say more nasty things to you again.]

Louis: [Uuuau?]

Subaru: [That’s right. It’s as Rem said. I’ll say nasty things to you. Don’t cling to me.]

Louis: [Aaa, auaaau.]

Standing his ground, Subaru pulled off the body of the girl―― Louis, who was clinging to his waist, then casually tossed her to one side. Spinning, Louis handled it with the nimbleness of a cat, then after making a face also like that of a stray cat, she returned to the side of the girl with open arms.

Receiving the return of Louis with a hug, Rem cast a reproachful gaze upon Subaru.

Rem: [How can you be so cold to such a small child. I can’t comprehend it.]

Subaru: [Rem, I’ve said it over and over, but that’s a bomb pretending to be a child. She’s being obedient now, but there’s no telling when she might explode. Please trust me on this…]

Rem: […When you stink so much? That’s impossible.]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [What’s with that moved look on your face?]

Subaru: [Nothing, just you telling me “You stink, you stink” is also nostalgic, so it just brought back some deeply moving feelings.]

Rem: [Ha?]

The reaction from Rem as she embraced Louis was cold, and overall, Subaru’s feelings were not taken very positively.

Subaru knew that it was difficult when he just simply told Rem, who had no Memories and a nose that could only perceive the miasma Subaru was clad in, to believe in him, so even though it was painful, he endured it.

Subaru: [Compared to when we couldn’t even have this sort of exchange, it’s seriously a world of difference.]

Rem: […Truly, I don’t understand you.]

Despite her bluntness, it seemed like Rem had indescribably complicated emotions regarding Subaru’s reaction, where the joy seemed to be outweighed by the bitterness.

Even so, the reason she did not completely try to keep him at a distance due to the Miasma, was thanks to the initial incident at the Crystal Palace―― Because she tried to fully accept and understand the dedication shown when, after he had realized they had been sent to a dangerous location, he had volunteered to be a decoy and attempted to help Rem and Louis, well, strictly speaking only Rem, escape.

In actuality, Subaru had ended up Returning by Death so many times that he was really, really relieved that such a threat had not befallen Rem.

That said, he would be overjoyed if they could compromise just a bit more. For example――,

Madelyn: [Oni girl, this dragon has friggin’ returned. Help me with my friggin’ bath.]

Rem: [Of course, Madelyn-san, I understand.]

Something like the relationship between Rem and Madelyn, where unexpectedly, she could calmly respond to those haughty demands with such a tone.

Berstetz: [General First-Class Madelyn and Rem-dono have become quite close.]

Right then, Berstetz said exactly what Subaru had been thinking. Even if he took a glance at the old man’s profile, he could not read anything from his eyes that were so narrow, not even his irises were visible.

Not even whether he welcomes the relationship between them, or dislikes it.

Subaru: [Berstetz-san, you wouldn’t happen to be a demi-human collector , would you?]

Berstetz: [If that means being an antiquarian of precious bloodlines, then I cannot deny it in a broad sense. Powerful species have strong individuals, but contrarily they lack in their ability to protect their bloodlines. For the future of the Empire, we must treat them with care to ensure they are not lost.]

Subaru: [Speaking of the future of the Empire…]

Berstetz: [Are you curious to learn more? Lolimancer-dono of the Kingdom?]

Subaru: [ Don’t need to know …]

Lifting both hands, Subaru indicated he had retracted his careless curiosity.

They say curiosity killed the cat, but in the Empire it was a rule that would seriously not go unpunished.

However――,

Subaru: [Setting aside the dragonkin Madelyn-chan, whether Oni are valuable or not, Rem is my Rem.]

Rem: [Ha? Please don’t say that on your own. I can hear you.]

Subaru: [I didn’t say it so you wouldn’t hear me.]

Louis: [Uu!]

Having sharp ears, Rem caught what was being discussed, and made a complicated face upon hearing Subaru’s response. Why was Louis enjoying hugging her waist, beaming while in a good mood? It was annoying when she would cling to Subaru, but it was mentally draining having her embrace Rem in that way.

Then, it was as Subaru was thinking about tearing Louis away from Rem by force.

???: [Natsuki Subaru-dono, are you here!?]

His name called out so loudly, Subaru’s eyes widened as he wondered what was going on.

When he turned around, the figure of a tall individual was standing at the entrance to the mansion. Seeing it was a fierce-looking young man with short green hair, Subaru pursed his lips.

It was not particularly clear, but he recalled the young man’s face. ――He had been killed by him once before.

Subaru: [I am Natsuki Subaru.]

???: [I am Kafma Irulux, General Second-Class of the glorious Vollachian Empire. Natsuki Subaru-dono, you have been summoned by His Excellency, the Emperor.]

The young man who saluted before Subaru―― Kafma, announced this with a polite bow.

Subaru’s breath caught in his throat when he heard that the Emperor had summoned him. For the Emperor, who spent his time always occupied, to call for him for the first time in days, it would not be without meaning.

That is to say――,

Subaru: [Kafma… san,  do you know why the Emperor has called for me?]

Kafma: [I do not hold the authority to preemptively convey His Excellency the Emperor’s words. His Excellency will reveal to you exactly what you need to know.]

Kafma’s answer was the most military-esque of anyone he had spoken to thus far. With his wholehearted faithfulness and loyalty toward the Emperor, now that man known as the Lion Knight had been imprisoned as a rebel, he seemed to be the only Knight in an Empire without any other.

In any case――,

Subaru: [――Rem, I’m going to go out for a bit. I might be home late, so you can eat dinner without me.]

Rem: [Stop saying nonsensical things… Take care.]

Just that one phrase reluctantly and falteringly added at the end was enough to make him blush, as he was filled with unbelievable energy that he felt would allow him to persevere forever and ever.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: […It is true that I carelessly thought I would be able to get through it no matter what, but…]

???: [What. Do you have any complaints?]

???: [Of course, is that not obviously a given?]

Sitting in a luxurious dragon carriage and resting his head on his knees, Subaru retorted with those words to the Emperor whose cruelty was beyond compare, the one who had asked something so obvious.

The black-haired Emperor, shrugging slightly at Subaru’s objection,

Vincent: [You must be aware of your own circumstances, which are not only complicated, but even ominous, no?]

Subaru: [Ominous is an exaggeration. I am aware of my complicated position, and I feel that I should repay how you have overlooked that for me in some way. But that said…”]

Vincent: [――]

Subaru: [Separating me from Rem, and then taking me so far away is another story altogether!]

Exploding with such displeasure, Subaru was currently accompanying Vincent on an expedition.

Kafma had turned up at Berstetz’s mansion and had brought Subaru to the castle. With as few words as always, Vincent had arrogantly decreed, “Accompany me on my travels.”

Before he realized it, he was carried away just like that and put in a dragon carriage, and now he was here.

Subaru: [Kafma-san said that Your Excellency the Emperor would inform me of anything I needed to know, without hiding anything, and yet?]

Vincent: [Kafma Irulux’s remark was correct. I shall not hesitate to disclose any information that is necessary.]

Subaru: [But despite that, other than that our destination is a city called Chaosflame, I have not heard anything else?]

Vincent: [Is it necessary? For you to have more information than that?]

Subaru: [Of course it is!]

Going on an expedition while knowing nothing but the destination was like a variety show of a bygone era. It would be impossible to do now due to compliance violations of the modern age, as well as due to fears that they might be forced to do hard labour overseas; it could be considered close to a modern shady part-time job.

In either case, it would be out of line ethically.

However, instigator in question, the Emperor himself, sniffed softly,

Vincent: [Looking at your current appearance, I cannot believe that you harbor any anxiety over the future.]

He had declared so indifferently, without hesitation.

Subaru understood what Vincent wanted to say. He was probably referring to what was reflected in his black eyes: the current Subaru―― nay, Natsumi Schwartz.

He was wearing a beautiful long black wig and a red toned military uniform styled to conceal his figure. His makeup was flawless, and he appeared as a perfected lady from any angles.

Subaru/Schwartz: [However, I cannot say I like when people point at me and say suggestive things.]

Vincent: […Is there any point in continuing to put up that act before me, when I know your true identity?]

Subaru/Schwartz: [You can never know when you might be found out. Is this not a good thing? They say that God is in the details, which means devoting yourself with sincerity.]

Vincent: [――――]

Subaru/Schwartz: [To begin with, the reason I am accompanying you like this as Natsumi Schwartz is to comply with the wishes of Your Excellency the Emperor. The circumstances are what they are, but I simply cannot leave any records of myself being involved in something such as a civil war of the Empire.]

Subaru/Schwartz did not know every detail about the friction between the two nations, but he knew that so-called intervention in another country’s domestic affairs and collaboration across national borders could invite bad things, even if it were good deeds, depending on the situation.

Put simply, a Knight with ties to the Kingdom lending a helping hand to the Empire when it is in a crisis―― the difference between a fairy tale and the story of reality was that such a moving tale was inexcusable.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Therefore, I am Natsumi Schwartz.]

Vincent: [――. If you possess no doubts about yourself, I care not. As long as you work properly, I do not intend on putting fetters on any individual hobbies or tastes.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Hobbies…?]

Vincent: [I do not intend to engage in trivial questioning . You were the one who requested an explanation. If you were that damnable Ubilk, he would not have asked anything, but I suppose you are not.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [It troubles me that you put me alongside that person of ambiguous station. Speaking of, who is that person really? A pro jester beside a medieval king who relieves their boredom?]

Vincent: [It is true that that thing is a jester, but its role is not to stave off my boredom. Of course, the role I expect of you is the same. It was he who nominated you for this expedition after all.]

Subaru/Schwartz: […Ubilk-san, nominated me?]

Recalling the face of the frivolous, effeminate man, Subaru/Schwartz tilted his head.

From the beginning, Ubilk had acted with a mysterious sense of distance toward Subaru/Schwartz. Even more baffling was the reactions of Vincent and other authorities who allowed Ubilk to have an influential voice. Stargazer, that was how Ubilk was addressed. ――If that role was a prophetic position as Subaru/Schwartz vaguely conjectured, then it was a common trope in the settings of fantasy stories.

The problem was that there was a good chance there were actual prophets in this world, and according to words of the effeminate man suspected to be a prophet, he feared they might also suspect him to be one of them as well.

Subaru/Schwartz: [I just cannot believe it is the same thing, but it is frustrating that I cannot explain the reason why.]

Subaru/Schwartz’s Return by Death can, in other words, be said to be seen as anticipating the future.

There was a part of Subaru/Schwartz that thought of it as simply cheating the future, but when he learned of approaching threats through Return by Death and worked out the means to avoid them, it was not very strange that others would think he appeared to be a prophet.

Subaru/Schwartz: [In fact, a bewitching and beautiful prophetess buttering up a powerful individual is a classic among classics. Still, it would be problematic to be misunderstood. …As it is, Return by Death has been behaving oddly.]

The grumbling by Subaru/Schwartz was concerned with the strange phenomenon that was occurring to Return by Death.

Subaru/Schwartz had repeated Return by Death many times before encountering Vincent in the Crystal Palace, but the reason this happened was not only because of the Empire’s national character that did not hesitate to kill, but also because the interval of time between when he died and when he restarted had been so limited.

Of course, the closer the restart point was to Death, the fewer options he had, and the less time there was to enact a plan. The result was that Subaru/Schwartz had experienced many horrific Deaths. This mysterious anomaly that had arisen in Return by Death―― Subaru/Schwartz suspected it might be connected to this not being the Kingdom of Lugunica, but rather the Vollachian Empire.

Subaru/Schwartz: [I do not particularly want to put stock in Echidna’s, or rather that ill-natured Witch’s observation, however…]

If it was the Witch of Envy who made Subaru/Schwartz Return by Death, then the physical distance between the Witch sealed in the eastern end of the Kingdom and Subaru in the Empire had widened. If he considered it simply, then could it not be said that it was becoming harder for the Authority of the Witch to reach him?

If so, then what would happen to Subaru/Schwartz’s Return by Death if, for example, he were to lose his life on the western edge of the Kararagi City-States, the Great Nation of the west? ――He had no means to test it, and did not want to find out.

Subaru/Schwartz: [At any rate, I am being brought here even to the point of separating me from Rem. Then at the very least, I want to do my job. Even if it is annoying, please give me an explanation.]

Vincent: [You issue orders to me, whilst knowing I am the Emperor? I was the one who said that keeping up that clumsy respect was unnecessary, but you have switched quite quickly.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [So far, it seems unlikely that I’ll be killed by a guillotine.]

Vincent: [Guillotine, huh? ――It is ironic that I am reminded of Magrizza’s Guillotine here.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――?]

Vincent: [That was an unnecessary remark. ――My goal in having you accompany me to the Demon City is not complicated. It is to speak with Yorna Mishigure, one of the Nine Divine Generals.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Yorna Mishigure… If I recall, she is nicknamed the Flamboyant.]

Subaru/Schwartz put the results of him diligently gathering intelligence rather than just playing around into words. With a face that held no real emotion toward that, Vincent said nothing and calmly lowered his chin.

Subaru thought it was likely that the attitude of this Emperor who was truly inept at meeting the needs of his subordinates for approval might have been the cause as for why the person known as Goz had rebelled.

Putting Subaru’s suspicions aside, Vincent began to speak matter-of-factly.

What he said was――,

Vincent: [Arakiya, whom I had sent to suppress the rebels, has not returned. We should assume that in all likelihood, she has either been killed or detained.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――Hk, Arakiya-chan might have!?]

As this unexpected news was announced, Subaru/Schwartz opened his eyes adorned with straightened lashes in surprise.

Although he had not had a chance to meet Arakiya since that first day, he had felt a one-sided sense of gratitude toward her. ――This was because when Subaru/Schwartz had encountered Vincent, given his name, and the table for negotiations had been laid out, he had asked via Vincent to ensure Rem’s safety, and it was Arakiya who had accomplished this brilliantly.

If Rem had been discovered by any of the individuals who had mercilessly taken Subaru/Schwartz’s life, an unforgivable disaster may have befallen her by now.

That was why Subaru/Schwartz thought of Arakiya as someone he was indebted to.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Why did you not tell me!?]

Vincent: [There should be no expectation I would. She is a General First-Class of the Empire, her actions are a state secret. Think of me informing you like this now as an exception.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――――]

Vincent: [Since the First cannot be used now for various reasons, Arakiya, who is the Second, was the strongest military force of the Empire. If it has become the case that Arakiya can no longer be used, we need the Nine Divine Generals to be cautious in expressing their positions, including on the matter of Goz Ralfon.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [For that reason…]

Vincent: [Exactly.]

Vincent nodded, arms crossed, as Subaru/Schwartz lowered his head.

In his chest, his heart was resounding coldly in pain, and even now, he still could not fully process the misfortune that had befallen Arakiya.

He could understand Vincent’s point. However, what if Vincent had shared the truth with him immediately as soon as something had happened to Arakiya?

Subaru/Schwartz: [With Return by Death…]

He might have been able to save Arakiya.

Given the matter of her safety was unknown, he knew it was a premature conclusion, but Subaru/Schwartz could not help but have the possibility flash through his mind.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Besides, regarding the individual known as Yorna Mishigure, as far as I know…]

Vincent: [She has raised rebellions against me twice in the past.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Right!? With such circumstances, is it fine for you to meet such a person face-to-face?]

Subaru/Schwartz had learned over the past few days that Vincent Vollachia’s reign had already lasted eight years, apparently being an exceptionally peaceful era in the history of the Empire up to now, and Vincent was called the Wise Emperor by his subjects, gaining their approval.

During Vincent’s reign, there was one person not easily swayed, raising rebellions in the true sense of the word, and repeatedly clashing with him: Yorna Mishigure, the Flamboyant.

Subaru/Schwartz: [As far as I know, would they not clearly be the kind of person who would take advantage of this situation?]

Vincent: [To make certain of this, is the reason why I am going myself. That is all.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [The one with an irreplaceable position taking the initiative… the spirit of the Empire, it is quite impressive.]

As Subaru/Schwartz’s shoulders drooped in dejection, Vincent said “ Speerit ?” with a reaction like he was stuck on a word he was not used to hearing.

To exact a modicum of revenge, Subaru/Schwartz decided to not translate the modern language unless asked, and looking out the window of the moving dragon carriage, he kept the work that was expected of him in the Demon City locked up tight in his heart.

Putting aside the expectations of the recommender, Ubilk, Vincent’s expectations of Subaru/Schwartz were, to put it bluntly, more or less as that of a backup plan.

He was unsure the extent of which the achievements of Subaru/Schwartz of the Kingdom of Lugunica were known in the Vollachian Empire, but no matter what embellished or exaggerated rumors had spread, anyone who saw the real Subaru/Schwartz would surely be disappointed to learn that he was not such an outstanding person.

On the other hand, if the facts connected to those deeds cannot be ignored, it could be said that the best role he can be expected to fulfill is that of being a backup plan.

Thus, Subaru/Schwartz wanted to slap his cheeks, but stopped, afraid of possibly ruining his makeup. Instead, while brushing his long, lustrous hair in a feminine manner,

Subaru/Schwartz: [I understand, Your Excellency the Emperor. For now, I shall do everything within my power to bring you back unharmed to the Imperial Capital no matter what happens. Being the back-up is my specialty!]

Vincent: [――. I have no idea what in the world has gotten you so fired up, but endeavor to do so with all you have. Do not forget that what is precious to you is being kept hostage at Berstetz’s manor.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [You do not need to go out of your way to threaten me; Emilia-tan, Beako, and Rem are constantly in the back of my mind at all times!]

He had just started to build up his motivation without any such threats, and yet now His Excellency the Emperor had unnecessarily dampened that motivation. ――Given that he angered the kind Goz Ralfon who was so well-regarded, perhaps it was Vincent’s fault after all.

With that tinge of anxiety in his chest, Subaru/Schwartz completed his journey to his destination of the Demon City Chaosflame with no complications.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Enemy of my late sister ――Black haired, black-eyed, traveler !!]

She had been a woman with the tips of her black hair dyed blue, and a brave yet fierce hatred within her eyes.

Immediately after the string of her bow that she had drawn back with great force had bent, and the sound of it cutting through the air had been heard, Subaru/Schwartz had been sent flying away from beside the Emperor’s shoulder, and his side had been pulverized by the arrow.

Subaru/Schwartz: [――Guh.]

The welling blood filled his throat, and Subaru/Schwartz fell as he experienced the sensation of drowning.

Witnessing this scene, the Emperor who had been protected ――Vincent Vollachia, grimaced as he rushed to Subaru/Schwartz, whose blood spread upon the bare earth.

Vincent: [Natsumi Schwartz! You… are out of character…!]

Subaru/Schwartz: [You say… that it is… out of character… It is my… motto to do one good deed a day…]

Vincent: [Even now, you do not stop running your mouth… Tch, this is a severe injury.]

Placing his hands over the open wound to try and stop the oozing blood, and then perceiving that the flesh of the side he touched was not all there, Subaru/Schwartz regretted his awareness of his wound.

The side of his abdomen had been blown away. No matter how he looked at it, it was a fatal wound, one he could not expect to survive. However, Vincent picked up Subaru/Schwartz’s body, and began to move.

Subaru/Schwartz: [What… are you doing… If you do not… run…]

Vincent: [I have no objections. Hence, I am doing exactly that. You can just admire the sky.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [The sky… Your unnecessary comments… just make my injuries worse…]

While he answered with a hollow voice, Subaru/Schwartz looked up into the skies of Chaosflame.

The city of Chaosflame was unique in how the great diversity of tribes that lived in the Demon City and all their respective architectural styles had become intertwined as if they had forgotten the spirit of compromise, with their implementation of urban development like a potpourri. ――Now, it was a mere shadow of its former self.

What swept across the city now was not a scene of the liberation of freedoms accumulated on top of each other, but a battle of transcendent beings beyond all human understanding that demolished, twisted, and shattered those streets.

???: [Kakakakka! I never thought we’d clash like this, Araki!]

???: [If you don’t like it, back off.]

???: [Are you giving orders like you own this city? Who do you think is the lord of this place?]

Numerous flaming explosions spread throughout the air, and the shadow of a monstrous old man used the roof of a building as a foothold as he soared about. Flying after him in pursuit was a doggirl whose legs below the knees had been replaced with flames. And the two who were clashing together were interrupted by a courtesan-like foxperson who used an undulating steel tower as a foothold to remold the town――,

――The Vicious Old Man, Olbart Dunkelkenn.

――The Spirit Eater, Arakiya.

――The Flamboyant, Yorna Mishigure.

Known for their unrivaled prowess, these fierce warriors were among the apex of the Vollachian Empire, the Nine Divine Generals.

All three were a part of different camps, and their battle unfolded upon the stage of Chaosflame.

Vincent: [Certainly, I never thought Arakiya would join them. ――Not foreseeing her participation, was mine own error.]

Bathed in waves of heat and force that churned through the atmosphere, Vincent ran through the rough streets while carrying Subaru/Schwartz, in an attempt to get away from the battlefield.

The strongest asset that Vincent had brought with him to the Demon City was Olbart, who had no leeway to pay attention to them, laughing as he aimed for the lives of the two women.

Meanwhile, the mistress of the Demon City, Yorna, was working to fulfill her duty of nonaggressive defense.

Finally, Arakiya, who had been sent out to suppress the rebels, but had been believed to be lost in action, was――,

???: [――Vincent Vollachia!]

Vincent: [――――]

His name called out, Vincent stopped in his tracks and turned around.

Ahead of him, the owner of that voice stood motionless atop the rubble of a collapsed building. ――Oddly enough, it was a slender man with black hair adorned in red attire, just like Vincent. However, he hid his true identity with a mask that resembled the face of an Oni, and was the leader of the rebels.

This man in the oni mask, who was believed to have conspired with General First-Class Goz Ralfon and intended to take Vincent’s throne, had paid a visit at the same time as Vincent and Subaru/Schwartz had arrived in Chaosflame to inquire as to the intentions of Yorna, the Seventh.

And then, he tried to invite Yorna to become his ally in the war that he led to steal the country.

Needless to say, they could not afford for negotiations between Yorna and the man in the oni mask and his party to go well. Subaru/Schwartz and the rest had to obstruct the negotiations, and headed to the location of the discussions――,

Vincent: [What do you call yourself, you traitor?]

Masked Man: [――Abel. My current self, is Abel.]

As he confronted Vincent, the man in the oni mask―― Abel, declared his name, and the air was set alight.

The heat of the tense atmosphere between them emitted a scorching aroma, and the fighting spirit of Abel, accompanied by Arakiya, who had supposedly disappeared, caused the Demon City to collapse.

If it was the case that Yorna Mishigure, taking an uncertain position, would not declare her position in joining either the Emperor or the rebels, then the best policy was to ensure that she would not fall to the other side.

The moment that possibility passed, the battle between those transcendental beings had begun.

Vincent: [Abel…]

Vincent narrowed his eyes, and uttered the name as if to confirm it.

Having lost copious amounts of blood, Subaru/Schwartz was on the brink of losing his life; he had no way of guessing what was going through Vincent’s mind right now.

However, Abel’s other companion did not overlook that moment of hesitation.

???: [――――]

As Vincent faced Abel, a merciless assassin jumped out from behind some rubble to his rear, sneaking up on him without any sound or presence.

He aimed his axe at the neck of the motionless Vincent from behind――,

???: [――Your Excellency!!]

Just before the axe could sever Vincent’s slender neck, it was intercepted by a fierce surge of purple thorns.

The one who had raised his voice, saving the Emperor from the surprise attack, while bleeding profusely all over his body, was Kafma. Kafma, the final member of Vincent’s escorts, had put to good use the special characteristics of the Insect Cage Tribe, using the insects he had taken into his body to pursue the enemies who had attempted to commit regicide against the Emperor.

However――,

???: [OOORAAAA!!]

The enemy jumped and ducked, avoiding the extending thorny whips, and a new figure landed beside him, swinging the two longswords in his hands, cutting the thorns head-on and mowing down the threat.

They were a man wearing a bandana with an axe and a rough-looking dual-wielding swordsman with a patch over his right eye. ――Both were members of the rebels who had accompanied Abel.

Bandana Man: [――My bad, my bad.]

Rough Man: [Tch! Oi, don’t mess up your only skill!]

Bandana Man: [Saying it’s my only skill hurts, you know? But your backup saved me. Can I continue to count on you?]

Rough Man: [You’re a hopeless bastard. ――General Second-Class, Kafma Irulux. For an opponent, I can’t complain.]

The dual-wielding swordsman laughed as he cracked his neck, and the man in the bandana beside him turned his frigid eyes toward Vincent and Subaru/Schwartz. As if to block their view, a battered Kafma stood between the two enemies and Vincent.

Kafma: [Please leave this place to me! Your Excellency, take Miss Schwartz!]

Vincent: [Do not overextend yourself. Olbart’s hands are tied. There are also the eyes of the Shudraq.]

Kafma: [I understand, sir! …I will not let the lives saved by Miss Schwartz, let alone His Excellency Vincent, be scattered in vain!]

Kafma, wounded all over his body, took on his task with vigor, and so Vincent left that situation to him, and began to run.

This time, he was prepared to leave no matter what Abel said, and perhaps because he understood this, Abel did not say anything more atop the rubble. With that, the two enemies vying for the throne departed that place.

And then――,

Vincent: [――Natsuki Subaru, Stargazer of the Kingdom. If you were to die, I know not with what to fill this gap. Therefore…]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――Ugh.]

The battlefield was far off, and as he heard his ears ring loudly, yet the sound of his heartbeat grow quiet in contrast, Subaru/Schwartz saw Vincent put his hands to his own face.

As Vincent shut his eyes like that, despite his consciousness fading to white, Subaru/Schwartz suddenly realized something. ――Until now, he had never once seen Vincent close both of his eyes.

But then, those thoughts immediately vanished due to a series of strange occurrences.

Vincent: [――Mask of the Blue.]

As he murmured that, Vincent’s face peeled off before the eyes of Subaru/Schwartz.

While producing a sound that would make one wince just from hearing it, like flesh tearing off the bone, like skin tearing off from flesh, Vincent’s face peeled off.

The flayed face of Vincent, pulled off like a “mask”, slowly disintegrated in his hands and turned to dust.

Subaru: [――――]

The scene was just like a nightmare during a restless night, or a glitch in one’s brain as they were about to face Death. However, the Emperor, now stripped of his face, brought his other hand to his face and put on the next “mask”.

The next moment, Vincent’s body made a noise, his skeleton began to thin, and his height began to shrink. Not only that, but his hair color and style, that form was slowly remade――,

Subaru/Schwartz: […Ferris?]

A beat later, standing there was a distinctive face he recognized, with adorable features and cat ears, who should have been constantly attending to his lord in the Kingdom of Lugunica; it was the form of Ferris.

Subaru: [――――]

――Vincent had turned into Ferris.

Subaru/Schwartz was left speechless by that sight, which could only be described in such a manner. However, the person in question paid no heed to Subaru/Schwartz’s confusion, placing a pale hand over his wound.

Immediately after, a faint light flowed out, and the side of Subaru/Schwartz that had been blown away began to heal. ――That transcendental healing power that seemed to turn back time was unmistakably Ferris’s.

The flesh near at the opening of the wound swelled, and the restoration of his internal organs and muscle fibers commenced. The blood that had poured out did not return, but his body, being invigorated, entered a phase of blood production, and his circulation remarkably improved.

His consciousness, which should have been fading, began to steadily regain its color, and Subaru/Schwartz ――no, Natsuki Subaru, while still pretending to be a woman, reached up with his hand to the shoulder before him.

He grabbed that thin shoulder and pulled it close, and glaring at the person healing him,

Subaru: [You… Are you, Capella?]

“Ferris”: [For what reason, such doubts have arisen, I cannot fathom, but… no.]

That face and voice were Ferris’s own, and yet the language was that of Vincent. Subaru’s breath caught at that sense of incongruity and he slowly shook his head.

In the instant Ferris lowered his gaze, cracks suddenly formed across his face.

Subaru: [――Hk!]

The cracks began on the cheeks, and then expanded bit by bit, slowly damaging Ferris’s sweet face.

“Ferris”: [I shall use the stagnant Mana within you that has had no place to go. If things had continued this way, the plug would have failed and burst anyways. I shall hear no complaints.]

However, seeming to feel no pain himself, and paying Subaru’s reaction of astonishment no heed, the fake Ferris ignored the cracks on his face and continued to heal Subaru’s side.

The faint light of recovery, healed, healed, healed the wounds, and shortly――,

“Ferris”: [It is done.]

As soon as he stated that, the cracks reached the entirety of the face of the fake Ferris.

Just as the peeled face of Vincent had turned to dust before, the face of the fake Ferris also crumbled from the edges, becoming dust as well.

Although his wounds had been healed and his life had been saved, Subaru could only lie there while facing a nightmare not all that different from one that had threatened his life before.

From beneath the face of the fake Ferris that flaked away, a new face ――neither Vincent nor the fake Ferris, but instead an unknown face emerged. ――No, it was not unknown to him.

Once before, only for a brief moment, had Subaru caught a glimpse of that face.

Since he had been in the middle of a crisis, he had not questioned that optical illusion very deeply, but he had seen that face in a mirror in the Imperial Residence.

A tall figure with long white hair and white skin that seemed to have lost all of their color, while his whole body was composed of simply white, only his irises sparkled with the hue of gold. This person was――,

Pale Man: [――Chisha Gold.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Chisha: [You seem to have confused me with another individual, therefore I responded.]

A man of nothing but white appeared ――introducing himself as Chisha Gold, Subaru belatedly realized this was his answer to Subaru’s mention of Capella earlier.

That power, which allowed him to transform his appearance to someone else in front of Subaru’s very eyes, and even heal a fatal wound in the form of Ferris, was no mere imitation or disguise.

Subaru: [Wait, Chisha Gold, isn’t that one of the Nine Divine Generals…]

Chisha: [Allow me to confirm that. I have been bestowed with the rank of the Fourth, of the Nine Divine Generals, and therefore I am made to serve to the best of my meager ability as a General First-Class of the Empire.]

Subaru: […Are you, the Emperor’s body double?]

Chisha: [When emergencies arise. That said, that would not be correct in this case. The most suitable way to describe me currently, that would be――]

In front of Subaru, frozen and wide-eyed, Chisha, with his only dress still being the clothes of the Emperor, narrowed his golden eyes with an expression full of hard to read emotions, and made a declaration.

Chisha: [――Usurper of the throne of the Vollachian Empire, and rebel who mocks the Sword Wolf.]

That was truly the first meeting of Natsuki Subaru and the White Spider, Chisha Gold. ――It was the true first meeting of those two, who by all rights should have never had their destinies converge, companions who would deceive fate.

△▼△▼△▼△

Chisha explained that his power to change his form was called Noh. [2]

He said that its detailed principles were difficult to explain, but by stealing the color of a target he wanted to become and wearing the “mask” produced, he could take on their very identity itself.

Using this, Chisha had acted as the Emperor in the guise of Vincent Vollachia, and even completely healed Subaru’s wounds using the “mask” of Ferris, whom he had a previous connection with.

Hearing this explanation, for now, Subaru was simply relieved to confirm that Chisha was not the Sin Archbishop of Lust, Capella, but another thought crossed his mind.

Subaru: [If I’m not mistaken, doesn’t this mean that that Goz Ralfon person who’s being held as a rebel got in your way because he figured out you replaced the Emperor?]

Chisha: [I shall confirm that. General First-Class Goz is the most loyal and brave man in the Empire, therefore he will not listen to me no matter what I say if he knows I am against the Emperor. Thus, there was no other choice but to temporarily remove him from the board as I did.]

Subaru: [Of course, I had a feeling! No wonder, no matter how much information I gathered, I could only come to the conclusion that this Goz person wasn’t someone who would betray the Emperor. In reality, he didn’t betray him!]

Snapping his fingers, Subaru smiled in satisfaction that he was correct in his thinking. ――But after a moment of gratification, that smile faded.

After all, Chisha had clearly told Subaru. ――He was the usurper of the throne, and the mastermind of a rebellion that was causing the Vollachian Empire to fall into chaos and futility.

Subaru: […If it’s the way of the Empire that the strong preying on the weak is allowed, is challenging the Emperor, challenging Vincent Vollachia, due to your ambition as a man of the Empire?]

Chisha: [Hmm, I do wonder what you think about that. My motive, is it ambition?]

Subaru: [――. I think that’s probably incorrect.]

In the first place, if the way of the Vollachian Empire was such that by defeating Vincent with his own hands, Chisha could replace the summit of the country of the Sword Wolves, then it was a flawed system. Despite that, Chisha had taken the form of Vincent, hidden the absence of the Emperor, and maintained that situation.

There was no sense of sincerity toward a simplistic objective like usurping the throne in that.

Subaru: […Ultimately, your goal isn’t the throne… but I can’t figure out the rest.]

Chisha: [I inquire of you, is that the result of you listening to the words of Observers in the heavens above―― of the Stars?]

Subaru: [The stars? …No, I mean I like stars, but I’ve never been able to speak with them. That was just my impression based on experience and my idealistic desire.]

Chisha: [Desire, you say.]

Subaru: [Yeah, desire. The hope that the person I defended to the point of having my side blown off isn’t a complete villain, and the desire that the person who healed that blown away side isn’t a complete fiend.]

He was aware that both of those were somewhat fragile lifelines to fully depend on. But Subaru had faith that the Chisha who had saved him and even purposefully revealed top-secret information would not do something so meaningless as suddenly changing his mind and attacking him.

In response to Subaru’s convenient question, Chisha calmly lowered his chin, and,

Chisha: [In order to save the Empire from a future of ruin, I am employing the necessary means.]

Subaru: […Shouldn’t that be something you do together with the Emperor?]

Chisha: [His Excellency Vincent is an extraordinarily wise individual, however he is someone who knows not how to change his mind after he has made a decision. There is no doubt it shall be the most efficient method, and the one that shall deplete the fewest resources, therefore no one can defy His Excellency.]

Subaru: [But you… Chisha Gold, you disagree, is that right?]

Chisha: [Indeed.]

As Chisha nodded in agreement, Subaru touched his own side, and thought it over.

By saving Subaru with his trump card, Chisha had exposed his own schemes. If there was some lie or artifice there, Subaru could not maliciously doubt him. There was nothing about Subaru worth devoting that hand just to lay a trap for him.

From beginning to end, Chisha saw value in and had determined the Emperor and Empire as that which must be saved.

His actions that no one could comprehend stood upon two pillars of certainty.

Subaru: [There’s just one thing I want to confirm.]

Chisha: [If it is something I can answer, I do not mind.]

Subaru: [That Noh, it’s the power to change into another person, but is it something that can be used anytime, or any number of times?]

Chisha: [――I am afraid, I must deny that.]

Chisha informed him of this in a hushed voice, and Subaru sighed with an “I thought so.”

The “mask” of Vincent he had torn off and the “mask” of Ferris that had cracked, both had vanished in the end by turning into dust. He had a sense that it had been something that should be called a disappearance or loss, that it was not the type of ability where it could be used over and over again; somehow he had possessed that intuition.

Chisha’s goal was the existence of Vincent Vollachia.

For that purpose, Chisha, who had been wearing the “mask” of Vincent, put on the “mask” of Ferris that could heal even fatal wounds with its vast restorative power, and relinquished both “masks”.

One that was essential for that goal, and one that could become an emergency trump card, respectively.

If he had gone that far to save his life, it would be impossible for Natsuki Subaru. ――Impossible for him to not feel any sort of gratitude toward the one who did so.

Subaru: [Please, tell me more, Chisha-san.]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [I don’t believe you did something like this on a whim or for show. ――If there is a future of ruin approaching like you said, it’s not just someone else’s problem. After all, my Rem has been taken hostage in this country. I’m also someone who has a reason to do something about the Empire.]

More than aware of that unreasonable logic, Subaru declared this to Chisha.

If there was ruin on the horizon that Vincent Vollachia, renowned as the Wise Emperor, and Chisha Gold, who was clearly clever, were both trying to oppose, then surely there would be an opportunity for Subaru with his meager power to assist them. ――No, Subaru would go and seize such an opportunity with his own limbs.

That was because――,

Chisha: [――The Great Disaster.]

Subaru: [ Great Disaster … as in a large calamity?] [3]

To Subaru, who ruminated over that murmur, Chisha nodded in confirmation with a “Yes”.

A large calamity ――For a description of the apparent future of ruin awaiting the Vollachian Empire, there was probably no more suitable name.

Having said that, Chisha looked straight at Subaru and continued.

His face lacked all color, yet his voice harbored a certain fervor.

Chisha: [I shall take measures to save the Vollachian Empire from this Great Disaster. Therefore, there is a board and pieces I must set up for that purpose.]

Subaru: [I understand.]

He had decided his position. As it happened, the journey to find out where Yorna Mishigure’s heart lay now brought Subaru a similar chance to decide.

He was deeply concerned over Emilia, Beatrice, and everyone else in the Kingdom. He wanted to see everyone again soon. Even though she had no Memories, he wanted to have them all meet the awakened Rem.

However, whether he wanted to or not, he could not abandon the Vollachian Empire and Chisha.

Subaru: [There is no way I can’t, so I’ll help too. ――Bring it on, O inevitable fate.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Excuse me, Governor, could you please not make me repeat myself? This is a direct order from His Excellency the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia!]

???: [I understand your grievances. However, I have been given peremptory orders in my capacity, and am in the position of assuming the responsibility of the governor of this island. I cannot make a decision so lightly concerning an action that twists the enforced traditions.]

???: [Urghh! You rockhead! Big head! Who do you take me for!? I am the woman who will be His Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia’s Empress!]

With a big thump on his artificial chest, Natsuki Subaru―― no, having become Natsumi Schwartz once again, Subaru/Schwartz boldly spread such false information.

In front of Subaru/Schwartz, who was shamelessly using such means, was a person with such a scary face that a child remembering it during the night might be unable to get up to go to the bathroom: Gustav Morello, who had closed his mouth that his fangs protruded from and crossed his four burly arms with a stern look.

With a physique like a professional wrestler, blue skin, and more arms than the usual two, Gustav was from a race of demi-humans known as the Multi-Arm Tribe.

However, to Subaru/Schwartz, the most important thing about him was his position, which was――,

???: [――Governer of the Gladiator Island Ginunhive, Gustav Morello-dono.]

Gustav: [Correct, that is my title. I thank you for the reminder, General First-Class Chisha Gold.]

Chisha: [No, that should be my line. Or rather, I purposefully called you such because I wanted the individual I brought with me to understand.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Mmm, what do you mean by that General First-Class Chisha? Surely you, no more than a mere General, are not criticizing me, one who receives the affection of His Excellency? You are forgetting your position, no?]

Closing his fan with a snap, Subaru/Schwartz scowled at the pale face sitting across from him―― the profile of Chisha’s face, and haughtily declared so. Gustav raised his brows that lacked eyebrows at those words, but the one in question, Chisha, shrugged his shoulders with an unconcerned look, and,

Chisha: [It is criticism, I suppose. Simply put, Governor Gustav’s stance is an expression of his sincere attempt to fulfill the orders of His Excellency the Emperor… in other words, it is nothing but devotion to His Excellency whom Natsumi-sama loves and reveres. It is my humble belief that those who would not understand this would not be acting in accordance with His Excellency’s wishes.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Nnn…!]

His face turned red with anger, and Subaru/Schwartz’s lips trembled. Toward that behavior, Chisha shut one eye and looked at Gustav, seeing the Governor had clenched his hands at the ends of his crossed arms into fists, then moved them behind his back as if to hide those fists, and gave a small cough.

If one thought this was deserved, then Gustav had a surprisingly good personality. ――Subaru/Schwartz was also putting in a lot of effort, and playing the role of an unpleasant villainess was worth it.

Chisha, who was sincerely close to the hearts of the soldiers in the field, and the Empress Consort candidate who was ignorant of the realities of the field, Subaru/Schwartz. This carrot-and-stick (Subaru/Schwartz) strategy was necessary to put a stop to the steady expansion of the rebel’s might and increase the odds of the Emperor’s side winning.

――It had been some time since Subaru and Chisha united under an alliance to oppose the Great Disaster.

The strife in the Demon City of Chaosflame had subsided, and Olbart and Kafma had somehow managed to survive. Arakiya and the two men led by Abel also withdrew, and the battle ended in a draw.

However, Yorna Mishigure, with her stronghold in Chaosflame, announced her intention to take neither the Emperor’s nor the rebel’s side, and elected to erect defensive lines around the crumbling Demon City and seclude herself there.

In the end, part of Subaru’s abdomen had been blown off and Chisha had lost the “mask” of Vincent that had been essential to his plans; it could be said that all had been in vain.

Subaru: [To make matters worse, Berstetz-san had Madelyn-chan assault a place called the Fortress City without permission…If Berstetz-san knows that Chisha-san’s disguised as the Emperor, shouldn’t you be more in sync with each other?]

Chisha: [Unfortunately, while I am in agreement with Prime Minister Berstetz on our course of action, there are issues we are fundamentally incompatible on. Ultimately, that elder is nothing more than a Sword Wolf of the Empire, and therefore there is a risk that our final conclusions shall clash in the end. As such…]

Subaru: [Might as well ignore it until there’s a conflict at the very last minute and continue as usual?]

Chisha: [Currently, we are busy handling the growing momentum of the rebels. For now, I think we can assume Prime Minister Berstetz shall have no room to take notice of you or me.]

Chisha’s opinion could be called wishful thinking in such a hopeless situation.

Berstetz, who was surprisingly quite hot-blooded despite his appearance and demeanor, had commenced an assault upon the rebel stronghold in the Fortress City the minute he had heard of the turmoil in Chaosflame.

The Fortress City was almost annihilated by a one-sided aerial onslaught by a flock of flying dragons commanded by Madelyn. There were also rumors that the insurgents had abandoned their base and scattered, but the one who brought them together, Abel―― the true Emperor, according to Chisha, would not be defeated so easily.

Abel and his allies spread rumors that the Emperor in the Imperial Capital was a fraud, throwing the public opinion into chaos. The best way to deny this was none other than to have Vincent Vollachia appear before the masses, but Chisha, who had lost the “mask” of the Emperor, could not do so.

As such, they could only respond to the situation by denying the rumors of the rebels with words and arresting those spreading such rumors as a way to deal with it.

In addition, the difference in military strength between the Imperial Army and the rebels was becoming a bit of a problem.

Chisha: [Even though he managed to survive, I anticipate it shall be some time before General Second-Class Kafma will return to the front lines. General First-Class Olbart also lost one of his arms, and failing to ally ourselves with General First-Class Yorna was a serious blow.]

Subaru: [Olbart-san, huh…]

Chisha: [I do not believe you need to wear such a gloomy face. Without your quick wit and advice, it is very likely that General First-Class Olbart would have lost more than a single arm, and General Second-Class Kafma would have lost his life. If the two of them had fallen, I am not sure we would have returned safely.]

Chisha consoled Subaru, whose face had become depressed, but his complicated feelings remained. In the unexpected struggle of life and death at Chaosflame, he had gotten mixed up in a battle between transcendent beings who did not know the meaning of restraint, and had ended up accumulating many Return by Deaths.

The most shocking occurrence of all, was that Olbart, the man called the Third who was supposed to be ranked number three in the Empire, had lost his life on several occasions from surprise attacks in the middle of the battle with Arakiya. Similar predicaments had befallen Kafma, and Subaru had attempted to prevent it over and over again.

Subaru: [Each and every time, that bandana bastard…]

Often it was Arakiya’s strike that took Olbart or Kafma’s life in the end. And yet, it was always that bandana bastard who made the decisive blow that created those situations.

The reason he could only call him names that sounded like insults was because despite repeatedly Returning by Death and clashing with him, he had been that thorough in not disclosing any information about himself. The bandana bastard had never let his name be called out, even by the rough-looking twin-sword wielder who seemed to be his partner.

In all honesty, he was shocked that Arakiya, who he had considered someone he was indebted to, had turned against them, and he could not conceal the shivers of fear he felt when he thought of her dreadful power as the second strongest in the Empire.

And yet, strangely enough, Subaru was more afraid of that bandana bastard than Arakiya.

A man with total murderous intent and eyes so lacking in warmth it was creepy―― where could the Emperor, chased from his throne by Chisha and reduced to a rebel, have found such a man and enticed him into supporting him.

In any case――,

Chisha: [Simply Arakiya alone as an enemy, would be liable to nullify numerical advantages on the battlefield.]

Subaru: [What nonsense… is of course what I wouldn’t say after seeing the battle in Chaosflame. Such absurd power, how in the world did Arakiya-chan…?]

Chisha: [I can only say that such is her lineage, however, her title as the Second is not merely for show. In addition, although there is not much information to go on, it appears the rebels have received strong reinforcements.]

Subaru: [Arakiya-chan alone was already way too much of a problem, and yet… Hey, isn’t there too much resentment toward Emperor Vincent-san? Will it be okay to return his throne to him?]

Chisha: [I calculate that I will be able to balance things out in the end.]

He would like to believe it since that calculating Chisha said so, but why did he keep dodging Subaru’s questions regarding the Emperor’s humanity?

If the conduct and speech of Chisha when he was wearing the “mask” of the Emperor were the conduct and speech of the actual Emperor himself, it was easy to understand the reasons why he was reluctant to speak about it. Perhaps Vincent Vollachia was such a brilliant man that mere words cannot do him justice. Those beneath him sure had it rough.

Subaru: [So, what do we do? We could put out some kind of cool announcement, to focus the soldiers and prevent betrayal… Or maybe we should just try telling the imprisoned Goz-san everything?]

Chisha: [There is a strong element of a gamble in that. Nonetheless, coming up with countermeasures for Arakiya is troubling.]

Subaru: [A brave soul who can contain Arakiya, huh? By the way, Chisha-san, you’re also one of the Nine Divine Generals, but your abilities are…]

Chisha: [I have some experience, but if I faced Arakiya, I would be dust within seconds despite that.]

Subaru: [It’s obvious you’re the resourceful type . As expected… Though, thinking of the Nine Divine Generals, what’s going on with the other Nine Divine Generals besides Yorna-san who aren’t in the Imperial Capital and aren’t cooperating with Abel’s side?]

Suddenly, Subaru became interested in what the positions of the Nine Divine Generals were in the first place, and tilted his head.

They were called the Nine Divine Generals, so naturally there were nine individuals in total. There were a few exceptions among the Generals such as Kafma, but generally only a General First-Class could face another General-First Class on equal footing. Each and every one of them were transcendent beings equivalent to a thousand warriors, and so if discussing a countermeasure for Arakiya, one should start from within their ranks.

Chisha: [The Ninth, Madelyn Eschart, is under Prime Minister Berstetz. The Eighth, Moguro Hagane, is unable to leave the defenses of the Imperial Capital for certain reasons. The Seventh, Yorna Mishigure, is holed up in the Demon City, and the Sixth, Groovy Gumlet, is part of an expedition to the west to deal with some important matters.]

Subaru: [And then, the Fifth, Goz Ralfon-san, is a prisoner on false charges, the Fourth, Chisha Gold-san, is an insurrectionist, and the Third, Olbart Dunkelkenn-san, is injured. The Second, Arakiya-chan, is out of our control after betraying us… Huh? What about the First?]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [The First hasn’t come up much now that I mention it. If I’m not mistaken it was, umm, Cecilus Segmunt-san?]

Chisha: [Regarding the subject of Cecilus, well, it is fine.]

Subaru: [It most certainly isn’t! I mean, if we’re talking about stopping Arakiya-chan, it’d be strange if his name didn’t come up immediately, right!? Pit the First against the Second! I’ve pitted “the strongest” against “the invincible” before! I’m very knowledgeable about it!]

Wondering why he had not thought of it before, Subaru was struck by what might have been the good idea of all good ideas.

At the very least, no rumors that the foremost of the Empire had betrayed Chisha as the Emperor or joined Abel’s rebellion had reached Subaru’s ears.

Then he must exist. The strongest of the Empire, the Blue Lightning of Vollachia.

Subaru: [I’ve heard he’s a bit of a problem child, but it’s a risk we should be prepared for if we want to contain Arakiya-chan…]

Chisha: [A bit? Problem child? I cannot accept that sort of perception toward that thing.]

Subaru: [That thing? Umm? Chisha-san?]

Wondering what aspect of Subaru’s thoughts Chisha could not stomach, Subaru’s eyes glazed over as Chisha continued despite the break in his sentences. Chisha suddenly leaned in close, unmistakable hardship and anguish bleeding from his thin face devoid of all color, and,

Chisha: [I would love to hear about the “bit of a problem” Natsuki-dono has heard of, given  how much effort I have made to this day to restrain Cecilus in his role as General First-Class.]

Subaru: [Yikes, I flipped a strange switch ! I’m sorry, I’m sorry! It was an outsider’s opinion!]

Chisha: [No, seeing that we have already opened up our hearts to each other, you and I are in the same boat now, Natsuki-dono. I would say that it is inevitable that we will have to reconcile our perceptions of each other. Well then, let us start with myself. The amount of stories I should tell of Cecilus numbers far more than I could count using all my hands and feet twice over, however――]

Subaru: [ Help ! Heeelp !!]

――Then, despite being drowned by a waterfall of the various emotions Chisha held toward Cecilus, sure enough, Subaru ultimately came to the conclusion that he was necessary.

Afterwards, Subaru and Chisha devised a plan, announced that Vincent Vollachia, who could no longer make appearances in public, had fallen ill, and left Berstetz to deal with the imperial citizens’ reactions as they heated up into absurd arguments such as  “one who collapses during a civil war lacks the qualifications of an Emperor” and “If a disease was what brought down the Emperor, then is the disease supposed to inherit the throne?”, and ran off to various places.

Subaru: [Rem! Was everything okay while I was gone? No injuries or inconveniences or anything? It’s really frustrating that I can’t take you with me, but if there is anything, please don’t hide it and talk to me. Is there anything you’d like to tell me now while you can?]

Rem: [You came back really suddenly, what happened? To begin with, you should already be finished with that errand, so why are you still in women’s clothes?]

Subaru: [The situation of it being problematic if it’s known that I’m involved in the Empire’s quarrels is still ongoing, so it’s inevitable that Natsumi Schwartz would return to the stage. It’s a necessity.]

Rem: [――. ――――. ――――――――. Is that so?]

Subaru: [That pause seems to imply you don’t understand!]

Rem: [It’s nothing. Anyways, more than anything I’m glad you’re safe.]

Subaru: [Oh! Well, half my stomach was blown off and I almost died, but…]

Rem: [Ha?]

Louis: [Uau!]

Of course, it was critical that he made sure to check in with Rem and confirm there had been no changes in her condition when he returned to the Imperial Capital.

Although there was still some numbness in her legs, Rem seemed to have reached a point where she could move around quite well, and she showed her innate caring nature doing as she pleased at Berstetz’s mansion. Subaru’s heart was filled to the brim with warmth as he saw glimpses of Rem despite her lack of Memories.

However, it was vexing that Louis was still scampering around as usual.

Rem: [Speaking of, this Natsumi Schwartz…]

Subaru: [Ah. Huh, what is it, what is it? Do you have something to say about Natsumi Schwartz? Like she’s cute or something?]

Rem: [Incorrect… I happened to hear a rumor. That is, something like, you becoming the Empress Consort.]

Subaru: [Oh that? Rather than becoming, we’re spreading rumors that it seems like I’ll become that. It’s part of the strategy. For various reasons, it’s hard for His Excellency the Emperor to act, so I will be his representative… or more accurately, something like his representative’s representative.]

Rem: [――. Isn’t that dangerous?]

Subaru: [I’m not saying there isn’t danger. Still, for outsiders like me and you, Rem, the Empire has always been a lion’s den whether we jump in or not. In order to brazenly escape from this lion’s den, I will face any danger. If at all possible, fight in the way that gives the greatest chance of victory!]

Rem: [So your way of fighting with the greatest chance of victory is crossdressing?]

Subaru: [Indeed… Huh, isn’t it cute?]

Rem: [――. ――――. ――――――――. Please take this seriously.]

Receiving that support from Rem, Subaru/Schwartz headed out on a pilgrimage to secure military forces.

The purpose of the journey was to pacify and inspire the troops garrisoned all over, and Natsumi Schwartz, the candidate to become Empress Consort of the Wise Emperor, who up until now had never taken a single wife, was paramount.

His behaviour was brimming with confidence, he declared himself the representative of the Emperor, and to assuage any lack of persuasiveness, since he was accompanied by Chisha Gold of the Nine Divine Generals, it was sufficient.

And with everything going smoothly, Subaru/Schwartz and Chisha headed to their destination――,

???: [――Oya oya oya, it’s rare for a guest from the outside to pay me a visit! I don’t believe I’ve yet to properly participate in one of the island’s performances, but nevertheless, rumors must have already spread, that’s me for you! After all, it’s hard to keep the brilliance of the starring actor of this world hidden!]

Indeed, upon the Gladiator Island, they ended up coming face to face with Cecilus Segmunt, a boy who chattered louder than a lit firecracker―― and with a more youthful appearance than rumored.

Chisha was quite opposed to calling upon Cecilus as a means to compensate for their lack of a decisive blow, but there are no replacements for those that are called the strongest existences.

Thus, Subaru/Schwartz was eager to implore Cecilus to join the swing of the sword to defend against the Great Disaster that would befall the Empire, and then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Well, well, well, what a big event! Those far away, heed my voice!! Those near, come see for yourself! It’s the debut of the leading actor, Cecilus Segmunt!!]

The wind howled thunderously, and an unarmed Cecilus made a cheerful display, standing upon the island side of the drawbridge that connected the island and the mainland. ――He was facing the mass of black shadows that were descending upon the Gladiator Island.

Knowing in the very core of his being just what kind of existence it was and just how dangerous it was, Subaru/Schwartz could only gasp and be overwhelmed by Cecilus’s composure on stage.

――Cecilus Segmunt, the First of the Nine Divine Generals; the plan to extract him from the Gladiator Island had become exceedingly more difficult.

Gustav Morello, the governor entrusted with the management of the island, was unusually stubborn and inflexible, and he had adamantly refused to agree to the appeals of Subaru/Schwartz, who had been accompanied by the embodiment of persuasiveness that was Chisha.

He had been ordered by the real Vincent to not let the island’s criminals ――that is, the Gladiators, leave the island, and so he still displayed resistance to the proper procedures, causing trouble for Subaru/Schwartz and Chisha.

The “curse rule” that brought an end to any Gladiator that attempted to forcefully leave the island was particularly troublesome.

Transmitted by a Curse Tool possessed by Gustav, that cursed law had the entire island within its range, and it was applied to Subaru/Schwartz and his companions who had stepped foot on the island without knowing, preventing escape.

As a result, Subaru/Schwartz ended up being forced to face numerous unforeseen struggles, but the predicaments on the Gladiator Island did not end at Gustav.

The objective, Cecilus Segmunt, was also a difficult person that wouldn’t cooperate so easily.

Cecilus: [It’s surprising, but I don’t consider freedom to be unconditionally good. People have the freedom to draw pictures or compose words upon paper without constraints, but the likelihood of that which is put on paper carelessly or without thought becoming a masterpiece of literature or art is exceedingly low. Every masterpiece requires passion and a unified direction.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Stuff like client demands and delivery deadlines?]

Cecilus: [I like that. When I converse with Empress Consort Candidate-sama, my inspiration is violently stirred by your unfamiliar words and it raises my mood! And perhaps what Empress Consort Candidate-sama says is correct! They are necessary for stories. A destination to aim for.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [If so, then alongside us…]

Cecilus: [I’m still unable to determine if I can do so alongside Empress Consort Candidate-sama! After all, I’m a leading actor in great demand… for even now, the many words of support from the ladies and gentlemen who continue to have great expectations for my success are striking my heart like raindrops!]

Thus, despite seeming to lend an ear to Subaru/Schwartz’s persuasion, he was not about to lend his support.

Cecilus was one or two sizes smaller than he had heard, but the part of him at his core that was difficult to deal with seemed to be alive and well, and a pain rivaling even Gustav lay there.

Even so, Subaru/Schwartz, together with Chisha, had struggled to overcome Gustav and Cecilus, the two greatest obstacles to conquering the Gladiator Island.

And then, after all of that――,

???: [――Is that… the Witch?]

As the surging waves of the billowing lake crashed down and Cecilus bathed in the spray, behind him, Gustav watched the shadows alongside Subaru/Schwartz and let out those words in a voice stifled with astonishment.

The Witch, indeed, it was the Witch. With unparalleled strength, it was an unmanageable threat of the most formidable class―― that was what had emerged at the Gladiator Island, and now stood in the way of Subaru/Schwartz and everyone else.

As Cecilus laughed, Subaru/Schwartz and Gustav trembled.

And finally, Chisha collapsed in Subaru/Schwartz’s arms, tears of blood spilling down his face while showing the most pained expression he had made until now―― just moments before, the White Spider had donned the “mask” of Subaru/Schwartz.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Don’t tell me, could it be because you wore my “mask”?]

The Witch of Envy had long forbidden Subaru from revealing Return by Death.

Knowing the horror of the penalty that came when he transgressed this taboo, Subaru had abandoned disclosing Return by Death and worked hard to prevent the victims of his Authority from expanding beyond himself.

It had never even occurred to him that the same taboo would be applied to Chisha wearing his “mask”.

Chisha: [――Hk.]

Strictly speaking, Chisha, who was shedding tears of blood, had not worn Subaru’s “mask”. He had attempted to wear it, but the moment he had activated Noh, it had rejected Chisha and the “mask” had shattered into pieces.

However, the Witch was not so forgiving that she would turn a blind eye due to a failed attempt. When he came to, the color of the sky had changed, an ominous wind had begun to blow, and the world had started to come apart.

And like that, the Witch slowly arrived at the island as a herald of the end――,

Cecilus: [The world is vast, magnificent, and full of the unexpected. ――It’s getting entertaining now, isn’t it, everyone?]

Cecilus boldly declared so in a voice devoid of even a tinge of bravado or pretense to Subaru/Schwartz, whose body was being pummeled from the inside by his furiously pounding heart.

This predicament, his distress, the demise drawing ever close at hand; Cecilus Segmunt greeted it all with a laugh. That made Subaru/Schwartz’s heart tremble. ――Whether that was out of horror or perhaps an impulse closer to admiration, he could not even make such a distinction.

Chisha: [This threat, there is no mistaking it… however, there appear to be… slight fluctuations…]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Chisha-san!]

Chisha: [I am most embarrassed to frighten you so…  I would also like to avoid being looked down upon by Cecilus when he is that size.]

This was grumbled in a tone that was clearly full of bravado and pretense, and supported by Subaru/Schwartz, Chisha sat up and got on his feet.

Wiping away his bloody tears with a finger, leaving behind traces of blood on his white face, Chisha slapped Gustav, who was standing motionless, on the back, bringing the Governor of the Gladiator Island to his senses.

Gustav: [General First-Class, Chisha Gold… In my capacity…]

Chisha: [There must be a role that none but you can play. What is it that His Excellency Vincent Vollachia has ordered of you?]

Gustav: [That――]

Chisha: [We are here. ――Fulfill your duty, Gustav Morello!]

Gustav caught his breath at that forceful statement, his fanged mouth stiffened, and then he turned and rushed resolutely toward the center of the island.

Upon the Gladiator Island, there were many Gladiators alongside those who managed them. Gustav was the only one who could mobilize everyone appropriately to prevent them from being harmed.

And then――,

Chisha: [Might I suggest that you also withdraw to a safe location?]

Subaru/Schwartz: [A safe location… Where could I find that on this island?]

Shaking his head at Chisha’s proposition, Subaru/Schwartz also rose to his feet and responded.

As if sucking up the dark water of the lake, the Witch’s shadows swelled to the size of a small mountain and approached, so formidable that it threatened to engulf everything, no matter where one was on the island.

This penalty for violating the taboo, was it a similar development to when she had swallowed everything, upon his disclosure of Return by Death to Echidna in the Tomb of the Sanctuary? On that occasion, if he had not had Petra’s handkerchief that Echidna had implanted with light, he would have been in a predicament where even suicide would not have been possible.

However, at this very moment――,

Subaru/Schwartz: [If it will be the same no matter where I go, I will see it through. ――No matter how many times it takes.]

Chisha: [A baffling way of putting it, but it is marvelous the impact it has.]

Holding his own elbow, Subaru/Schwartz resolved to not move from that spot.

In truth, there was no escape. And if those who held the strength to oppose the Witch were unable to completely resist her, then Subaru/Schwartz would simply create an opportunity and prepare a way to break out of the situation.

Before Subaru/Schwartz, who was resigned to Return by Death, Chisha stepped forward, standing alongside the blue-haired youth at the front line, and――,

Cecilus: [The long-awaited climax, the grand stage, in the spotlight! Can I expect that your resolve is set if at this moment of truth, you’re standing alongside me, the flash of lightning that illuminates the world?]

Chisha: [Even when you are this size, your prattling does not shrink too… What resolve?]

Cecilus: [Hahaha, I don’t care whether you lie! Haven’t you been avoiding me since you came to the Gladiator Island? Empress Consort Candidate-sama tried all sorts of tricks and wiles to woo me, but you drew my interest by not interacting with me! I don’t know whether that was intentional or not! With that premise, I can’t help but have expectations when it comes to this situation!]

Chisha: [Expectations. ――Hearing you say that, I feel revolted.]

Having assumed his young form, Cecilus had completely forgotten his connection to Chisha. Chisha accepted this fact as if he expected it, and was likely intimately involved in Cecilus’s current condition.

While thinking about that matter, Subaru/Schwartz also thought this of the two standing side-by-side:

Subaru/Schwartz: […Dependable.]

――This was the sight that Vincent Vollachia had seen.

No matter how formidable an enemy stood before them, if Chisha and Cecilus stood together before oneself, therein lay the confidence to believe that those two would crush them, force them to yield, and clear a path forward.

In front of Subaru/Schwartz, who was convinced by his heartbeat within, Chisha made the first move.

Slowly, Chisha brought his hand up to his own pale face, and put on a “mask”――

Chisha: [――Mask of the Lightning.]

His bones creaked loudly, as his constitution, the thickness of his flesh, and the structure of his body all began to change.

While seeing this grotesque Noh transformation of sorts before his eyes, Subaru/Schwartz had the transformation sequence of a hero of justice in his head.

It was undoubtedly a transformation sequence, in the sense that it created anticipation of what was to come. And when that transformation sequence ended, what was there was――,

Cecilus: [Oh, oh, oh! Well well, such a handsome young man, I couldn’t help but be captivated! For some reason, it has the flavor of the appearance of someone I recognize, but what’s this?]

Chisha: [I am impressed by your unwavering thoughts.]

Next to Cecilus, who had raised his voice, there stood Chisha, who had changed appearance to that of a young man with long blue hair. Standing behind them, Subaru/Schwartz knew who it was with a single glance, thanks to the object of comparison being next to him.

――Reproduced via Noh, this was the original form of Cecilus Segmunt. This was the presence of the Blue Lightning, the strongest of Vollachia, before he shrunk.

Chisha: [We shall attack the seams. Can you keep up?]

Cecilus: [Oh hoh, you took the words right out of my mouth! Don’t believe that you’ll be able to leave me behind just because you happen to have a beautiful face that catches eyes and etches itself into your mind. The Empress Consort candidate too, don’t even blink!]

Responding to the provocation by Chisha in his own true form, and while briefly showing consideration to Subaru/Schwartz with the final words at the end, Cecilus poked the ground of the island with his zori . [4]

Beside him, Chisha made the same gesture―― Two Cecilus’s, big and small, exchanged glances, and in an instant, two bolts of lightning arced in a flash across the island and launched at the incompletely manifested Witch.

It was undoubtedly a legendary scene worthy of being majestically narrated at length in an illustrated story.

It was a once-in-a-lifetime, truly eerie and wondrous performance upon a grand stage, where two surging bolts of lightning clashed against a specter of black shadows.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――I suppose the proper clash shall begin tomorrow.]

Chisha muttered while holding a sake cup, admiring the gleaming Crystal Palace from the balcony of the Imperial Residence.

Illuminated by the light of the night, the beautiful, dazzling rays danced upon the castle in the distance. Subaru also held a sake cup in his hand―― though its contents were milk, he stood next to Chisha, saying “I see…” with a sigh.

Chisha: [――――]

An awkward silence fell, and Subaru struggled to hold back the complicated emotions in his chest. However, to the extent one could somehow do so with superficial effort, this struggle was not a foe that could be so easily overcome.

Ever since Chaosflame, where he had saved Chisha and been saved by Chisha in turn, then made the decision to take his hand and support his aims, thus becoming involved with the affairs of the Empire, there had always been a lingering unease that would not fade; it was precisely this sort of troublesome foe, one that continued to force Subaru to reexamine himself.

Next to Subaru, who was fighting a battle of attrition with that troublesome foe, Chisha brought his sake cup to his mouth, his tongue moistened with alcohol, and called out, “Natsuki-dono,”

Chisha: [You have helped me quite a bit. Once again allow me to convey my gratitude.]

Subaru: [Oioi, you’re being sentimental . Someone saying stuff like that before a battle like they’re putting their affairs in order, may very well tip a flag that they’re gonna mess up at a crucial moment.]

Chisha: [A flag … Would that be like what Cecilus calls “foreshadowing”? ]

Subaru: [Yeah yeah, like Ceci.]

Cecilus’s characteristic way of wording things was difficult to understand, but when deciphered, Subaru found there was a lot to be impressed by in how he perceived the true nature of things and how his way of thinking got to the heart of matters.

Even if it was an imperfect manifestation, Cecilus had repelled the Witch who assailed the Gladiator Island along with Chisha, and had exclaimed, “My long-awaited grand performance!” as he cheerfully left the island, and for better or worse had been waiting in the Imperial Capital for his turn on stage without a care in the world.

The specific particulars on how Cecilus had gained a young form were unclear to him, but if even things such as his ways of thinking or feeling had also been made young, Subaru wondered if it might be the case that when he one day returned to his original form, he might lose his current vibrant sensibilities. If that was the case, he thought that would be regrettable.

Chisha: [Do not worry yourself, I suppose Cecilus has always been that way.]

Subaru: [No kidding. Then I’m… well I can’t say I’m relieved, since I’ll be worried in the opposite sense. The First, Ceci is like that, the Second, Arakiya-chan is how she is, Vollachia sure managed to keep running, huh?]

Chisha: [All of that is due to His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia’s management. ――Consequently, I am not confident in the success of this endeavor. In truth, I suppose it has been riddled with unforeseen occurrences.]

Subaru: [Like my appearance.]

Chisha: [You said it yourself.]

The corners of his mouth relaxed, and Chisha gave a small chuckle at Subaru’s words.

Talking about unforeseen circumstances, Subaru would not lose out to Chisha. From the beginning, since they were sent to the Vollachian Empire, not a single thing had gone as expected.

Subaru: [If I had to say anything, it’s that Natsumi Schwartz’s existence has been proven to the Empire after the Kingdom, I guess.]

Chisha: […I do not believe I possess the qualification to say this after so thoroughly using it, but I do doubt whether you learned those skills in the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [Ahh, the level-up of my skills was developed in Lugunica, but I acquired those skills elsewhere. In my hometown, beyond the so-called Great Waterfall… Oops. Beako kept getting upset with me, saying that putting it like that would cause misunderstandings, but I did it again.]

Chisha: [Beyond the Great Waterfall. ――I see, I understand now.]

Subaru felt his fingers tremble from a lack of Beatromin, and beside him Chisha nodded as if he was impressed in some way by what he had said. Based on the flow of the conversation, it wasn’t regarding Subaru/Schwartz, but rather the topic after that. ――It was probably about the Great Waterfall.

Chisha: [All along, I have held some doubts. As a citizen of the Kingdom, it was natural that your values differed from ours in the Empire, Natsuki-dono, but even so, the divergence was too large.]

Subaru: [The divergence was… too large?]

Chisha: [To speak bluntly, you overvalue the worth of lives. ――Or, to be more precise, I suppose I should say the worth of other people’s lives.]

Subaru blinked as Chisha spoke those words while he traced his own slender jaw with a finger.

The worth of lives, of course such a thing would have great significance. Everyone had but a single life. There may be exceptions, but setting those exceptions aside, that was an absolute truth.

And it was for that reason, he wished that no opportunities would be stolen from any lives.

Subaru: [Even you, Chisha-san, saved me in Chaosflame, you know? Back then, thanks to you tearing off the “mask” of the Emperor and donning Ferris’s, you linked together the unforeseen circumstances of unforeseen circumstances.]

Chisha: [That was simply due to the fact that there was merit in using you, Natsuki-dono. If I were to speak using my own standards of value, it was simply that the loss of allowing you to die there felt far greater. However, you do not see things in such terms of advantages and disadvantages. I suppose the reason for this is the sense of values at your core.]

Subaru: […I get that things like the soil and water you grew up with can change how you view the world. Since I hate the Empire.]

Chisha: [Haha, you say it so clearly it is almost refreshing.]

Subaru: [I hate the Empire. I hate it, but I can’t bring myself to completely hate everyone on that soil. That’s the sort of standards of value I have, though.]

That was not a particularly special mindset, or at least Subaru did not think so.

Of course, Subaru was well aware that his ideals were naive compared to the values of the Kingdom of Lugunica, much less the values of the fierce and harsh Vollachian Empire. Even after living in another world for over a year, he did not feel like he would ever get used to the exchange of lives.

To a certain extent, he accepted that it was inevitable that this would be used as a reason for disappointment. On the other hand, when used as a reason for praise, he couldn’t help but think it was not such a big deal.

Subaru: [First of all, you believe me, Chisha-san? That I came from beyond the Great Waterfall?]

Chisha: [Words I have never seen nor heard before, your way of thinking, some skills, and those values. A Witch Cultist who managed to learn social skills while being raised in a senseless environment―― Well, if I had to use such a dreadful description, I would more easily preserve the tranquility of my heart by saying they were a visitor from beyond the Great Waterfall.]

Subaru: [Seriously? Is it information that, If you don’t convince yourself to that level , you can’t balance the scales?… I should’ve taken Beako more seriously…]

For Chisha, it was apparently a story on the level of him only believing it because it was preferable to Subaru being a Witch Cultist.

Even the Emilia Camp tended to be the type to more or less let Subaru’s history go in one ear and out the other, so he was grateful that Chisha believed him, even if it was through dubious logic, but from now on, he intended to be much more careful in how he broached such subjects.

Subaru: [I’m sure glad we had this talk before I carelessly reminisced about my past with Rem. I’ve been slowly building just a bit of momentum, but my favorability almost crashed again. Even though I’m already at rock bottom.]

Chisha: [It has been oddly low up to now.]

Rem’s feelings fluctuated and were hard to evaluate, and Chisha’s comment was sympathetic to that.

Over the course of opening up to each other, he had told Chisha that Rem had become a victim of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, and as a result had forgotten her connection with Subaru.

Though, now that he thought about how the previous conversation regarding his connection to the Great Waterfall had been received, there was also the possibility Chisha had only believed this since it was preferable to Subaru being an evil stalker with a complicated attachment to Rem.

Chisha: [Originally, I had had no intention of recalling Cecilus.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Subaru’s eyes widened as he was caught off guard by the atmosphere of the sudden change in the flow of the conversation.

When he looked, Chisha had placed his sake cup on the railing of the balcony, and while opening and closing his now vacant hand, with his golden eyes he gazed upon the Crystal Palace―― no, the very Imperial Capital itself.

Given the change in atmosphere, Subaru also set down his cup and looked out upon the same scene.

Chisha: [As you may have already grasped, I changed him into that youthful form with my Noh. It was for good reason that I sent him to the Gladiator Island like that. And that, along with everything else was――]

Subaru: [To prepare for the coming Great Disaster, right? I don’t get what you stood to gain from shrinking Ceci and tossing him onto an island, but… Ah, wait, maybe, was it the same as with Goz-san?]

Chisha: [You are not far from the mark, thus I shall leave it at that. After all, no one can stand on the same level as Cecilus Segmunt. ――Aside from the Sword Saint and the Admirer and such.]

Subaru: […Your name is coming up even here, you are truly worldwide , Reinhard.]

As a matter of fact, Subaru had seen with his own eyes that Cecilus’s strength was something that deviated from the norm.

During the battle against the Witch that had unfolded, the true value of the Blue Lightning had certainly been demonstrated. ――However, it had not been the young Cecilus himself who had demonstrated this, but rather Chisha, having donned that “mask” and played the role of an adult Cecilus.

To Subaru’s eyes, as one who had seen Reinhard’s transcendent combat up close twice before, he certainly believed that the ability of the adult Cecilus could be placed in the same realm of the transcendent.

However――,

Subaru: [If we’re only talking about strength, then sure, but there are more qualifications beyond just that necessary to stand alongside him.]

Chisha: [――. What do you mean by those words?]

Subaru: [Well, when Chisha-san and Ceci challenged that huge shadow on Ginunhive, it might have just been due to me having the heroine mentality of Natsumi Schwartz, but I could feel it. ――That these two, standing side-by-side, are the strongest of the Empire.]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [I’m not just saying this because you had transformed into an adult Ceci, Chisha-san, got it? The dependability I felt then wasn’t that sort of thing. It’s like, the reason you win isn’t just because you’re strong, that sort of perspective is completely different… I can’t put it into words very well!]

Scratching his head, Subaru searched for a way to convey the passion of that moment.

Unlike just being strong because they were strong, and also unlike equating them because they were both the same strength, it was more like one plus one not equalling two, but some much greater number; it was that sort of extraordinary feeling.

Subaru: [Honestly, you’ve been so selfish. Even supposing he found out Chisha-san’s true intentions, His Excellency the Emperor might get so upset he would never forgive you. For my part, I believe Emperor Vincent is a lucky man though.]

Chisha: [His Excellency is a lucky man, you say? On that, I suppose we agree.]

Subaru: [Oh, not being humble about that?]

Chisha: [An accurate grasp of the capabilities of others, not to mention my own, is an essential measure of my role in the Empire. Above all, those who do not intend to make their true strength known shall only be devoured in this land of Sword Wolves.]

Subaru: [A society of super-efficiency, a super-meritocracy, a principle of super-competitiveness… I get it, but I have a bit of hope that Vollachia isn’t a place only defined by that.]

Saying that, Subaru spun around and leaned his back against the railing, looking up at the night sky.

The Imperial Capital of Lupugana was modeled as a star-shaped fortress, with the shimmering Crystal Palace placed at its north, and a sky full of stars that sparkled above. Subaru squinted at those stars, whose names he did not know.

He did not know their names, these stars he did not recognize or have any connection with, this starry sky that by all rights he should never have seen, yet they seemed to him to be exactly the same as people he had met in Vollachia.

Subaru: [Berstetz-san is surprisingly passionate. You evaluated him as an ultra-imperialist, Chisha-san, but I think he’s a passionate person. Probably the type that secretly treasures promises and such. Madelyn-chan doesn’t often open up her heart to me, but I think she’s quite caring. I think it was good to have someone by her side. I get the sense that she’s kind of lost on what to do with such compassion, I guess?]

Chisha: [Well, well, I feel like that is somewhat too soft of a viewpoint… However, you have me quite intrigued, so I suppose I would like to hear more.]

Subaru: [It’s nothing outrageous. Even after losing one of his arms, Olbart-san hasn’t shown even a bit of tragic heroism, probably due to the wisdom of his years. He may act viciously, but it seems like he has a surprising amount of compassion for young people. I haven’t had the chance to properly chat with Mogurocchi yet, but truthfully I have high expectations that he might be the most honest person in the Empire.]

After accompanying them to Chaosflame, Olbart seemed to have taken his feelings of guilt into consideration, wondering if he could attach a weapon where his lost arm had been. Since Subaru was constantly outside the city, he had had little contact with Moguro, who was in charge of guarding the Crystal Palace, but he was caring in a particularly quiet way, and often worried about Arakiya, who had left their side, and Goz, who was imprisoned.

Subaru: [As for Kafma-san, ever since the healing magic Rem remembered how to use worked on him, he’s become Rem’s biggest fan, which is honestly hilarious. But, given how much I’m running about, I’m grateful that there are those like Madelyn-chan who care about Rem. And, as for Ubilk… ah, well, how can I put it? He acts as a lubricant for the organization…]

Chisha: [If you cannot think of anything, I do not believe you should have to search for any good points in vain.]

Subaru: [Well, Ceci is Ceci, so I’ll skip that… And then there’s you, Chisha-san.]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [It’s been one thing after another since I was sent to the Empire, but Chisha-san was always saving me… Or manipulating me? I was forced to go along with it…]

Chisha: [Wherever you fall on the matter, you shall not get any regret from me.]

Chisha stated so with a sigh toward Subaru, who was still uncertain in his evaluation.

Putting any manipulation or forced accompaniment aside, even the evaluation that he had been saved was deemed as vexing; Chisha Gold just had that sort of hard-to-please disposition.

However, that too, was a part of the partner whom he had spent so long with in such a short time.

Subaru: [For better or worse, you’ve been involved in eighty percent of my events in the Empire, Chisha-san. To me, the Vollachian Empire equals Chisha Gold.]

Chisha: [Discourteous. This is the Land of the Sword Wolf, and the Vollachian Empire is none other than the land of His Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia himself, thus I pray you shall amend your belief.]

Shrugging his shoulders while joking, the rebel who ousted that very Emperor Vincent Vollachia from the throne, and threw the Empire into chaos due to his own wishes said such a thing.

To that, Subaru responded with “ Nice joke ,” and the two laughed together for a moment.

And then――,

Subaru: [This may well also be a flag or foreshadowing, so I’m unsure whether I should say it, but… well, after you achieve your goal, what will you do, Chisha-san?]

Chisha: [What, do you mean?]

Subaru: [Well, since you’ve done what you’ve done, even if you were to reveal everything, we don’t know whether Emperor Vincent would forgive you, right Chisha-san? That’s why… you know. If there’s no place for you left in the Empire, I could show you around the Kingdom this time!]

Chisha: [Hoh, you, Natsuki Subaru from beyond the Great Waterfall, shall show me the Kingdom of Lugunica?]

Subaru: [I’ve been living in the Kingdom for over a year now, so I can at least show you around the area!]

At any rate, if he was able to bring Rem back to the Kingdom of Lugunica, he wanted to not only help her recall her Memories, but also to journey around to the places she had been acquainted with.

Of course, since there was also the matter of Emilia’s Royal Selection, he did not have a lot of free time. Subaru felt it would not be so bad if Emilia, Beatrice, and a white Sword Wolf driven from the Empire were a part of such a journey.

Chisha: [As it is, in the position of supporting someone burdened with the complications of being a half-elf, I believe the way you extend your hand in that manner is perhaps a bit too unprincipled. If it is to this extent, I suspect the coordinator of the camp you are a part of, Natsuki-dono, surely has a lot of trouble piling up.]

Subaru: [Guh… It’s fine! It’s his own nature to take on troubles, and ‘cuz he told me to say anything without worrying about appearances!]

Chisha: [“‘Cuz”, huh?]

He had responded with a pretty reasonable rebuttal, and Subaru frowned.

Did the way he changed the topic ultimately mean Subaru had been rejected? Of course, he knew offering a prospect after being chased out of the Empire to Chisha, who was standing firm for the future of the Empire, was an insensitive topic.

Subaru: [I don’t like it when people try to do something somehow by putting themselves in a so-called heroic last stand, where they have nowhere to return, or nowhere to belong. That’s why I will offer the hand that I want to offer.]

Chisha: [Natsuki-dono…]

Subaru: [There! Flag building on the eve of a decisive battle is over! That’s all I wanted to discuss… Ah, thank you for taking care of Rem’s life. Doing that for me really saved me. …It’s super complicated, but I’d also like to thank Louis for that.]

While Subaru was away from the Imperial Capital, it seemed like the bond between Rem and Louis had grown deeper and deeper.

So far, she had not committed a single Sin Archbishop-like evil, and if anything seemed to be devotedly dedicating herself to Rem, but he could not fathom the root of those actions. ――Even if she was not what she appeared to be, it was going to be a headache to figure out what to do with her when he brought Rem back to the Kingdom.

Perhaps how to deal with this headache was a matter to consult Otto about.

Chisha: [――――]

Then, while Subaru was planning to make Otto’s stomachache even worse in that way, Chisha furrowed his brow, which was unusual, then opened his lips like he was going to say something, before closing them. Opened, then closed. Three times.

This seemed to be born of some kind of hesitation, and Subaru tilted his head.

Subaru: [Chisha-san, did that raise some flags ?]

Chisha: [――. No, in fact I suppose it is the opposite. I nearly uttered something that could have been foreshadowing, thus I restrained myself. Cecilus and you almost got me there, Natsuki-dono.]

Subaru: [Ceci and I are in the same category!? Seriously!?]

Subaru’s eyes widened, taken aback by what Chisha had said with a chuckle. Without saying much about Subaru’s response, Chisha picked up the sake cup he had put on the railing and took a sip of the alcohol.

A man who, unbeknownst to anyone, had worked out a plan to repel the Great Disaster that would shake the very Empire, and perhaps may have to bear living with fingers pointing at him even after the truth became clear; the fruition of his battle, in which he had deceived even his own lord that he devoted his loyalty to, was now soon at hand.

While praying that wish would be successful, at the same time, a clear path to return to the Kingdom of Lugunica was finally in sight, Subaru also clenched his fists.

Then, driven by the heat welling up within him, he raised those fists up, and,

Subaru: [Let’s do it Chisha-san. This battle will be our victory!]

Chisha: [I am not the sort of person who can get that heated, but… I value that spirit.]

Saying so, Chisha raised his sake cup into the night without any momentum and brought his own fist up to Subaru’s.

This was a mutual struggle―― no, a relationship of complicity, born out of an absurdity neither desired. For the great liars who deceived the Vollachian Empire, it was a night of firm oaths.

――And it would be Natsuki Subaru and Chisha Gold’s final night together.

△▼△▼△▼△

With his shoulders shaken and his cheeks tapped, Natsuki Subaru was brought back to consciousness, only to find the place he had awoken was not his bedroom in Berstetz’s mansion, but to his astonishment, the inside of a cramped crate.

???: [Uuu!]

The one who had played a part in rousing Subaru with that high-pitched voice was Louis Arneb, who was stuffed into the jam-packed space just like Subaru.

Seeing Rem’s figure behind the beaming Louis, Subaru sprang up. He smacked his head hard against the ceiling of the box, the pain and heat making him yell “Owwww!”

And then――,

Rem: [――We are inside a dragon carriage headed toward the Kingdom of Lugunica. I heard them say so.]

Subaru: [Ha-, huh? But, why would we be? Because… no, because! The rebels are already here!]

Rem: [I don’t know either! It happened so suddenly. We were forcefully crammed into this dragon carriage, and… you wouldn’t wake up at all.]

Subaru: [Don’t be ridiculous, I’m good at getting up, so if there was a commotion like that, I’d immediately…]

Wake up , he was about to say, before confronting the reality that he actually had not. When he did, what flashed through Subaru’s mind was the milk he had drank the night before.

The milk he had been drinking while chatting with Chisha on the balcony of the Imperial Residence; it had been prepared by Chisha for Subaru, and right after they finished talking, he remembered being struck by sudden drowsiness. He had stumbled back to his assigned room, slept like a log there, and then――,

Subaru: [Chisha-san set me up…! What was I thinking… Am I an idiot? No, I am definitely an idiot. It’s obvious what Chisha-san is planning.]

It was certain. Chisha’s goal in orchestrating this situation was clear.

Chisha intended to do it alone. Up to this point, Chisha had been borrowing Subaru’s help to arrange the pieces on the board, and at the final moment, he had decided to remove Subaru from the game board, just like he had done to the Emperor, and begin the final battle against the Great Disaster by himself.

Had he intended this from the very start, and where such deception had come from; such cowardly and futile complaints whirled through his head―― and he shut them out.

At this very moment, there was no use in lamenting that which disappointed him.

Subaru: [We have to get out somehow…]

Rem: [I think that will be difficult. I’ve tried several times, but this box is sturdy, and it won’t budge at all. We’ll be released once we’ve crossed the border with the Kingdom… or so it seems.]

Subaru: [But then, we won’t make it in time for the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital! Hey! Heeey! Someone! Open this up! Open it! I am Natsumi Schwartz, the Empress Consort candidate of His Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia!!]

Despite banging on the walls of the crate and protesting as Natsumi Schwartz, no response occurred in the dragon carriage. Obviously, they had been ordered by Chisha, who had orchestrated all of this, to not lend an ear to anything Subaru or the others might say upon waking.

Subaru: [――Tch, Invisible Providence.]

Gritting his teeth, Subaru activated the invisible arm within himself―― Invisible Providence, and intended to destroy the crate.

However, unlike the Sin Archbishop of Sloth who originally possessed this power, Subaru’s version was not much different from simply being a third arm, aside from it being unable to be seen. If Subaru could not break the walls with his two actual arms, then it would be just as impossible to do it with this one.

Subaru: [If only the box had a simple lock, I could have opened it with a bit of In Prov , but…]

Feeling nothing but his body creaking in recoil, Subaru gritted his teeth at the failure of his plan.

Beside the struggling Subaru, Rem wore a tense expression, having already repeatedly gone through a similar struggle and made several dents in the wall the size of the tip of her pinky finger. ――She, too, did not believe it was right to leave the Empire at a time like this.

Rem had been placed at Berstetz’s mansion as a hostage for Subaru, but during her life there, she had recalled how to use the healing arts, and became highly prized as an invaluable asset in the Empire.

Feeling that her work was fulfilling, Rem had been making relationships in the Empire in her own way. He had also heard that she had been able to make some friends as well.

Rem: [Madelyn-san and Katya-san, they will remain in the Imperial Capital, but I…]

She probably had not even been allowed to say farewell..

For Subaru too, he could not help but feel like the final words he exchanged with Chisha had been “I have to go to the bathroom before bed.” His extreme drowsiness aside, what a pathetic state of affairs.

Subaru: [Shit! Let us out! At least… at least talk to me about it! Don’t just go deciding things on your own!]

Louis: [Aaa, uu?]

Subaru: [Shut up! It’s always the case, but right now I really don’t have the time to deal with you!]

Subaru snapped at Louis, who had peered over from beside him with a look of concern as he slammed on the walls. He was aware that it was nothing more than him venting his anger, and even if she was a Sin Archbishop, he felt disgust rise up within himself for making her the target of his outburst.

Instead of Subaru, pathetic as he was, Rem softly hugged Louis from behind after she was yelled at.

And then――,

Louis: [Uuu?]

Rem: […I’m… not okay. I want to insist that I’m okay, so I don’t make Louis-chan worry, but right now… Both I, and this one…]

Louis: [Uau, eu. ――Aaa, uu.]

Held in a tight embrace, Louis blinked at the words of Rem, who had tears welling in her eyes. Then, as her expression seemed to stiffen slightly, she reached out her hand and touched Subaru.

Subaru clenched his teeth at that sensation. ――It happened immediately after that.

Subaru: [――Ah?]

In the next instant, his vision suddenly seemed to blur for a split second, and Subaru found himself plopped down on the road.

Subaru: [Eh, ah, eh? Out… outside, but this is way too far outside!]

Yelling in sheer incredulity, the flustered Subaru scrambled to his feet. And Subaru was not the only one taken aback by the unexpected phenomenon. Rem, who had been holding Louis, was also sitting there.

The three of them, in the same positions as in the box, were on the road――.

Subaru: [That was, a warp … a teleport? No way.]

Louis: [Uu!]

In front of Subaru, who intuitively knew the answer, it was Louis who was enthusiastically raising her hand.

That was the power held by Louis―― No, the power of the Authority of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony. One of the Gluttonies at the Pleiades Watchtower had devoured the ability to teleport over short distances from someone. Using that, Louis had taken Subaru and Rem and slipped out of the dragon carriage.

Rem: [Louis-chan, amazing…]

Subaru: [It annoys me to straightforwardly praise you by calling it amazing, but in this case you did great! You, can you use that warp to return us all the way back to the Imperial Capital in one go!?]

Louis: [Uuu? Au, uuuauu.]

Subaru grabbed her shoulders eagerly and rocked her back and forth, causing Louis’s eyes to roll back in her head as she shook her head. Understanding that her response was a denial, Subaru felt a wave of bitter vexation.

He was grateful they had managed to escape the dragon carriage, but in all likelihood, they had probably already been taken quite far from the Imperial Capital. How long would it take to return to the Imperial Capital on foot now, especially accompanied by Rem, whose legs had yet to fully recover?

If anything, although he would feel bad for Rem, he could have her continue on past the border, while he returned to the Imperial Capital on his own―― it was as he thought of this plan.

Rem: [――――]

Suddenly, a high-pitched sound emitted from Rem, making Subaru spin around in surprise. Looking closer, he saw that the mysterious high-pitched note had come from something like a small whistle that Rem had brought to her lips.

As he wondered what it was, Rem informed the wide-eyed Subaru, “It’s a dragon bone whistle,”

Rem: [I received it from Madelyn-san. Back when I mended Madelyn-san’s clothes, she said she wanted to reward me, since those clothes were very precious to her. If I blow this whistle――]

Subaru: [If you blow that whistle… hey, whoa!?]

The answer to the call of the dragon bone flute Madelyn had gifted her came swooping down from the sky.

Could it have been one among the many flying dragons commanded by Madelyn, a dragonkin? Flying dragons have a ferocious temperament that made them entirely untamable by humans aside from a particular method of raising them; this one knelt before Rem, who still held the flute in her hands, and lowered its head, showing its intention to obey.

Perhaps, it had been instructed by Madelyn and ordered to obey Rem.

Subaru: [If this guy will give us a ride, then off to the Imperial Capital!]

Rem: [Just a moment ago, weren’t you making a plan to leave Louis-chan and me behind to return to the Imperial Capital alone?]

Subaru: [I’m sorry! But I didn’t mean anything bad by it! You’re just so important and dear to me!]

Rem: [Ha? I’m not giving you a ride though?]

Subaru: [I’ll say it as little as possible from now on! Just give me a ride!]

His inner conflict revealed by his impatience and agitation, a flustered Subaru pleaded with Rem. Sighing at Subaru’s remarks, Rem pulled Louis close with an outstretched hand, and,

Rem: [I have no clue how fast it will go. Please hold on tight.]

Subaru: [Gotcha! Despite everything, this is the first chance I’ve gotten to ride a flying dragon, but I guess now isn’t the time for that!]

Riding atop a living creature flying through the sky and soaring freely across the heavens, such was not a common experience. So far, the only time Subaru had flown through the sky under similar conditions was with Roswaal.

While harboring such trivial emotions, Subaru hugged Rem and Louis’s waists from behind, and suddenly hoisted the two of them up as he leapt onto the flying dragon’s back.

Then, offering a quick apology to the “Hey!” in protest from Rem,

Subaru: [We’re coming back, Imperial Capital! Don’t think we’ll just end our story by dropping out like this!]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Chisha-san, the time is at hand.]

Right before the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital commenced, Ubilk, who had paid a visit to Chisha, declared this revelation.

Regarding the position of the Stargazers, those contacted by the heavenly Observers, who they call “stars”―― those existences who established the principles of this world and uphold absolute separation; Chisha felt disgusted.

Chisha: [ Contacted , and so on, it is all the influence of Natsuki-dono.]

Conscious of the words murmured in his own head, Chisha suddenly relaxed his lips.

Last night, Subaru and his companions Rem and Louis had been put to sleep and smuggled out of the Imperial Capital, and were now headed straight for the border between the Empire and the Kingdom. The soldiers, deeply loyal to Chisha, accepted the task without any explanation and unhesitatingly obeyed their orders that took them far from the battlefield.

Unexpectedly, Chisha was deeply moved by how much he had been blessed by the people around him.

???: [Of course, of course that would be the case! No matter what anyone says, I myself have come alongside you, so there is absolutely no room for doubt on that front!]

Chisha: […I am certain I already gave the orders to deploy, so I suppose I must wonder why you are still here.]

Then, Chisha furrowed his brow at the childish figure of the Blue Lightning whom he had encountered in the corridors of the Crystal Palace. However, holding out his hand as if such a question was naught but foolishness, Cecilus exclaimed, “ Nonsense !” Cecilus: [You know of me, don’t you? As one who strives to be the leading actor of this world, it’s guaranteed I‘ll certainly be on time to assume the spotlight. Indeed, it’s for such a reason I’m properly present here at the scene of a great battle that will shake the Empire!]

Chisha: [Is that not because Natsumi Schwartz-dono and I came to fetch you?]

Cecilus: [That! Right! There! I am telling you that it was guidance visiting me in my time of need. Hypothetically speaking, you know? Say, even if it hadn’t been you and Ma’am who came to get me! Or even if no one had come to get me! I surely would’ve ended up at this battlefield regardless. No matter what twist of fate may have come!]

Chisha: [As ever… Even a Stargazer conveys the messages of the stars in a slightly more refined way, but it matters not what is said to you.]

Cecilus: [Of course. How could someone with a weak, spineless character ever be loved as a charming leading actor? Even if one doesn’t carry a sword, everyone carries their own convictions. That’s not just limited to me, you and Ma’am are the same.]

Sternly thrusting his finger at him, Cecilus spoke with his usual tone. It was so overwhelmingly his usual self that, for just a moment, Chisha forgot the boy before him was currently shrunk in size.

Natsuki Schwartz, or “Ma’am” as Cecilus called him―― and by extension, Natsuki Subaru, certainly possessed the kind of conviction that could be called “naivety.”

If so, did Chisha Gold possess it? ――Conviction?

Cecilus: [You do. ――Since you are also one of the actors I have acknowledged.]

Chisha: [You were not the one who chose me. Allow me to make that much clear.]

Cecilus: [Gosh, how harsh. Ohoho, looks like the battle is about to begin, huh?]

Sniffing with his nose as he gazed out the window, Cecilus narrowed his blue eyes.

Chisha had no way of knowing whether it was merely a part of his performance, or if he had genuinely gotten a whiff of the scent of combat.

However, to the one who had spun around and was heading to conquer the battlefield as he had just been ordered to, Chisha called out “Cecilus” and――,

Chisha: [Forgive me, as I have already conveyed what I wanted to convey once already, but since it is important, there is one more thing.]

Cecilus: [Hoho, what might it be? Please give the leading actor a lively send-off before he heads out onto the battlefield!]

Chisha: [Those were surprisingly pleasant days, driving the dragon carriage with you and getting its wheels stuck in a rut. ――I pray for your good fortune in battle, Cecilus Segmunt.]

Cecilus: [――――]

Yes, his own voice had sounded far calmer than he had expected, and Chisha quietly digested his surprise. At those same words, Cecilus’s eyes widened, before a familiar smile broke across his face and said,

Cecilus: [―― Perfect !!]

△▼△▼△▼△

He had continued to fool, fabricate, lie, trick, ensnare, entrap, and deceive and deceive and deceive.

He did not like to deceive. However, it was his expertise.

It was an accident that Noh had come to dwell within Chisha Gold, but when he thought of the results it had brought about, he could not help but feel it was inevitable ――no, that it was “foreshadowing”.

Was it perhaps a bit too narrative brained to believe so?

Chisha: [However, it cannot be helped. How long have I spent alongside Cecilus, and been exposed to that cheerful and endless flood of words?]

Even if he did not empathize with that point of view, there were many ways in which it had influenced him.

Nothing, not even all of Cecilus’s views, could be simply dismissed as absurd. Surprisingly, Cecilus’s words were not void of any deeper meaning.

In particular, he understood the idea Cecilus espoused that everyone was an actor, and had their part to play upon the stage. ――If so, then what was the role of Chisha Gold?

???: [Contrary to my expectations, I do not feel any strong emotions. ――Even as I look up from below like this at the throne I was driven from.]

Chisha: [――――]

Chisha narrowed his golden eyes, and as he received the man who had arrived from upon the throne, that man brazenly strode across the red carpet spread out before him, as if it was his own.

The man who appeared was beautiful, with black hair, and wore a mask that was modeled after an Oni. Ironically enough, the one he faced was Chisha, whose occupation was wearing “masks”, and this man was the leader of the rebels who drew near to the Imperial Capital―― no, he was the one and only true Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia.

Vincent: [――Did you realize your desires by joining forces with Berstetz and exiling me?]

While overcoming much and suffering numerous trials, Vincent had returned to his own castle.

He was by no means outstanding physically, he had no one to rely upon in his position of being ousted from the throne, and truly his only weapons should have been his own ingenuity and the power of his words; it was the triumphant return of such an Emperor.

The peak of the Empire, Chisha Gold’s lord, asked if his desires had been realized.

Chisha: [Unfortunately, I regrettably must say that they have not been realized yet. Therefore, I would like to ask for Your Excellency’s cooperation for just a little while longer.]

Vincent: [You have taken this much, yet you still desire something more from me? You have an even greedier side of you than I thought. ――However, ‘tis a deception.]

Chisha: [――――]

Vincent: [What you thought you would get from removing me from the throne was no more than insubstantial mist. The fires of war have spread pointlessly, and these needless flames continue to consume the Empire. ――There is a way to extinguish it all immediately.]

As he said this, Vincent brought his hands to his face, and removed the oni mask.

His true face laid bare in this way, which Chisha could no longer even meet in a mirror, having lost that “mask”, was undoubtedly that of his lord’s. It was probably due to the fair amount of hardship he had accumulated, but compared to when he was on the throne, his complexion was a little paler, his cheeks were thinner, and the bones more prominent.

Still, when comparing his fatigue between when he was working hard as the Emperor and his days of running around trying to reclaim his throne, it was apparent that Vincent had been neglecting himself too much.

――Yes, His Excellency, the Emperor had been neglecting himself too much.

Vincent: [I――]

Chisha: [――Your Excellency.]

He interrupted as Vincent tried to continue, and Chisha called out his lord’s title.

In that moment, despite not closing his eyes, the faces of a great many people flashed by in his mind’s eye. Everything he had erred in, the feelings of guilt in his heart for having deceived all of them; Chisha let out a breath, and,

Chisha: [――Taking too much of a grand view of the game board, that is your greatest weakness.]

In an instant, Chisha brought his hand from behind his back to cover his face, putting on a “mask”. With a creaking sound, Chisha’s body was transformed, his height shrunk, his sinewy physique deformed, and his chest swelled. And so, his trump card manifested before Vincent――,

Chisha: [――Mask of the Sun.]

Prisca Benedict.

In those days, she was called by that name, but the person who was now a candidate in the Royal Section of the neighboring country of Lugunica had another name; wearing the “mask” of Vincent Vollachia’s greatest weakness, Chisha laughed.

Kicking off the floor, Chisha leapt at Vincent, who was left speechless by this inconceivable reunion. As if he was dancing unburdened, Chisha reached out toward the frozen Vincent’s face, and――,

Chisha: [――Mask of the Wise Emperor]

Swiftly, he molded a new “mask” of Vincent with Noh, then casted off the “mask” of Prisca he had only just put on, donning the new mask.

As the sound of his substitution rang out once more, Chisha took further action against the frozen Vincent, while enduring his transforming body.

He snatched the oni mask Vincent had removed, and concealed the Emperor’s true face with it once again.

Vincent: [You――]

For what, for whom, why?

The voice of the Emperor who was too wise trembled as if seeking an answer to the events that had occurred. However, without Chisha’s words, the Emperor surely could not reach that answer.

It was just as he had informed Vincent a moment ago.

He looked at the board from a grand perspective, thought through things efficiently, and indiscriminately defined the value of every piece.

The true intentions behind Chisha’s actions would likely never be conveyed to Vincent, who lacked the awareness that he himself was also an actor upon the stage.

But that was fine. It did not matter whether his true intentions were conveyed.

What he desired, was the outcome.

Would that outcome be that Chesha Trim, a being that had an inconsequential minor role, put on the “mask” of Chisha Gold, and thus deceived even everything he had gained to get what he desired?

He could not confirm it himself, but he was sure.

If he could fool the Observers, ensnare the Great Disaster, and even deceive Vincent Vollachia to the very end, then what Chisha desired would surely shine through.

Therefore――,

Vincent: [――――]

As he was pushed away, Chisha could faintly make out through the oni mask that his cheeks stiffened.

It was a look that many would undoubtedly mistake the true meaning of. The Emperor, who was too wise, and thus often omitted words that should not be omitted, was laconic even with that expression.

He suspected that he was probably the only one who could correctly interpret the meaning of that expression, given his many years alongside the Emperor.

Chisha: [Ahh, and yet――]

By some chance, maybe, perhaps, he had held some expectation.

That maybe there was someone who could look head-on at this Vincent Vollachia, a magnificently wise Emperor, and an all too foolish and self-deprecating man.

He could not help but think so.

Chisha: [――――]

When light broke through the castle wall, missed the form of Vincent as he was pushed away, and pierced Chisha’s chest as he wore the “mask” of the Emperor, he saw it outside the window.

――An accomplice who should have been far away, was riding a flying dragon and flew toward this place.

None may live, having had their hearts pierced.

Consequently, that was an event inevitable, the terminus of fate as was bound to arrive.

Chisha: [――――]

The man had died.

He was Chesha Trim, became Chisha Gold, and finally as Vincent Vollachia, the man had died.

Before the lord he had devoted his loyalty to, and the accomplice who had assisted him in deceiving that lord, he had died.

――And that was the entirety of what had transpired, in that moment.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And so, the story has converged to the form it should have originally taken, and the time of the Great Disaster has come.

The hordes of the resurrected dead, commanded by the Witch desiring the destruction of the Empire, shall set the world ablaze.

Despite the gathered Nine Divine Generals joining different camps than they should have, or even having the conclusion of their whole lives changed, to exhibit their greatest valor, they shall set their lives ablaze.

The girls crossing into a neighboring country to search for the cherished boy they were separated from shall witness a heroic turning point that will arrive in the Empire, and without losing hope in the midst of it all, shall set their bonds ablaze.

And the woman like the sun, possessing one half of the two Yang Swords which should have never existed, in order to respond to the horde of the dead whose existence has been twisted and the Witch baring her rage toward her, she shall shine with her unchanging arrogant beauty and set her soul ablaze.

At the core of this story painted with flames and flames and flames, those who witnessed the death of the man who deceived all until the end, with their voices hoarse, tears of blood shed, and souls cracked, they shall set fate ablaze.

???: [――Stand! Don’t give up! Giving up is the one thing I will never allow! You should have known a long time ago why that guy lied to you!!]

???: [Silence, foolish commoner. What in the world can you say about me? I am――]

???: [You are!!]

Both: [The 77th Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia.]

With trembling knees about to buckle, the man rose.

Desperately keeping his sobbing heart in check, the boy clenched his fists.

A young girl, blaming herself for her lack of power, told herself there is still more she can do and raised her head, while a child grabbing onto her pointed toward the Great Disaster shaking the Empire and howled.

There was a large hole in the castle walls, and looking down from there, two men lined up.

Side by side, their gazes met, Natsuki Subaru and Vincent Vollachia, two people who joined together with the karma that they should have met far sooner, two people entrusted with this by the man who deceived fate until the end, they shall destroy the advancing Great Disaster, and to seize the future that man desired, they shall face forward.

Vincent: [I am your Emperor, Vincent Vollachia. ――One of the Sword Wolves of the Empire.]

Subaru: [My name is Natsuki Subaru, just a passerby shaking the realm like roaring thunder, but I am the accomplice of the great liar, Chisha Gold!]

The two of them declared their positions, the air of the Imperial Capital resounded with loud and strong voices.

Natsuki Subaru grimaced as he relayed how they had assembled the game board so that the greatest amount of military power would be concentrated in the Imperial Capital when the coming Great Disaster and terrifying hordes of enemies descended upon them.

And then――,

Subaru: [I took the baton you passed me against my will. ――Bring it on, O inevitable fate!!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――It was probably an instance where a single misstep sent the entire journey astray.

With but a single misalignment of gears, the tale twisted askew, and the rails of fate changed course with ease.

When the expected flow of events shifted, the torrent of destiny tossed people around like leaves from a tree.

And yet.

And yet, what if they still finally found their way unto that changeless shore on the other side, unyielding?

Surely, it was only when a strong, unwavering desire utterly deceived that Commandment.

It was precisely within that once-in-a-lifetime lie that the meaning of that man’s life dwelled――,

Chisha: [――If this is my one and only chance for a starring performance, then I shall close the curtains like so.]

Fin.

With that, that was our annual April Fool’s Day project!

He was a man who had little time on stage in the main story, and only revealed his true intentions at the very end.

He was a character who had nothing revealed except the important parts since he had almost no contact with Subaru. However, if they were to encounter each other in an alternate timeline ――This became the seventh chapter of IF.

In this timeline, the characters involved here and there are different, the development of events Subaru follows changes, and there are individuals he can be deeply involved with and those he can’t, overall it is quite interesting. And yet, in either route, Subaru cross-dresses. It is his fate.

Anyways, thank you for joining me again this year!

I’m glad, since I only wanted to do this on April Fool’s Day, after the Empire arc was done.

How much do the positions of the characters or who survives change between the main story and Azamuku? I think I will bring up these matters again at another time, perhaps in an activity report!

Well, thanks! Have good dreams!

Translation Notes:

[1] – A gag from a classic manga by Osamu Tezuka called Black Jack. A character called Pinoko would make a face where both hands were squishing her cheeks while saying “Acchonburike!” when surprised.

[2] – Chisha’s power, Noh (『能』), literally means talent or ability, but is a reference to Noh theater, written with the same kanji. See here for more information on it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noh

[3] – Subaru does not seem to recognize the word 大災 (Great Disaster) at first, since it is a rare term. He repeats the word in katakana (タイサイ), which indicates he is likely sounding it out before then realizing what it means. One potentially funny interpretation is that he may have initially thought Chisha said bok choy, since one term for bok choy in Japanese is a homophone.

[4] – A zori is a traditional Japanese sandal.

If you would like to know more about this route, we have translated Tappei’s supplementary notes on it, which you can read here .

A message from one of the contributors to this translation:

Not a day goes by where I don’t miss Erifuru. He was one of the closest friends I’ve ever had. He showed me an abundance of warmth and kindness, and stuck by me and supported me during turbulent times. He etched a large mark in my life and having the privilege to know him changed me for the better. This translation is dedicated to his memory.

--- Arc 10, Chapter 26 – “A Word of Congratulations” ---

――From the very outset of when he had been appointed as Filóre’s Knight, Heinkel had felt a sense of impending crisis stemming from her headfirst personality, but that cognition of his had been incorrect.

Filóre’s recklessness had been far worse than Heinkel had ever imagined.

Filóre: [――So, you’re saying that even though the medicine is in the warehouse, it can’t be delivered?]

???: [Yes. The traffic of dragon carriages in and out of Royal Capital is far too congested, so the Church’s carts have all come to a standstill. At this rate…]

Filóre: [The medicine will go bad, and there are many elders at the treatment centers who will be in danger if they don’t take their medicine every day… if this is what it comes to, then we’ll just have to do our best to transport it with our own hands, how about it?]

???: [Eh!? W-with our own hands!?]

Filóre: [That’s right! If the dragon carriages can’t be moved, we’ll just have to carry out the cargo with human strength… don’t you think this could work!?]

At the entrance to the chapel of the Church of the Divine Dragon, a young man with a catalog of medicines in hand leaned a great deal backwards when met with Filóre’s vigor, the latter leaning towards him with her fists balled up.

Perhaps taking the young man’s reaction as an affirmation, Filóre seemed ready to rush over to the Commercial District at any moment, and so Heinkel hastened to keep her in check with a “Hold on, hold on”.

Heinkel: [Miss Filóre, if you take that approach, then the problem won’t be resolved even when the sun sets, and then rises again tomorrow. Don’t tell me you were seriously about to try carrying everything by yourself.]

Filóre: [What are you talking about, isn’t it obvious!? Heinkel-sama is my Knight, so we’re in the same boat, the same boat I tell you! I’m not going by myself, but with the two of us!]

Heinkel: [Like hell that’s going to happen! Even if say, for the sake of argument, we were to depend on manual labor, Miss Filóre, there’s no way I could let someone of your standing go. If anyone’s going, it’d be me on my own.]

Filóre: [Please don’t say such standoffish things. Believe it or not, I’m also quite strong myself. At the convent, I even used to help rearrange rooms all the time for the old ladies with poor backs!]

Heinkel: [That’s! Not! What I’m talking about!]

Filóre got carried away at full throttle, and her ruby eyes widened at Heinkel’s angry shout.

While she blinked her sparkling, gemstone-like eyes, Heinkel scratched at his own red hair, directing a displeased “Oi” to the young worker from the transport company.

Heinkel: [What’s needed is a way to transport the medicine to the treatment center in the eastern ward, yeah? There ought to also be treatment centers in the west and south, so what about those ones?]

Worker: [The western and southern ones? There are still viable routes to be taken there, so there is no risk of the medicine getting stuck along the way…]

Heinkel: [Then this will be a quick chat. Instead of the medicine, you should relocate the patients instead.]

As he spoke, Heinkel snatched the medicine catalog out from the hands of the young employee.

All the medicines listed there were ones he was familiar with, and he could also roughly imagine the conditions of the patients who were in need of them. ――Ever since his wife had fallen asleep, he had inquired into the remedies for every illness he could discover. Having made use of his privileged family status residing in the Royal Capital, Heinkel had a greater knowledge of medicine than the average healer.

Heinkel: [Although, it’s not like I’ve seen the patients for myself. Ultimately, the decision rests with the healers, but it’s more realistic than trying to figure out a way to get all the dragon carriages through, and if a route to the eastern ward can be secured while going through with the makeshift solution, everything should go smoothly from then on. ――Well, how’s that for now, Miss Filóre?]

Filóre: [Eh? Ehh! Yes! Ah, but, what about the people who can’t be moved from the treatment center…]

Heinkel: [It’s not like everyone in the treatment center is a severe case. Thus, as long as we pack a single crate with the most urgent medicines, it’ll last for the time being.]

Filóre: [I see! And as for that crate, I shall――]

Heinkel: [Oi…]

Filóre: [――Not do it, rather, I entrust it to you! After all, carrying things is your job!]

Pierced by Heinkel’s eyes, Filóre was discouraged, before turning a smile in the direction of the young worker. After he had gotten the catalog back from Heinkel, he nodded at Filóre’s words,

Worker: [Understood, I will act accordingly. As for the treatment centers…]

Filóre: [Please, rest assured. The treatment centers and the Church of the Divine Dragon are deeply involved with each other!  We will promptly send an envoy and act to ensure there are no misunderstandings. You may focus on your own duty.]

Worker: [――Yes! Both of you, thank you very much!]

Following an expression of relief, the young man bowed his head along with a sense of duty and left the chapel. After seeing him off, Heinkel slumped his shoulders in exhaustion.

From the very beginning to the end, Filóre had continued to give counsel without losing steam, so while it was fine for her to receive gratitude, it was a bit uncomfortable when the same was shown to Heinkel, who did nothing but remain by her side.

After all, he was a man who, truth be told, did not have any right to be standing here.

Filóre: [Hard work as always, Heinkel-sama! That was a discussion in which our brilliant coordination really got to shine, wasn’t it? Since we also sent out an envoy, he should be able to attend to his own duties with peace of mind.]

And, having no clue as to those inner feelings of Heinkel, Filóre returned after sending one of the Church’s adherents to go off as an envoy, before lightly holding her hand up to him. She did not bring it down. Even after staring at it for a while, she still did not bring it down, waving it left and right in front of Heinkel.

Heinkel: […What.]

Filóre: [Not “what”, it’s a ritual to extol our joint efforts. If I hoist my hand up like this, Heinkel-sama, then you also bring your hand up to meet it. By doing that, we get to share in the feeling of having guided each other well, it’s a custom in the Church of the Divine Dragon!]

Heinkel: [Back when I used to go to Church, I never saw anything like that.]

Filóre: [It might have been a recently added custom! And, it might have been slightly influenced by me!]

Considering the culture of the Church that had unchangingly worshiped the Divine Dragon for four hundred years, rather than new rituals coming in and out of fashion, the notion of Filóre having had a large influence was more convincing.

Unfortunately, it did not seem like Filóre would be satisfied until he completed the custom, so after another sigh, Heinkel clapped his own palm to her hand.

Heinkel: [Miss Filóre, about what you said earlier…]

Filóre: [Ah, that was some splendid tact! Rest assured. I also made sure to tell the envoy to inform the people at the treatment center that it was your idea, Heinkel-sama.]

Heinkel: [――. You need to have more self-restraint. And frankly, more self-respect too.]

Filóre: [Self-restraint!? I don’t like those words…!]

As if betrayed by her cheerful smile, Filóre turned pale as she staggered towards a bench within the chapel. While watching over her state, he let a deep exhale out of his nose.

He wished to avoid doubling the things he wanted to say in such a short period of time.

Heinkel: [To start things off, you need to stop plunging in head first, and taking actions akin to searching around in the ashes of a fireplace. You don’t know what’s going to be amidst the ashes, and in the majority of cases, you’re going to get burned. When you’ve got no other choice but to search through the ashes, make use of other people. Starting with me.]

Filóre: [That’s… because you’re an immortal Knight who can’t lose out to flames, Heinkel-sama?]

Heinkel: [Wrong. It’s because if anyone’s going to get hurt, it should be the people who don’t care about getting hurt.]

Deliberately stating those strict words clearly, he attempted to rectify Filóre’s thinking.

Filóre’s way of doing things was perilous. But, the ability to display a disposition that captivated people’s attention, was an indispensable quality for a politician. Given that she had gotten a delayed participation in the Royal Selection, she would need to, without metaphor, avoid the situations that were likely to burn her, and effectively play the cards in her hand.

That was why――,

Heinkel: [Don’t go bringing up my name each and every time. I’ll be blunt, but seriously, it will only get in the way of your campaign in the Royal Selection, Miss Filóre.]

Filóre: [No way…]

Heinkel: [But, because they heard it was my suggestion, the earlier matter with the treatment center might not go over so well. The fact that it wouldn’t be strange for such a thing to happen is the epitome of my current standing. Sorry, but I’m aware of it.]

Filóre: [――Hk.]

His answer appeared to frustrate Filóre, but since it was none other than himself who had caused her to make that face, Heinkel did not possess the words to comfort or encourage her.

To be perfectly honest, he was still regretting his decision. ――As expected, Heinkel should not have accepted the request of Filóre, which could only be seen as delusional.

Whenever he witnessed the attitude of his master, a girl who, while still clumsy, was earnestly taking part in the Royal Selection, more and more did he end up despising his own self, who served as naught but a hindrance to her ambitions.

Doubly so if when considering that all the infamy he had accrued until now had been earned through his own volition.

Heinkel: [In the end, nothing I do ever goes well…]

Even though on occasion, he would take action while aiming for the best path forward, after a bit of time, his past actions would creep up and wring him by the neck. Again and again, it was akin to as if Heinkel was running a few laps behind in his life, coming up on unavoidable traps that he had left behind. Tripping over the holes dug by his past self, he had lost count of how many times he had fallen over until now.

That was precisely why, whenever he was able to accomplish some sort of feat, it would be the best outcome for Filóre if the impurity known as Heinkel was not mixed in―,

Filóre: [――Enough, it’s not like me!]

And, narrowing her two eyes, Filóre suddenly shouted before Heinkel as he was deep in thought, and he noticed that she had been firmly pinching the back of her own white hand. Then, as she cried out “Owwwww!”, Heinkel widened his eyes.

Heinkel: [W-what are you doing?]

Filóre: [I’m admonishing my own fecklessness! In truth I would have liked to slap even just one of my cheeks, but if I did so I would need to go and meet people with a completely red face, right? So, since a long time ago, whenever I want to scold myself, I do this. If it’s just my hand that turns red, I can just make the excuse that I got so angry that I slammed the table!]

Heinkel: [Is that really a good excuse? I mean, it’d be clear that you got angry, but…]

Filóre: [It’s fine! After all, it’s the truth that I got angry! And also, regardless of what anyone tells me, this alone is something I won’t yield on. Going forward as well, I won’t hide Heinkel-sama’s contributions!]

As she firmly thrust her finger out at his face, Heinkel reflexively reeled backward. To close the distance which he had opened, Filóre took a step forward. Heinkel stepped back. She stepped forward. Stepped back. Stepped forward. Driving him up against the wall, she thrust her finger right against his forehead.

Then, as Filóre pressed Heinkel against the wall,

Filóre: [As for why everyone says all these bad things about you, Heinkel-sama, let’s say it’s because your behavior up until this point gives them a reason to do so. I find even that to be extremely frustrating, but I’ll swallow it for now. Even so! I can’t accept the notion that your actions from the past will dull the value of your actions today and tomorrow..]

Heinkel: [Miss Filóre…]

Filóre: [If there are lives that can be saved by your words, then if they didn’t have your words, their lives might not have been saved. If I’m going to be the Monarch, and you’re going to be my one and only Knight, then there are going to be many opportunities for you to be present at such scenes. Hence, in preparation for when such times inevitably come, Heinkel-sama, we must work to restore your honor at once!]

Heinkel: [――――]

Filóre: [And so, Heinkel-sama, I’ll listen to your advice as best I can, but I’ll never follow any comments that say I should just look down upon you, or that I should just hide you in a box, that I should just hurry up and throw away such an alcoholic of a Knight. I hereby declare this.]

Slowly lowering her finger, Filóre brought it down to feel the uniform adorning Heinkel―― his uniform as an official Knight of the Church, which he had been forced to wear given his position as Knight to a Saintess of the Church of the Divine Dragon.

With a base of blue, it was a sacred and sublime article, with the same amount, or an even greater number of layers in comparison to the uniforms of the Royal Guard, filling him with awe; it was an outfit he was fully aware did not suit him in the slightest.

However――,

Filóre: [But eventually, it will be so that when anyone so much as lays eyes upon these clothes, Heinkel-sama will be the first thing that comes to mind. When that time comes, it’ll be fine for you to make full use of the Church’s influence, and put on airs as much as you like.]

Shutting a single eye, Filóre made a clumsy display of amiability.

Harkening her words, Heinkel heaved a long sigh. That all-out, headfirst attitude of hers was something she applied to just about everyone. Of course, Heinkel was no exception.

Heinkel: […If Miss Filóre becomes the Monarch, huh? So, does that mean whenever you help others at the Church, it’s just a calculated act?]

Filóre: [Could you please not say such outrageous things!? You see, this is all an extremely good deal. By giving counsel to the people who come to the Church, they get help with their troubles, and I also build a reputation for doing good things, and it also feels nice for us when we do a good thing… right?]

Heinkel: [Don’t lump me in there as if it’s only natural. I’m…]

Filóre: [But, don’t you think it’s joyous to receive gratitude from others? That’s how it is for me. That’s why, even if the title of Saintess is heavy to shoulder, I quite like the Church.]

Puffing her chest out with a nod, Filóre’s words rendered Heinkel unable to respond.

Whether it was because Filóre had already said what she had wanted to say, or out of consideration for Heinkel, she did not press him for an answer.

Then, the chance for him to voice any answer, was postponed by the sound of the doors to the chapel opening once more.

???: [――Do you have a moment? There are some civilians getting into a fight right outside the Church.]

Filóre: [My, oh dear! We’ll rush there straight away! Heinkel-sama, us too!]

Heinkel: [――. Don’t run. I can’t let you trip and fall, thereby increasing the number of people who’ll need the medicine that’s already short on supply.]

Filóre: [Then, with fast walking!]

As she spoke, she took three large strides towards the person who had called out to them, and from there, as if forgetting about the reason for her fast walking, Filóre broke out into a sprint, causing Heinkel to scratch his head.

Then, clicking his tongue, he hurried to chase after the back of his reckless master.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――You’re a harder worker than I thought you’d be, you know?]

At the time of day when orange beams of the setting sun flowed in through the large clerestory, a voice called out from behind Heinkel while he was glaring at some documents in a room of the church.

When he turned around, the one staring at him from the entrance to the room was a man of slender figure and gentle features―― a clergyman of the Church of the Divine Dragon, and the one charged with acting as Filóre’s bodyguard, Tiga Rauleon.

Before her participation in the Royal Selection, it seemed like he had accompanied Filóre as one of her attendants; upon Heinkel’s appointment as her Knight, the two of them met for the first time, and since then have run into each other quite frequently.

As one would expect, Tiga’s initial impression towards Heinkel was the worst―― no, that was not a matter limited to just Tiga, the same could be said for all the people in Filóre’s vicinity. In reality, the only person who welcomed Heinkel’s appointment as her Knight, was Filóre herself.

Heinkel: [Well, that’s only natural. Anybody would react like that, hell, even me.]

Looking at it objectively, Heinkel’s current position was far beyond his measure.

Even at her best, Filóre was already reckless, and caused unceasing worry to those around her, so placing someone like Heinkel, with all the baggage and infamy that came with him, so close to her, was an act that no person with any level of judgment could possibly accept.

Regardless of Filóre’s own “Dragon’s Roar”, it would have likely been more difficult to find anyone who had actually been convinced of this than those who had not.

Tiga: [――? What’s with the sudden distant look? Did you not hear my snide remark?]

Heinkel: [No, I heard it alright, and I sympathize with you all. Even though it’s probably already hard enough being Miss Filóre’s attendant, being forced to take someone like me along too is, well…]

Tiga: [If you can understand that, I would’ve liked you to have politely turned her down to begin with.]

Heinkel: [Can’t argue with that. That would’ve been the proper answer for an adult, but…]

Cutting his words short there, Heinkel hesitated on whether to finish what he was about to say. But, pressed by Tiga’s gaze for the words that followed, he reluctantly opened his mouth.

The reason he had not refused the hand Filóre had offered him, was as plain as day.

Heinkel: [Well, it’s something like an ignoble obsession, a far cry from any mature judgement.]

If adults were people who could accurately discern where to call things off and end them, knowing when to give up, then Heinkel was a horribly wretched creature who had failed to fully grow into an adult.

But, on the other hand, the adult whom Heinkel had admired more than anybody else in this world was a person who never let go of the sword until the very end of the end, cutting through even impossibility itself while never giving up on the things that he loved.

That was something he had yearned for, something he would never be able to reach, something that not even the tips of his fingers would ever be able to touch upon.

That might have been the genesis of Heinkel’s curse. ――Though even if he were to talk about this, Tiga likely would not be interested in the slightest.

Tiga: [――. I’ve done some digging into your situation. Don’t think ill of me. I don’t want anyone dangerous being by Filóre’s side. Besides, part of it’s already quite the well-known tale.]

However, at the tone imbued into Tiga’s following words, Heinkel raised an eyebrow.

He had lived a long time examining people’s expressions, so he knew the delicate nature that existed in the subtleties of negative emotions filling the likes of contempt, ridicule, pity, and sympathy. That was precisely why it made him want to incline his head.

After all, within Tiga’s voice, there had unmistakably been a hint of concern for Heinkel.

Tiga: [That thing you’ve been scowling at with a glum look for a while, is it Filóre’s itinerary? It’s quite difficult to get that girl to stick to her schedule, isn’t it?]

Paying no mind to his suspicions, Tiga stole a glance at the documents from behind, before making an appropriately insightful comment about Filóre.

In fact, tomorrow’s schedule―― with activities such as making courtesy rounds as a Royal Candidate, and fulfilling her duties as a Saintess of the Church, Filóre’s day to day had a dizzying busyness to it. Even with what was not written down on the itinerary, she would attend the divine service that coincided with sunrise in the morning, and after she finished her prayers, she would voluntarily lend an ear to the people who visit the church in search of counsel.

Heinkel: [And in the end, she’s the type who’ll absolutely never overlook any problem that presents itself to her. If she comes across a stray child by the roadside, or an elderly person facing difficulties carrying something, her plans for later will be doomed.]

Tiga: [Ah, I know what you mean. One time in the past, Filóre went missing, and it turned out that she had gone off to help an elderly person carry something, accompanying them three major streets away, before being treated to tea in their home and coming back.]

Heinkel: […As long as her title is Saintess, it should be fine. Though actually, the moment she gained the title Saintess, doing stuff like that was plenty reckless.]

Now that she had become a Royal Candidate, she could no longer do as she had been until that point.

When one gains an irreplaceable role, it comes with tasks that cannot be delegated. Such was expected of Filóre too, and it went without saying which thing had a greater degree of importance.

It went without saying, but――,

Heinkel: [It’s not like Miss Filóre wants to neglect her duties as a member of the Church either, and on top of that, she also wants to devote herself to being a Royal Candidate… it’s all way too excessive.]

Being made to accompany that enthusiasm, Heinkel had to keep busily running about all over the place.

In place of Filóre, who was always poking her head into everything, he was utterly swamped with work that did not befit a first Knight in the slightest, pondering the best person to assign any given problem that emerges to, in order to best get it solved, rescheduling her delayed plans, making apologies to those who were scheduled to meet with her, and preparing in advance the documents and proposals that she would likely need next.

In fact, ever since he had become Filóre’s Knight, the opportunities for him to draw his sword had numbered zero.

Tiga: [Even so, while Filóre attends service every morning, it seems like you never skip out on practice, huh? Though, I’d made the assumption that you surely wouldn’t be a morning person.]

Heinkel: […You think someone who’s bad at waking up early would ever be fit as a Knight?]

Tiga: [I see, it’s seeming more and more like I’d be ill-suited to it. I’m glad the grand duty of being a Knight didn’t end up falling to me. Either way, I probably wouldn’t be able to deny my lack of strength.]

While adjusting the hat on his head, Tiga analyzed himself in a carefree manner, and Heinkel examined him through the corner of his eye.

Heinkel: [Lack of strength, huh.]

To be honest, Heinkel was unable to agree with Tiga’s comment just now.

To begin with, wearing a curved blade by his waist, Tiga was strong enough to be appointed as Filóre’s bodyguard, and even judging by Heinkel’s eyes, his strength was nothing insignificant. His physique was flexible and well-tempered, and the way he carried himself showed that he also had ample real combat experience; above all, he possessed an outstanding grit that would not be perturbed by anything.

He was neither a swordsman nor a Knight, however, he was a warrior. ――That was Heinkel’s appraisal of him.

Be that as it may――,

Heinkel: [So, how are your wounds?]

Tiga: [Hmmm, I guess I can’t say I’ve fully recovered yet. Still, they’ve gotten quite a bit better, but they were quite deep gashes to begin with… As expected, her alias of Valkyrie isn’t just for show.]

Heinkel: [The one who killed Sir McMahon and fled the scene, Duchess Karsten, huh…?]

Tiga gave his answer while patting the side of his torso through his clothes, causing Heinkel to furrow his brow.

The name he had voiced belonged to none other than the very person responsible for inflicting the deep wound upon Tiga’s flank, who was considered to have lit the fuse on the maelstrom of mayhem enveloping the Royal Capital at the moment.

――Crusch Karsten, also known as the Valkyrie, who at first, had been the front runner to win the Royal Selection. And now, she was wanted for being the leading perpetrator behind the assassination of the central figure of the Council of Wise Men, Miklotov McMahon, her whereabouts under pursuit all throughout the Kingdom.

The incident itself had come as quite the shock, but what he found truly incomprehensible was the fact that Natsuki Subaru, who ought to have been Emilia’s Knight, had also been deemed a wanted fugitive for his complicity in Crusch’s actions.

Furthermore, complicity was not the only charge he was facing, as he had even been placed under the exceedingly unbelievable suspicion of being none other than the Sin Archbishop of Sloth.

Accompanying that, both Emilia, who was suspected of harboring rebellious intentions towards the Royal Castle, and Felt, who was unable to dispel the doubts regarding the falsification of her identity, had been taken into custody at the castle, and the members of both Camps fled the Royal Capital―― at that juncture, gargantuan Witchbeasts had been set loose in the town, and the Sword Saint had been mobilized to bring the situation under control.

All of that had already transpired before Heinkel was brought to the Royal Capital, and even now, those events continued to spread a nightmarish chaos throughout not only the Royal Capital, but throughout the entire Kingdom.

Heinkel: [By now, the stark atmosphere of the Royal Capital will be something that goes down in the Kingdom’s history. On the streets, the Knights and the guards all have an imposing air about them, and the townsfolk have nothing cheerful to talk about, so spend all their time just keeping their heads down.]

Tiga: [For the people who have a choice, leaving the Royal Capital is also possible. But, those who don’t are an overwhelming majority. To be honest, the Church is also the busiest it’s been in years.]

Heinkel: [And, that also strengthens the support for Miss Filóre, huh?]

Tiga: [I’m not fond of that way of thinking. Not just me, but Filóre too.]

As Heinkel threw in a cynical remark, Tiga sharpened his gaze upon him.

It seemed like that was not intended as a joke, and it was something that had seriously displeased him, so Heinkel raised both his hands to demonstrate his capitulation.

But, regardless of Tiga’s feelings, in practice, that was how things were progressing.

The more chaos spread in the Kingdom, the more people’s belief in the Royal Castle would be sprained, with their hearts instead beginning to take to the Church that worshipped the Divine Dragon, which had continued to safeguard the Kingdom with a proven track record.

As a result, that had unmistakably become a tailwind for Filóre, who had gotten a late start.

And, for Heinkel too, with his position as Filóre’s Knight, it was certainly something that ought to inspire deep emotion within him, but――,

Heinkel: [Honored Father…]

Across Heinkel’s mind as he muttered, there flashed the existence of Wilhelm, his biological father whose whereabouts were currently unknown.

Crusch was wanted by the authorities for the crime of Miklotov’s assassination, and Wilhelm, who had served her, was one of the relevant parties who had disappeared from the Royal Capital. It was conceivable that he had reconvened with his master, and was assisting her on the run, but it went without saying that they were at an overwhelming disadvantage.

Of course, if it was the famous Sword Demon, he might very well end up cutting through any adversity with that sword of his. Though it was not as though such dream-like expectations did not reside within Heinkel.

Tiga: [You also have it tough, don’t you, Heinkel-san.]

As though he had sensed Heinkel’s inner heart from his mutter and expression, Tiga shrugged.

Having it tough, that comment was probably right. But, if he were to bring that up, the entire Astrea Family had been fragmented ever since Heinkel had joined Priscilla’s camp.

Heinkel: […My own difficulties aren’t anything important. The only problem is that this might cause trouble for Miss Filóre. My honored father and my son… they’re both fully grown men. It’s only natural that everyone wipes their own ass, right?]

Tiga: [――. At the very least, your father was not present at the scene where I crossed blades with Duchess Karsten. It would be good if it turns out the suspicions against your father are unfounded.]

Tiga spoke those words and patted him on the back in encouragement, and after Heinkel hesitated on how to respond, he half-heartedly returned nothing but a crude “Ahh”.

The comment about Wilhelm not having been present there, it was something he could have figured out even if it had not been expressly stated. If Wilhelm had been there, and Tiga had ended up crossing swords with him, Tiga would no longer exist in this world today.

Besides, there was one other reason why his reply had been so vague. And, that was something he would absolutely never reveal to Tiga.

――After all, it was because within Heinkel, a seedling of indelible distrust towards the Church of the Divine Dragon had begun to sprout.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Within the current Kingdom of Lugunica, the role fulfilled by the Church of the Divine Dragon was a major one.

To begin with, the Kingdom of Lugunica was under the protection of the Divine Dragon Volcanica, and with such stability and protection of the nation promised to them, they had continued to thrive until today.

That alone was enough to naturally fill the majority of the Kingdom’s citizens with feelings of reverence towards the Divine Dragon, so inevitably, it also led to their unconditional faith in the Church of the Divine Dragon.

Heinkel was no exception to that, and that was precisely why when his wife fell into a slumber from which she never awoke, he began making frequent visits to the church, placing his belief in the house of prayer and miracle.

Regrettably, Heinkel’s prayers had borne no fruit, and he had gone on to commit a momentous transgression such that he could no longer bring himself to face the Divine Dragon or its followers. Since then, he had grown distant from the Church, hence why he could not help but scoff at how ill-suited his current position was.

But once he finished deploring that foolishness of his, Heinkel had no choice but to confront it directly. The distrust towards the Church of the Divine Dragon burgeoning within himself―― regarding the existence of Filóre. To be precise, regarding the Church’s intentions in having Filóre participate in the Royal Selection.

Appointed as her Knight, what had become painfully clear to him from observing Filóre at such a close proximity, was that she possessed an innate goodness with no ulterior motives whatsoever, to the point it was somewhat frightening.

In absolutely everything, no matter who stood before her, Filóre would always give her all, and ignoring her concerning sense of judgment when it came to naming Heinkel as her Knight, whenever she was pressed for a decision, rather than panicking, she made her choice on her own responsibility, possessing the ability to take action in order to bring those decisions to fruition.

That was why she was always talking, always laughing, always crying, and always on the move. ――The talent of individual virtue capable of mobilizing one’s surroundings just by speaking one’s desires, that was unmistakably the blood pedigree of the Lugunican Royal Family.

Filóre herself did not have an answer as to whether she was truly the royal princess who had gone missing fifteen years prior or not, and she claimed that she did not desire one, but――

Heinkel: [――There’s no way that there are two princesses.]

Since Heinkel had been intimately familiar with Prince Ford Lugunica―― with the father of the missing princess, and the younger brother to the late King Randohal Lugunica, he had no doubts about that.

Ford did not have twins or triplets, his daughter was unmistakably one person.

And, on the precipice of that night fifteen years ago, that singular individual had vanished from the Royal Castle.

The missing royal princess―― it was impossible that she could be anyone other than Felt or Filóre, who had both risen to the stage as Royal Candidates.

Henceforth, someone was plotting. ――Filóre and Felt, in order to prop up either of the two girls as a survivor of the Royal Family, and use them for some ulterior purpose.

When he thought about it like that, and considered the circumstances leading to Filóre’s participation in the Royal Selection, he had no choice but to bear a strong distrust towards the Church of the Divine Dragon.

However――,

Heinkel: […Just what the hell do I even want to do?]

Pondering the matter to this extent, Heinkel’s thoughts came to a standstill as if in fear.

It was as if he was surrounded by a heavy fog with poor visibility as the sunset was drawing ever close, and yet still chose to do absolutely nothing about it; an exceedingly foolish act.

However, within that dense fog, there existed a light that Heinkel had never stopped yearning for over many long years. If he were to take a step in the wrong direction, he might lose that light to eternity.

For that reason, he could not move. He could not bring himself to move. In fear of making a definitive, fatal mistake.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Ultimately, he remained unable to find an answer, with time being the only thing to flow.

After Heinkel and Filóre had entered into a relationship of master and servant, time simply continued to pass, first a few days, which then turned to weeks, and before long a month had passed.

During that time, the Filóre Camp reestablished the flow of resources which had stagnated due to the Royal Capital’s turmoil, responding to the requests raised by the chapels and treatment centers in many locations, steadily increasing support for her as a Royal Candidate. As for Heinkel, his distrust towards the Church had still yet to be dispelled, however, since it was not as if he could do anything that hindered Filóre, he ended up spending day after day constantly running away from his looming apprehensions, merely focusing all of his attention on dealing with the problems before him.

However, while her activities in the Royal Selection were underway, the two matters that Filóre herself hoped to resolve above all else, had not made even the slightest bit of progress.

Heinkel: […Another one came back, huh?]

In one of the rooms of the church, looking down at the mountain of documents piled up atop the desk, and ascertaining the presence of a sealed letter which he had grown so used to seeing, Heinkel frowned in exasperation.

On the opposite side of that desk littered with papers, the woman who was stifling her yawn while working―― Sakura Element, contrary to her seemingly unmotivated attitude, briskly sorted the documents by sender, and arranged them such that the letters could be easily processed and reviewed.

With her sleepy eyes, and her languid demeanor, she glanced at Heinkel,

Sakura: [Yes, it would appear sooo. As per usual, it’s helpful that their replies are so quick, buuut as for the contents… ahhhh, it looks like they deferred us once agaaain.]

Heinkel: [Deferred, huh? How many times is that now?]

Sakura: [Ummm, the letters we’ve sent to the Royal Castle, both long and short, total forty-seven. The ones we’ve sent to the Church total thirty-two, plus, there are also things like additional materials or appended affidavits, and since Filóre-chan is such a proactive correspondent, it would seem that we’ve long since surpassed one hundred leeetters.]

While sorting letters with a single hand, Sakura skillfully checked her record book on the edge of the desk with her other hand. Fed up by her answer, Heinkel heaved a sigh.

With the persistence to surpass a hundred, Filóre had been sending unsolicited letters to the Royal Castle and the Church almost every day―― the contents were, decidedly, requests for meetings with Emilia and Felt, who were both in custody at the castle, and for them to be granted another hearing. Her other request was for permission to use the sacrament in Filóre’s possession to perform treatment on the victims of the Witch Cult remaining in the Watergate City of Pristella.

Filóre was tenaciously fighting on both fronts, attempting to go through all the official procedures necessary, however――,

Heinkel: [Even with all this, why won’t those guys just nod their heads yes? Setting aside the meetings with Emilia-sama and Miss Felt, there ought to be value in trying to help with Pristella. Or maybe, is there some sort of mistake with our paperwork?]

Sakura: [My myyyy, do you suspect I made an oooversight? In that case, I must be a terrible nuisance, making Filóre-chan waste her efforts on one hundred leeetters.]

Heinkel: [I was just pondering aloud. I don’t doubt you. If you were that incompetent, there’s no way you could’ve gotten a title as important as personal secretary to a Saintess.]

Sakura: [Is that sooo? Though, I think it’s also completely possible for it to be something like riding a parent’s coattails, you knowww? Don’t you think so? Deputy Commander of the Royal Guard Heinkel-chan?]

Heinkel: [――. Don’t attach “-chan” to old men, Sakura-chan.]

Sakura: [I’ll defer your request for nowww, Heinkel-chan.]

Giving a reply with no intention to grant his request, Sakura handed the letter that had been sent by the Royal Castle over to Heinkel. Even if he closed his eyes, the contents on its unfolded page were exactly what he had expected would be written there.

At present, the Council of Wise Men were in the midst of carefully deliberating over the requests, so they wished for them to wait for the time being until a conclusion was reached. ――Pertaining to both the treatment of the two being held in custody, and to the use of the sacrament for Pristella, the wording had merely been shifted slightly, and the ultimate answer remained unchanged.

Heinkel: [They won’t reject us. But they won’t approve us either. Just how long do they plan on keeping this up?]

Sakura: [Who’s to sayyy? That’s something for the high and mighty up in the Royal Castle to decide, aaafter all. The situation is what it is, so isn’t everyone just being extra carefuuul?]

Heinkel: [They’ve gone way past the definition of careful at this point. Miss Filóre is also at her limit, and lately she’s been constantly insisting that her heart is being scraped away.]

Sakura: [That sure sounds like how Filóre-chan would phrase iiit.]

Sakura placed her hand over her mouth and giggled, but unfortunately, Heinkel felt no inclination to laugh in agreement with her. Rather, when he saw Filóre’s increasingly forced liveliness day after day, when it was so obviously painful for her, made him feel depressed in turn.

Heinkel: [If the Castle’s no good, how about the Church? Miss Filóre is a Saintess, isn’t she? Can’t she decide for herself who she uses her own Sacrament on?]

Sakura: [She can’t deciiide. It isn’t something so cheap, aaafter all.]

Asserted so definitively, Heinkel was slightly taken aback.

One by one, Sakura tapped her finger on documents split into three piles on top of the desk, and began, “Listeniiing?”

Sakura: [To begin with, “Saintess” isn’t an official rank within the Church, you knowww? It is a special title bestowed upon adherents who have received the Divine Dragon’s favor particularly strongly. Everyone expresses gratitude to them, and they are seated in front of even the high and mighty at ceremonies, buuut, it’s not like they have a seat or any powerful influence at the Holy Synod where the big shots of the Church gather… that’s just how it iiiis.]

Heinkel: [And despite that, they’re treated publicly as the face of the Church.]

Sakura: [Being a symbol that visibly supports the faith of the people is also an important job of a Saintess, aaafter all. That said, even if you were to try to assign Filóre-chan just the duty of acting as an obedient symbol, it would probably be more difficult than teaching the Dragon’s tail to sit stiiiill.]

He could not help but agree to that, but the explanation that preceded the conclusion did not sit right with him.

After all, in the current situation, when Filóre was not responsible for her duties as a Royal Candidate, she was acting a symbol of the Church of the Divine Dragon in the form of a Saintess―― it was a nasty way of putting it, but he could not see it as anything but an implicit expectation that she must carry out her role as mere decoration to the fullest.

Sakura: [Surprisingly, I believe Filóre-chan would be rather suited to being the Monarch, you knowww? That attitude of yours, Heinkel-chan, is also the result of having been enchanted by Filóre-chan’s caliber as a ruler.]

Sakura, who smiled as she looked through his inner heart in his silence, was a poor matchup for Heinkel.

That competence which did not match her appearance and demeanor, could be sensed in all aspects of her conduct. He found Tiga to be the creme of the crop as a bodyguard of the Church, but in Sakura’s case, far from simply being the creme of the crop as a civil officer dispatched by the Church, it seemed as if she was truly among just a handful of exceptionally competent individuals.

In reality, while it was Filóre’s correspondent pen that had written enough letters to reach a count of one hundred, the one to prepare the documents and everything necessary for that, taking all the proper procedures, had been entirely Sakura, and as a relevant party within the Church of the Divine Dragon, she had her hands reached out to nearly all of its divisions.

Heinkel: [As long as they have you, it seems like the Church would generally be able to function well.]

Sakura: [Why, you’re giving me too much creeedit. Unlike Filóre-chan, I’m really unable to put on the kind of face that would give hope to the maaany. Besides, an organization that would entirely falter on the mistake of a single person would be far too dangerous and wouldn’t be able to cooooperate.]

Heinkel: […I see, that’s pretty modest of you.]

Sakura’s answer, given with a wave of her hand, appeared to be a provocation of sorts against the monarchy.

In order to compensate for such an absence, the Kingdom of Lugunica had the Council of Wise Men, but in the current situation, where even the actions of that Council seemed to have dulled, he had no words to give in response, even as a scrap of a Knight of the Kingdom.

Heinkel: [Though, it’s being said that with the death of Sir McMahon, they’ve been in turmoil…]

It was not as though he had witnessed the Council of Wise Men deliberating up close, but Miklotov had certainly been their central figure who always served as the mediator. But, it was not as though the other capable individuals in the council had no influence or say, and starting with Sir Bordeaux Zergev, who would always burst out into overtly heated debates, there ought to have been a flourishing exchange of opinions and viewpoints.

As a matter of fact, the problems concerning the Royal Capital and Royal Castle did not number just one or two, and even in the absence of Miklotov, they remained capable of swiftly dealing with those just as they had before.

In other words, the only matters being kept in a state of uncertainty were the two cases that Filóre was proactively trying to take part in―― as for what that meant, Heinkel too was none the wiser.

Heinkel: [Is the reason why the Church doesn’t approve Miss Filóre’s use of the Sacrament… because it’s involved with the matter of Duchess Karsten being wanted?]

Sakura: [I guess I can’t deny iiit. As a matter of fact, it’s considered a problem that Filóre-chan used the Sacrament without going through the Holy Synod first, so it seems like they’re debating revoking recognition of her as a Saintess, aaafter all.]

Heinkel: [They can revoke her being a Saintess!?]

Sakura: [As per the rules. I don’t think it’s ever been put into practice, thooough. She made it out safe this time, buuut if it’s already been raised for discussion once, she mustn’t get too comfortable, you knowww?]

Sakura spoke without a care, but once again, Heinkel could not help but be shocked.

Filóre’s independent decision, which had sent great tremors through the Royal Castle, seemed to not only be a considerable deal for the Church of the Divine Dragon too, but was also something that placed even Filóre’s own position in jeopardy.

Thus, after having gone so far as to treat Crusch with the Sacrament, for her to then become a wanted fugitive for perpetrating the assassination of Miklotov, the situation was naught but a headwind for Filóre.

Heinkel: [When something you try to do ends up backfiring, I know that feeling all too well…]

Sakura: [Aren’t you getting rather eaaager? Ahhh, but that’s only natural, isn’t iiit? Filóre-chan’s license to use the Sacrament is a matter of life or death for you too, right, Heinkel-chaaaan?]

Heinkel: [――――]

Sakura: [Or perhaps, is it a result of you getting used to being Filóre-chan’s Knight?]

At the gaze and voice that seemed to be mocking him, Heinkel loudly snorted.

Unfortunately for Sakura, Heinkel had no obligation to answer her sadistic sarcasm. Of course, it was the truth that he wished to verify as soon as possible if the power of Filóre’s Sacrament would be capable of saving his wife―― Louanna.

But――,

Heinkel: [When it comes to the people waiting in Pristella, it’s not ambiguous as to whether it’ll be effective or not, rather, it’s a matter of good results being expected. If the lack of permission is the only thing determining whether they’ll be saved or not, it’s only natural to want it to be approved immediately.]

Sakura: [You’re prioritizing others over yourself? Heinkel-chan, were you always such a good person?]

Heinkel: [That’s not what I said. Even though waiting for something can be a salvation, being kept waiting isn’t anything of the sort.]

Sakura: [――I suppose sooo.]

In their tit for tat, Heinkel voiced his true feelings as if spitting them out, however as Sakura responded to him, the tone of ridicule had vanished from her voice.

He found that dubious, but even when examining her expression and eyes, Heinkel was unable to perceive any such changes that had made him feel that way, so it seemed he was merely overthinking things.

Either way――,

Sakura: [――Shouldn’t we just fulfill our duties in siiiilence? If we do that, I’m sure there will be at least one good thing that comes our wayyyy.]

For someone who was a member of the Church of the Divine Dragon, it felt to Heinkel far too modest a murmur, yet at the same time, one that was terribly sincere.

△▼△▼△▼△

Filóre: [――I’ve decided! If even writing one hundred letters isn’t going to cut it, I’m going to personally deliver the one hundred and first letter! If I make sure to look them in the eye as I make my request, it’ll surely be difficult for them to refuse!]

And, at the words of Filóre, spoken with a face as if she had received some divine revelation from the Dragon, her Knight, bodyguard, and secretary were each forced to accompany her to the Royal Castle.

Working herself up and believing this time would surely be the one, Filóre’s attitude was something to be esteemed, but――,

Filóre: [――I just don’t get it!!]

The moment she stepped out of the reception and into the chalky white corridor, Filóre raised her voice as if to say her patience had reached its limit.

Hearing her indignant voice echo throughout the hall of Royal Castle, the civil officers and employees passing by looked at her in surprise. And cognizant of them all, Tiga placed his index finger to his lips,

Tiga: [Filóre, you’ll stand out too much if you start shouting in a place like this. If your words just now reached the ears of the higher ups, you won’t be turned away at the reception next time, but at the very entrance hall.]

Filóre: [I mean, how can they treat us like this!? Even though we told them we’d prepare everything necessary if they could just tell us what was insufficient, it’s always “this is still under consideration”, “that is on hold”, or “that remains up in the air” for everything…! Just what in the world are we supposed to do!]

Sakura: [I guess there isn’t anything that particularly needs to be added or fiiiixed.]

Filóre: [In that case, they ought to just let us through!]

Heinkel: [――From the beginning, they never had any intention of listening.]

Angrily voicing her complaints, Filóre turned around at Heinkel’s words. Tears were welling up in her ruby eyes, but Heinkel did not have a handkerchief on hand to wipe them.

In place of that handkerchief, he gave her the answer she desired without carefully choosing his words.

Heinkel: [The reason we’re being stopped is neither a deficiency in our documents, nor a failure to meet some conditions. Miss Filóre, the thing they want is for you to give up, and to stop bringing this discussion up to them.]

Filóre: [That sort of thing, that sort of thing is strange! Who would even think something like that?]

Heinkel: [Yeah, that’s what I think is the problem too.]

Filóre appeared as if she was throwing a tantrum, but given that she had already done everything she possibly could have before throwing a tantrum, there was naught else she was allowed to do beyond throwing a tantrum.

As a matter of fact, the question that Filóre currently harbored was something that Heinkel had also been unable to find an answer for, and the inexplicability of it all had only continued to increase over this month and a half.

Heinkel: […You’d think that the stage was being set way too conveniently.]

In all honesty, excluding the fact that Filóre’s entrance was delayed in the Royal Selection, everything else felt like it had been thoroughly set up by the Church of the Divine Dragon.

However, upon opening the lid on that, while it was certainly Filóre’s own actions and virtue that had been steadily increasing support for her within the tumultuous Royal Capital, when it came to the visit to the Watergate City that would definitively solidify her support base―― it was none other than the higher echelon at the Church, the Holy Synod, that would not grant her permission.

If they truly wanted to make Filóre the Monarch, then it was a measure they undoubtedly ought to take.

Despite that, rather than supporting this path, the Church of the Divine Dragon maintained a position that seemed to obstruct it, and the movements of the Council of Wise Men did not side with Filóre either.

Having come to this, the distrust Heinkel harbored toward the Church had begun to intensify in a form that differed to what it had been initially.

Merely, even if his distrust toward the Church intensified in new ways, there were also aspects that remained unchanged. ――It was the fact that Filóre was an immature child who needed an adult to take her side.

Tiga: [Filóre, I understand your feelings, but let’s return for now.]

Urged on by Tiga’s gentle voice, Filóre withdrew in frustration and began walking.

The staff of the Royal Castle who passed them on the way to the entrance all halted their steps upon seeing Filóre, and performed courteous bows.

As a Royal Candidate, and as a Saintess, there was no falsehood in the sentiments of reverence directed her way.

Even so, it was an irony that not a single one of her requests was approved.

Then, carrying forward an oppressive silence as they turned the corner of the corridor――,

Heinkel: [――――]

Grasping the figure of the person walking in their direction, Heinkel reflexively swallowed his breath.

Heinkel: [――Reinhard.]

Before he could even think, the breath he had swallowed spilled out with the sound of that name.

Clad in the white uniform of the Knights, the red haired youth with the Dragon Sword at his waist―― Reinhard van Astrea, trained his gaze straight upon the one who had called out his name.

Naturally, their mutual blue eyes, representative of their blood relation, crossed gazes.

Reinhard: [It has been quite some time, Father.]

Heinkel: […Yeah.]

Even he cursed how pathetic of a reply that had been.

He had been caught completely off guard. Preoccupied with the things on his mind, the unforeseen nature of the encounter rendered him unable to immediately whip out the nasty remarks and verbal abuse he otherwise ought to have had prepared.

Ultimately, unable to settle on any words other than that moronic answer, a silence fell between the father and son.

Reinhard: [――――]

To Reinhard’s rear, he was being accompanied by two individuals clad in the white uniforms of the Guard. At a glance, one might say they were subordinates accompanying the Sword Saint for his duties.

But, rather than on their surroundings, the gazes of the two were unceasingly concentrated on Reinhard’s every action.

Above all, Heinkel had no recognition of the faces of those Knights. ――At the very least, they were Knights of unclear origin, whom Heinkel did not know.

For what reason were these Knights accompanying Reinhard――,

Filóre: [――! Reinhard! Perfect timing! I had wanted to talk to you!]

Trampling straight onto the murky atmosphere between father and son, Filóre rushed over to Reinhard. The Knights behind him poised themselves in response, but Reinhard reined them in by raising a single hand.

Reinhard: [Filóre-sama. Looks like you are paying a visit to the Royal Castle today.]

Filóre: [Yes. I came to talk about Emilia, Felt, and the matter with Pristella. But, more importantly than what I have to say right now, I want to hear from you.]

Reinhard: [From me, is it?]

Filóre: [Yes, that’s right. How’s Felt? You must be meeting her every now and then, right?]

Reinhard: [――――]

As she closed the distance on him without any restraint, Reinhard silently held his breath.

Eventually, Reinhard gave a slow shake of his head, pronouncing “No”.

Filóre: [Umm? That’s… do you mean you’ve yet to see her today?]

Reinhard: [That is not the case. Rather, I have not seen Felt-sama since she was brought into the Royal Castle.]

Filóre: [Since Felt was brought to the castle… not even once!? Even though it’s already been over a month!?]

Filóre’s voice jumped, and both of the Knights to the rear stiffened their shoulders in unison. However, Reinhard simply nodded in silence at Filóre’s response.

But, it was only natural for Filóre to be shocked. This was a completely different dimension compared to Filóre not being given approval to meet Emilia and Felt.

Filóre: [You’re Felt’s Knight, aren’t you? For you to not be able to see Felt, that’s really strange. Don’t you think so?]

Reinhard: [Visitation is forbidden, so it cannot be helped.]

Filóre: [B-but, you want to see her, don’t you? You surely want to speak with her.]

Reinhard: [I am the sword of the Kingdom. Given that I have orders from the Royal Castle, I have a duty to comply with them.]

Filóre: [But you aren’t just the sword of the Kingdom, you’re Felt’s sword too!]

That was――,

Reinhard: [――I am the sword of the Kingdom, Filóre-sama.]

After doing one lap around, the conversation returned to the initial response.

It was not as though Filóre’s words had been insufficient. Neither was it that Reinhard did not understand what she was trying to say.

No matter what he was told, no matter what he felt, Reinhard would never change that answer.

It could not be changed, was perhaps a more accurate way of putting it.

Filóre: [Do you really believe that Felt deceived the Kingdom?]

Reinhard: [No.]

That too had been an instant response, one bereft of any hesitation.

Eyes flickering, before Filóre could ask “So then, why?” in response, Reinhard went on.

Reinhard: [My belief in Felt-sama, and my ability to prove her innocence, are different matters. If I were to renege on my orders, it would only deepen the doubt cast upon Felt-sama, worsening her position even further.]

Filóre: [So, you’re only able to do what you’re told?]

Reinhard: [――――]

At that question, Reinhard chose neither affirmation nor denial.

However, the very fact that he chose neither of the two options, demonstrated precisely where he stood.

Heinkel: [――――]

Heinkel turned his gaze to the two Knights standing behind Reinhard.

It was obvious that they were not Reinhard’s allies. In that case, their job was probably to keep an eye on Reinhard, but what a meaningless precaution.

If Reinhard felt so inclined, the likes of them would be defeated within an instant, then before anyone could even notice, he would vanish from sight and arrive at Felt’s side with nobody in the Royal Castle capable of stopping him.

But, Reinhard would not do that. He could not.

So long as he remained the Sword Saint, that was――.

Filóre: [In that case, at least tell this to Felt.]

In Reinhard’s lapse of silence, Filóre clenched her fist tight, and declared.

Filóre: [I believe in Felt. I believe in Emilia too. Outside of the Royal Castle, there are people who don’t believe the two of them would ever do something like betraying the Kingdom. Please tell her that.]

Reinhard: […Thank you very much.]

Filóre: [It’s fine if it’s a letter too. I’ll even write it myself.]

Reinhard: [However, I cannot promise it. I am also forbidden from delivering words or items to Felt-sama.]

Filóre: [That’s…!]

Reinhard: [Forgive me. I must attend to my next duty.]

Harkening that utterly heartbreaking reply, Filóre’s shapely face twisted out of shape.

However, without folding to Filóre’s reaction, Reinhard left her with a bow, and began moving past them.

Just before his shoulder passed by Heinkel’s, his legs suddenly halted.

Reinhard: [Father, I heard that you have become Filóre-sama’s Knight.]

Heinkel: […Yeah, seems like it. If you got any complaints…]

Reinhard: [――Congratulations.]

Lauded so before he could prattle off any foul language, Heinkel’s words got stuck in his throat.

At a distance where their shoulders were almost touching, Reinhard’s gaze was trained squarely on Heinkel as they faced each other. ――With the face of his son before his eyes, the son who, before he could realize, had caught up to him in height, Heinkel averted his eyes, unable to bear it.

Heinkel: […Whether it’s to be celebrated or not, you couldn’t know.]

Reinhard: [Even so, I am glad that you were chosen, Father.]

Heinkel: [――――]

Hearing those words, Heinkel could not say anything back.

It was not a snide remark, nor irony. From the bottom of his heart, Reinhard was celebrating the fact that someone had chosen his father, who had fallen so low, to be their Knight.

Did he not remember what sort of horrible vilification Heinkel had hurled at him in Pristella?

Had he forgotten that in the same city, Heinkel had turned a blade against his very lady?

Or, perhaps, were even those such trivial matters that they left no scar upon Reinhard’s heart?

Performing a small bow, Reinhard proceeded down the white corridor, the two Knights accompanying him.

Filóre continued to watch over his back in frustration. But Heinkel, unlike Filóre, could not even bring himself to glare at the back of his son, fading into the distance.

△▼△▼△▼△

Tiga: [――Filóre, your remarks towards Reinhard were quite careless.]

Upon returning to the cathedral of the Church of the Divine Dragon, Tiga closed the door to the reception room, and turned back to face Filóre with a stern face.

On the way back from the Royal Castle, silence had reigned over the interior of the dragon carriage, but internally, he must have been contemplating how he ought to scold her.

Tiga: [You might have had the intention of choosing your words carefully, but there were Knights and other servants of the castle back there. If word of it reaches the Council of Wise Men, Filóre, even you will be considered defiant to the Royal Castle.]

Filóre: [It’s best to let them think that. I’m seriously feeling defiant, after all.]

Tiga: [Don’t say those sorta things. I’m telling you that if you also get banned from meetings and visits to the castle, you’ll truly lose your ability to do anything.]

Filóre: [I know.]

Tiga: [If you know, then you shouldn’t be doing such――]

Filóre: [I GET IT!]

Filóre vehemently cut off Tiga’s words.

The menacing air she radiated caused Tiga’s breath to catch, and Sakura also cast her eyes down. Seeing their reactions, Filóre let out a hoarse “I’m sorry”,

Filóre: [I know… I’m sorry. But, it’s because I know that it makes me so excessively angry. If I don’t follow what the people up in the Royal Castle decide, they’ll stop treating me as a Royal Candidate. And if they stop treating me as a Royal Candidate, I won’t be able to save Emilia and Felt. That’s why, I have no choice but to just sit here and wait as I’m told.]

Tiga: [Filóre…]

Filóre: [I’m sorry. I’m well aware that the two of you are only saying all this for my sake.]

Tiga: [――Ahh.]

Filóre: [Let me speak alone with Heinkel-sama for a bit.]

Hearing her request, Tiga returned a hesitant nod.

Sakura exited the room first, and Tiga followed after. The door was shut, thus leaving Filóre and Heinkel as the only two in the room.

Heinkel: [――――]

Atop the desk, a month’s worth of return letters from the Royal Castle were lined up.

Filóre turned her eyes to each and every letter, and eventually, breathed a silent exhale.

Filóre: [Heinkel-sama.]

Heinkel: [What is it?]

Even if it was Filóre, things were likely taking a considerable toll on her.

Her desperate plea remained undelivered, and it could neither be said that her voice had successfully reached Reinhard. Even if she was a girl who proactively attempted any problem that came her way, it was only natural to grow exhausted after such a lack of results.

After his unforeseen encounter with Reinhard, and the word of congratulations he could have never anticipated, Heinkel was also facing extreme mental exhaustion.

Still, with as much mettle as he could muster, he readied himself to try and receive Filóre’s words.

Then, leaning her back against the closed door, Filóre informed Heinkel of a matter she wished to keep hidden from the ears of the departed Tiga and Sakura.

That was――,

Filóre: [――How could we pull off a successful breakout from the castle?]

--- Arc 10, Chapter 25 – “With Love, I Long To See You Smile Again” ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――He had imagined that the time to pay off his accrued debts would have arrived more dramatically.

???: [――Heinkel Astrea-dono, there is an active order requiring your presence at the Royal Capital. You shall be coming with us.]

Informed as such by the Knights that surrounded him, all clad in the white garb of the Kingdom’s Royal Guard, Heinkel had been sitting in the corner of a tavern during the middle of the day, cheap booze in hand, anguishing over the gloominess of his future prospects.

Faced with the Knights who, aware of his identity, had called for his surrender, Heinkel felt genuine sympathy for them, seeing as how they were being forced to do a job they did not want to do.

Heinkel: [Royal Capital, the Royal Capital, huh… just what crime could they possibly be trying to arrest me for?]

Knight: [Unfortunately, we lack the authorization to inform you. Still, if you are going to resist…]

The air of tension amongst the knights rose palpably.

His exhales carried a thick scent of liquor, but the intoxication had yet to reach his head. Through the senses of his skin, Heinkel deduced that other than the three before his eyes, there was also a squadron of Knights waiting outside the tavern.

To make a long story short, they would not hesitate to use force. And, Heinkel did not possess the strength to force their senses of duty to yield.

Above all――,

Heinkel: [Even if I flee, it’s a stalemate, huh…]

It was not at all as though he had merely been gulping down cheap booze in despair. Before he ever filled his mouth with liquor, he had thoroughly wracked his mind in search of any means possible. After that, the reason he had headed to this tavern was because no matter how far he went, he had not wished to admit it. ――That he had already exhausted every possible option.

Heinkel: [――――]

Looking down at the cup still half filled with alcohol atop the bar counter, Heinkel bit his lip.

For the two objectives Heinkel needed to accomplish no matter what, there was a position he absolutely needed to acquire at any cost―― a position that would allow him to intervene in the Royal Selection.

Originally, his contact with Priscilla had been a coincidence, so it was purely by chance that he had been granted that position, but he had realized far too late that it was something he could not afford to lose. Hence, the best course of action Heinkel could take would be to seek employment at one of the two camps that remained after excluding the Crush Camp, where his father was involved, and the Felt Camp, where his son was involved.

Heinkel: [Emilia-sama’s camp is out of the question, and the Kararagi… Anastasia-sama’s camp would also probably be…]

Unfeasable; even Heinkel could comprehend that.

He would have liked to place hope in Anastasia’s reasonability as a merchant, but as he had learned in the Vollachian Empire, she was quite friendly with Emilia. In all likelihood, she would have already heard about the disgraceful display Heinkel had made in front of Emilia.

Even if not, Heinkel was also self-aware that his reputation was the absolute worst.

Ergo, Heinkel had no chance of being employed by any of the Royal Candidates.

And thus, that had been more than enough of a reason for him to have been completely crushed, the faint ray of hope he had begun to glimpse extinguished.

Knight: [Heinkel Astrea-dono. ――Your response.]

Pressed for a definitive answer amidst the mounting tension, Heinkel gulped down all the remaining booze in his cup, and lowered his hands.

Not once did he feel the mettle to attempt reaching for the beloved sword by his waist.

As they escorted him away, they did not even bother binding Heinkel’s arms as they stuffed him in a dragon carriage, somewhat anticlimactically.

He had been fully prepared for a more violent journey, such that they did not even treat him as human.

Heinkel: […In the end, what sort of pretext is this?]

Stuck between the Knights who, as always, would not answer him even if he asked, Heinkel pondered what crime of his was being called into question. ――There were many possibilities that came to mind.

He had completely abandoned both his obligations as Deputy Commander of the Royal Guard, and his position as lord of the Astrea domain; it was also completely possible that he was under suspicion of meddling in the domestic affairs of the Vollachian Empire. If it was about something more recent, there was also the fact that he had been about to assist in the scheme plotted by Aldebaran.

But then again, as he was the one who had been approached with the proposal, he wished to cry out, “This isn’t what we agreed on!” seeing as the plan had completely fallen apart before even a single thing could commence.

However, Heinkel did not have any intent of blaming Aldebaran for that.

Someone had attempted to accomplish something, and it had come to an end with them having failed to achieve it. If that were something to be blamed for, then even if Heinkel were to drown to death a hundred times in a sea of blame, it would still not be enough.

Once again, everything was back to square one.

That went for both dragging Reinhard down from the seat of Sword Saint, and awakening his wife who had been slumbering for nigh on twenty years.

Or, perhaps this was a good time.

With even his reason to keep struggling on taken away from him, perhaps this was a good time for him to be told to just give up already. If that were the case, he might have even laughed.

Heinkel: […Still, this is strange.]

Escorted all the way to the Royal Capital by the Knights who had assiduously refused to tell him anything over these few days, Heinkel furrowed his brow at the fact that he had not come out of the dragon carriage to the sight of the Royal Castle, a guard station, or even a prison.

What lay before his eyes was an old chapel constructed in a section of the Royal Capital―― belonging to the Church of the Divine Dragon, it was a building that Heinkel found difficult to face directly.

Speaking of the Church of the Divine Dragon, it was the state religion of the Kingdom of Lugunica, a bastion of prayer where many citizens, though varying in their piety, devote their faith toward the Divine Dragon, whose favor they all partake in.

In the past, Heinkel too had ventured there many a time to offer up prayers, wishing for the awakening of his slumbering wife. ――But, after that night, never did he return. He had no right to set foot there; at present, that was Heinkel’s self-evaluation in regards to the church.

In the Church of the Divine Dragon’s house of prayer, what awaited Heinkel as he was shoved along through the entrance, was a girl in a nun’s habit, with long golden hair, and ruby eyes――,

???: [Ah! I’ve been waiting for you, Heinkel-sama!]

The instant she saw Heinkel’s face, the girl clamorously flew out of her chair, quickly rushing toward him. At the momentum of the restless girl wearing a beaming smile, Heinkel reflexively took half a step back.

What he had sensed was not hostility. It was goodwill. The reason he had fallen back was not because of a threat. It was because of suspicion. The reason for that suspicion, upon eyeing the girl up and down once more, immediately connected.

Beautiful golden hair, and ruby eyes akin to blazing jewels.

Those traits ought to have been impossible.

Girl: [――I am Filóre Lugunica. I’m delighted to have the pleasure of meeting you like this, Heinkel-sama. I’ve been looking forward to your arrival!]

Heinkel: [ Fil… oh-re…!? ]

Filóre: [――? Yes, that is correct, Filóre. That is my… wait, that’s right! People who know it are always shocked when they hear it! Recently, everything all around me has gotten all busy and hectic, so I forgot to be careful about that.]

Sticking out her tongue to hide her embarrassment as she spoke, as the girl―― as the one who called herself Filóre faced him, Heinkel could not put into words the turbulence that had assailed him.

After all, it was impossible for there to be two people in this world who bore that name.

Filóre: [All of you, thank you very much for your assistance. For your wonderful work, the Dragon will also surely be delighted. “The arm of man doth swing the sword, but it be the Dragon’s will that deals in life. Under the footprints of a Knight chosen, even the most bloodied of ruts turn to roads of silver.” This too, is in the scriptures.]

Filóre called out to the Knights standing at the entrance to the chapel, behind the shaken Heinkel. At the sonorous reverberation of her voice, the Knights all exchanged glances.

Of course, from their perspective, having been the ones to drag Heinkel here, they would not want to do something like leaving Filóre and Heinkel alone here. But, without taking notice of the Knights’ concerns, Filóre declared “You need not fear!” with a clenched fist,

Filóre: [This personage is of the line of Sword Saints, the magnificent gentleman chosen by the Divine Dragon, I give him my personal stamp of approval! This is an extremely momentous encounter for the very Kingdom itself!]

As Filóre thud her own chest and talked bombastically, the Knights’ discomfiture did not fade.

On the other hand, Heinkel also had some vehement reservations about her remarks. It was to such an extent that it had managed to pull him back to reality from the initial shock of her name.

Knight: [If anything happens, please call out. We shall be on standby outside.]

Given their position, that was the limit on how much they were able to compromise.

And leaving those words behind, keeping a stern gaze on Heinkel until the very end, the Knights closed the entrance to the chapel, and took their posts outside. Once the sight of those Knights disappeared behind the doors, Filóre grumbled “How difficult” whilst folding her arms.

Filóre: [The situation is what it is, so it’s only natural that everyone is so worried, but… right now, this takes priority. Once again, Heinkel Astrea-sama, it is a pleasure to…]

Heinkel: [――Just before, what the hell were you trying to do?]

Filóre: [ Fweh ?]

Taking a step, he closed the distance of the half-step he had previously taken back, and questioned the other party. In doing so, as he looked down at Filóre from up close, her ruby eyes widened.

What discomforting eyes those were. In her refined facial features, he sensed far too many similarities to the Lugunican Royal Family. ――But, that could not be possible.

Heinkel: [Filóre Lugunica, is the princess who vanished from the castle fifteen years ago. And if it’s about her, she was already found in the slums quite a while ago, and now, in the Royal Selection…]

Filóre: [――Ah, you mean Felt, right? Indeed, I’ve heard that she also has those suspicions hanging over her. But, amongst ourselves, we have reached the conclusion that it doesn’t matter either way.]

Heinkel: [Ah…?]

Filóre: [It is possible that either she or myself is that princess who disappeared from the Royal Castle fifteen years ago. As it so happens, both of us are around fifteen years of age, and I believe there is a miraculous serendipity transpiring in that regard. However, that is unimportant.]

Heinkel: [J-just what sort of ridiculous nonsense are you on about!]

As Filóre brazenly touched so nonchalantly upon one of the foremost incidents of the Kingdom, Heinkel raised his voice.

In reality, it was ridiculous nonsense. Due to that terrible incident, there were several things that had ended up straying from the right path. And, it was not a matter unrelated to Heinkel either.

On that night fifteen years prior, the several occurrences that took place at the Royal Castle Lugunica――,

Heinkel: [That ties back to what you said earlier! That I’m of the line of Sword Saints, that I was chosen by the Dragon, spouting all sorts of nonsense…]

Filóre: [But, fifteen years ago, the one who basked in the Dragon’s Blood kept safe in the Royal Castle, never succumbing to the power it holds, before ultimately adapting to it… wasn’t it you, Heinkel-sama?]

Heinkel: [Wha――]

Filóre: [Ah, this was something that needs to be kept secret, right? To tell you the truth, it was something I stealthily read in the confidential records of the Church, so I only realized later that it was something that couldn’t be spread around.]

Though Filóre was belatedly trying to keep her voice hushed, Heinkel was in no state to care about that.

The Dragon’s Blood from fifteen years prior; the fact that it was even brought up in the first place was a shock, but the pièce de résistance was the fact that it was documented in something like the confidential records of the Church of the Divine Dragon.

The reason was lost on him. There was certainly a time when Heinkel had frequented the church, but it was not as though he was a devout adherent, nor had he ever done anything like confessing his inner heart to no avail.

Above all――,

Heinkel: [――――]

The suspicions raised against him, and the events of that night fifteen years ago: he would absolutely never reveal them.

The responsibility for the matter did not lie with Heinkel alone. It was an incident of grave importance that could well impact the rest of House Astrea, and the entirety of the Kingdom of Lugunica.

It was by no means a matter that would be put to rest if Heinkel alone were to lay bare his own heart.

Heinkel: [Hah, I’ve got absolutely no idea what you’re going on about, you damn phony princess.]

Thus, as Heinkel’s cheeks contorted with spinelessness, he attempted to viciously scorn Filóre.

Upon hearing it, Filóre widened her eyes, catching her breath at Heinkel’s denial. Did she really not consider that she might be denied? In that case, she was a foolish girl.

Heinkel: [Did you think that if you crashed into things head-first with honesty, everything would just neatly bounce back to you? If so, that’s an unthinkably carefree approach. The world isn’t such a nice place.]

Filóre: [Heinkel-sama…]

Heinkel: [Don’t go slapping on honorifics as if they’re some kinda uniform! I don’t know what you’re expecting from me, but it’s too bad. Chosen by the Divine Dragon? Don’t joke with me. The line of Sword Saints? Is that your aim? The Royal Castle and the Church of the Divine Dragon have always kept a distance! If you guys revere the Divine Dragon above all else, then Reinhard must be in your way, yeah!?]

Rapidly spitting out a string of foul speech, he felt the depths of his chest being tainted in viscous black.

He had just been half-mindedly vocalizing his thoughts, but surprisingly, he felt like the words he was saying rang true. The name of the Sword Saint was renowned in the Kingdom of Lugunica, and in the current age of Reinhard, celebrated as the strongest one in history, it could possibly be said that it was approaching the realm of religious faith.

It was possible that for the Church of the Divine Dragon, Reinhard was something like a thorn in their side.

In order to remove that, it was completely conceivable that they intended to use Heinkel. ――That which, until now, Heinkel himself had used as a card in his negotiations with the Royal Candidates, was now tinged with an unpleasant clamminess.

But, perchance, considering one of Heinkel’s objectives, that could also――,

Filóre: [――The reason I sought you out, Heinkel-sama, is because I wanted to have you become my Knight.]

――.

――――.

――――――――.

Heinkel: […What?]

Due to his deep rumination, in which he ground his teeth to the point where he could taste blood, he felt like he had heard an odd auditory illusion.

If not that, it must have been some inexplicable mishearing ; Heinkel grimaced with such sentiments, however, paying no mind to his bafflement, Filóre raised her visage, and opened her mouth.

Once again, this time staring directly into his azure eyes,

Filóre: [Heinkel Astrea-sama, I wish for you to become my Knight. With a delayed entry into the Royal Selection, the Knight of this very Filóre Lugunica.]

Heinkel: [Idi…! A-are you insane…!?]

Filóre: [My, what an awful thing to say! I’ll warn you now, but if you swear an oath to serve me, I’d like for you to reform that attitude as much as possible.]

Forcing him to swallow the fact that he did not mishear her, she doubled down on the sentiment. But, no matter how many times she repeated it, there was no way a proper discussion could take place with such an unsteady foundation.

Filóre had said it. That as a Royal Candidate, she would have Heinkel be her one and only Knight.

Heinkel: [Who do you have whispering in your ear? Don’t tell me, was it Reinhard? Did he say something to you? Then…]

Filóre: [Don’t make jokes! How could I thoughtlessly make such an important decision based on what someone else tells me to do? I came to this decision completely by myself!]

Heinkel: [If that’s the case then you’ve really got no eye for this sort of thing whatsoever! Didn’t you tell anyone else? For example, those Knights out there. There ought to have been plenty of people you could have asked!]

Filóre: [Yes, I did ask them. Everyone made complicated faces, and insisted that I should rethink it.]

Heinkel: [Then listen and do as you’re told! Rethink it!]

Filóre: [I did rethink it! But, no matter how many times I rethink it, you always end up as my number one choice, Heinkel-sama.]

Placing her hands on her hips, Filóre puffed out her chest and answered proudly, leaving Heinkel speechless.

She was likely the type to stick with something to the end once she had decided on it. Even just judging from her behavior until now, he generally understood that. He understood it, but what the hell were the people around her doing?

Heinkel: [Miss Priscilla also had a stubborn side to her, never budging once she’d set her mind on something, but in her case, nobody could deny her decisiveness and ability to get things done…]

In the sense of not lending an ear to the words of those around them, it might have been a close contest.

But, between Priscilla and Filóre, there was a great disparity in their individual reliability, or rather, in the degree of their strength of character.

To put it bluntly, Priscilla had been an adult, and Filóre was a child. If a child was attempting to do something wrong, it was an adult’s duty to stop them.

Even if that child bore a prestigious title such as Royal Candidate, and even if the adult in the position to admonish them was a foolish, wretched failure who had no right to do so.

Heinkel: [Even if you’re a dreamer, that which you’re dreaming of right now is a nightmare. It’s the kind of bad dream where you won’t even lend an ear to everyone around you telling you it’s a nightmare. How could I possibly go along with that?]

As he asserted that, Heinkel derided his own foolish decision.

Even though he had lost any Royal Candidate to rely on, and had been drowning himself in alcohol without being able to achieve his desires, now that this hand, the best thing he could possibly have hoped for, had been extended to him like this, he did not grasp it back.

If it had truly been so important to him, he ought to have reached out his hand by any means, fair or foul. ――In that case, after having spent fifteen years, could it be that he was not really serious about it, still trying to pick and choose the hands he took?

All of it was naught more than the mere dregs of convictions firmly rooted within him, with Heinkel’s interior being completely empty――,

???: [――You’re spoolio! Heinkel-san!]

That instant, a voice clearly resonated in a corner of his mind, quaking Heinkel’s very soul.

Heinkel: [――Louanna.]

For nearly twenty years now, he had not heard her voice even a single time.

Even so, whenever he closed his eyes, and pictured her smile, he would be able to hear her voice not only as if it were just yesterday, but as if she was right there with him in this very moment. It was only natural. He loved her, after all.

Even if Heinkel was completely empty, he had been filled with an ardor known as Louanna, along with everything she had given him, and all of that was real.

Not once, not even for a single second, had any of that ever faded.

Filóre: [I am appointed as a Saintess of the Church of the Divine Dragon. The ideal I espouse as a Royal Candidate, starting with erasure of the ill feelings between the Royal Castle and the Church, is the complete abolition of any factors that stand in the way of bestowing salvation.]

Before the silent Heinkel, Filóre started speaking quietly, but with a certain strength in her voice.

Raising his visage, Heinkel gazed at Filóre. As always, she was staring directly toward Heinkel, however, the words she weaved were bereft of the same frivolous atmosphere from earlier.

In order to impart the words she had to share with him no matter what, she was carefully selecting her words, imbuing them with strength and sentiment alike; that much was clear to him.

Filóre: [Heinkel-sama, I’ve heard about your wife. It would seem as though you have been searching for a way to awaken her for over a decade, not once ever giving up. It is extremely admirable.]

Heinkel: […You think it’s admirable? I’ve accomplished nothing. Louanna still isn’t awake, so what the hell is…]

Filóre: [No, it’s admirable! Nobody has ever commended you for it, have they? But, I think it’s incredible! It’s not something that just anybody can do. You’re indomitable… no, I’m sure there have been times when your spirit has been broken. Even so, the fact that you were able to stand back up is amazing!]

Heinkel: [――――]

Filóre: [That’s the kind of person you are, which is why I want you to be my Knight. Of course, as a Saintess, I also can’t overlook the fact that you were chosen by the Dragon. But, you are someone who does everything in your power without ever giving up for the people precious to you. I’m sure we’ll make a great match!]

Raising her voice, Filóre extended her smooth, white hand. And as if imploring Heinkel to take her hand, her ruby eyes blazed as if a flame was alight within them.

A foolish girl; no matter how much he heard of what she had to say, that impression did not disappear.

The individual whom a Royal Candidate selected to be their one and only Knight would become an existence who they entrusted not only with their own life, but with their political destiny as well. Even with a lofty title like Saintess of the Church of the Divine Dragon, it was all prone to being blown away by Heinkel’s notoriety.

There was not even a sliver of a reason for Filóre to choose Heinkel as her Knight.

He would refuse her. He should refuse her. Not for anyone’s sake, but for the sake of this foolish girl before his eyes.

In order to prevent this foolish and gentle girl from being ridiculed as an idiot, from being insulted by everyone behind her back, Heinkel ought to refuse her request.

And even though he ought to have refused her――,

Heinkel: [――Let me hear… one thing.]

Even though he ought to have sneered at her, turned his back, and walked away, he ended up speaking those words.

It was not a refusal. Neither was it a disparagement. As he expressed intent to continue the conversation, Filóre inclined her head.

Filóre: [What is it?]

Heinkel: [I’ve heard that the Church of the Divine Dragon has secret arts of healing that are forbidden from being revealed to the public. Maybe… just maybe, if such a thing truly exists, then…]

Filóre: [――You mean the Sacrament?]

Heinkel: [――Hk! Is there really such a thing!?]

Filóre seemed to have an idea of what he was talking about, and Heinkel pounced at her words. ――That vigor of his caused Filóre to widen her eyes, before she cast her eyes slightly downward.

While the change in her expression affirmed the existence of the sacrament, it also told Heinkel that she was uncertain if it would meet his expectations―― if it would be useful in awakening his slumbering wife.

Filóre: [――. There is. But, I don’t know whether it will have an effect on your wife or not.]

Sure enough, after a moment of silence, Filóre shook her head from side to side.

But, he did not get overly dejected. Having his hopes dashed, and being pushed down to the bottom of the cliff was an experience Heinkel was by no means a stranger to. The fact that he would not die even when that happened, was a result he had verified many times.

Heinkel: [I see. Is that so… Ahh, that’s right.]

He had already experienced more than enough shame in his life.

If his mind was wired in any respectable way, then even his question just now was something he should not have asked. And yet, he had asked it. Upon doing so, his hopes were thrown to the wayside.

So now――,

Filóre: [――That’s why, we have no choice but to test it out. They’re always telling me that I mustn’t use it too frequently, but if it’s for the sake of helping people, it should be fine.]

Heinkel: [――Ah?]

Filóre: [Ah, but, as I said just now, I’m not certain if it will work. The Sacrament isn’t all powerful, and it also depends on the state of that person’s soul… however, the Church of the Divine Dragon also has a lot of other things that aren’t known to the public, so if we don’t give up, it should be possible to open a path forward. Yes, surely.]

Firmly clenching the hand opposite to her extended one into a fist, Filóre once more insisted the same way she had initially.

The contents of her insistence caused Heinkel to blink his eyes, and let out a ragged breath.

Heinkel: [――――]

Filóre did not say that it would work.

Neither did she say to leave it to her, nor promise that she would definitely save her. ――Merely, she vowed to not give up.

For nearly twenty years, Heinkel had failed to be understood by anyone, being ridiculed as a fool time and time again; the things he had never abandoned despite all that, were now being affirmed as completely natural by the girl before his eyes.

He knew. ――He knew that everyone, even the very Heinkel reflected in the mirror, constantly thought somewhere in the back of their minds that it might actually be impossible.

Filóre: [Heinkel-sama, please lead the way. No, House Astrea is indeed quite famous, so I also have a rough idea of where it is, but I feel hesitant about barging into a household when no family members are home. Moreover, it’s also a little complicated between me and Felt…]

As if to say that things could not remain like this, Filóre halted in her tracks after gallantly striding forward. Looking back toward Heinkel after passing him, she called out to usher him to accompany her.

And, having turned around, Filóre’s eyes widened in shock. ――After all, before her eyes, Heinkel was kneeling down where he had stood, and was bowing his head.

Filóre: [Heinkel, sama…?]

Heinkel: [I apologize for my repeated acts of discourtesy. Miss Filóre.]

Before the surprised Filóre, Heinkel deliberately refined his speech, and spoke.

Were he to become the Knight of a Royal Candidate, he would be involved in the Royal Selection once more.

If it were a Saintess who could wield even the sacrament kept hidden by the Church of the Divine Dragon, it might be possible to awaken Louanna.

If there was a chance she was the princess who carried the blood of the Royal Family, then with the authority she held, it might even be possible to obtain the ancient knowledge slumbering in the Royal Castle, or even the Dragon’s Blood itself.

If he enumerated such calculations, he could come up with any number of reasons to kneel.

But, the number one reason for why Heinkel knelt here, was not any of those calculations.

――Do I really still want to pretend to be a Knight, me of all people?

Heinkel: [I would like to accept your proposal. ――Allow me to be your Knight, Miss Filóre.]

Filóre: [――――]

Heinkel: [You may end up regretting that you chose me, but…]

Filóre: [No, I won’t! Never!]

As Filóre smiled like a flower in bloom, Heinkel looked a bit daunted, before biting down on the interior of his cheek.

Still kneeling, he unsheathed the sword at his waist, laid it on the ground, and performed a respectful bow. ――The way he straightened his back, the angle at which he looked up at his lady, and his knightly etiquette of dedicating his blade, none of it had been erased by his twenty years of disgrace.

The ruins of a Knight who had once pledged fealty to the Royal Family, now, after all this time, decided to put those airs on once more.

It was ridiculous. Truly, it was utterly ridiculous.

While completely daubed in that humorless ridiculousness, Heinkel Astrea became the one and only Knight to the brand new Royal Candidate, Filóre Lugunica.

――And those were the events of the day upon which Saintess and Backstabber established a relationship of master and servant.

--- Otto Suwen Twitter Sidestory 07/03/2026 ---

△▼△▼△▼△

The following short story was published on the platform X (Formerly Twitter) on July 3rd 2026, via the account belonging to the series author, @nezumiironyanko. The original posts containing the story can be accessed through the following links:

https://x.com/nezumiironyanko/status/2073036791637282848

https://x.com/nezumiironyanko/status/2073037074262114407

https://x.com/nezumiironyanko/status/2073037212669931548

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Otto Suwen thought to himself that, upon reflection, this was a far more troubling matter than he had expected.

The incident had started with a trivial lack of ink for the nib of his pen. While visiting downtown to buy some, a girl had grabbed the hem of his cloak.

Girl: [Where is mommy…?]

The girl pleaded with teary eyes―― she looked to be around ten years old, an age where it would not be wrong to call her a little girl rather than just a girl. Being caught by a child of such an age; he believed the phrase “it’s all over” was an apt description of such a situation.

Otto: [At the very least, if she were a little older things would be different…]

Judging things based on the other person’s age group might be a mistake, but at times such as this, what crossed his mind was the dreadfully calculated thought of “How might this action affect the Emilia Camp?”

If the rumor spread that Otto had not helped the little girl here, then it would be a massive blow to the camp. Appointed as the camp’s Internal Affairs Minister, Otto felt he could not take such a risk.

Otto: [I don’t remember ever wishing for such a position, though.]

A sigh leaked out with such a thought, but there had been no one around to listen to his complaint. If someone had heard him, he could picture familiar faces and voices he had become accustomed to saying things like, “Oi, oi, look at the situation and reflect on yourself, Otto!” or “If Otto-kun isn’t up for it, it can’t be helped, but… that child must be sad right now, and I think we are the only ones who can do something for her.” Otto let out another sigh.

Otto: [Just so you know, normally I would not be lending out my hand so indiscriminately like this.]

Saying that, he took the little girl by the hand and started walking.

Today, the city of Costuul was buzzing with activity, caught up without a doubt in the excitement of the upcoming festival.

The unfamiliar appearance of the little girl, who seemed unaccustomed to the area, was perhaps someone who had come here from outside the city due to the festival.

In that case, it is highly likely that the parent who came along with the little girl and got separated must be at a place that stands out―― perhaps waiting at a landmark, or calling out for her.

Otto: [Listen closely, okay? Please remember this. From now on, if you are treated kindly by a stranger, if I happen to be the first, then it’s thanks to the people who made me be someone who does this kinda thing, it’s not because I am like this.]

At his words, the little girl nodded repeatedly with teary eyes, an anxious expression still stricken on her face. Whether she truly understood his meaning or simply did not want to be abandoned by Otto standing before her, he could not tell.

Just that, whichever it was――,

Otto: [My friends would be glad that you were spared from a sad experience.]

Muttering so, Otto took the little girl’s hand and walked through the bustling cityscape, where it would be only natural for a girl her age to get lost.

To think that being called by such a shameful epithet as “Lolimancer” was supposed to be reserved for his friend alone; he had suddenly found himself caught in a most unreasonable and unexpected predicament.

Otto: [Good grief, it would be really troublesome if life got even harder for me at this rate.]

Muttering such things, Otto Suwen slowed his pace so the little girl would not fall behind, and continued on.

――It would still be a little while before Otto, who had been restrained by the little girl and her family making a grand commotion over their reunion, realized that he had forgotten to buy the ink for his pen nib.

〈Fin〉

--- Re: Oboreru IF (Wrath Route) ---

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated by :

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

NOTICE AS OF DEC 30TH, 2021

This translation is currently being worked on to improve its quality. It is expected this will take up to a couple of weeks.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――I heard a voice ripe with hatred.

――A sound which would not leave my ears.

――Words imbued with rage followed me.

――It was frightening, so frightening that I could not bear it.

――I was being crushed by the pressure of this noise which did not obscure its murderous intent.

――It gripped onto my soul, and would not let go.

――There was myself, and with the more I clung to my life, the more I would hurt others.

――First and foremost, I was sorry, so sorry, and yet I was still drowning.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――A neck, was being strangled by a great force.

Straddling them, a light body was pressing down on someone, disabling all movement.

Shoulders were being held down by both legs and knees, small in size, the body floundering underneath without freedom. Before their eyes, white arms covered in vermilion abrasions were pressing down on their neck. An out-of-place thought flashed, that it appeared like blossoming flowers,

―― Chokechoke , chokechoke , such was the great force with which someone’s neck was being throttled [1] .

???: “――――”

Right in front of their eyes, was a pair of pupils glowing with passion.

Endless fury and hollow despair stretched deep, deep in those large round eyes.

A blank thought that falling into those bottomless eyes, passed through their head.

???: “Ah, kah… Uh.”

―― Badumbadum , badumbadum , such were the sounds of their legs flailing wildly [2] .

That they were struggling in an effort to escape, was not the case.

Things such as thoughts to escape, had already disappeared long ago. So, the struggle of those legs were not an expression of a will to live, but merely a tantrum born of sheer physical suffering.

The brain was lacking oxygen, the mind had lost its will to live, but the body was still writhing in protest.

Everything was discordant, an unbalanced way of being such as that was unsightly.

Can’t I just die quietly? I want to just die quietly.

As peacefully as possible, like I’m simply going to sleep, that’d be the most enjoyable way to die for me.

Alas, such a wish was not to be. Far from being granted, their fate was really to be the complete opposite of that.

???: “Buh, kuh, kuh.”

With wide-open eyes bulging from their sockets, biting down hard and foaming at the mouth, with a body grown emancipated after only a few short days, it was in this state that they twisted and groaned like a wounded beast.

A fitting end, or so ought to be said.

A fitting fate, or so ought to be said.

What, why and how was it that they had come to be in this kind of situation?

???: “――What’s so funny?”

Suddenly, a voice was heard.

One unlike these animalistic groans, it was a cold yet clear voice.

The owner of those eyes laden with fury, their lips pressed thin as they squeezed their throat, looked up at the sound of the voice.

???: “――――”

Even when asked what was so funny, they were unable to find the answer.

There was nothing funny here, in the first place. There really was not, so why even ask?

The question was confusing. Some rude kind of nonsense, a riddle.

Even if someone forced them to reply, they would not have any answers. Yet despite that, the time waiting in silence still felt like lying on a bed of thorns.

How many times had they been flung around like this, by the force of some divine providence, so absurdly and unreasonably?

???: “――What’s so funny?”

There was nothing funny about it.

???: “Huu, he, hehe.”

Then, was it that the person asking was directing it towards the wrong party?

Or, was it that this person was enjoying this moment without even noticing it?

Were they enjoying the situation of having this woman mount them like she was on horseback strangling away at their neck?

If that was it, then it was detestable; their rational thoughts escaped.

Woman: “――What’s so funny?”

There was nothing amusing here. Even though there was nothing, this question would be projected repeatedly, over and over again.

Not even projecting. She was not that far away. It was not even projecting.

Close enough to feel each other’s breath, gazing up at the beautiful face of the girl opposite him, they were surrounded by her voice. Blanketed in it.

She had, without words, without hurtful abuse, shown clear hate in her voice.

Woman: “What’s so――”

Funny , and then.

The question seeking an answer was expected again, but suddenly faded away like mist.

Woman: “――Guh.”

Tilted, the face of the girl in front of them suddenly tilted to the left.

Like that, her leaning body could not rise back. Her posture collapsed, and that girl’s body crumpled onto the white snow. Of course, as the thin arm formerly wrapped around his neck had also come loose, their path to suffocation had ended halfway through.

???: “――Geh, ah.”

Coughing, the bitter taste of blood ascended their neck.

Collapsing lungs inflated before receding again, sending much-needed oxygen through their body in turn. That was also a reflex, from survival instinct. A proper human being would not just refuse to breathe and die.

Questions like whether that would be something a proper person would do or not, were something they did not wish to discuss, at this juncture.

???: “――――”

The feelings that had been present within their heart up to this moment, that of resigning oneself to death, now faded away. They had been replaced with a desire to live dubbed oxygen, an obsessive desire that could not be let go. Frantically, earnestly, they greedily coveted more to the point of looking pathetic.

While like that, ceaselessly filling his lungs with cold air on every breath, they had come to realize.

???: “――――”

Amidst the accumulating fluffy white snow, before him, lay a girl collapsed on her side.

Through the poor complexion of her face and lips, the woman’s unrealistic beauty was raised to even greater heights. With her faint breaths turning to white mist, an omen of her life withering, her violently glistening eyes made for a strong impression.

Looking carefully, it was a sight that did not seem well-fitted for the snow.

Her uniform revealed bare shoulders and thighs; the thickness of its cloth was wholly insufficient for warding off the cold. The neck, the ears, and other areas easily chilled were exposed to the wind, a painful sight to witness.

They were only the clothes she happened to be wearing―― although, it wasn’t just the woman, but themselves too, that were in the same condition.

???: “――――”

―― Clackclack , clackclack , such were the sounds of trembling mismatched teeth striking.

Whether it was the cold, or the strong melancholy in their heart that was the culprit, they did not know.

In this situation, rather than worrying about the anomaly of their body, instead they could not take their eyes off the girl in front of him.

Woman: “――Em.”

Even fallen over in the snow, with half her face buried in it, she still looked beautiful.

It seemed that unquenchable hate and fury was inflaming that slender body and keeping it alive. Covered in wounds to such an extent, it was a strange situation that the girl yet survived.

???: “――――”

Countless corpses were lying around them and the girl, in that pure-white snowscape.

Those beasts that consumed life, indulged in it, and destroyed the soul, before the wind of this girl had all turned to corpses. So, in this place, the survivors amounted to only two. Themselves and the girl, only two.

That, too, in a moment, could immediately become one, become zero.

???: “――――”

What is it , so the girl delicately mumbled as they slowly stood beside her.

The fingers on both their hands were numb due to the frost, having taken a dark-red coloration. With body temperature having dropped immensely, there was no feeling remaining in the cold fingers. Weak itching was the only evidence that the fingers were still attached to the their body.

Shaking about those fingers that could not be relied on, they lifted a stone as big as a human cranium.

Without any reason or purpose, it was only a stone that just happened to be there.

The fact that they had raised it secretly brought them much relief.

They compared the stone in their hand with the collapsed girl.

For a moment, that stone held by their fingers seemed to quite resemble the face of the collapsed woman.

They did not know if they were laughing. However, the look that was ultimately seared into their mind, was severe like that of a demon violently projecting onto them murderous intent and hostility, and nothing more.

As to shake that off, in both hands they lifted the rock skyward.

Gazing upwards at that action, the owner of those pink irises spoke with a faint, yet unquestionably clear voice,

Woman: “――I will definitely kill you.”

――The sound of something hitting something hard, in the snow-blanketed forest slowly, slowly echoed.

It echoed.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――That day, the mansion of Margrave Roswaal L. Mathers’ collapsed with a whimper.

Ironically enough, the first to notice the collapse was the woman who, more than anyone else, had desperately struggled to maintain the mansion. And because of that, her actions had been ruthless.

???: “――――”

At its genesis, she had received from the master of the house, from Roswaal, a great benefit.

So, hearing that the maid sisters who had taken care of the mansion no longer held their positions, knowing then that the owner had nobody to take care of him, she immediately rushed to that owner’s side.

The change in the appearance of the owner brought a most terrible pain to her chest.

Those two suspiciously glinting, brimming with confidence, differently-colored pupils; the eccentric and frank way of speech; the pale makeup of a clown that could be said to be the epitome of bad taste; the choice of fashion that appeared to be clawing at other people’s aesthetic sense; just about every light had disappeared from Roswaal.

After receiving such a reunion with him, the woman―― Frederica, clenched her fists tight.

Frederica: “It cannot end like this. For the sake of those girls, I will…”

Earnest in thought, she would guard that place of belonging.

Rather than thinking on whether something could be done, focusing on hope and wanting to do something, for that reason she had started to act.

To uplift the mansion once again she toiled, taking the hand of the girl who was collaborating without even knowing she would drag the master who had sunk into languor, in apathy, busily going around every day.

There was no time to stop and fret for Frederica.

Even though sometimes she would grow disheartened with her state of mind in that difficult situation, she always raised her head with fervor.

Were she to falter at any point, she would not be worthy to gaze upon the faces of those precious to her.

At some point, she had forgotten how to smile. At some point, she had forgotten to welcome night with a relaxed mind.

Even then, Frederica did her utmost to protect that which she loved, to surround the bubbles spreading away on the water’s surface with her arms so they would not escape. Even so――

Frederica: “――Ah.”

By the time Frederica finally realized, it was already too late for everything in the mansion.

White, the soles of her shoes frozen to the hallway, she lost sight of where her own self was.

The sight of the once-familiar mansion had become distinctly different from what she knew.

The carefully-cleaned corridor; the kitchen where she had cooked; where she had run ragged for those that needed her care; all that Frederica knew on a daily basis had, in front of her eyes, now become a clouded white world.

And as for who had done all this――

Frederica: “Great Spirit-sama…”

???: “Sorry, Frederica. You’re not to blame―― it’s just that, if I’m to protect my most precious thing, then this is the best decision to make.”

Saying this, showing its face and floating in the air, was a small cat with gray fur.

Its size only that of a fist, yet a supernatural existence carrying immense power in that small of a body―― it was the Great Spirit, Puck.

She did not want to believe. But now there was no reason to doubt.

That was the one who had wrapped the mansion in this white demise, transforming it.

Frederica: “Why, do this…”

Puck: “I said it already, all my actions are for Lia―― Lia agreed to leave the forest because it was what she wanted to do, and also for her safety. Or so I thought. But there’s no worth here anymore. I wonder where it all went wrong.”

Frederica: “――――”

Puck: “Roswaal was my miscalculation. That pitiful thing’s just your everyday guy.”

Shaking their head, Puck shot at her with voice devoid of any emotion.

At those words, Frederica’s breath hitched. And soon afterwards, clacking her sharp denture,

Frederica: “――Insulting the master of this house in front of me, a maid, cannot be forgiven.”

Puck: “You, too, are a pitiful child. Only you are desperate to protect this fallen place.”

Frederica: “Please stop talking as if you are referring to the past, it is not over yet.”

She called sharply. Without having a chance, towards the Great Spirit.

Faced with Frederica’s words of defiance, the kitten narrowed their round eyes and gazed with pity on their face. Reacting to that existence’s movement and expression, which to some extent smelled human-like, Frederica leaned forward and lowered her body.

Frederica: “Emilia-sama would be sad.”

That one brief hesitation from the small Great Spirit might give her the win, this was what Frederica was hoping. But――

Puck: “Unfortunately, I’m weak to Lia. I cannot move on from my child, I’m a momma bear [3] .”

Even a moment’s hesitation, some small opening, from that Great Spirit did not appear.

As the world of difference between her and Puck reflected in her eyes, Frederica firmly smashed her molars together.

Whether it was the beginnings of regret or grief, it was too late to be felt.

Just a simple white breeze blew, and with that alone the woman named Frederica was frozen.

That marked the beginning of the collapse of Roswaal’s mansion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

By the time the warlock [4] noticed the signs of collapse, it was all already too late.

???: “――――”

With ghostly footsteps the warlock in their own mansion walked.

The frozen mass of air underfoot broke with a clatter, and a chill breeze tickled their nape.

His neck drew away from it, and immediately, an odd physiological reaction to that unpleasant cold was felt.

Nowadays, applying makeup to his face and choosing clothing had both been left to Frederica.

That diligent and enthusiastic girl was, no matter how, trying to pay back the grace she had received from this place, but it was too late. His heart that should not have have felt anything ached a little.

――The path to Roswaal’s dearest wish had, at some point, been severed.

Roswaal: “Ram, Rem…”

Maybe it had been triggered by the loss of the oni sisters.

The existence of those two was a key part in the path towards Roswaal’s utmost wish. With them having vanished, Roswaal had been left alone.

Four-hundred years later, upon realizing the road to his long-held hope had been broken, Roswaal could no longer stand on his own.

Roswaal: “――Ram.”

A short, mumbled name, it was the name that conveyed the biggest regret.

――The possibility that it would become like this, he had already considered it previously.

Quite the opposite, the likelihood that it would end badly like this was much higher. It was because of this that Roswaal had taken insurance on his own existence.

When his end finally arrived, he wanted someone there that could receive it happily.

Her, dying before him, had ruined the last remaining cogwheel in his plans.

Roswaal: “――――”

So then, it was strange for Roswaal, to find himself wandering through the frozen mansion.

He had lost his reason to stand already, and his reason for walking was already gone from him.

Frederica: “Master, please return yourself to how you were before. So the two of them――”

Many times, Frederica had so appealed to Roswaal.

With Roswaal falling into despair, his spirit weakened, Frederica had taken up the task of patiently and devotedly uplifting her apathetic master.

Henceforth, the power to walk in this now-frozen mansion remained in him.

Henceforth, in the middle of the hallway he was wandering in aimlessly, his sight now turned to the scenery beyond the window.

Henceforth, he saw that frozen world of white, and the form of the blonde-haired girl attempting to resist it.

Roswaal: “――――”

He perhaps thought, that to not protect her here would not do.

Or it could simply be acting on reflex, he did not know.

Enough remained of his mind in the body for him to decide on reflex that he must do so.

So now, Roswaal slowly spread his arms wide, readying himself to pour out a vast amount of Mana――

Roswaal: “――Kh!”

At that moment, Roswaal barely avoided the bright flash of a blade targeting his neck.

???: “――Oh my, to be able to dodge this is outside of my expectations. Perhaps the Head Magician of the Court isn’t only skilled in magic, but is someone holding some level of skill in martial arts as well?”

From behind Roswaal’s back called out a light voice.

His zori [5] attaining speed that could scorch the frozen corridor as they glided through it, it was the voice of a young man sporting dark-blue hair.

Blue-Haired Man: “That movement just now, it wasn’t something someone can just do on the fly. I’m honestly impressed.”

That terribly out-of-place person was clad in a blue kimono , wearing zori on his feet, and had two swords strapped to his waist. One of those had been unsheathed, and he was now tapping his shoulder with it.

A face with a neat appearance, donning a well-fitting smile. The bright eyes that gave a striking impression of a young mischievous child, and the long hair tied up both somehow offered him an androgynous look.

[Picture Source]

But from him emanated an aberrant yet transparent fighting aura―― just by being bathed in that ghastly gaze, visions of myriad deaths from a sword surface, so that anyone would be rendered unable to make rational comments.

Blue-Haired Man: “If you’re a person confident in more than just magic, my heart’s relieved of a burden, it really is a great help. After all, something that’s so one-sided doesn’t fit my sense of aesthetics. No, I’d do it if told to do so, but I wanna avoid getting the villain treatment if possible.”

Roswaal: “Like in the rumors, you’re quite talkaaaaaative…”

Blue-Haired Man: “Oh, a rumor about me? It can’t be helped. Am I a celebrity even in such a place? Hehehe, I wish it wasn’t such a strange rumor, though.”

The young man fluently spoke as he scratched his head with a shy smile.

While looking at this scene, Roswaal reignited his sluggish thoughts to stir again, as to solve the situation he had found himself in.

What played a part in that blaze, was the burning sensation at his left arm.

Roswaal: “――――”

Blue-Haired Man: “By the way, if you don’t do anything about your arm soon, won’t you die of blood loss?”

Roswaal: “Your advice, I’m grateful for it.”

With that argument made by the young lad, Roswaal loosened his lips lost of the color of blood.

That Roswaal’s left arm had been amputated near the shoulder, and what had used to be attached there was almost unrealistically rolling on the floor, like the limb of a doll.

Alongside the first strike to his neck that had been dodged, his arm had been lopped off.

After hearing this advice to act, Roswaal grasped his wound, and an instant burst of fire directly stopped the bleeding. Horrible pangs of pain tore through his brain, but with rigid cheeks he bore it.

At that his extreme emergency treatment, the young man’s eyes widened ever so slightly.

Blue-Haired Man: “I’d imagined that mages’d be far more timid. Anya’s like that… Oh, by the way, Anya’s someone I’m acquainted with.”

Roswaal: “I know, Cecilus Segmunt-kun.”

Cecilus: “――――”

Roswaal: “The most powerful warrior of the Vollachian Empire, top-ranked among the Nine Divine Generals, correct? Being given the rank of First General, the name of the Blue Lightning is famous even in Lugunica.”

Cecilus: “Oh, that’s the biggest of honors.”

At Roswaal’s low voice, the young man―― Cecilus Segmunt responded with an elegant bow.

There was no reason to hide his identity. There was no reason to hide his name in the first place, so he may as well act coolly dignified and confident.

Watching those mannerly ways with their dramatic productions, Roswaal sighed.

Roswaal: “But that aside, what’s happening now, I wooonder~? Ahh, it couldn’t be, at this time when the new Monarch of the Kingdom of Lugunica is being decided, the Vollachian Empire is moving in violation of the treaty?”

Cecilus: “Oh, that’s a misunderstanding. Right now you could say I am on break from being part of the Nine Divine Generals, or you could say I am unemployed. Anyway, this business has nothing to do with the Empire, now I am professed as the strongest ordinary… vagrant swordsman.”

Roswaal: “――――”

Cecilus: “This is no poor joke. My actions, the Empire’s not involved in them at all. Of course, loyalty to His Excellency still lies in my heart… But, I got my reasons for doing what I do.”

With a grand gesture, Cecilus emphasized that he and the Empire were not working together. It was difficult to believe it unconditionally, it was fact the plans of the Empire were incomprehensible.

For this reason, Roswaal narrowed both his dual-colored eyes, and inquired of Cecilus,

Roswaal: “Then it’s even more curious. That you’ve even abandoned your position of General at the Empire, and come here. What exactly is it that can move you to such an extent, I wooonder~?”

Cecilus: “It’s easy to understand―― A step in the path towards the Heavenly Sword, was promised.”

Roswaal: “Path towards the Heavenly Sword?”

At that reply, Roswaal frowned his handsome brows.

Cecilus, witnessing that, nodded deeply in reply, and a murmur, “Yes”. The expression was just as if he was smiling, but a crucial difference lay in the emotion of the pupils.

With human emotions like that of joy and pleasure, the Blue Lightning severed human lives.

However, what lurked in the eyes of Vollachia’s strongest at this instance was not joy and pleasure, but a deeper hue, a more fervent hue――

Cecilus: “It’s a most important wish I’ve never spoken of to any living person. Someone guessed it correctly, and went on to say they could assist with it… There wasn’t any choice but to accept that opportunity.”

Roswaal: “How unexpected, you don’t seem to be type to be another’s puppet.”

Cecilus: “Between being controlled by others and merely accepting the stage provided by fate, isn’t there a subjective difference between the two? I accept the role of this world’s star actor, the leading part on its script. Beyond that, it’s part of an actor’s skillset to ad-lib lines and performances, isn’t it so?”

Cecilus shrugged, the emotions in his eyes returning to their previous state, and Roswaal simply nodded.

Indeed, at the strength of his argument, he gave up fighting against it. “Might makes right”, was the philosophy Cecilus had built over many victories.

To forcefully bend that notion was impossible for Roswaal, who had lived four-hundred years for an obsession of his own.

For Roswaal, who preferred stagnation, that philosophy seemed attractive to him, too.

Cecilus: “I don’t hate you, rather, I quite like you. But because this is also my role… Head Magician of the Court of the Kingdom of Lugunica, Roswaal L. Mathers; I will be taking that head of yours.”

Seemingly acting in his own breed of politeness, Cecilus returned the sword he held to its sheath. And with the sound of another blade being drawn, the blade of a beautiful sword was revealed to the world.

The beauty of the sword was truly arcane, a magic sword imbued with uncanny power――

Cecilus: “――Ranked highest among blades, the Dream Sword, Masayume.”

Roswaal: “The sword that eats away at the holder’s soul with one swing, is it? ――Cecilus-kun, may I ask one thing?”

With the overflowing dreadfulness in front of him, Roswaal with a carefree tone raised a finger.

One-armed and bloodied, faced with a swordsman without peer in all epochs amongst the congealed atmosphere; yet in such a situation he raised a query towards Cecilus. The latter again tilted his head, at that out-of-place light-hearted tone.

Cecilus: “What are my weaknesses? My weak points are that I don’t listen to people and I don’t really have the composure of someone over twenty years of age. Oftentimes, that’d end up in the agenda of the Imperial Parliament.”

Roswaal: “Your employer’s name is?”

After that question was posed, Cecilus’s eyebrows raised slightly.

He lowered the blade while drawing a foot back. Slowly, he leaned his upper body forward,

Cecilus: “Gossip around has them down as a wretch, a fiend, and I’ve even heard some speaking ill in their back, calling them the Purge King… But to you, because I’ve been asked to communicate the correct name to you…”

With that as the preface, Cecilus wet his lips with his tongue.

After a dramatic pause, he revealed.

Cecilus: “――――”

With that name as an expression of power reaching his ears, Cecilus disappeared, cracking the floor of the mansion.

That he had vanished from the world, it was fast enough to mistake for that.

On that moment, the moniker of Blue Lightning truly befitted the man approaching like a bolt of electricity.

The distance was crossed instantaneously.

However, at that same instant, Roswaal weakly parted his lips, muttering,

Roswaal: “So it was you, after all.”

Even before the sound of those words appeared in the world, the Dream Sword drew an arc.

Just before everything went dark, Roswaal’s consciousness thought.

About those girls currently at the mansion, and their safety.

About those girls who had been become collateral damage in the path to his dearest wish, and had ultimately been left with no happiness at all.

――He did not possess neither the qualifications nor the time to apologize in those final moments, and so anything and everything vanished.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Door Crossing’s mechanism was a simple one, which functioned by connecting the entrance to the Forbidden Library to another doorway.

Due to that straightforward effect, the versatility of Door Crossing was quite high, and she was proud of this outstanding magic. But just like any other magic, Door Crossing was not wholly flawless as well.

If its method were revealed that useful nature could turn into weakness. Because of this, the existence of the Forbidden Library and the effect of Door Crossing had to be kept hidden from outsiders.

Indeed, outsiders were not supposed to find out about it.

――Henceforth, such a situation was inevitable, she thought.

Beatrice: “What irony, I suppose.”

At the moment the door to the Forbidden Library’s was touched, Beatrice herself already understood that they would be let inside.

That spacious mansion with its countless doors to choose from existed, and yet, Beatrice had forcibly been guided to a single one.

That method was simple―― a situation where the other doors could not open would do the trick.

The method to halt Door Crossing was to remove any choice of doors to connect to.

That task had been carried out with diligence, and so the doors that could be opened in the mansion had now been limited to one. And that who had helped in discovering this method must have been her dear brother, she somewhat understood.

Being put off-balance by this realization was inevitable. Because that was a common law for both their existences――

But even taking that into account, begrudging her dear brother was not fitting for her. Because of this, Beatrice, without holding any sort of resentment for her brother, instead quietly faced the door that had been opened.

???: “――Yo, Beatrice.”

Calling out to Beatrice from the other side of the open door, they waved their hand.

That voice and attitude, she remembered it. Because of this, Beatrice’s body shivered with fear.

The face from her memories, and the face now seen in front of her, not every detail seemed to match up.

While it was in concordance with the general parts of her memory, they were already almost like another person.

Beatrice: “You, why are you giving me that look, in fact?”

To that dark, dark gaze ahead of her, Beatrice shook her head.

Far from improving, it had changed in a way that drew even more revulsion.

That rare-to-find black hair and black eyes remained, yet the hair had lost its luster, while in those eyes that had lost their shine darkened emotions were dimly revealed.

Surrounding those eyes reminiscent of gloom were deep dark circles, thin and frail cheeks lay underneath, and what could be seen of the fingers displayed a corpse-like pallor.

With long dark clothes wrapping their body, exposure of the skin minimized―― among that united uniform of black, what stuck out was a bright orange scarf. Just that, and that alone, was quite strongly betraying their gloomy impression.

Some years had passed.

But despite that, too much had changed. How could a human become so different?

Beatrice: “You, your mood has seriously changed, I suppose.”

Human: “Same goes for you, then. Is your growth spurt over? Normally, you’d become a little more mature after two years have passed.”

In a blank voice, to Beatrice’s words they replied with a joke.

Two years, was it? If that person said so, then certainly that would be the amount of time that had gone by.

Just two years, from Beatrice’s perspective, was like the blink of an eye. To humans, especially to the one standing now in her sight, how meaningful would those years be, she wondered.

――Was that stretch of time so meaningful for that boy, who had been near death, to return for revenge like this?

Human: “Do you remember, Beatrice? We ate together here.”

Beatrice: “――That memory does not exist, in fact. Eating together with you never happened, I suppose.”

At the words of that human, Beatrice crinkled her brows.

The two were facing each other in the dining room, on the first floor of the mansion. White cloth draped the table, and in the center seat was that person, asking Beatrice a mysterious question.

Human: “…Ah, that’s right. You, yeah, you wouldn’t know that. Yeah, that’s my bad. That just now, it was my bad. It’s always my bad.”

Beatrice: “What happened… No, it’s not something that needs to be heard now at this point, in fact.”

For a single moment, in Beatrice’s heart hesitation brushed past.

But, that girl in the blink of an eye commanded herself to seal away those unnecessary distractions. And then. Towards that troubling human, she pointed her small palm.

There, with her sense of pride as the Librarian who guarded the Forbidden Library―― Or rather, it was her fleeting sense of duty, a desire to martyr herself for her part, a part no one wished upon her.

Beatrice: “You might have a righteous right to wish for revenge, I suppose. Even so, Betty has, for Betty, a role to fulfill, in fact. For that…”

Human: “――――”

With strength, Beatrice focused on her own role, glaring at him to suppress any violence from that person.

Seeing this, his expression tensed slightly. Something, perhaps an attempt to endure some difficult feeling could be seen, and at the moment Beatrice set down her foot――

Human: “Come on now, Beatrice―― Wasn’t there a Contract to protect me?”

――At that moment, in Beatrice was born a lethal hesitation.

Beatrice: “…Ah.”

Contract , at that sound Beatrice’s whole body was pierced with shock, and she grew stiff.

And that rigidness did not unravel itself, unchanging, regardless of what Beatrice’s will was. Something of the mind was not the culprit. Physically, her movement had been blocked. That was――

???: “Forgive me. With this, you won’t be able to move.”

At Beatrice’s side, having risen from the shadows, one person had manifested there.

Wearing a disheveled black kimono and biting on a gold-colored kiseru [6] pipe with the sharp teeth that lined its mouth, there stood a beastman―― a tall man, with a wolfen visage.

He gazed downwards at her with slitted eyes, as Beatrice only came up to his waist. Finding no emotion in those small pupils, Beatrice’s throat let out a squeak,

Beatrice: “That, is…”

Human: “A mysterious shinobi technique of binding shadows, something of the sort. Think of it as a secret art [7] . No need for concern however, it shouldn’t be active for very long… You are my benefactor, after all.”

Rigid, her body’s freedom taken away from her, Beatrice could do nothing but listen to that voice.

There was no trembling in the words he spoke, no mistakes in the memories he shared. Slowly rising from his seat, and drawing nearer to her side, that person’s eyes were dark, but any signs of discomfort could not be found in them.

To get revenge, was that person’s reason for finding this place, Beatrice had concluded. But the glint in that human’s eyes could not be perceived by Beatrice as one of revenge.

In those black eyes filled with dim light, some feeling that was ripping at his chest could be found.

Human: “Back then, you let me run away, and now I’m still here. That’s definitely something I wanted to tell you.”

Beatrice: “If this is your method for that… You really are an aggravating man, I suppose… Definitely aggravating.”

Human: “I’m sorry about that. But, I figured something out, Beatrice.”

Interrupting Beatrice’s jagged speech, he slowly shook his head. Those lips, drawn in the shape of a smile, silently looked down at Beatrice.

If she thought about it, had she ever seen this person smile like this? Back then, when she had let him spend many hours in the Forbidden Library.

At that recalling Beatrice, he put out his hand, and said,

Human: “――That you and I, we’re of the same kind, that is.”

Beatrice: “――――”

The corners of his eyes sagged, and only now did his eyes return to how they had been before, to how the eyes of the boy had first been.

The boy had returned to how he had been during those few days at the mansion, before becoming this weird being.

Human: “At that time, I had no other path but to die, but you didn’t give up on me, you saved me. Even now, how many times, how many times do the thoughts of that red-glowing sunset come to my mind.”

Beatrice: “You…”

Human: “I’m still thankful for that, Beatrice… Why didn’t you kill me, back then?”

Beatrice: “――Kh.”

Were those words of gratitude, or of resentment?

Regardless, Beatrice had been blindsided by the words spoken by a face displaying both joy and sorrow.

So this was the work of her influence, the all-consuming despair in his heart, she accepted.

As if naturally, that rigid hold on her body which made her uneasy came undone, and her outstretched arm dropped down. But, in this newfound freedom, her willingness to resist was already gone.

That cause and effect had been flipped around was quite easy to understand.

Human: “Beatrice, I’m thankful for you. I think I probably did like you. Within that time, only you truly drew close to me, those are my thoughts.”

Beatrice: “…That is, the lowest confession.”

Human: “I don’t disagree.”

At his words, Beatrice replied with empty feelings.

And then, in that thinly smiling boy’s black eyes, Beatrice saw the truth―― the dark emotions within were so familiar to her, she realized.

It was a most foul lesion that would nestle in the hearts of many beings, eventually eroding all hope.

―――A disease called despair, within him, within herself, had been quietly nesting.

Human: “Halibel, a kunai [8] .”

At that request, the beastman standing by Beatrice raised his eyebrows.

Silently, looking on at those two’s exchange of questions and answers, the beastman now shook his kiseru up and down.

Halibel: “…Ya sure?”

Human: “A kunai .”

Having been once again ordered, that beastman swung his left arm high.

Then, a black lump of steel pierced the floor of the dining room with a thud. Crouching down, retrieving it, he left its weight on his palm.

It let off a dull gleam, this dark-colored metal. It had a simple form for cutting down life.

Human: “I’m so happy that you remembered our Contract.”

He did take advantage of it, such a thought occurred to her.

However. That it was truly a fleeting view of a distant joy, he spoke with that kind of voice. To blame him somehow, that feeling did not really appear in her.

Human: “You are so lovely, with those colors that suit you…”

Beatrice: “――――”

At that moment, Beatrice’s eyes opened wide, and filled with heavy tears.

In her blurry sight, that person gently overlooking her was there. As she blinked, tears began to flow down her cheeks. Shedding tears like that, to gaze at his appearance to the end, was what she wished.

He had stated that himself and herself were of the same kind.

Then, there was definitely a reason, there was a reason as to why he was here for her.

What she had done at that time, it had greatly affected his life unknowingly.

If that was how it had ended up being, then that was how it was going to return to her.

If he, now, for Beatrice, was doing this, to try and save her――

Beatrice: “Are you…”

Human: “――――”

With a numbly stiff tongue, shivering and shaking, Beatrice weaved speech.

Those words that came out like a sigh, when heard by the boy standing right in front of her eyes, caused him to cease moving.

He was giving her the time. For bitter words, or whatever it may be, he would accept everything, that kind of resolve could be seen.

To that determination, Beatrice――

Beatrice: “――Are you, Betty’s That Person?”

That question’s meaning, he would definitely not understand.

That there would be an answer, Beatrice was not even hoping for that much.

It was just, if it was her end, if it was that which had come looking for her, she must try to hear it still.

Human: “Yeah.”

――So, with that smiling, agreeing appearance, Beatrice’s heart was crushed and broken.

There was dearness in that smile, kindness in those words, and a blessing in that raised blade.

Human: “I’m, That Person.”

Once more, a large teardrop, flowing over that girl’s reddened cheeks, fell.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: “There’s a proverb where I used to live, something like, a drowning man will even clutch at straws.”

Facing down towards the floor’s red carpet, a man was listening to the voice.

That carpet, his face was very close to it.

There was also another thing that was close; the intervals between the man’s breaths. The beat of his heart rang in his ears like bell that had been sped-up, the feeling in his body was that of having just finished sprinting over distant fields.

He looked to be reaching sixty, an old man.

Not just his son, but his grandchildren too had grown up, he showed the marks of having lived a long and fitting life.

His position was such that he’d had to deal with many a people. Having had a long and brilliant career, this man had been entrusted with much by those around him.

That he was out of the ordinary, he did not have any thoughts of bragging like that. But having been born with a wit beyond the norm, he had resolved to live a life of abundance.

And that was why, in his current situation, he could not help but wonder whether he was in a dream or in an illusion. He could not believe it.

――He was down on his knees, in front of an opponent no older than his own grandchildren.

???: “Straw, do you know what’s that? Maybe there’s straw like what I’m thinking of here… Like wheat, something like that. The one in the water’s so desperate, that even knowing how useless it is, they’ll grab at it with all their might.”

Old Man: “――――”

???: “To put it plainly, dying humans will desperately try to survive no matter what, that’s the meaning of the proverb. It’s different from using brute force in case of a fire. They’re still thinking of turning their fortunes, but to grasp at straws is just a stupid idea.”

Smoothly, the voice above his head gave his words.

Of what was being said most seemed pointless, but not one word, not one phrase could be missed, for fear of somehow raising his ire. Not when repulsive rumors about what harmful things would happen in such a case were piled up like mountains.

Having emerged just two years ago, that boy had been spoken of in cruel and horrific spreading rumors ever since.

All that opposed him, their families, all those involved would be tracked down by any means necessary to be made an example of. With irresistible force he had kept resolutely expanding that association, Pleiades, as its leader.

With his terrifying success and his unparalleled ability of evaluation, people had bestowed the boy with a title.

――The Purge King.

Purge King: “――――”

The old man was kneeling in a place where, this organization’s headquarters lay hidden in the shadow of the Four Great Nations, started for the purpose of controlling the underworld society.

Luxurious paintings, extravagant decorations and items had been gathered in this room, the organization’s reception hall, a sight most obscene.

As for the location of the King, serving as its leader, he sat on the throne, at the back of the room―― it could rightly be called treasure, on that supreme throne he looked down on his guests.

It was a dazzling and opulent setup, and the money spent on it was enough to make one’s head spin. That violent fortune transgressed one’s eyeballs, for a in a human lifespan, even multiplied thousandfold, no, two-thousandfold, it could not be reached.

That this was a demonstration of the organization’s―― no, of the King’s power, even idiots could understand with a glance. And even if someone incapable of understanding such were to have arrived at this very room, they would never be seeing the light of day again.

Simple displays of power, mere shows of wealth were not worth anything in comparison.

Lining the walls were dozens of men, all possessing renowned names, all either top mercenaries or soldiers. All of this, had it been possible to utilize money to gain their following, and that had been how it had been carried out, what had been the cost?

Even if they only numbered a few dozen, to maintain this army, massive financial power would be needed.

Moreover, among that crowd where only the best of the best had been gathered, motivated by money, there was the pair at the left and right of the throne, those transcendental existences. For the kneeling old man, they were adequately enough to intoxicate his consciousness.

――Those extraordinary transcendentals were the Admirer, Halibel, and the Blue Lightning, Cecilus Segmunt.

Of the Kararagi City-States, and of the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

Each respectively holding the name of the strongest in their countries, those two were present side-by-side. As for how that young boss’ violent hold had gone uncontested since this association’s sudden appearance, there was no better evidence than this.

Purge King: “Sigrum-san?”

Sigrum: “――――”

At the moment his name was called, his state of mind having gone dim, that man’s―― Sigrum’s heart became frozen.

Looking on, resting his chin on his arm, the Purge King, smile gone from his face, was gazing at Sigrum with dark eyes.

As if his heart was being directly squeezed, Sigrum panted.

He must create an excuse soon, something, so his oxygen-deprived lips shivered. However, at that Sigrum’s fragile response, the Purge King’s shoulders shrank.

Purge King: “Ahh, for making you bored, I apologize. Having my stories get off-topic’s a bad habit of mine since long ago, and if I talk in this roundabout way we might never get to the point.”

Sigrum: “I-I am fine… that, is…”

Purge King: “I’m talking.”

Sigrum: “――――”

With a finger of his right hand held to his lips, the King’s left hand was pointed at him.

His excuses interrupted by that quiet remark, his back became slick with cold sweat. A silence of several seconds, in which his body felt like it had frozen over, and once a time that felt like eternity had passed,

Purge King: “…Sorry. I didn’t mean to threaten you. It’s just that, these two people here, and these others present all follow me because I hired them, but that’s not your case, is it? So, then, how should I say it… I acted in a manner I’m used to, sorry.”

Sigrum: “――――”

The speaker’s tone was quiet and conveyed respect. That made it feel all the more anomalous.

The Purge King was polite, respectful of his opponents, and yet, just like that without hesitation he would also carry out violence on them.

The King’s tone in treating others with words, showed none of his hidden intentions to those who listened. The terrified eyes of the boy were bereft of confidence, yet that narrowed gaze actually pierced through to peer at inner thoughts, the entirety of his nerves observing with strong attention to the other party’s moves.

Those darkened black irises asked only one question.

――Are you, my friend, or my enemy, I wonder.

Sigrum: “――――”

Of course, that he was not an enemy, he must assert.

However, Sigrum’s words had been sealed, having just been vocally forbidden from answering.

Making a sound, or responding with his eyes, showing with his attitude, would it wear that person’s patience?

With such a fear capturing the elder’s heart, those few seconds of his life felt like an eternity, the longest of his life.

Laughing this off as an exaggeration, not a single person had survived trying that.

The organization’s stance was merciless, and its tendrils reached the core of the underworld of the Four Great Nations. They already had become an irremovable sore.

To survive was to avoid being entangled in that diseased portion in the first place, as overcoming that illness after the fact was impossible.

And so, the sole method of surviving. Was to offer complete submission and to ready all answers in advance, it was only that.

An incurable illness he had tried to avoid at all costs. But ultimately, unable to escape it, the old man had come to this place.

With all his replies already prepared beforehand, with determination having chosen to submit, he had come.

However, Sigrum had come to understand here how naïve that idea had been.

As if hands and feet had been tied, and he had been tossed in the water while unable to move, his breathing labored, his lips panting in search of oxygen. On land, in this room, he was drowning in that gaze.

Sigrum: “――――”

Not a disease. But a curse.

The Purge King, he was ruled over by an indelible curse.

Morbid fear clouded his eyes, and unending doubt gnawed away at his heart.

He was afraid of humans. His opponent was fearing, was doubting, was hating.

He himself possessed the strongest fear buried within him, and with this same curse he was eating away at others, all others that came across it were infected with the same.

Like drowning, the King had said first. It was just as he had said.

Now, if it seemed like a chance, Sigrum would try to grab at straws or at anything.

Purge King: “So, hmm… So, the straw story. A story of desperately trying to survive… Hm, it’s understandable. Sigrum-san came to our place to talk to us, to try and make sense of this idea.”

Sigrum: “――――”

Purge King: “I’m fond of reasonable people. People who’re willing to talk are much more trustworthy than those who just punch you in the face out of nowhere. I don’t know what sort of nefarious rumors you’ve heard of us, but I want to request you to not judge us according to those… I prefer to avoid making waves if possible.”

While speaking those words, the Purge King spread his left hand in the other’s direction. And that offering gesture of the hand was like he was yielding the turn to speak.

Sigrum: “Ah.”

At that moment, as if the stiffness had come unraveled, a breath leaked out from Sigrum’s lips.

For a single moment, he was seized by the fear of annoying the King’s senses, but the young man in front of his eyes did not react. That domineering, patient silence, seemed to be leading Sigrum onwards.

Purge King: “Sigrum-san?”

Sigrum: “No..thing… My apologies. In what regards my side, it is as stated in the offer sent by letter. I wish for good relations with all members of your organization, from now on and for a long time.”

With words chosen carefully, taking care to avoid showing excess humility, Sigrum expressed his position on the matter.

Hearing that, the Purge King narrowed his eyes, but after mulling it over for a while he smiled.

Purge King: “――――”

Seeing that sudden smiling expression match the age of its owner, Sigrum was surprised.

Having surprised Sigrum, the King proffered a deep nod, and,

Purge King: “Let’s have a nice partnership, Sigrum-san. The details will be discussed with the person in charge later on… This was the best and wisest choice for you.”

Sigrum: “Ah…”

Purge King: “Please continue to treat our association favorably from here after.”

His hand raised, while smiling the Purge King concluded the meeting.

At those words, Sigrum slowly lifted his body. His body had grown stiff from kneeling, and so his posture briefly faltered, but enduring it with difficulty he then let out a long breath.

Sigrum: “Thank you very much. From now on, this side will display favor towards you.”

Purge King: “Hmm.”

Somehow concealing the numbness of his tongue, his final words concluded the talk.

And so, with his task being fulfilled, Sigrum bowed to the assenting Purge King, and turned back.

Sigrum: “――――”

In his heart that was bouncing and shifting, a strong sense of relief and achievement was blowing like a storm.

His body that had felt heavily weighted down up until a few seconds ago, suddenly felt like it was floating. And with naturally lightened footsteps, the faces of his family members waiting for him to return home rose in his head one-by-one.

Having braved this violent wave, somehow his wish had been granted.

Sigrum: “――?”

It was at that time.

From behind him, a very faint sound was heard.

A sound familiar to the ear, the sound of a coin.

It was very similar to a single coin slipping from the hand, and hitting the floor.

Purge King: “Tails.”

One short word, a voice was heard saying.

What that was , Sigrum’s mind wondered, and faster than he could understand――

Sigrum: “――――”

The elder’s view tilted, becoming even with the floor.

Even more so than when he was kneeling, the carpet had suddenly grown closer―― And that was the last he felt.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Halibel: “――――”

Towards the fall of the man’s decapitated body, Halibel was gazing with narrowed eyes.

Brilliant handiwork.

The limbs of the old man’s corpse had not jerked, and the head, now fallen on the carpet, was still unaware of its demise. The corpse was like a corpse that had lost only its life and nothing more, and it was because of this that it could be called an artfully-created corpse.

But a corpse was naught but a corpse, and to judge it as splendid was not a hobby he indulged in himself.

Purge King: “Oh, ueh… Kh.”

Watching the sight of the bleeding corpse, the boy on the throne held his mouth firmly closed.

He had seen the moment of a person turning into a cadaver many times already, but as his temperament was sensitive, he showed no sign of getting used to it.

???: “Acting like that towards the dead, isn’t it insulting after giving these orders? I wouldn’t ask for you to become used to corpses, but maybe you should at least to aspire to avoid creating them, how about that?”

Purge King: “I’m not killing for enjoyment as well… I’m not. I’m unable to look straight at such a scene, but I’m present anyway. It’s the least I can do…”

???: “That’s being deceitful.”

His employer holding a handkerchief in front of his mouth, fighting off nausea, his colleague’s words held no absolution towards him.

Of course, there at the right side―― was Cecilus. That his employer did not show fury at this was evidence he knew his actions had the marks of deception.

While looking at the young boy whose face had grown as pale as the corpse’s, Cecilus, with an offhand “Anyhow”, continued to speak. His gaze was still directed at the corpse of that poor, fallen old man.

Cecilus: “I’m more so astonished at that contradiction of yours, boss [9] . The conversation ended so peacefully, to give a sudden order to kill is quite surprising even for you.”

While speaking as such, Cecilus with dissatisfaction puffed up his cheeks. It was not quite appropriate behavior for a man in his twenties, but considering the immaturity of his mind, it was an action that fit Cecilus greatly.

His human sort of beauty, and his regular behavior was what was allowing this conduct.

Anyway, to Cecilus’s point, the boy contorted his cheeks,

Purge King: “And I did tell you, I didn’t want to have him killed. Like I told him, I wanted to believe it. It didn’t look like he was lying or anything, either.”

Cecilus: “Then, why?”

Purge King: “Even if does not seem like they’re lying, liars are gonna lie, after all.”

The boy that knelt on the throne bit his lip as Cecilus gazed on at him with curiosity on his face.

On that horribly dry way of life, an unshakably strong will could be glimpsed.

Halibel and Cecilus both were unknowing of what had happened in his past.

However, in that person’s past, a situation must have happened to make him adopt this belief.

Something akin to, the experience of a person close to him who had hidden away suspicion and self-interest in their heart all while smiling, then spewing hatred and murderous intent with the very same fingers and lips that had been kind to him.

Such a past must have taught this boy.

Purge King: “First cut the buds, then break apart the branches. I’ll never be fooled twice.”

Tightly, the boy grabbed his own shoulder and pressed his own fingernails over the cloth, into his skin. Those nails ruthlessly clawed into it; that skin was being torn, that blood was oozing was certain.

That self-harm was, to him, a necessary ritual to maintain himself. The subordinates that had been with him for long knew of it, and so, nobody stopped it.

As if soon satisfied with the pain, the boy slowly rose from the throne,

Purge King: “The corpse, make it neat and bury it. And an envoy’s to be sent to their shop. Everything’s to be confiscated, but if they follow along, do not treat them poorly. If they refuse, then purge the family and burn the store. When the takeover ends, have the next one in charge greet you. With that, it’ll be decided whether to destroy them or not.”

With a calm tone, the boy ordered so those in the room could hear him.

Those were rough instruction that someone should follow, but not anyone in specific.

These requests that did not worry about the process, but rather only with the result, made the group successful. By focusing on the accomplishments of the association, not that of any one person, the perfect system of the organization could be maintained.

Everyone possessed reasons and weaknesses, which forced them to undertake them.

And so, rather than risking having everything being taken away from them if someone were to be opportunistic, everyone would do their best―― It was a sort of ideal workplace environment.

――As an example of that everything, it could be family, a lover, wealth, life, many other things.

That was the guideline of the boy presenting himself as the leader of the association. To hold onto those things as insurance, to keep things as a safety measure.

This was the cowardly boy’s, the Purge King’s, way of fighting.

???: “Boss, ya forgot yer coat.”

Purge King: “Ah, thank you.”

Standing behind the boy headed toward the doorway, Halibel gently draped a black coat over his shoulders.

Just slightly draping that on his shoulders, he also added a word of reminder―― Immediately after that Halibel’s whiskers grew numb with the detected faint killing intent. At its intensity, Halibel lowered his eyes.

The source of that intent, he did not have to check, it was the boy in eyeshot.

Probably, it was because he had stood behind him.

Purge King: “…Halibel-san, I do not want to kill you.”

Halibel: “Hahaha, then ya can just, not do it. Instead, just use me well.”

Purge King: “But wouldn’t it be the worst to destroy oneself by having too many tools… That’d be a pretty shitty way to die.”

Mumbling to himself, pondering on methods to kill the aide behind him, the boy put on his jacket.

Those grumbling words had been quickly brushed off, but the boy’s words were not a joke. He would, if it was possible, try to kill Halibel.

It was simply that, the effort it took to kill, the insufficiency of his preparation to kill, and the trouble brought about after the killing, it was merely that which had inclined him towards not killing, all these were factors as to why he was leaning towards not killing him.

Cecilus: “Boss, boss. These offerings that person brought, where should they be moved to?”

Purge King: “Offered goods… The contents, what were they?”

Cecilus: “Contents were… Ah, there’s a magic stone. From where did they learn of boss’s tastes? They’d come having paid that much regard, truly, I feel even more sorry for them.”

Purge King: “Lopping off his head was Cecilus-san’s idea so…”

At the room’s entrance, the boy, having been stopped, twisted his cheeks in annoyance. And at that breezy attitude of Cecilus, he sighed,

Purge King: “The magic stone, I’ll ask you to put it in my room. Other than that, do with them as you all prefer.”

Cecilus: “Yes, yes, definitely understood. And, boss.”

Purge King: “…What is it.”

The boy let out a moody voice. Cecilus brought a finger to his eye, tracing it,

Cecilus: “Those dark circles are quite severe. Maybe you should sleep softly next to the princess for a while?”

At Cecilus’s words, the boy’s tongue clicked.

Cecilus just laughed it off, but the other men around him froze with tension in their bodies. It was possible that, because of that irritation, Cecilus’s slaying could be ordered.

Of course, if push came to shove, killing Cecilus would be no trivial affair. Using every force available in the building, they would have to try to force a draw with Halibel in the mix as well.

Purge King: “――I’ll think about it.”

Fortunately, the boy did not hastily order this, but with just those words turned away.

With that, relief spread throughout the room, and the men watched the back of the departing leader. That waving Cecilus’s inability to read the mood, had been one of Halibel’s biggest concerns as of late.

Halibel: “Doin’ somethin’ as part of a group really ain’t one of mah strong points either…”

Shaking the kiseru held in his mouth up and down, Halibel gazed at that boy’s departing figure.

Firstly, as the most senior associate, guarding and similar duties were handled by Halibel. However, whether inside or outside the mansion, threats meaning to cause him harm were few.

The former because of fear, the latter because his existence was unknown to many.

Halibel: “――――”

Carefully, Halibel stared over that boy who evaluated everything with narrowed eyes.

In the building that served as the headquarters, the reception room was not the only section decorated with various works of arts and paintings. The flaunting of that violent financial power allowed for a posture of non-aggression.

The display of wealth, the display of power, served as a last resort, so that unneeded enemies would not be made.

Attaining victory without a fight, as the boy had said, would be the ideal.

Naturally, it went without saying that excessive wealth and power would be subject to the jealousy and envy of others. Ultimately, whatever one did, enemies would appear. The boy’s method was then to reduce the number of them, as simple as that.

And, if the quantity of foes were reduced, it would only be necessary to deal with the rest using force later.

Purge King: “Halibel-san… Please watch over Cecilus-san with care, to keep him from going out of control.”

Halibel: “Understood, leave it to me. Boss, are ya goin’ ta see the princess?”

Purge King: “Hmm.”

That he had accepted Cecilus’s suggestion perhaps annoying him, the boy replied with a grimace.

And then, those two pairs of legs reached the innermost section of their organization’s headquarters―― the deepest part of the building named Pandemonium, they had arrived in front of the door of a strictly-guarded room.

――On that door, there were so many keyholes and locks that a person seeing it for the first time might shudder.

The number of keyholes neared fifty, clearly showing the importance of what lay on the other side of this door, as well as the meticulous, tenacious, and obsessed nature of the person that had prepared it.

But, above all, what made the caretaker’s obsession most obvious was the fact that, the keys to fit in those keyholes and open the door, not one of them existed in this world.

In other words, this door could never have been opened by any normal method.

To open it, then――

Purge King: “――Puck.”

Puck: “I’m called, and so I appear, nyanyanyan.”

Receiving the boy’s call, with an exhausting voice and excessive flashes of light, a grey-furred kitten suddenly appeared in the air.

Outwardly presenting a silly attitude and cute appearance, but within holding vast power, that Great Spirit―― the existence known as Puck, floated down and landed on the boy’s shoulder.

Puck: “Yo, you’re here again after quite a while. Is Lia the reason you came?”

Purge King: “The door, open it.”

Puck: “Hmm, what’s with that tone. If you spoil the father’s mood he might not let you see his daughter, you know. If you could understand the feelings of a father with a daughter at such a ripe age just a bit better, it would make me happy…”

Purge King: “Puck.”

On top of his shoulder, Puck was stroking his whiskers. The boy called to him.

Seeing that boy’s face marked with deep dark circles, Puck sighed with a “My oh my”, and then,

Puck: “You endured it until you couldn’t anymore again, didn’t you. It can’t be helped. That effort of yours is commendable, so I’ll let it slide just this once.”

Saying that, with a satisfied air Puck gathered his short arms together and pointed towards the door. And, through the many keyholes devoid of any keys, a faint light poured forth.

Puck: “Click.”

Soon after, the faint lights turned into keys made of ice, and fitting inside the door, the sound of something opening echoed.

The method to open a door that would not open―― the secret was to create a key that did not exist.

Halibel: “It’s admirable how easily ya find blind spots. If there’s a keyhole, it’s kinda normal to find a key that fits it. But if someone tries to imitate this, then it’d become a problem.”

Puck: “There’s also the question of the magical wavelength. If someone other than me tried something similar, you both, and I as well, would be informed of it. And even then, I’m always there with Lia.”

Halibel: “That’s right.”

At Puck’s words, Halibel came to understand and agreed.

Without even paying attention to their exchange, the boy placed his hand on the unlocked door and paused. Behind him, with a face feigning innocence, stood Halibel. The boy gazed up at that face.

Purge King: “Halibel-san, you can go now.”

Halibel: “Is that so? But, I should greet the princess sometimes as well, don’t’cha think…?”

Purge King: “You can go now.”

Those words said without much thought, were flatly rejected.

Halibel certainly accepted that it was an absolute refusal. This was not something worth refusing to budge on, so Halibel chewed on his kiseru and backed off.

Halibel: “If anythin’ happens, feel welcome to summon me.”

Purge King: “――――”

That boy was giving him a warning look, his hand still on the door. And so, Halibel turned his back to him.

Until he turned the corner and could no longer be seen, that boy’s sight was piercing into his back.

His employer and benefactor was always vigilant and fearful, rather than cautious.

Halibel: “Ah, if I said it like that, he will definitely not call out for me then.”

With such listless mumbling, Halibel spewed purple smoke from his pipe while looking overhead.

Smoke hit the ceiling, and with nowhere to go, scattered.

――That it was, somehow, a hint of their future, was the thought that came to his mind.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

That boy’s sleeping face was so quiet, one could believe he’d died.

Purge King: “――――”

Having entrusted his head to her lap, sleeping as if on the brink of death, that boy was the target of Emilia’s gaze.

Around his brows, there were dark circles that looked as if painted on with soot. Caused by and revealing the boy’s serious level of sleep deprivation, and the harsh environment he was in.

Emilia: “It looks like he hasn’t been sleeping again.”

Puck: “It can’t be helped, in his position he’s got no room for relaxing, most likely. Except for when he comes to see Lia and act like a baby, every now and then.”

She stroked his forehead, and organized his lashes with her fingertips. Watching that sleeping face made free by Emilia, the floating Puck wrapped his long tail around his stomach and sighed. Just like that he spun around her and examined Emilia’s personal quarters.

It was a white room.

White walls, white floors. A white ceiling, a white bed, white furniture and white curtains, everything in the room was united with whiteness.

Amidst that, Emilia was draped in thin sleepwear that was likewise white, so it was almost pathological.

This room, was the extent of freedom granted to Emilia―― A bird cage, which she was confined to.

Emilia herself still wondered whether it was appropriate to utilize expressions such as “confined”.

Puck: “Lia, are you still angry at this child?”

Emilia: “…I wonder about that.”

Emilia hesitated in answering to Puck’s question.

It was not that it was difficult to put in words. She was just not sure about her own feelings.

Well, she had definitely been angry at first, but even now they had not yet made up.

To apologize to each other, they did not even have time for that. Without solving that problem, time had simply passed, and daily life had merely continued on.

Emilia: “But, I’m upset with you, Puck. While keeping it a secret from me, you made the plan for leaving all by yourself.”

Puck: “Sorry. But it couldn’t be helped. There was no way I’d entrust you to a Roswaal in that state, right? Dragging someone into a dangerous situation and place, only to then skedaddle out of there’s pretty irresponsible of him. That said, if it’s for Lia’s safety, here’s easily the stand-out option.”

Emilia: “――――”

Puck: “Avoiding harm to Lia, that boy and I were of the same mind.”

So Puck had assented with the secret offer to take Emilia out of Roswaal’s mansion, and had not hesitated with the withdrawal of the Royal Selection and in cooperating with the association.

And with only Emilia unaware of anything, when she finally realized, she had found herself in this white room, a bird caught in a cage――

But that she had no right to criticize Puck’s judgement, Emilia also understood.

Emilia: “Because, in the end, I couldn’t do anything…”

The Royal Selection, to determine the next Monarch of the Kingdom of Lugunica―― in that battle, Emilia had clearly suffered a tragic defeat, contented with a loss by default.

The biggest cause for that was that she had refused to attend the Royal Candidate Meeting. As a result, her participation in the Royal Selection had not been recognized. That meant that Emilia’s sponsor, Roswaal L. Mathers, and her both had fallen in status; that was the meaning of the latter’s unhinged state.

In short, Emilia had not even displayed a will to participate in the Royal Selection, and so her sponsor Roswaal lost his qualifications. The Emilia Camp collapsed before its first task.

And so, Emilia had the ladder pulled from under her, and so been defeated without being able to do anything.

Emilia: “…My wish…”

It was to create a world without discrimination.

Creating a place where the births of half-elves and others would not serve as a definite evaluation of one’s future life, that was clumsy Emilia’s wish.

However, without even being given the chance to be spoken aloud, that wish had disappeared like a dream’s fantasy.

Beyond that wish too, the freeing of Emilia’s hometown―― the task of rescuing the residents of Elior Forest, still in ice-encased slumber, that too she been unable to do.

Puck: “It’d be better to return to the forest rather that living in a defenseless house like that, but Lia was in a situation where even that was impossible. As you can imagine, when the first envoy arrived I was definitely surprised.”

Emilia: “…Reaaally surprised. Because…”

The boy she had come to meet here, Emilia had believed to be dead.

――Her fate of not partaking in the Royal Selection had been determined by the death of the mansion’s maid.

Rem, that was the girl who had become the first victim of the ruckus caused by the Witchbeasts. The boy, an outsider who had briefly been working at the mansion, had been a suspect in her death.

The boy could not endure that suspicious, and so had run away. Chasing him, that Rem’s older sister, Ram, had also left the mansion―― only never to return.

The collapse, probably started from there.

The cause of Rem’s death was discovered to be the curse of the Witchbeasts afterwards, once the damage spread to the nearby village. The two disasters had overlapped, this state unrecoverable.

As a result of the chaos caused by the Witchbeasts, Roswaal had lost his position, without even seizing an opportunity to recover. Emilia had failed to announce her participation in the Royal Selection, and had met defeat without being defeated; a humiliation for her. The mansion was steadily declining towards the worse, heading towards undesired collapse.

It was then.

Swept away by the helplessness of being unable to change anything, Emilia was spending her days listlessly. But one day, that boy, who was supposed to have disappeared, had come to get her.

Emilia: “――――”

Puck had quickly responded to that. But Emilia was feeling angry at that boy.

Without caring about her feelings, without any explanation, not when first disappearing, not even when he returned, without saying anything, he was suddenly taking her away.

He might even have been the catalyst for the start of the collapse of the world surrounding Emilia. Despite that―――

Emilia: “Like that…”

Reunited with Emilia, the boy with a frail face exhausted from fear, even worse than the one he possessed now, had latched on, cried, and begged her for help.

And at that boy bawling like a child, Emilia had forgotten to be angry.

Maybe she was naïve. Maybe she was easy.

And, even then, Emilia did not think herself worthy of scolding him, that boy who seemed like a child, who had eventually exposed his sleeping, baby-like face.

So, the boy would visit Emilia, to find himself salvation.

He would come looking for her, without saying a single word about what he was doing outside her room’s door, just sobbing sadly and talking about his own feelings, entrusting his life to Emilia’s knees.

Whether she was receiving strong trust, or being looked down upon and being humiliated, that depended on what Emilia thought. And Emilia was not able to give any answer to that.

Emilia: “Obviously, this reaaally isn’t healthy…”

That this was not a normal state to be in, even the immature Emilia realized that.

However, Emilia, while accepting that clinging boy’s tears, looking on the form of the boy letting himself rest for nary a moment, in her own inner thoughts she was unsure.

Emilia: “――――”

Speaking of the intervals in which the boy sought Emilia, it was about once every ten days.

Other than that, he was desperately struggling, even cutting back on sleep-time.

Really, they did not exchange many words.

But in this way, the boy would secretly came searching for her, for Emilia, once every ten days.

Emilia: “…Subaru’s such a twit.”

―――That perhaps she longed for those visits, Emilia had grown aware of that.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

―――If a tossed gold coin landed on tails, with just that, anyone would be slain.

At that abnormal method of her master, Frederica could not hide her disgust.

Cleaning a headless corpse that had fallen in the reception hall, Frederica then replaced the sullied carpet, next preparing meals for the mercenaries in Pandemonium.

Frederica: “The fates of others, quite literally left to luck… Do you feel like you have become a god?”

Lifting the whole body of a corpse, Frederica, knowing all too well the reason for her helplessness, clicked her sharp fangs against one another, containing her feelings inside herself while trembling with anger.

Frederica Baumann was employed and working there in the organization because the Purge King, its leader, had a princess―― Emilia, who had vehemently begged on her behalf.

That day, as the mansion filled with chilled air and frost, she had been convinced she was going to lose her life to that traitorous Great Spirit. Yet, for some reason, she had woken up here.

Since then, having been fitted with a collar around her neck, she was being used as a maid, to serve that detestable person.

Why in the world, how inept had her work been so that she was now subjected with this kind of absurd job?

Frederica: “――Master, pardon me, please.”

Her owner’s own meals, it was the rule that Frederica would carry it to his room directly.

He did not entrust this task to anyone else other than Frederica, and would not allow in his mouth food cooked by any other than her. That this was some honorable thing, she had no feeling like that whatsoever.

Firstly, it was not because of taste or trust that Frederica had been entrusted with the task. Merely that Frederica would not try stupid things, was the sort of conviction he held.

???: “Come.”

With the sound of many locks coming undone, a rude order allowed Frederica’s entry into the room.

Following those orders, with the food cart in tow, Frederica stepped foot into the room of her master.

Her master’s room, unlike the luxurious decor and interior of the building, was big, but quite simple and dull, a room lacking in humanity.

The room’s four corners held many books that were not distinguished by subject. Messily piled up books were stacked everywhere, and it was a place the orderly Frederica could not bear. But, that person deeply hated having his room cleaned.

Perhaps he was being wary of something being installed in the room.

Knowing that was impossible, but still being on the lookout for it, was not being cautious but rather cowardly―― definitely, it was contemptible behavior.

Frederica: “Master, should I do the usual with these fallen documents?”

Subaru: “…Hmm. Yeah, please do. You can show them to someone who looks like they understand them.”

With those words, few documents littering the floor of the room, written down in messy handwriting, were waved away by her uninterested master.

At first glance, they simply seemed to be discarded, messed-up drafts, but they in fact were the source of the organization’s wealth―― The many mysterious creations brought about by the Purge King.

Subaru: “It might not be very helpful… Engines or things like that, I don’t get the mechanism at all. As expected, different kinds of food are the easiest to figure out…”

Mumbling complaints, looking somewhere other than here was her master.

He would speak of knowledge and culture that no one had ever seen, discovered or noticed, be it leads or the ultimate results.

By meeting lots of people, that black-haired boy had repeatedly made great decisions―― like he had been marked by fate, he had many unique ideas, and as a pioneer of culture had been granted cleverness.

With those many pieces of knowledge he spoke of, the experts of fields of study that had been in slumber had been lit with a new flame.

Those experts would examine and discuss that boy’s joking words, which represented possibilities incomprehensible to ordinary people, with seriousness, and ultimately established them into theories.

And so, with that producing enormous profits, the boy who possessed nothing had been nurtured into a great villain.

Subaru: “At this point, calling it an unparalleled kata [10] made of future knowledge isn’t even funny.”

Frederica remembered that her master had mumbled such strange words in reply to having his achievements praised, in the past. She also recalled that he had not been smiling at all when speaking those words.

And so, on one hand causing many people to suffer, on the other giving rise to much happiness, her dark-haired master was quite dishonest.

Even as a problematic existence that humanity should remedy, in his brain there was definite value.

This unreachable being, was definitely one-of-a-kind in this world in regards to being difficult to handle, there was no doubt―― maybe in that sense, he might have had something in common with Roswaal.

Frederica: “――――”

Subaru: “Frederica, the food. First, have a bite.”

Even while preoccupied in her thoughts, Frederica was steadily readying the meal to be served.

This boy was only skin and bones, skeletal in appearance. It was not that his portions were lacking, the issue was largely mental.

Having given and taken many wounds, while living comfortably he was comparably quite skinny in appearance. As the manager of his meals, it did not make her feel great, but he probably was not vomiting because he wanted to.

Frederica: “Master, with this.”

Why had meals been prepared for two?

All menus were for two, placed on large plates, and set on the table. And from every plate’s meal Frederica ate a single bite, as to check for the presence of poison was one of her roles.

She had never thought about poisoning him. But that she wanted to, that she did.

It was just that, for Frederica, the work of a maid had taken up much of her life, and it was precious to her. With the people that had taught her, and those involved with her, in her mind, she did not want to commit acts of violence.

Frederica: “Then, I will be outside, if there is anything please call for me.”

Subaru: “Hmm.”

During meals, her master did not enjoy being seen.

Because of that, having finished with readying the meal, Frederica felt it was time to leave and was withdrawing from the room.

On this day as well, she intended to leave the room and wait outside―― when suddenly, something caught her eye.

Spread out over the desk was a written list, holding the names of the organization’s members.

Placed next to that list, a gold coin could be seen.

At that moment, having realized the meaning of that, Frederica could not hide the fear running down her back.

Frederica: “Master――”

Subaru: “Frederica.”

With her turning around, void black eyes were gazing at Frederica, who had called for her master.

Frederica’s breath was robbed by that abyss. In front of her, her master slowly approached the desk and covered that unfolded list.

And then, flipping the gold coin just next to it with a thumb,

Subaru: “――Heads.”

With a carefree noise, that tossed coin fell into the boy’s left hand. Catching it, and having checked the side facing up, that boy smiled at Frederica.

Subaru: “It was heads, Frederica―― Your brother and grandmother are safe.”

Frederica: “――Ah.”

Subaru: “Get out. And don’t come back until I say you may enter.”

At her master’s words, Frederica nodded like a doll without speaking.

And so, unable to hide the tears in her eyes welling up, she left the room as her cheeks were moistened by hot tears. Soon after, Frederica began to run while covering her face.

Frederica: “Uh, uhhh… Waaaaah!”

She could not tell, not anyone, not anything. Sharing would not be forgiven.

Why had it become like this?

Why had this happened to her?

Those far-away days at the mansion, with those not-cute-at-all juniors, that cute junior, that hopeless master―― Where had those times gone?

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Having received word from a secret messenger, Cecilus closed one eye and looked up at the moon.

Cecilus: “Hmm, hmmhmm, hmmhmmhmmmm~.”

Twisting his neck and bending at the waist, low enough that the tips of his long hair could brush the ground, he tilted his form.

By nature, thinking had never been his best attribute. Cecilus had not received formal education, and had lived with no intention of learning things in the first place. In years, his life numbered around twenty, but he had spent it all on one thing only.

Many years he had spent only on swinging a sword, his swordsmanship a point of pride.

Since it was a life of only that, in his heart of hearts he wished to avoid difficult matters.

Cecilus: “Well now, how should this be done. As for me…”

Straightening his bent body, Cecilus shook the dust from his hair that had been touching the floor. And placing a hand on the sword at his waist, then turning back with a dance-like move,

Cecilus: “Hey, Halibel-san. What do you think?”

Halibel: “―――What, it’s disgraceful that you’ve found me while I was keepin’ quiet, and ya were bein’ so unashamed.”

On the castle’s―― on Pandemonium’s balcony, underneath the light of the moon with the sky overhead, from the shadows the beastman shinobi appeared.

Having been detected, Halibel scratched his head, and approached Cecilus, the latter’s face undaunted.

Retrieving the kiseru from his pocket and inserting it in his mouth, he lighted its tip. Inhaled, and puffed out purple haze.

Halibel: “Just now, who was that messenger sneakin’ about?”

Cecilus: “That? ――Let’s just say, that was one of the Nine Divine Generals, but… Well, if it’s Halibel-san, the top shinobi in the world, it’s no wonder they were found.”

Halibel: “Ce-san, y’ain’t suited for secret stuff at all. Haven’t’cha revealed that ya never broke off ties with the Vollachian Empire just now?”

Cecilus: “But, Halibel-san, weren’t you already aware of that?”

Halibel: “――――”

Halibel, already with an awkward grin, at Cecilus’s comment smiled even deeper.

That this was not a negative sign, Cecilus was frankly aware of it.

Cecilus: “Originally, working with the boss was as per His Excellency’s order. Of course, that I fell for the boss’s invitation and came to this side isn’t a lie.”

Halibel: “With the Empire’s collar ‘round yer neck… Well, Su-san’s movements, if used well, it’d be easy to turn them into a profit to yer country. That knowledge from somewhere unknown’d be more readily accepted in Kararagi and Vollachia rather than Lugunica and Gusteko.”

Cecilus: “It would, yes.”

Drawing his hand into his kimono sleeves, Cecilus acknowledged that he was a spy.

Cecilus’s reason for cooperating with the organization’s activities, as he had stated, was to follow the orders of Vollachia’s Emperor. However, the Emperor, knowing Cecilus’s temperament, had not given specific instructions. Not that he could have remembered them even if he did.

Cecilus’s role, as commanded, was to――

Cecilus: “All I gotta do is kill who the boss orders be killed, aside from His Excellency. So, it’s just the usual.”

Halibel: “Ce-san, aren’t’cha even more of an assassin than I, a shinobi, am?”

Cecilus: “No, no, definitely not true, I mean, stuff like lurking in the water, or hiding poison on my person, or rising from the shadows is impossible for me.”

Shaking his head and hands, Cecilus humbly responded by acknowledging the difference between their respective areas.

As a shinobi, as an assassin, he was far behind Halibel. But, if fighting head-on, Halibel was no match for Cecilus.

Cecilus: “Well then, having just caught me at the scene of me meeting with a secret messenger, what are you thinking of doing? Are you planning on fighting me with your life on the line here?”

Halibel: “That depends on the nature of the message.”

Cecilus: “Hmm, you mean its contents.”

Halibel: “If its contents’d mean Su-san’s death, I guess I gotta fight to stop that.”

Holding his kiseru between his fingers, letting out a puff of violet smoke, Halibel’s fur fluttered in the cold night breeze.

Hearing he was ready to fight to the death for his master, Cecilus, with an “I see”, nodded his head.

Cecilus: “I’ve been wondering for a long time now. Why’s Halibel-san acting for the boss? It’s not out of sincerely loyalty to His Excellency like me.”

Halibel: “To repay a grace I received.”

Cecilus: “――What can it be, the sort of favor that Halibel-san received?”

Those unexpected words had come rushing out, and, having listened to them, Cecilus asked with sincere surprise. Depending on the person, this would be brazen enough to be considered rude, but Halibel did not say anything in particular.

Instead, Halibel gazed up at the moon hanging in the night sky――

Halibel: “’Round the time I first met Su-san, there was a bit of an incident in a corner of Kararagi. That, well, it was an incident that involved the Four Great Spirits… Su-san dealt with it.”

Cecilus: “Huuuh, the Four Great Spirits! I know one of them, but they can’t really be talked with, you know. Can’t believe they were calmed down… Huh, perhaps the boss’s stronger than I thought…”

Halibel: “Nah, nah. It wasn’t an aggressive situation like that. What did… Well, I dunno what was the deciding factor, for sure. But you know how Su-san’s got some weird predications at times? It was prolly that.”

Returning his blade to its sheath, Cecilus with one eye closed listened to Halibel’s explanation.

The reason that felt both convincing and doubtful was because Cecilus appraised that boy, his boss, similarly, in certain aspects.

Halibel had called them weird predictions, but Cecilus did not look at it like that.

To prepare for anything was the weapon of a coward, he thought. And, Cecilus thought it desirable to respect the strong.

That meant that, no matter the method of fighting, one who would greedily use anything to win would be acknowledged as a warrior by him.

Cecilus: “Well, as a strong one among swordsmen, if possible, sticking with a sword fits me the best.”

Halibel: “Ce-san, Ce-san, are ya done with my talk?”

Cecilus: “Yes, that is enough. Anyway, it wasn’t that I thought of suspecting Halibel-san or anything like that. Unlike the Empire, the City-States is more like a mish-mash of heads… If you told me you were working for someone else, I’d trust you a lot more.”

With that declaration, Halibel seemed worn out and disappointed. At that, Cecilus tilted his head, and with an “Ah”, as if he had remembered something, clapped his hands together.

Cecilus: “Right, right, I was forgetting. The secret messenger I got in touch with a while ago.”

Halibel: “It’s okay to tell me?”

Cecilus: “If I don’t tell you, I think that’d cause a lot of difficulties. To be completely honest…”

Then, Cecilus informed Halibel, a large smile on his face,

Cecilus: “――As the Former Margrave’s murder has surfaced, the Kingdom is coming to destroy the organization in earnest.”

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――And so, nonchalantly, the moment of the end would arrive.

???: “Many thanks for granting me an audience with you today.”

Saying this, welcomed as a guest to the reception area, this youth confronted the Purge King with a dignified attitude.

Subaru: “――――”

This boy had slain many, erased many lives, grasped many weaknesses.

There had been many situations in which people, to maintain calm, had bluffed by presenting a brave front.

Subaru: “――Somehow, your confidence is remarkable, you do not seem much different from me.”

Young Man: “――Thank you for those sudden words of praise.”

The one who’s head dipped in a bow, was a delicately-built young man, fitted with a black suit and tie.

There was a mild look on his face, but in his eyes, somehow, a dim darkness could be seen. That smile he was making was likely fake. He was definitely aware that it would be seen through.

Not reckless, but full of courage―― was the mixed impression of this young man.

Subaru: “Let me see, you must be…”

Young Man: “To be frank, not far off from now, we intend to do much large-scale business here. Because of that, we had been looking for a chance to send our regards to the organization, and present gifts, first of all.”

Subaru: “I see, that’s, well, thanks for your consideration.”

That posture of advancing according to his role without flinching left a good impression.

Emulating that attitude, the boy changed, to intently perform his own role as well.

Young Man: “These are the offerings from our side―― We have heard that the leader desired this.”

Subaru: “Huh.”

Having been brought in and the lid of its box opened by a servant, the young man presented the eye-catching offering.

Inside, were a lot of stones―― Magic Stones. As if affirming its utmost purity, the concentration of Mana filling the room heightened.

Staring at the offering, the Purge King muttered.

Subaru: “What color is there the most of?”

Young Man: “――?”

???: “Red and blue shades seem to be most prominent, but if you look further inside, there’s also yellow and green… Get the feeling the whole set’s there. Oh, how thoughtful.”

At that question with unknown meaning, the young man showed hesitation for the first time.

Instead of the youthful man, it was Cecilus who had replied, standing next to the King. After receiving that report from Cecilus, the King nodded solemnly.

Subaru: “Is that so, then my thanks for that. I’ll be receiving your consideration. Uhhh…”

Young Man: “This comes from Russell Fellow.”

Subaru: “Hmm, I see. Russell Fellow, is it. If any problem comes up…”

Then, the Purge King cut off his words.

The reason was that youthful messenger, who, to stop him from speaking, had opened a hand.

In that instant, a faint murmur spread in the room. With his words having been interrupted, what response would the Purge King give to that action; the guards were getting excited.

However, in such a situation, only Halibel, Cecilus and the young man involved had remained calm,

Young Man: “Please wait. In truth, the offerings, just this is not their entirety.”

Subaru: “――Huh. Then I’m even more impressed.”

After listening to that man’s words, the King responded as such, and the tension relaxed slightly.

There, in that atmosphere with lessened pressure, that young man gave a deep nod. And so――

Young Man: “――From the Kingdom of Lugunica, this could be called the response to the Purge King’s atrocities.”

――Immediately, an onslaught of white light swallowed up the whole meeting room, shattering it.

An incredible torrent of light engulfed the luxurious reception room of the Magic Castle Pandemonium; as if purifying it, it was transformed into white dust.

Those who had perished due to that white light, without even knowing what had hit them, numbered eighteen―― each were warriors of great skill, each had their names known throughout, but this was no longer in their realm.

Even if, to those vanquished men, the truth of what had happened could somehow be told, there were none among them who would have believed it.

――The blow which had vaporized them all, had been brought about with a single slash.

The organization’s headquarters was collapsing.

The place where important things had been gathered, had been blown away by that reigning brilliant existence.

The Purge King had been finally acknowledged as an enemy of the world, having committed a multitude of evil deeds.

The assassin sent by the Dragon Kingdom to subjugate that existence, was none other than――

???: “From the lineage of Sword Saints, Reinhard van Astrea.”

The one who rendered all efforts ineffective, the absurd iron hammer of the divine, had manifested.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

In that destroyed parlor, a man was standing, serene.

Fiery crimson hair, blue eyes that mimicked the very sky, a white Knight’s uniform left not a single speck of dust, the Knight Amongst Knights stood there, like something out of a painting.

Held in that Knight’s hand, a Holy Sword shattered into innumerable pieces.

With just one swing, a weapon crafted by a master swordsmith who’d left his name upon the world had turned to dust like it was nothing. In compensation, the man who had stacked acts of barbarity upon acts of barbarity and his gang both would be caught in a single blow――

???: “――You’re not a cute opponent at all, you know that, right?

Reinhard: “――――”

Like a clap of thunder breaking through the smoke, a terrific sword strike closed in on Reinhard.

And so, with an impact like thunder indeed ringing out, the body of the one labelled the Sword Saint was thrown back. However, his body had not been slashed―― The scabbard of his beloved sword had been used to blocked it.

Not with hands, but by twisting his body to receive the slashing strike with the sheath, with movement akin to acrobatics, the young man, Reinhard, then fired a strike of his own―― At that Cecilus, let out a whistle.

Cecilus: “Oh, I see you’re still completely beyond the realm of humans… That makes me so happy, Reinhard-san!”

Reinhard: “I believe I am not feeling very pleased about our reunion, Cecilus-dono.”

Carrying the Fiend Sword Murasame on his shoulder, Cecilus kicked some dust on the floor with his zori . Having been greeted with that single blow in lieu of a proper one, Reinhard furrowed his brow.

Then, squinting towards the back of the room, the smoke there clearing up,

Reinhard: “…It did not reach, huh.”

Cecilus: “Ohh, that didn’t reach the boss, did it? Well, it was a blow in a place where Halibel-san and I are guarding, that’s a hard place to get to. But, to be honest, I didn’t particularly move while thinking of protecting the boss, so Halibel-san gets one-hundred-percent of the credit there.”

Saying that, in the inner room, where Cecilus was innocently pointing at with his chin―― On the throne shrouded in smoke was the Purge King resting his chin in his hands, and protecting him with his back, was Halibel’s figure.

That Halibel, puffing purple smoke from the kiseru held in his mouth―――

Halibel: “Ce-san, a correction. This ain’t my achievement.”

Cecilus: “Well then, it was my hidden power…”

Halibel: “Even that ain’t it. It was, Su-san’s work… This throne’s definitely bein’ protected by some sort of tremendous power. Though, we ain’t ever heard of it.”

At that Cecilus gazing down at his hand while trembling, Halibel shook his head.

Then, behind Halibel, the Purge King who had been seated on the throne until now, rose. And, grabbing the orange scarf he wore around his neck,

Subaru: “――I saw your strike before at the Loot House. To prepare for that’s only natural.”

Distorting his cheeks, he gave a very grim smile.

This was none other than, the Purge King’s―― No, Natsuki Subaru’s reunion with Reinhard.

Reinhard: “Subaru…!”

Subaru: “You’ve really drawn a poor lot, Reinhard. Had you not helped me back at the Loot House, it would’ve have become the mess it is now―― But in that case, you wouldn’t ever been able to meet your precious master, guess it didn’t turn out so bad for you, did it?”

Reinhard: “――Kh.”

Peeping out from Halibel’s side, Subaru stuck his tongue out at Reinhard.

At that wicked form, Reinhard’s cheeks stiffened as if in pain. Swaying sadly, those blue eyes gazed ahead at Subaru, his face wicked and hateful.

But suddenly, that expression disappeared.

Subaru: “――What the hell. After all, you’re black and white as well?

Reinhard: “――? Black and white? That is…”

Subaru: “Shut up, you lying bastard―― Then, there’s no way I’ll let myself die to you.”

With emotionless words, Subaru turned away his eyes, having lost interest in Reinhard. And like that, whacking Halibel on the shoulder, then staring at Cecilus as he faced Reinhard,

Subaru: “Cecilus, do what you want, I’ve already lost interest.”

Cecilus: “――I don’t understand much about that, it seems the boss and I see things differently. My thanks for the worthy opponent, do accept those.”

Subaru: “We’re seeing things differently… Haha, that makes sense. Even at the end, you make me laugh.”

As if something about Cecilus’s words was funny, Subaru slapped his knee with amusement.

Then, his smile disappearing immediately,

Subaru: “It was enjoyable in its own way. Cecilus, since you had no weaknesses, you weren’t my favorite.”

Cecilus: “For me, it’d be just that―― Mayonnaise is scary.”

Subaru: “Ha~!”

At that cheeky assertion of Cecilus, Subaru laughed as if he was pleased.

Subaru’s appearance, held in Halibel’s arms, sank into a shadow. And like that, Subaru and Halibel　had departed from this difficult predicament.

Reinhard: “Wait! Our talk is yet to be…”

Cecilus: “―――That’s the end of it, Sword Saint. If you don’t want it to stop there, then please catch up and start over. But before then, this faithful subordinate of the Purge King’s gonna be blocking your way.”

Reinhard: “Kuh… Kh.”

Trying to chase after the disappeared Subaru and Halibel, Reinhard felt something brushing underneath his feet.

Sundering the floor in a straight line, that blow, without a moment of the blade being drawn visible, was an extraordinary flash made viable by overwhelming swinging speed. No more than a sword that had reached the pinnacle of the sword.

Cecilus: “Regrettably, it’s too early to be evaluated in such a manner. I’m still in the middle of climbing that mountain. If I can overcome one more step, I think I can reach it.”

Reinhard: “Reach, where?”

Cecilus: “Of course, the Heavenly Sword.”

At that moment, a sound like the air freezing, like it was being cut and slain, could be heard.

A swordfighter who had truly reached the pinnacle of the sword―― no, it was the transparent fighting spirit emitted by the swordsman, which reached a level monstruous enough that it would bring about unfathomable situations contrary to common sense.

That incarnation of the sword standing there; just by touching that blade, even invisible things would perish.

Cecilus: “I was waiting for this opportunity―― A chance to cross swords with you.”

Reinhard: “…Cecilus-dono, I have already fought with you before. That match was, to me, of great significance. Why is it you…”

Cecilus: “Of course, if my body can wield a sword―― we may only meet in a life-or-death match.”

The second sword, the Fiend Sword Murasame, was unsheathed with gleaming light.

The first sword, the Dream Sword Masayume, desired to cut, the beauty within it reveals.

Of the ten Enchanted Swords, Distinguished Swords, and Holy Swords existing in the world, those amounted to two―― Not to mention,

Cecilus: “――The Dragon Sword Reid.”

Always besides the Sword Saint, but only ever drawn against opponents suitable for the Sword Saint, that sword shining white exposed its blade to the air.

That the sound of the sword being drawn was being heard, was undoubtedly because the Dragon Sword was ululating.

Cecilus: “You must already know, Reinhard-san. In front of us lies a wall.”

With each holding their Holy Sword, their Enchanted Sword, their Dragon Sword, these extraordinary existences faced one another.

Shuffling their feet as to narrow the distance between the two, the world viewed their clash with horror, the atmosphere distorted.

Cecilus: “For those who arrive at a certain realm, the way in front’s gonna be blocked by a wall. That wall, which can’t be surpassed no matter what, some’ll never overcome it and give up. Something like that, it’s impossible for me. For if I don’t cross that wall, I won’t be able to be me.”

Reinhard: “――――”

Cecilus: “That’s when the boss’s offer arrived. He offered me a way to get past the wall… Well, it ended up being a way to cross swords with you with lives on the line, setting up a serious fight for one’s life―― Well, just as he said it, it was to clutch at straws, that sorta thing.”

Reinhard: “Straws…?”

Cecilus: “Those who are about to drown do, or so I’ve heard.”

That was the solution that had brought Cecilus Segmunt to this place.

Or perhaps, with his desire as a swordsman being guessed correctly, this had been made inevitable?

At that wide-eyed Sword Saint, Cecilus curved his lips.

And, laughed. The Blue Lightning, who with a laughing face would cut down others, spoke,

Cecilus: “I’m drowning, Mister Reinhard van Astrea. Saying it like my employer would; apparently, we, those who deeply desire something, everyone of us, everyone’s drowning. We’re all drowning in an ocyan [11] , or whatever it’s called, which we haven’t even seen before.”

Reinhard: “――――”

Swallowed his breath, Reinhard did.

With that, lowering his body, wielding both his swords by their hilt, Cecilus took off his zori .

Cecilus: “――Swordsman, Cecilus Segmunt.”

Not of the Vollachian Empire, not as a General, not as the Blue Lighting―― those other titles were unnecessary.

This body, as merely one swordsman, coveted the path towards the Heavenly Sword.

――Lightning, claps of thunder, tore through Pandemonium.

Droplets of blood, danced.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Continuously, Pandemonium quaked.

The aftershocks from the fight, felt as vigorous shocks and tremors, even echoed through Emilia’s private quarters.

The light hanging from the ceiling was violently swaying, dust was falling. While lying in bed, Emilia was being forced to make a choice.

Emilia: “――――”

To stay there, that was what had been said to her.

Or perhaps, it had been more of a plea, such as “Please stay”.

Should she believe that and wait, or should she ignore it and rush out?

Her inner thoughts about her situation lost in revolution, she continued to postpone a decision. However――

???: “――Lia, the end has come.”

Emilia: “Eh…”

While that fierce battle’s shaking continued, at the Emilia lying in bed Puck spoke. Her amethyst eyes trembling as they gazed upwards, Puck gave a sniff with his tiny nose, his short arms crossed.

Hearing that it was the end, Emilia gulped.

Yet again, she had been unable to do anything.

Putting off making a choice, then accepting the consequences of not make said choice.

That it was cowardly act she somewhat understood, she, once again――

Had deferred her stance onto Subaru―――

Puck: “――Reinhard’s here. It’s Subaru’s defeat.

Emilia: “――――”

With that continuation of Puck’s words, Emilia’s thoughts froze.

Emilia: “Ahh.”

Unable to speak but making sounds, unable to form thoughts, Emilia opened her eyes wide.

Even hearing that it was the end, Emilia had been certain of Subaru’s victory. That she never for a moment doubted it, Emilia had only realized at this moment.

Natsuki Subaru would not be defeated.

No matter what the opponent, with his selfish excuses and tenacity and abuse of misanthropy, he would always grasp victory. With all under his control, manipulating all subordinates he could think of, no matter the opponent, they would be annihilated.

And, when tired of thinking, and needing a moment of peace, he would come to find Emilia.

Definitely, Subaru was going to come to her room, Emilia had been believing that.

Puck: “Until today, I’ve never rushed Lia’s choices, but that can’t be done this time. You have to make a decision.”

Emilia: “To make, a decision…”

Puck: “Do you prefer staying here, or leaving here?”

To what extent did he know, for in that plain Puck’s voice was conviction.

Puck gazed down at Emilia tightly grasping up her sheets. His usual aloof expression was completely gone, and the compassion for his beloved child was strong instead.

At a dear child that had lost her way and was anxious about the road ahead, a parent’s eyes were directed.

Puck: “It looks like, all this time, Subaru had been controlling information properly. There isn’t any sign of Lia being involved in the organization’s activities. Well, Lia really wasn’t involved at all, but having been with them for so long, some people with suspicions will show up for sure. This was a necessary precaution.”

Emilia: “Wasn’t involved at all? Then, what kind of position was I in?”

Puck: “From Roswaal’s mansion you were kidnapped, and locked away. That’s how they’re treating you. Then those children attempting to destroy Pandemonium right now, seem more like rescuers who came for you.”

At this unexpected explanation, Emilia was stunned.

That Emilia had been brought out of Roswaal’s mansion against her will was true. And that she had been angered by it, and had disliked Subaru for it, was also truth.

However, she had not refused that clinging, pleading Subaru. It was likewise correct that she had overlooked the fact he had been doing his utmost to protect the time he had spent with Emilia.

And yet despite that, could it really be said that was Emilia wholly unrelated to how things were?

Wouldn’t arguing that just be the peak of shamelessness?

Puck: “Lia, if you just wait here nicely, as a poor princess, your rescuers will aid you, but…”

While speaking as if they were whispering, Puck landed on Emilia’s thin shoulder. And then, with that cat Spirit nearing her cheek, Emilia painfully comprehended the unspoken continuation of his words.

If she waited here, she would be rescued as a victim.

However, if Emilia left by herself, then she would be a perpetrator that had been acting of her own free will.

Faced with that fact, there was not even a moment of hesitation.

Emilia: “――――”

Rising, Emilia put her hand on that white room’s only door.

To open it from the outside, a complicated authentication procedure was needed for identification, so Subaru, and her caretaker, Frederica, were the only people allowed to enter or leave.

The moment Emilia’s hand touched the door from the inside, however, the system crumbled, leaving no trace behind.

Emilia: “Subaru, you twit…”

Seeking signs of the destroyed technique with the palm of her hand, Emilia murmured in a weak voice.

It had been originally created so it would be broken by Emilia and Emilia alone. In other words, Subaru had made it so Emilia could escape whenever she wished to.

That bird cage’s door had been designed to be destroyed by the determination of the bird caged inside all along.

Was it perhaps because Subaru had trusted that Emilia would never escape?

Or maybe, was it Subaru’s own kindness, in that he wished to respect Emilia’s desire to run away?

That answer, she desired to hear it straight from Subaru’s mouth, she thought.

――At the end of a time during which she had not been capable of choosing anything, that was the answer Emilia had settled upon.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Having been removed from the reception room, running through the castle along with Halibel, the Purge King, the youth, his boss, his master, he―― Natsuki Subaru gave a deep chuckle.

Subaru: “Something like taking Felt as a hostage, I wonder if that might’ve been a good idea…”

If so, would it have restrained Reinhard’s movements?

――No, rather than that, gaining Reinhard’s wrath, and having to fight the Sword Saint powered up with emotion seemed more likely.

This’d be the flow of the simulation till its very end.

In complete honesty, he’d had a premonition that the moment of Pandemonium’s fall would turn out in this manner

Subaru: “Guess posing as a big boss in the underworld was kinda fun…”

He was looking back. At the path towards here.

Just how much suffering had he caused? With the weaknesses of many people in his hands, and all while receiving their hatred, he would lord over others’ lives, receiving hate, ruling over his opponents’ lives, and on a whim taking those lives――

―――No, it was definitely never a whim.

If it were perceived as toying, that would a very big misunderstanding.

He had never pondered it over. He had never given it a thought, because there was no point in attempting so, however.

――Subaru was afraid of people. Terribly so.

Outwardly approaching them with a smile, while hiding cunning slyness within himself in truth. That sort of way of being of a human being, concealing the truth, human beings moving as they pleased and move wherever following innumerable ulterior motives, was horrifying.

Whether to believe the people who were with him or not, worrying about that was idiotic.

And so, Subaru had decided on a way to simplify human relationships.

Everyone lied.

And so, with that, even if all human beings detested Subaru, a world devoid of problems would be established.

Every human, no matter who, possessed a weakness. Family, a lover, wealth, dreams, hope. Because of that――

Subaru: “――If only the weaknesses of every human being in the world could be grasped.”

Then, only then, Subaru would not have to doubt anyone.

In a black and white world, in a world lacking any hues which could not be trusted, feeding on loathing, he could live comfortably.

Subaru: “――――”

With Subaru, aiding in his escape, was Halibel.

To Subaru, Halibel’s figure did not look to be their true form―― his appearance appeared monochrome. He looked to be in only two colors, white and black.

Subaru: “――――”

Appearing in monochrome like that was not restricted to just Halibel.

Right now, the world as it appeared to Subaru had, without exception, lost its colors and changed to possess but two.

People, objects, paintings, tools, jewelry, Magic Stones, fresh blood, water, all were black and white.

Blood and water seemed no different from one another, soup and poison also were not distinguishable.

Everything was monochrome. Black and white.

In such a world, that which looked colorful to Subaru amounted to only a few.

That only those were real, Subaru believed so.

Everything else was fake, Subaru believed so.

Beatrice had been so.

Emilia was so.

Beyond that, there was only one.

Anyway, Subaru could not believe in anyone else.

Everything else other than them, it truly looked faded.

Those fakers could not, only those real articles.

The qualifications to decide whether Natsuki Subaru should live or die were held only by them, only those real articles.

Subaru: “…I had a tad of expectations from Reinhard.”

Perhaps those from before those days―― in truth, he had expected those he had been involved with before the event that had triggered the loss of color would have remained without those colors fading.

However, he had appeared to Subaru just as monochrome as someone he had just met for the first time. Such expectations had been fleeting, and so Reinhard, despite how vivid he had seemed, now appeared as an ashen mass to Subaru. It looked dirty.

In the end, Reinhard was also a child of man.

There was no doubt that he too would continuously lie while living. That was all there was to it.

???: “Master――!”

As Subaru and Halibel ran through the castle, a sudden loud voice called out to them, intersecting them.

What could be seen dashing from the other side of the corridor towards them, was the long-haired, long in body maid Frederica. Though hard to discern her colors, that face’s potent impression was easy enough to remember.

Subaru had secretly found Frederica to his liking. And so――

Frederica: “Prepare yourself―― Shh!”

She, rushing in and making an attempt on his life and shouting both in a disciplined manner, appeared to be of a lovable nature to him.

Of course, those actions from Frederica would not be tolerated by the eyes of Kararagi’s strongest.

Frederica “Ah, ugh!”

The dagger in her hand being taken away, Frederica had been pushed up against the wall, her arm pinned. At Halibel, performer of these actions, Frederica could only turn back her head,

Frederica: “Why are you doing this, Halibel-sama? Now, by taking advantage of this turmoil, that man…!”

Halibel: “Ya could kill him. I understand why ya’d think so. Ya children whose weaknesses’ve been grasped, y’all desire for freedom with Su-san’s death. I know, but.”

There, Halibel opened his narrowed eyes, and glared at Frederica. Being bathed in the light of those eyes, from Frederica’s thin throat a quiet sound was produced.

Halibel: “Unfortunately, I don’t follow boss because of my weaknesses. To pay back Su-san’s kindness, that’s why I serve him.”

Frederica: “A kindness!? From this man, kindness? Stop playing around…!”

Held tight against the wall, with bloodshot eyes Frederica looked fiercely at Subaru. Those already sharp fangs grew, and those thin feminine fingers, began transforming into a thick, strong and beast-like state.

Frederica: “No matter what… Hk!?”

Halibel: “Su-san?”

Next to Frederica, fervent, her body distorted, Subaru had at some point come to stand.

Frederica widened her eyes while Halibel called out to him, but Subaru did not pause. Like that, Frederica desperately raised her arm, and grazed Subaru’s neck.

At that moment, the scarf wrapped around his throat came undone and fell to the floor――

Frederica: “――Hii.”

Frederica, seeing it, from deep in her throat made a sound.

Halibel, too, seeing that for the first time, revealed a faint surprise.

――On Natsuki Subaru’s neck, clearly remained marks shaped like fingers.

Subaru: “It won’t do, Frederica. I won’t allow that black-and-white you to kill me.”

Frederica: “――――”

At that frozen Frederica, Subaru drew his face close and asserted with certainty.

Perhaps, he had hoped that Frederica may have had some color. Nevertheless, even at this crucial moment, Frederica had remained in black and white.

Subaru: “Halibel-san… Take Frederica, and let her get away.”

Halibel: “…Su-san. The insider that dragged in the Sword Saint’s prolly――”

Subaru: “I know.”

Gazing at that Frederica unable to move an inch, Subaru cut off Halibel’s words.

Even without it being said, he understood. It was comprehensible that Frederica had secretly done such things, her emotions, given the extremes of her treatment, were capable of being understood.

――Nay, it was not limited to just Frederica. If not her, that someone else would have done. That it would only be her had been a miscalculation.

Subaru: “You don’t have to come back, Halibel-san. I’ll go settle things, in my own way.”

Halibel: “――――”

Subaru: “If you wanna return my kindness, that’ll be enough. In the first place, you got no reason to feel gratitude… I was just being cunning, after all.”

Shaking his head, Subaru smiled lightly at Halibel.

Halibel had, perhaps, regarded Subaru as someone who cared for him. Nevertheless, from Halibel he could not see any color either.

Perhaps, once the color was lost, it would never be restored.

It was because Subaru had lost the right to believe in something.

So was it that not one thing in the world would be colored for Subaru forevermore?

If so, that which was there to cling onto, was only――

Halibel: “With Su-san, I had wanted to be proper friends.”

Subaru: “…If I hadn’t run away, that might have been.”

Accepting Subaru’s intentions, Halibel, with those short words, simply said farewell.

Subaru, too, felt that exchanging more between them would be inappropriate.

But in the end, at that person who could have become a friend, he wanted to look cool.

Subaru: “Frederica.”

Frederica: “――――”

At that call, Frederica slowly turned towards him.

At the woman who had lost the will to fight, Subaru was hesitant about how to convey it.

He wished to report to her, because he had been told to do so,

Subaru: “The food was always delicious, they told me that.”

――Perhaps, Frederica did not understand the meaning of that odd sentence.

Till the very end, in her eyes, Natsuki Subaru must have appeared as a monster.

That was fine. Even if it was like that, it did not matter. He had acted as such, he had been such.

He had not obtained the results he wished to see, however.

Subaru: “Then, where should I go, I wonder.”

Halibel had taken Frederica and, fading into the shadows, disappeared.

Left behind, Natsuki Subaru was alone in the collapse of his dreams.

Pandemonium shook constantly, perhaps evidence that Reinhard and Cecilus’s battle raged on. However, the multiple voices he could hear from afar showed that the assault was not limited to only Reinhard; he adjudged that potential foes had taken advantage of the opportunity.

Enemies, enemies, enemies. Nothing but enemies.

Having lived the way he did, it could not be helped.

Subaru: “――――”

Subaru had reached a fork, and for nary a moment he hesitated in deciding where to go.

Going right, would have him come across Emilia’s private quarters, the girl who had supported his weak self.

Going left, would have him come across what his weak self had taken as a kind of support, that girl――

Subaru: “―――Eh?”

It was at the moment he was faced with the option of where to go.

Someone running up, had pierced Subaru’s left side with a sharp knife.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

In a strange castle within a strange landscape, Emilia was running barefoot.

Though having spent a year inside Pandemonium, what Emilia knew of the castle was only that white room, her private quarters. Outside her room, and past the inside of the building, had gone completely unexplored by Emilia.

And that still did not change. Emilia’s interest was not focused on this world.

Now, Emilia’s concern was now focused on only one person, only the boy that had sought her.

???: “――Emilia-sama!”

Called by her name, with a startled expression Emilia stopped her steps.

Pandemonium had partially collapsed, losing its original form. In a white corridor, its windows slanted and cracked, Emilia had been halted by a young man with sky-blue eyes and blazing red hair.

Emilia: “Reinhard…”

Reinhard: “Have you been well, Emilia-sama? I am glad to be able to meet you again.”

Even in this place, adhering to a Knight’s courtesy and posture, his attitude was too brave and elegant.

That man had run to Emilia’s side after finding her. Reinhard van Astrea bowed his head. But due to his appearance, Emilia’s amethyst eyes were shaking from bewilderment.

Emilia: “Reinhard, you’re gravely wounded. Are you alright?”

Reinhard: “There is no need to worry. That it is a light wound, cannot quite be said, however.”

Saying that, Reinhard relaxed his lips with Emilia’s words.

But Reinhard’s appearance, to her, was rife with injuries. She had thought it unimaginable.

Covering his body were innumerable cuts produced by flashes of a blade, and with the bleeding having not ceased even now, red droplets of blood were dripping here and there in the white corridor. On those noble and fearless cheeks strands of crimson hair were scattered about, stuck onto it; on his face was a certain hue of fatigue, albeit she had never seen his breathing in a disturbed state.

That white Knight’s uniform was dirtied and covered in blood, not only another’s but his own as well, and what was shocking above all――

Emilia: “Your, sword.”

Reinhard: “That right here right now is a scene for the Dragon Sword to be drawn, has been judged by the sword.”

That never-drawn, never-needed Holy Sword that was passed down through the Astreas, the Dragon Sword Reid with white light shone.

That blade, in this castle, against whom had he wielded it? Against whom would he wield it in the future?

Reinhard: “Anyway, that Emilia-sama is safe is fortunate… Depart from here alongside me. There is a dragon carriage waiting outside the castle. With it, to Lugunica――”

Emilia: “To Lugunica… Where is this?”

Reinhard: “This is at the edge of the Kararagi City-States, a hidden castle at the Crimson Hills Girall… Finding the organization took great effort, but through the efforts of a competent spy and an insider, it was somehow discovered.”

While answering Emilia’s questions, Reinhard was regarding his surroundings warily.

That even now the shaking continued meant that somewhere in this castle a battle was continuing to take place. In Reinhard’s case, he would wish to head towards his allies to support them.

No matter how covered in wounds he was, he was still the Kingdom’s strongest―― no, the world’s strongest man.

With him, Pandemonium’s fall was only a question of time.

If he were not here――

Reinhard, “Emilia-sama, right now, we must――”

Hurry from this place , Reinhard might have been trying to say.

However, those words were suddenly interrupted by Emilia’s actions, who had spun in place.

Emilia: “――――”

It was but an instant.

From the back, through Reinhard’s abdomen, a sword of ice had pierced. Blood flowed through the blade of frost, his insides being destroyed by the invading cold. The Sword Saint, at the shock he had never felt before, coughed up blood.

Reinhard: “Emilia, sama.”

Emilia: “Ah.”

Reinhard, still unable to understand what had happened, fell onto his knees. Watching that appearance, Emilia blankly stared at her own white fingers.

What she had done, she was realizing that it really had been an unexpected act.

――If this had been a betrayal from Emilia’s true heart, Reinhard could have blocked it.

Were it an attack holding hostility and intent to kill, Reinhard’s intuition would not be evaded. Or, in the case his Divine Protections were working properly, sure enough Reinhard’s defense would not have been pierced either.

But this place was Pandemonium, and Emilia herself could not make up her own mind―― That had, in Reinhard, left a fatal gap.

Emilia: “I, can’t…Not that. Subaru is, no. Reinhard, no. Subaru, I won’t let him be hurt. Subaru, needs me…”

Shaking her head in refusal, Emilia’s own actions now corroborated her true intentions.

The reason for that instantaneous act, for the instantaneous assault on Reinhard, was she had instinctively realized that his existence would destroy Pandemonium and target Natsuki Subaru.

And, knowing that, she instinctively did not stop herself, that was what was thinking.

Unconsciously, Emilia, for the sake of protecting Subaru, had no choice but to kill Reinhard.

Emilia: “Subaru is my…”

Only at this point, did Emilia understand her own feelings.

Again and again, Subaru had come looking for her, and she had watched his form on as he had tried to attain peace of mind. During that time, Emilia had also been saved.

――Just as Subaru needed Emilia, Emilia also needed Subaru.

Emilia: “I will, protect him. If, I don’t protect Subaru, then…”

Reinhard: “Emilia-sama, that is…”

Emilia: “――Puck! Please!”

A roar, and a cold wind blew, and her silver hair fluttered beautifully amidst the white hallway.

His body bathed in an extremely frigid wind of sublimated intent to kill, at his flesh freezing as it was subjected to severe wind, Reinhard drew a line of blood in midair as he flew far to his back. And, with his coughing mixed with blood, he lifted his sword.

Those blue eyes that reflected the sky regarded the Witch of Glaciation and the Beast of the End, standing side-by-side.

Puck: “Sorry, Reinhard. Lia’s wishes are my own. If you’re that weakened, even I might win―― you can think of it as catlike cruelty.”

Emilia: “Please, Reinhard. Return like this. Leave me and Subaru alone.”

Reinhard: “――That, is not possible.”

With Emilia having caused this situation, yet still trying to find a satisfactory solution, Reinhard shook his head.

Already, negotiations had broken down. He had been taken by surprise from behind―― no, perhaps Reinhard himself, even considering his wound, may have accepted the offer of reconciliation if the situation allowed.

But Reinhard’s belief, however, was that this was already a situation which did not allow for that.

Reinhard: “As the head of Pleiades, the Purge King, Natsuki Subaru, starting with the murder of Margrave Roswaal L. Mathers, among the people of the Kingdom, as well as of the Vollachian Empire and the Kararagi City-States, and among the subjects of the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko, has already had one-hundred-twenty-six-thousand-seven-hundred-and-two [12] people killed in total.”

Emilia: “――――”

Reinhard: “That number only goes for direct damage. When including the indirect damage, the number of victims who have lost their life increases even more. No matter what, it is not an evil that can be left ignored.”

Reinhard’s words held a serious resonance and held a plea.

From listening to his words and learning of Natsuki Subaru’s evil deeds, there was a feeling that he was hoping for a change of heart to be born in Emilia from that.

In truth, Emilia had received a shock. Stuck in her private quarters, having been left only to the role of watching over Subaru’s sleeping face, she had not known of any of his wrongdoing. That Roswaal had been killed when she had been pulled out of that mansion, she had vaguely guessed.

Struck by that shock, Emilia bowed her head.

Shock, there was definitely a shock. However, the shock Emilia felt to her core was not from disappointment about the weight and number of sins Subaru had committed――

Emilia: “――Sorry, Reinhard. Still, Subaru is dear to me.”

Even having learned about those evil acts her obsession with Natsuki Subaru had not wavered at all, learning that had been the source of her shock.

Emilia’s feelings, even knowing the truth, had not changed.

Reinhard: “――Kh.”

Faced with such a declaration from Emilia, Reinhard bit his lip. And soon raising his face, and directing the drawn Dragon Sword,

Reinhard: “Reinhard van Astrea, of the Sword Saint bloodline.”

Emilia: “I’m Emilia. Just, Emilia.”

Having each named themselves, at that next moment, a white shock destroyed the uppermost floor of Pandemonium.

The captive princess, who had been supposed to be rescued, and a Knight in shining armor who had come to rescue her, would end up killing one another.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: “Damn, it… Fucking… That, damn… bastard…!”

Cursing, Subaru ran, his steps faltering.

Beneath those swaying feet, with a tip-tap droplets of fresh blood trickled―― a knife had been stabbed by his left armpit by an assassin at the time of his assault. The pain was performing a Dempsey Roll [13] on his brain non-stop.

Subaru: “That black and white asshole… If there’s a next time, I’ll definitely kill you…!”

Sweating profusely, Subaru leaned on the corridor wall to continue moving along. At the end of it all, the assassin had run away, without delivering the coup d’grâce―― the man who was supposed to have disappeared in the reception hall came to mind.

Bastard: “More than this is beyond the scope of my work. So, be careful, Natsuki-san.”

Killing the general lying in the midst of the enemy, then speaking some and escaping could be called splendid―― Yet Subaru did not have giving praise to his enemies as an hobby.

To be precise, that man had been doing work he did not wish to have to do. That sense of pure humiliation due to having overlooked a troublesome enemy out of carelessness had his disappointment turn to fury.

However, it was unlikely that this situation would allow him to vent his anger.

Subaru: “Something suitable for the end, something suitable for these last moments…”

Prick-prick , while touching that left armpit that hurt as if burned, Subaru murmured gloomily.

Given what he had done, he knew for certain that someday he would receive his just deserts. Despite that, to postpone that moment of meeting retribution all the way to hell had been the plan, such was this ordinary person’s petty wisdom―― it was a shame that he had gone not three years before having found his limit.

Such was how the dictator would welcome his end.

His distrust at the end had been excessive. There was no doubt that it had spurred on this destruction.

However, he held no regrets.

If he had done this, if he had done that, those kinds of obvious mistakes did not come to mind.

He had known from the start that it was wrong, and never thought to correct it. Merely thinking that his way of life had been mistaken or something of the sort, Subaru had done nothing but flounder.

Much like if he were drowning. As if he had fallen in, only desperate for breath.

Just from that――

???: “――Subaru.”

Subaru: “――――”

Leaving a trail of blood, crawling through that hallway, someone called out to that Subaru.

For a moment, Subaru furrowed his brows, not understanding that voice―― It was not that he did not know it. But, because he did not comprehend why he was hearing that voice at this place.

Because her private quarters were on the opposite side of this place, and there would no reason to be here if her intent were to escape. Therefore――

Subaru: “Uh, whoa!”

???: “I’m relieved, Subaru… I can meet you properly.”

Subaru: “Emilia…?”

It was not until he looked into her beautiful face from up-close, her having rushed towards him and knocked him down within that corridor, that Subaru came to grips that this was reality.

Together with that world of black and white, there was silver, and there was amethyst, and there were cherry-colored lips.

As if to inform that Emilia, and Emilia alone, remained with color in the world.

Subaru: “――But, why?”

Emilia’s figured was tinted, yet Subaru could not comprehend as to why.

From Emilia, Subaru was receiving definite warmth, her embrace such that it could even be called painful.

After all, Subaru had always sought Emilia out one-sidedly; for what reason, what conditions had made her become so that she would come to Subaru――

Subaru: “…Emilia, you’re hurt.”

Emilia: “――It’s fine, really. Truly, nothing happened. No need for concern.”

Emilia, still embracing him, looked at him again. Smiling, putting on a brave front, she was covered in wounds all over.

Her wonderful silver hair was disheveled and portions had been cut, giving it an uneven appearance. Her thin white nightgown had been torn and bloodied, and on her bare feet several painful lacerations could be found.

To prevent it from being like this, innumerable defensive measures should have been applied to her private quarters.

Furthermore, there should have been a Spirit alongside her, one that would have not permitted her going through any of this suffering.

Subaru: “What has Puck been doing…”

Emilia: “Puck is… Hmm, about that, everything’s fine now. Everything’s fine now…”

Subaru: “――?”

For a moment, hesitation flashed within Emilia’s eyes, but it was hidden quickly, beneath shutting eyelids.

Subaru held suspicions regarding that reaction, but the next time Emilia opened her eyelids, the faintly-visible hesitation was nowhere to be found.

Emilia: “Subaru, let’s run away together. If we do it now, nobody will be chasing after us.”

Subaru: “――Run away, with me?

Emilia: “Yes. Who else would it be with? Don’t say such weird things.”

Her demeanor becoming slightly tinged by anger, Emilia poked Subaru’s nose with a finger. Due to that seemingly way out-of-place act, above Subaru a question mark floated up.

To begin with, Emilia was supposed to be shunning Subaru.

Subaru: “And yet, all I did was presume upon you because you’re kind…”

Emilia: “――Really, did you? I’ve been thinking about something like that too.”

Subaru: “Emilia?”

Her hand on her chest, Emilia ephemerally lowered the corners of her eyes, appearing lonely.

Were the times she had passed alongside Subaru ever since he had taken her away flashing through her heart, through her mind? How many times had she gazed at that abominable companion’s sleeping face?

In those times, Subaru had received salvation, but to Emilia they would have been filled with humiliation――

Emilia: “I do believe I was angry with you, Subaru. But, it truly only at the beginning… After that, I thought I was definitely receiving Subaru’s help.”

Subaru: “Receiving help, from me…?”

Emilia: “Because, Subaru, you had been needing me. Nobody would ever need me, that was how I had felt, and you had freed me of that, and so…”

“Codependency”, a word of that sort surfaced inside Subaru’s mind.

Subaru had required Emilia’s presence for peace of mind, and, much in that vein, Emilia’s mind too had arrived at a conclusion of that ilk at the time, that she herself desired those times, that she needed them.

And so, the pair had fallen into a codependent relationship, each in turn relying on the other.

Emilia: “Subaru, I want to be with you. So, let’s run away?”

Subaru: “…You putting it like that makes me happy, but…”

Responding while stuttering, Subaru could not accept Emilia’s confession yet.

His heart was overwhelmed with shock, but taking little notice of that, his mind reached a more realistic answer.

What Emilia had said, running away with her, was not possible.

Reinhard was coming. Even if Cecilus was attempting to hold him at bay, outside the castle a massive crowd of enemies would be gathered to subjugate the Purge King.

No longer did Subaru possess a single ally outside the castle. His numerous tricks for the sake of keeping potential enemies in check, would not function in this situation. Those potential enemies had become concrete ones blocking his path.

Taking Emilia and running away, it was not realistic at all.

Natsuki Subaru was to meet his end here. Here, he would come to an end――

Emilia: “――Then, I’ll die together with you.”

Subaru: “――――”

At that moment, Subaru was stunned. More so than when he was stabbed, or when Reinhard first appeared, or when he realized that this was the end.

The smiling Emilia gazed on at Subaru, and spoke words containing love and definite affection.

If Natsuki Subaru was to meet his end, Emilia as well, in this place―――

Emilia: “We’ll meet the end together. I don’t want to stay in a place where you won’t need me.”

Subaru: “――Ah.”

Emilia: “Please, Subaru. I, need you. I want you to be with me.”

Emilia clung closer to his chest. Relishing in her warm droplets and the feeling of her sighs, Subaru got the strong sense that the feeling he needed was the exact opposite of what he usually felt.

Just as he had clung onto Emilia, Emilia was now clinging onto Subaru.

All along, Subaru had been needing Emilia, having been receiving salvation from her.

And now, Emilia needed Subaru, seeking salvation.

Now, Emilia was in need of Subaru, calling for salvation of her own.

That a moment like this would come now, such a thought had not even―――

Emilia: “Subaru…?”

Grabbing Emilia’s clinging shoulders, Subaru shoved her away.

And, standing up in front of her, motionless, her eyes opened wide in shock, Subaru then stepped back.

Emilia was looking upwards, towards Subaru.

And to Emilia, his lips trembling, Subaru uttered.

Subaru: “That’s, a lie…”

Shaking his head horizontally in refusal, Subaru stared at Emilia―― with fearful eyes.

Emilia: “Suba…”

Subaru: “No, please stop, stop it. Why me, why now, why! Stop it! Stopit stopit stopit! PLEASE STOP!!”

Fear, it was fear.

There was fear. There was nothing but fear. There was only fear. Certainly, only fear.

Fear, fear, fear, fear, fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear――

???: “――With so much of the Witch’s stench drifting from you.”

He covered his ears.

He held his head.

Trying to run away from that voice, from that raised shriek, from that audible voice.

???: “――There’s a limit to how much you can pretend to be unrelated to her!!”

As to cover his ears.

As to hold his head.

As to try to run away from that voice, from that raised shriek, from that audible voice, but unable to do such a deed.

???: “――Nee-sama is too kind.” [14]

Subaru: “Do you think I would be aware of such a thing, AHHHHHH―― Hk!!”

Screaming loud enough to the point of vomiting blood, Subaru retreated backwards.

Emilia stood up, asking him what was going on. He could not hear it.

With sweet, sugary, tender words, she tried to nestle closer to Subaru. He could not hear them.

Her words, her voice, were not being heard. He did not want to hear them.

Don’t be kind to me. Don’t treat me gently.

For what reason, are you trying to snuggle up to me?

Such a thing should be impossible.

Just how many evil deeds do you think I’ve piled up?

Emilia shouldn’t have forgiven them.

She really shouldn’t.

Was I the one to change that?

Had Natsuki Subaru’s foolishness, by having leaned on Emilia, by having relied on Emilia to sleep at night and get through everything, snot pathetically running from his nose, Subaru leaning, his pathetic nose running, on that pajama-wearing Emilia’s nights having relied on to overcome, been what had changed Emilia?

Did Emilia change as well?

Subaru: “It, would’ve been fine if you hated me! It would’ve been fine if you shunned me!”

Emilia: “――――”

Emilia, was fading to gray.

Color faded from Emilia, washing away, plunged into the world of monochrome.

It was a lie, it had been a lie. That deception had caused Subaru’s world to fade in tonality.

The silver, the amethyst that composed Emilia, the colors that made up the beautiful Emilia Subaru believed in disappeared from her, her deception causing her to be tainted by black and white.

That reality, he could not accept. Emilia was noble, and that would never change.

Even if she hated them, she could not keep someone who clung on to her away.

Because he had believed that her kindness was the materialization of her inner heart, and that she would never forgive Subaru, Subaru had been able to indulge himself in Emilia [15] .

But, comprehending that Emilia too, changed――

Subaru: “Don’t, act kindly towards me…!”

Subaru: “No matter what, you’ll come to hate something about me, won’t you? You’ll come to doubt me, won’t you? Because I’m an obstacle, you’ll think of murdering me, of hating me, of cursing me, and you’ll come to betray me!”

Subaru: “Then, please keep hating me, like it was at the start! If you’d just stayed like that, without changing, it would’ve been fine! Just do as you did, and hate me. Just do as you did, and hate me …!”

Suddenly welling up, was anger.

He was proceeding to drown in anger, at anything and everything in the world.

In trying to save his drowning self, he had struggled desperately as to try and take repeated breaths. But having finally at this juncture, even Emilia had betrayed Subaru.

――Something that changed would one day come to betray him, and because of that, it was similar to having been betrayed already.

Subaru: “Please don’t you pretend to be in love with me when you’ll just betray me one day!!”

Emilia: “――Hk.”

Shakily, Subaru thrusted away the monochrome Emilia extending a hand towards him.

Pushed back with resolve, Emilia fell over in the hallway, having lost her support. For a moment, hesitation brushed against his chest, but Subaru fully painted it over with fear.

Even Emilia was no longer tranquil.

That this would come to pass someday, it was the very last possibility he had considered―― He had not been thinking that she would be in such need of him.

――That Emilia could, someday, forgive Subaru.

That such a day would never come had been his hope, and that was fine, but sure enough, it had surely materialized.

Therefore, Subaru, left in this world of only black and white, could only rely on his last resort, the only thing in his possession.

Emilia: “――!!”

That fallen Emilia, was shrieking something.

Leaving it behind his back, Subaru began sprinting.

He could not feel any pain in his side. He no longer cared about such a thing.

There was merely a wish to end everything. Subaru’s world of color was disappearing entirely.

What remained was, just that.

The last straw on to which the drowning Natsuki Subaru clung onto, was merely――

――An existence with hatred that would never change, which would not forgive Subaru.

Emilia: “――!!”

That half-mad Emilia’s voice did not reach that half-mad Subaru.

The collapse of that den of wickedness, Pandemonium, much like the collapse of its master’s mind, advanced at increasing speed.

Within that world crumbling, that world devoid of color, Subaru had finally arrived.

Subaru: “――――”

He arrived at Natsuki Subaru’s office, still whole.

Firm protections, like those that had been used for Emilia’s private quarters, had been applied to it―― Because, in this room, there was something which absolutely should never be damaged there, much like Emilia.

He had kept Emilia away out of a wish for harm not to befall her, but this was the opposite.

That which had been set up at the place closest to himself, was what Subaru opened up.

The door concealed behind the bookshelf, was truly a door that no one, with the exception of Subaru, would be able to open.

Without haste, Subaru opened it.

On the other side of the open door, the sound of chains, the sound of chains linked to the wall, reverberated.

And, while playing that sound of chains, pink-colored eyes gazed at Subaru, and spoke.

???: “――Finally, did you come wanting to die, Barusu?”

――Solely because of her hatred, the girl that desired to murder his own self held a minute smile, with the color of blood.

[1] In the original Japanese text, this is a mimetic word, a word that imitates a sound, but actually means a concrete word, like a noun or a verb. In this case, it would mean something like “with force”. I’ve opted to write the first two instances as a sound effect (originally “ギリギリ”), and the latter one as the expression it means (originally “ギリギリと”).

[2] Similar to the above, now with “ジタバタ” imitating the sound, and “ジタバタと” having a meaning of “to flair/flutter”.

[3] The original expression, “親猫”, is literally translated as “parent cat”, which means something like “an overly attached parent”. Sadly, the pun doesn’t really work because of the localization.

[4] Not to be confused with the capitalized Warlock, which is used for instances of “魔人” within double quotes (“『』”).

[5] Traditional sandals from Japanese, similar to flip-flops. For more information, see here .

[6] Japanese smoke pipe (see here ).

[7] “忍術” may also be literally translated as “ninjutsu”, and would encompass martial arts of concealment and combat practiced by Japanese shinobi (more often known outside of Japan as ninjas ). More likely, Tappei intended the use of this expression here to transmit these multiple meanings. In here, a translation of each individual Kanji that make up the word was chosen. For more information, see here .

[8] To fit with the shinobi aesthetic, this is specifically a kunai knife, traditionally used for close-quarters combat. For more information, see here .

[9] An interesting thing to note here is that the expression used here is Engrish, “ボス”, literally read “boss”. However I’ve opted not to flip the language, even though there are non-Engrish alternatives, because it’s hard to know whether it’s an intentional use of Engrish or not.

[10] Engrish flip. Means “model/template” (型), originally “JP” (テンプレ).

[11] Cecilus here is saying the expression “大海原/おおうなばら”, which means “(great) ocean”. However, he’s using Katakana, so it’s like he’s mispronouncing it. This translation choice reflects that little detail.

[12] Despite being a gigantic number, my convention is to write numbers by full. For those who can’t be arsed, the number of people is 126,702.

[13] Albeit the Dempsey Roll is a boxing technique that exists in real life (named by the eponymous Jack Dempsey), it was made popular in Japan by the series Hajime no Ippo. So it’s likely a reference to said series.

[14] These lines are spoken by Rem in the third loop of Arc 2; the first two are portions spoken while she is interrogating Subaru after finding him observing the mansion, the final one is spoken after Subaru gets his throat gouged by Ram’s wind magic. These can be found in WN Arc 2 Chapter 21, and LN Volume 2, Chapter 4, Section 7.

[15] There’s a bit of a stealth reference here to the title of this IF, the verb used for “indulge” is “溺れる”, read “ oboreru ”, and can also be read as “drown”. And Oboreru IF is exactly what this IF is known as in the English community.

--- Re: Oboreru IF (Wrath Route) ---

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated by :

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

NOTICE AS OF DEC 30TH, 2021

This translation is currently being worked on to improve its quality. It is expected this will take up to a couple of weeks.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――I heard a voice ripe with hatred.

――A sound which would not leave my ears.

――Words imbued with rage followed me.

――It was frightening, so frightening that I could not bear it.

――I was being crushed by the pressure of this noise which did not obscure its murderous intent.

――It gripped onto my soul, and would not let go.

――There was myself, and with the more I clung to my life, the more I would hurt others.

――First and foremost, I was sorry, so sorry, and yet I was still drowning.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――A neck, was being strangled by a great force.

Straddling them, a light body was pressing down on someone, disabling all movement.

Shoulders were being held down by both legs and knees, small in size, the body floundering underneath without freedom. Before their eyes, white arms covered in vermilion abrasions were pressing down on their neck. An out-of-place thought flashed, that it appeared like blossoming flowers,

―― Chokechoke , chokechoke , such was the great force with which someone’s neck was being throttled [1] .

???: “――――”

Right in front of their eyes, was a pair of pupils glowing with passion.

Endless fury and hollow despair stretched deep, deep in those large round eyes.

A blank thought that falling into those bottomless eyes, passed through their head.

???: “Ah, kah… Uh.”

―― Badumbadum , badumbadum , such were the sounds of their legs flailing wildly [2] .

That they were struggling in an effort to escape, was not the case.

Things such as thoughts to escape, had already disappeared long ago. So, the struggle of those legs were not an expression of a will to live, but merely a tantrum born of sheer physical suffering.

The brain was lacking oxygen, the mind had lost its will to live, but the body was still writhing in protest.

Everything was discordant, an unbalanced way of being such as that was unsightly.

Can’t I just die quietly? I want to just die quietly.

As peacefully as possible, like I’m simply going to sleep, that’d be the most enjoyable way to die for me.

Alas, such a wish was not to be. Far from being granted, their fate was really to be the complete opposite of that.

???: “Buh, kuh, kuh.”

With wide-open eyes bulging from their sockets, biting down hard and foaming at the mouth, with a body grown emancipated after only a few short days, it was in this state that they twisted and groaned like a wounded beast.

A fitting end, or so ought to be said.

A fitting fate, or so ought to be said.

What, why and how was it that they had come to be in this kind of situation?

???: “――What’s so funny?”

Suddenly, a voice was heard.

One unlike these animalistic groans, it was a cold yet clear voice.

The owner of those eyes laden with fury, their lips pressed thin as they squeezed their throat, looked up at the sound of the voice.

???: “――――”

Even when asked what was so funny, they were unable to find the answer.

There was nothing funny here, in the first place. There really was not, so why even ask?

The question was confusing. Some rude kind of nonsense, a riddle.

Even if someone forced them to reply, they would not have any answers. Yet despite that, the time waiting in silence still felt like lying on a bed of thorns.

How many times had they been flung around like this, by the force of some divine providence, so absurdly and unreasonably?

???: “――What’s so funny?”

There was nothing funny about it.

???: “Huu, he, hehe.”

Then, was it that the person asking was directing it towards the wrong party?

Or, was it that this person was enjoying this moment without even noticing it?

Were they enjoying the situation of having this woman mount them like she was on horseback strangling away at their neck?

If that was it, then it was detestable; their rational thoughts escaped.

Woman: “――What’s so funny?”

There was nothing amusing here. Even though there was nothing, this question would be projected repeatedly, over and over again.

Not even projecting. She was not that far away. It was not even projecting.

Close enough to feel each other’s breath, gazing up at the beautiful face of the girl opposite him, they were surrounded by her voice. Blanketed in it.

She had, without words, without hurtful abuse, shown clear hate in her voice.

Woman: “What’s so――”

Funny , and then.

The question seeking an answer was expected again, but suddenly faded away like mist.

Woman: “――Guh.”

Tilted, the face of the girl in front of them suddenly tilted to the left.

Like that, her leaning body could not rise back. Her posture collapsed, and that girl’s body crumpled onto the white snow. Of course, as the thin arm formerly wrapped around his neck had also come loose, their path to suffocation had ended halfway through.

???: “――Geh, ah.”

Coughing, the bitter taste of blood ascended their neck.

Collapsing lungs inflated before receding again, sending much-needed oxygen through their body in turn. That was also a reflex, from survival instinct. A proper human being would not just refuse to breathe and die.

Questions like whether that would be something a proper person would do or not, were something they did not wish to discuss, at this juncture.

???: “――――”

The feelings that had been present within their heart up to this moment, that of resigning oneself to death, now faded away. They had been replaced with a desire to live dubbed oxygen, an obsessive desire that could not be let go. Frantically, earnestly, they greedily coveted more to the point of looking pathetic.

While like that, ceaselessly filling his lungs with cold air on every breath, they had come to realize.

???: “――――”

Amidst the accumulating fluffy white snow, before him, lay a girl collapsed on her side.

Through the poor complexion of her face and lips, the woman’s unrealistic beauty was raised to even greater heights. With her faint breaths turning to white mist, an omen of her life withering, her violently glistening eyes made for a strong impression.

Looking carefully, it was a sight that did not seem well-fitted for the snow.

Her uniform revealed bare shoulders and thighs; the thickness of its cloth was wholly insufficient for warding off the cold. The neck, the ears, and other areas easily chilled were exposed to the wind, a painful sight to witness.

They were only the clothes she happened to be wearing―― although, it wasn’t just the woman, but themselves too, that were in the same condition.

???: “――――”

―― Clackclack , clackclack , such were the sounds of trembling mismatched teeth striking.

Whether it was the cold, or the strong melancholy in their heart that was the culprit, they did not know.

In this situation, rather than worrying about the anomaly of their body, instead they could not take their eyes off the girl in front of him.

Woman: “――Em.”

Even fallen over in the snow, with half her face buried in it, she still looked beautiful.

It seemed that unquenchable hate and fury was inflaming that slender body and keeping it alive. Covered in wounds to such an extent, it was a strange situation that the girl yet survived.

???: “――――”

Countless corpses were lying around them and the girl, in that pure-white snowscape.

Those beasts that consumed life, indulged in it, and destroyed the soul, before the wind of this girl had all turned to corpses. So, in this place, the survivors amounted to only two. Themselves and the girl, only two.

That, too, in a moment, could immediately become one, become zero.

???: “――――”

What is it , so the girl delicately mumbled as they slowly stood beside her.

The fingers on both their hands were numb due to the frost, having taken a dark-red coloration. With body temperature having dropped immensely, there was no feeling remaining in the cold fingers. Weak itching was the only evidence that the fingers were still attached to the their body.

Shaking about those fingers that could not be relied on, they lifted a stone as big as a human cranium.

Without any reason or purpose, it was only a stone that just happened to be there.

The fact that they had raised it secretly brought them much relief.

They compared the stone in their hand with the collapsed girl.

For a moment, that stone held by their fingers seemed to quite resemble the face of the collapsed woman.

They did not know if they were laughing. However, the look that was ultimately seared into their mind, was severe like that of a demon violently projecting onto them murderous intent and hostility, and nothing more.

As to shake that off, in both hands they lifted the rock skyward.

Gazing upwards at that action, the owner of those pink irises spoke with a faint, yet unquestionably clear voice,

Woman: “――I will definitely kill you.”

――The sound of something hitting something hard, in the snow-blanketed forest slowly, slowly echoed.

It echoed.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――That day, the mansion of Margrave Roswaal L. Mathers’ collapsed with a whimper.

Ironically enough, the first to notice the collapse was the woman who, more than anyone else, had desperately struggled to maintain the mansion. And because of that, her actions had been ruthless.

???: “――――”

At its genesis, she had received from the master of the house, from Roswaal, a great benefit.

So, hearing that the maid sisters who had taken care of the mansion no longer held their positions, knowing then that the owner had nobody to take care of him, she immediately rushed to that owner’s side.

The change in the appearance of the owner brought a most terrible pain to her chest.

Those two suspiciously glinting, brimming with confidence, differently-colored pupils; the eccentric and frank way of speech; the pale makeup of a clown that could be said to be the epitome of bad taste; the choice of fashion that appeared to be clawing at other people’s aesthetic sense; just about every light had disappeared from Roswaal.

After receiving such a reunion with him, the woman―― Frederica, clenched her fists tight.

Frederica: “It cannot end like this. For the sake of those girls, I will…”

Earnest in thought, she would guard that place of belonging.

Rather than thinking on whether something could be done, focusing on hope and wanting to do something, for that reason she had started to act.

To uplift the mansion once again she toiled, taking the hand of the girl who was collaborating without even knowing she would drag the master who had sunk into languor, in apathy, busily going around every day.

There was no time to stop and fret for Frederica.

Even though sometimes she would grow disheartened with her state of mind in that difficult situation, she always raised her head with fervor.

Were she to falter at any point, she would not be worthy to gaze upon the faces of those precious to her.

At some point, she had forgotten how to smile. At some point, she had forgotten to welcome night with a relaxed mind.

Even then, Frederica did her utmost to protect that which she loved, to surround the bubbles spreading away on the water’s surface with her arms so they would not escape. Even so――

Frederica: “――Ah.”

By the time Frederica finally realized, it was already too late for everything in the mansion.

White, the soles of her shoes frozen to the hallway, she lost sight of where her own self was.

The sight of the once-familiar mansion had become distinctly different from what she knew.

The carefully-cleaned corridor; the kitchen where she had cooked; where she had run ragged for those that needed her care; all that Frederica knew on a daily basis had, in front of her eyes, now become a clouded white world.

And as for who had done all this――

Frederica: “Great Spirit-sama…”

???: “Sorry, Frederica. You’re not to blame―― it’s just that, if I’m to protect my most precious thing, then this is the best decision to make.”

Saying this, showing its face and floating in the air, was a small cat with gray fur.

Its size only that of a fist, yet a supernatural existence carrying immense power in that small of a body―― it was the Great Spirit, Puck.

She did not want to believe. But now there was no reason to doubt.

That was the one who had wrapped the mansion in this white demise, transforming it.

Frederica: “Why, do this…”

Puck: “I said it already, all my actions are for Lia―― Lia agreed to leave the forest because it was what she wanted to do, and also for her safety. Or so I thought. But there’s no worth here anymore. I wonder where it all went wrong.”

Frederica: “――――”

Puck: “Roswaal was my miscalculation. That pitiful thing’s just your everyday guy.”

Shaking their head, Puck shot at her with voice devoid of any emotion.

At those words, Frederica’s breath hitched. And soon afterwards, clacking her sharp denture,

Frederica: “――Insulting the master of this house in front of me, a maid, cannot be forgiven.”

Puck: “You, too, are a pitiful child. Only you are desperate to protect this fallen place.”

Frederica: “Please stop talking as if you are referring to the past, it is not over yet.”

She called sharply. Without having a chance, towards the Great Spirit.

Faced with Frederica’s words of defiance, the kitten narrowed their round eyes and gazed with pity on their face. Reacting to that existence’s movement and expression, which to some extent smelled human-like, Frederica leaned forward and lowered her body.

Frederica: “Emilia-sama would be sad.”

That one brief hesitation from the small Great Spirit might give her the win, this was what Frederica was hoping. But――

Puck: “Unfortunately, I’m weak to Lia. I cannot move on from my child, I’m a momma bear [3] .”

Even a moment’s hesitation, some small opening, from that Great Spirit did not appear.

As the world of difference between her and Puck reflected in her eyes, Frederica firmly smashed her molars together.

Whether it was the beginnings of regret or grief, it was too late to be felt.

Just a simple white breeze blew, and with that alone the woman named Frederica was frozen.

That marked the beginning of the collapse of Roswaal’s mansion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

By the time the warlock [4] noticed the signs of collapse, it was all already too late.

???: “――――”

With ghostly footsteps the warlock in their own mansion walked.

The frozen mass of air underfoot broke with a clatter, and a chill breeze tickled their nape.

His neck drew away from it, and immediately, an odd physiological reaction to that unpleasant cold was felt.

Nowadays, applying makeup to his face and choosing clothing had both been left to Frederica.

That diligent and enthusiastic girl was, no matter how, trying to pay back the grace she had received from this place, but it was too late. His heart that should not have have felt anything ached a little.

――The path to Roswaal’s dearest wish had, at some point, been severed.

Roswaal: “Ram, Rem…”

Maybe it had been triggered by the loss of the oni sisters.

The existence of those two was a key part in the path towards Roswaal’s utmost wish. With them having vanished, Roswaal had been left alone.

Four-hundred years later, upon realizing the road to his long-held hope had been broken, Roswaal could no longer stand on his own.

Roswaal: “――Ram.”

A short, mumbled name, it was the name that conveyed the biggest regret.

――The possibility that it would become like this, he had already considered it previously.

Quite the opposite, the likelihood that it would end badly like this was much higher. It was because of this that Roswaal had taken insurance on his own existence.

When his end finally arrived, he wanted someone there that could receive it happily.

Her, dying before him, had ruined the last remaining cogwheel in his plans.

Roswaal: “――――”

So then, it was strange for Roswaal, to find himself wandering through the frozen mansion.

He had lost his reason to stand already, and his reason for walking was already gone from him.

Frederica: “Master, please return yourself to how you were before. So the two of them――”

Many times, Frederica had so appealed to Roswaal.

With Roswaal falling into despair, his spirit weakened, Frederica had taken up the task of patiently and devotedly uplifting her apathetic master.

Henceforth, the power to walk in this now-frozen mansion remained in him.

Henceforth, in the middle of the hallway he was wandering in aimlessly, his sight now turned to the scenery beyond the window.

Henceforth, he saw that frozen world of white, and the form of the blonde-haired girl attempting to resist it.

Roswaal: “――――”

He perhaps thought, that to not protect her here would not do.

Or it could simply be acting on reflex, he did not know.

Enough remained of his mind in the body for him to decide on reflex that he must do so.

So now, Roswaal slowly spread his arms wide, readying himself to pour out a vast amount of Mana――

Roswaal: “――Kh!”

At that moment, Roswaal barely avoided the bright flash of a blade targeting his neck.

???: “――Oh my, to be able to dodge this is outside of my expectations. Perhaps the Head Magician of the Court isn’t only skilled in magic, but is someone holding some level of skill in martial arts as well?”

From behind Roswaal’s back called out a light voice.

His zori [5] attaining speed that could scorch the frozen corridor as they glided through it, it was the voice of a young man sporting dark-blue hair.

Blue-Haired Man: “That movement just now, it wasn’t something someone can just do on the fly. I’m honestly impressed.”

That terribly out-of-place person was clad in a blue kimono , wearing zori on his feet, and had two swords strapped to his waist. One of those had been unsheathed, and he was now tapping his shoulder with it.

A face with a neat appearance, donning a well-fitting smile. The bright eyes that gave a striking impression of a young mischievous child, and the long hair tied up both somehow offered him an androgynous look.

[Picture Source]

But from him emanated an aberrant yet transparent fighting aura―― just by being bathed in that ghastly gaze, visions of myriad deaths from a sword surface, so that anyone would be rendered unable to make rational comments.

Blue-Haired Man: “If you’re a person confident in more than just magic, my heart’s relieved of a burden, it really is a great help. After all, something that’s so one-sided doesn’t fit my sense of aesthetics. No, I’d do it if told to do so, but I wanna avoid getting the villain treatment if possible.”

Roswaal: “Like in the rumors, you’re quite talkaaaaaative…”

Blue-Haired Man: “Oh, a rumor about me? It can’t be helped. Am I a celebrity even in such a place? Hehehe, I wish it wasn’t such a strange rumor, though.”

The young man fluently spoke as he scratched his head with a shy smile.

While looking at this scene, Roswaal reignited his sluggish thoughts to stir again, as to solve the situation he had found himself in.

What played a part in that blaze, was the burning sensation at his left arm.

Roswaal: “――――”

Blue-Haired Man: “By the way, if you don’t do anything about your arm soon, won’t you die of blood loss?”

Roswaal: “Your advice, I’m grateful for it.”

With that argument made by the young lad, Roswaal loosened his lips lost of the color of blood.

That Roswaal’s left arm had been amputated near the shoulder, and what had used to be attached there was almost unrealistically rolling on the floor, like the limb of a doll.

Alongside the first strike to his neck that had been dodged, his arm had been lopped off.

After hearing this advice to act, Roswaal grasped his wound, and an instant burst of fire directly stopped the bleeding. Horrible pangs of pain tore through his brain, but with rigid cheeks he bore it.

At that his extreme emergency treatment, the young man’s eyes widened ever so slightly.

Blue-Haired Man: “I’d imagined that mages’d be far more timid. Anya’s like that… Oh, by the way, Anya’s someone I’m acquainted with.”

Roswaal: “I know, Cecilus Segmunt-kun.”

Cecilus: “――――”

Roswaal: “The most powerful warrior of the Vollachian Empire, top-ranked among the Nine Divine Generals, correct? Being given the rank of First General, the name of the Blue Lightning is famous even in Lugunica.”

Cecilus: “Oh, that’s the biggest of honors.”

At Roswaal’s low voice, the young man―― Cecilus Segmunt responded with an elegant bow.

There was no reason to hide his identity. There was no reason to hide his name in the first place, so he may as well act coolly dignified and confident.

Watching those mannerly ways with their dramatic productions, Roswaal sighed.

Roswaal: “But that aside, what’s happening now, I wooonder~? Ahh, it couldn’t be, at this time when the new Monarch of the Kingdom of Lugunica is being decided, the Vollachian Empire is moving in violation of the treaty?”

Cecilus: “Oh, that’s a misunderstanding. Right now you could say I am on break from being part of the Nine Divine Generals, or you could say I am unemployed. Anyway, this business has nothing to do with the Empire, now I am professed as the strongest ordinary… vagrant swordsman.”

Roswaal: “――――”

Cecilus: “This is no poor joke. My actions, the Empire’s not involved in them at all. Of course, loyalty to His Excellency still lies in my heart… But, I got my reasons for doing what I do.”

With a grand gesture, Cecilus emphasized that he and the Empire were not working together. It was difficult to believe it unconditionally, it was fact the plans of the Empire were incomprehensible.

For this reason, Roswaal narrowed both his dual-colored eyes, and inquired of Cecilus,

Roswaal: “Then it’s even more curious. That you’ve even abandoned your position of General at the Empire, and come here. What exactly is it that can move you to such an extent, I wooonder~?”

Cecilus: “It’s easy to understand―― A step in the path towards the Heavenly Sword, was promised.”

Roswaal: “Path towards the Heavenly Sword?”

At that reply, Roswaal frowned his handsome brows.

Cecilus, witnessing that, nodded deeply in reply, and a murmur, “Yes”. The expression was just as if he was smiling, but a crucial difference lay in the emotion of the pupils.

With human emotions like that of joy and pleasure, the Blue Lightning severed human lives.

However, what lurked in the eyes of Vollachia’s strongest at this instance was not joy and pleasure, but a deeper hue, a more fervent hue――

Cecilus: “It’s a most important wish I’ve never spoken of to any living person. Someone guessed it correctly, and went on to say they could assist with it… There wasn’t any choice but to accept that opportunity.”

Roswaal: “How unexpected, you don’t seem to be type to be another’s puppet.”

Cecilus: “Between being controlled by others and merely accepting the stage provided by fate, isn’t there a subjective difference between the two? I accept the role of this world’s star actor, the leading part on its script. Beyond that, it’s part of an actor’s skillset to ad-lib lines and performances, isn’t it so?”

Cecilus shrugged, the emotions in his eyes returning to their previous state, and Roswaal simply nodded.

Indeed, at the strength of his argument, he gave up fighting against it. “Might makes right”, was the philosophy Cecilus had built over many victories.

To forcefully bend that notion was impossible for Roswaal, who had lived four-hundred years for an obsession of his own.

For Roswaal, who preferred stagnation, that philosophy seemed attractive to him, too.

Cecilus: “I don’t hate you, rather, I quite like you. But because this is also my role… Head Magician of the Court of the Kingdom of Lugunica, Roswaal L. Mathers; I will be taking that head of yours.”

Seemingly acting in his own breed of politeness, Cecilus returned the sword he held to its sheath. And with the sound of another blade being drawn, the blade of a beautiful sword was revealed to the world.

The beauty of the sword was truly arcane, a magic sword imbued with uncanny power――

Cecilus: “――Ranked highest among blades, the Dream Sword, Masayume.”

Roswaal: “The sword that eats away at the holder’s soul with one swing, is it? ――Cecilus-kun, may I ask one thing?”

With the overflowing dreadfulness in front of him, Roswaal with a carefree tone raised a finger.

One-armed and bloodied, faced with a swordsman without peer in all epochs amongst the congealed atmosphere; yet in such a situation he raised a query towards Cecilus. The latter again tilted his head, at that out-of-place light-hearted tone.

Cecilus: “What are my weaknesses? My weak points are that I don’t listen to people and I don’t really have the composure of someone over twenty years of age. Oftentimes, that’d end up in the agenda of the Imperial Parliament.”

Roswaal: “Your employer’s name is?”

After that question was posed, Cecilus’s eyebrows raised slightly.

He lowered the blade while drawing a foot back. Slowly, he leaned his upper body forward,

Cecilus: “Gossip around has them down as a wretch, a fiend, and I’ve even heard some speaking ill in their back, calling them the Purge King… But to you, because I’ve been asked to communicate the correct name to you…”

With that as the preface, Cecilus wet his lips with his tongue.

After a dramatic pause, he revealed.

Cecilus: “――――”

With that name as an expression of power reaching his ears, Cecilus disappeared, cracking the floor of the mansion.

That he had vanished from the world, it was fast enough to mistake for that.

On that moment, the moniker of Blue Lightning truly befitted the man approaching like a bolt of electricity.

The distance was crossed instantaneously.

However, at that same instant, Roswaal weakly parted his lips, muttering,

Roswaal: “So it was you, after all.”

Even before the sound of those words appeared in the world, the Dream Sword drew an arc.

Just before everything went dark, Roswaal’s consciousness thought.

About those girls currently at the mansion, and their safety.

About those girls who had been become collateral damage in the path to his dearest wish, and had ultimately been left with no happiness at all.

――He did not possess neither the qualifications nor the time to apologize in those final moments, and so anything and everything vanished.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Door Crossing’s mechanism was a simple one, which functioned by connecting the entrance to the Forbidden Library to another doorway.

Due to that straightforward effect, the versatility of Door Crossing was quite high, and she was proud of this outstanding magic. But just like any other magic, Door Crossing was not wholly flawless as well.

If its method were revealed that useful nature could turn into weakness. Because of this, the existence of the Forbidden Library and the effect of Door Crossing had to be kept hidden from outsiders.

Indeed, outsiders were not supposed to find out about it.

――Henceforth, such a situation was inevitable, she thought.

Beatrice: “What irony, I suppose.”

At the moment the door to the Forbidden Library’s was touched, Beatrice herself already understood that they would be let inside.

That spacious mansion with its countless doors to choose from existed, and yet, Beatrice had forcibly been guided to a single one.

That method was simple―― a situation where the other doors could not open would do the trick.

The method to halt Door Crossing was to remove any choice of doors to connect to.

That task had been carried out with diligence, and so the doors that could be opened in the mansion had now been limited to one. And that who had helped in discovering this method must have been her dear brother, she somewhat understood.

Being put off-balance by this realization was inevitable. Because that was a common law for both their existences――

But even taking that into account, begrudging her dear brother was not fitting for her. Because of this, Beatrice, without holding any sort of resentment for her brother, instead quietly faced the door that had been opened.

???: “――Yo, Beatrice.”

Calling out to Beatrice from the other side of the open door, they waved their hand.

That voice and attitude, she remembered it. Because of this, Beatrice’s body shivered with fear.

The face from her memories, and the face now seen in front of her, not every detail seemed to match up.

While it was in concordance with the general parts of her memory, they were already almost like another person.

Beatrice: “You, why are you giving me that look, in fact?”

To that dark, dark gaze ahead of her, Beatrice shook her head.

Far from improving, it had changed in a way that drew even more revulsion.

That rare-to-find black hair and black eyes remained, yet the hair had lost its luster, while in those eyes that had lost their shine darkened emotions were dimly revealed.

Surrounding those eyes reminiscent of gloom were deep dark circles, thin and frail cheeks lay underneath, and what could be seen of the fingers displayed a corpse-like pallor.

With long dark clothes wrapping their body, exposure of the skin minimized―― among that united uniform of black, what stuck out was a bright orange scarf. Just that, and that alone, was quite strongly betraying their gloomy impression.

Some years had passed.

But despite that, too much had changed. How could a human become so different?

Beatrice: “You, your mood has seriously changed, I suppose.”

Human: “Same goes for you, then. Is your growth spurt over? Normally, you’d become a little more mature after two years have passed.”

In a blank voice, to Beatrice’s words they replied with a joke.

Two years, was it? If that person said so, then certainly that would be the amount of time that had gone by.

Just two years, from Beatrice’s perspective, was like the blink of an eye. To humans, especially to the one standing now in her sight, how meaningful would those years be, she wondered.

――Was that stretch of time so meaningful for that boy, who had been near death, to return for revenge like this?

Human: “Do you remember, Beatrice? We ate together here.”

Beatrice: “――That memory does not exist, in fact. Eating together with you never happened, I suppose.”

At the words of that human, Beatrice crinkled her brows.

The two were facing each other in the dining room, on the first floor of the mansion. White cloth draped the table, and in the center seat was that person, asking Beatrice a mysterious question.

Human: “…Ah, that’s right. You, yeah, you wouldn’t know that. Yeah, that’s my bad. That just now, it was my bad. It’s always my bad.”

Beatrice: “What happened… No, it’s not something that needs to be heard now at this point, in fact.”

For a single moment, in Beatrice’s heart hesitation brushed past.

But, that girl in the blink of an eye commanded herself to seal away those unnecessary distractions. And then. Towards that troubling human, she pointed her small palm.

There, with her sense of pride as the Librarian who guarded the Forbidden Library―― Or rather, it was her fleeting sense of duty, a desire to martyr herself for her part, a part no one wished upon her.

Beatrice: “You might have a righteous right to wish for revenge, I suppose. Even so, Betty has, for Betty, a role to fulfill, in fact. For that…”

Human: “――――”

With strength, Beatrice focused on her own role, glaring at him to suppress any violence from that person.

Seeing this, his expression tensed slightly. Something, perhaps an attempt to endure some difficult feeling could be seen, and at the moment Beatrice set down her foot――

Human: “Come on now, Beatrice―― Wasn’t there a Contract to protect me?”

――At that moment, in Beatrice was born a lethal hesitation.

Beatrice: “…Ah.”

Contract , at that sound Beatrice’s whole body was pierced with shock, and she grew stiff.

And that rigidness did not unravel itself, unchanging, regardless of what Beatrice’s will was. Something of the mind was not the culprit. Physically, her movement had been blocked. That was――

???: “Forgive me. With this, you won’t be able to move.”

At Beatrice’s side, having risen from the shadows, one person had manifested there.

Wearing a disheveled black kimono and biting on a gold-colored kiseru [6] pipe with the sharp teeth that lined its mouth, there stood a beastman―― a tall man, with a wolfen visage.

He gazed downwards at her with slitted eyes, as Beatrice only came up to his waist. Finding no emotion in those small pupils, Beatrice’s throat let out a squeak,

Beatrice: “That, is…”

Human: “A mysterious shinobi technique of binding shadows, something of the sort. Think of it as a secret art [7] . No need for concern however, it shouldn’t be active for very long… You are my benefactor, after all.”

Rigid, her body’s freedom taken away from her, Beatrice could do nothing but listen to that voice.

There was no trembling in the words he spoke, no mistakes in the memories he shared. Slowly rising from his seat, and drawing nearer to her side, that person’s eyes were dark, but any signs of discomfort could not be found in them.

To get revenge, was that person’s reason for finding this place, Beatrice had concluded. But the glint in that human’s eyes could not be perceived by Beatrice as one of revenge.

In those black eyes filled with dim light, some feeling that was ripping at his chest could be found.

Human: “Back then, you let me run away, and now I’m still here. That’s definitely something I wanted to tell you.”

Beatrice: “If this is your method for that… You really are an aggravating man, I suppose… Definitely aggravating.”

Human: “I’m sorry about that. But, I figured something out, Beatrice.”

Interrupting Beatrice’s jagged speech, he slowly shook his head. Those lips, drawn in the shape of a smile, silently looked down at Beatrice.

If she thought about it, had she ever seen this person smile like this? Back then, when she had let him spend many hours in the Forbidden Library.

At that recalling Beatrice, he put out his hand, and said,

Human: “――That you and I, we’re of the same kind, that is.”

Beatrice: “――――”

The corners of his eyes sagged, and only now did his eyes return to how they had been before, to how the eyes of the boy had first been.

The boy had returned to how he had been during those few days at the mansion, before becoming this weird being.

Human: “At that time, I had no other path but to die, but you didn’t give up on me, you saved me. Even now, how many times, how many times do the thoughts of that red-glowing sunset come to my mind.”

Beatrice: “You…”

Human: “I’m still thankful for that, Beatrice… Why didn’t you kill me, back then?”

Beatrice: “――Kh.”

Were those words of gratitude, or of resentment?

Regardless, Beatrice had been blindsided by the words spoken by a face displaying both joy and sorrow.

So this was the work of her influence, the all-consuming despair in his heart, she accepted.

As if naturally, that rigid hold on her body which made her uneasy came undone, and her outstretched arm dropped down. But, in this newfound freedom, her willingness to resist was already gone.

That cause and effect had been flipped around was quite easy to understand.

Human: “Beatrice, I’m thankful for you. I think I probably did like you. Within that time, only you truly drew close to me, those are my thoughts.”

Beatrice: “…That is, the lowest confession.”

Human: “I don’t disagree.”

At his words, Beatrice replied with empty feelings.

And then, in that thinly smiling boy’s black eyes, Beatrice saw the truth―― the dark emotions within were so familiar to her, she realized.

It was a most foul lesion that would nestle in the hearts of many beings, eventually eroding all hope.

―――A disease called despair, within him, within herself, had been quietly nesting.

Human: “Halibel, a kunai [8] .”

At that request, the beastman standing by Beatrice raised his eyebrows.

Silently, looking on at those two’s exchange of questions and answers, the beastman now shook his kiseru up and down.

Halibel: “…Ya sure?”

Human: “A kunai .”

Having been once again ordered, that beastman swung his left arm high.

Then, a black lump of steel pierced the floor of the dining room with a thud. Crouching down, retrieving it, he left its weight on his palm.

It let off a dull gleam, this dark-colored metal. It had a simple form for cutting down life.

Human: “I’m so happy that you remembered our Contract.”

He did take advantage of it, such a thought occurred to her.

However. That it was truly a fleeting view of a distant joy, he spoke with that kind of voice. To blame him somehow, that feeling did not really appear in her.

Human: “You are so lovely, with those colors that suit you…”

Beatrice: “――――”

At that moment, Beatrice’s eyes opened wide, and filled with heavy tears.

In her blurry sight, that person gently overlooking her was there. As she blinked, tears began to flow down her cheeks. Shedding tears like that, to gaze at his appearance to the end, was what she wished.

He had stated that himself and herself were of the same kind.

Then, there was definitely a reason, there was a reason as to why he was here for her.

What she had done at that time, it had greatly affected his life unknowingly.

If that was how it had ended up being, then that was how it was going to return to her.

If he, now, for Beatrice, was doing this, to try and save her――

Beatrice: “Are you…”

Human: “――――”

With a numbly stiff tongue, shivering and shaking, Beatrice weaved speech.

Those words that came out like a sigh, when heard by the boy standing right in front of her eyes, caused him to cease moving.

He was giving her the time. For bitter words, or whatever it may be, he would accept everything, that kind of resolve could be seen.

To that determination, Beatrice――

Beatrice: “――Are you, Betty’s That Person?”

That question’s meaning, he would definitely not understand.

That there would be an answer, Beatrice was not even hoping for that much.

It was just, if it was her end, if it was that which had come looking for her, she must try to hear it still.

Human: “Yeah.”

――So, with that smiling, agreeing appearance, Beatrice’s heart was crushed and broken.

There was dearness in that smile, kindness in those words, and a blessing in that raised blade.

Human: “I’m, That Person.”

Once more, a large teardrop, flowing over that girl’s reddened cheeks, fell.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: “There’s a proverb where I used to live, something like, a drowning man will even clutch at straws.”

Facing down towards the floor’s red carpet, a man was listening to the voice.

That carpet, his face was very close to it.

There was also another thing that was close; the intervals between the man’s breaths. The beat of his heart rang in his ears like bell that had been sped-up, the feeling in his body was that of having just finished sprinting over distant fields.

He looked to be reaching sixty, an old man.

Not just his son, but his grandchildren too had grown up, he showed the marks of having lived a long and fitting life.

His position was such that he’d had to deal with many a people. Having had a long and brilliant career, this man had been entrusted with much by those around him.

That he was out of the ordinary, he did not have any thoughts of bragging like that. But having been born with a wit beyond the norm, he had resolved to live a life of abundance.

And that was why, in his current situation, he could not help but wonder whether he was in a dream or in an illusion. He could not believe it.

――He was down on his knees, in front of an opponent no older than his own grandchildren.

???: “Straw, do you know what’s that? Maybe there’s straw like what I’m thinking of here… Like wheat, something like that. The one in the water’s so desperate, that even knowing how useless it is, they’ll grab at it with all their might.”

Old Man: “――――”

???: “To put it plainly, dying humans will desperately try to survive no matter what, that’s the meaning of the proverb. It’s different from using brute force in case of a fire. They’re still thinking of turning their fortunes, but to grasp at straws is just a stupid idea.”

Smoothly, the voice above his head gave his words.

Of what was being said most seemed pointless, but not one word, not one phrase could be missed, for fear of somehow raising his ire. Not when repulsive rumors about what harmful things would happen in such a case were piled up like mountains.

Having emerged just two years ago, that boy had been spoken of in cruel and horrific spreading rumors ever since.

All that opposed him, their families, all those involved would be tracked down by any means necessary to be made an example of. With irresistible force he had kept resolutely expanding that association, Pleiades, as its leader.

With his terrifying success and his unparalleled ability of evaluation, people had bestowed the boy with a title.

――The Purge King.

Purge King: “――――”

The old man was kneeling in a place where, this organization’s headquarters lay hidden in the shadow of the Four Great Nations, started for the purpose of controlling the underworld society.

Luxurious paintings, extravagant decorations and items had been gathered in this room, the organization’s reception hall, a sight most obscene.

As for the location of the King, serving as its leader, he sat on the throne, at the back of the room―― it could rightly be called treasure, on that supreme throne he looked down on his guests.

It was a dazzling and opulent setup, and the money spent on it was enough to make one’s head spin. That violent fortune transgressed one’s eyeballs, for a in a human lifespan, even multiplied thousandfold, no, two-thousandfold, it could not be reached.

That this was a demonstration of the organization’s―― no, of the King’s power, even idiots could understand with a glance. And even if someone incapable of understanding such were to have arrived at this very room, they would never be seeing the light of day again.

Simple displays of power, mere shows of wealth were not worth anything in comparison.

Lining the walls were dozens of men, all possessing renowned names, all either top mercenaries or soldiers. All of this, had it been possible to utilize money to gain their following, and that had been how it had been carried out, what had been the cost?

Even if they only numbered a few dozen, to maintain this army, massive financial power would be needed.

Moreover, among that crowd where only the best of the best had been gathered, motivated by money, there was the pair at the left and right of the throne, those transcendental existences. For the kneeling old man, they were adequately enough to intoxicate his consciousness.

――Those extraordinary transcendentals were the Admirer, Halibel, and the Blue Lightning, Cecilus Segmunt.

Of the Kararagi City-States, and of the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

Each respectively holding the name of the strongest in their countries, those two were present side-by-side. As for how that young boss’ violent hold had gone uncontested since this association’s sudden appearance, there was no better evidence than this.

Purge King: “Sigrum-san?”

Sigrum: “――――”

At the moment his name was called, his state of mind having gone dim, that man’s―― Sigrum’s heart became frozen.

Looking on, resting his chin on his arm, the Purge King, smile gone from his face, was gazing at Sigrum with dark eyes.

As if his heart was being directly squeezed, Sigrum panted.

He must create an excuse soon, something, so his oxygen-deprived lips shivered. However, at that Sigrum’s fragile response, the Purge King’s shoulders shrank.

Purge King: “Ahh, for making you bored, I apologize. Having my stories get off-topic’s a bad habit of mine since long ago, and if I talk in this roundabout way we might never get to the point.”

Sigrum: “I-I am fine… that, is…”

Purge King: “I’m talking.”

Sigrum: “――――”

With a finger of his right hand held to his lips, the King’s left hand was pointed at him.

His excuses interrupted by that quiet remark, his back became slick with cold sweat. A silence of several seconds, in which his body felt like it had frozen over, and once a time that felt like eternity had passed,

Purge King: “…Sorry. I didn’t mean to threaten you. It’s just that, these two people here, and these others present all follow me because I hired them, but that’s not your case, is it? So, then, how should I say it… I acted in a manner I’m used to, sorry.”

Sigrum: “――――”

The speaker’s tone was quiet and conveyed respect. That made it feel all the more anomalous.

The Purge King was polite, respectful of his opponents, and yet, just like that without hesitation he would also carry out violence on them.

The King’s tone in treating others with words, showed none of his hidden intentions to those who listened. The terrified eyes of the boy were bereft of confidence, yet that narrowed gaze actually pierced through to peer at inner thoughts, the entirety of his nerves observing with strong attention to the other party’s moves.

Those darkened black irises asked only one question.

――Are you, my friend, or my enemy, I wonder.

Sigrum: “――――”

Of course, that he was not an enemy, he must assert.

However, Sigrum’s words had been sealed, having just been vocally forbidden from answering.

Making a sound, or responding with his eyes, showing with his attitude, would it wear that person’s patience?

With such a fear capturing the elder’s heart, those few seconds of his life felt like an eternity, the longest of his life.

Laughing this off as an exaggeration, not a single person had survived trying that.

The organization’s stance was merciless, and its tendrils reached the core of the underworld of the Four Great Nations. They already had become an irremovable sore.

To survive was to avoid being entangled in that diseased portion in the first place, as overcoming that illness after the fact was impossible.

And so, the sole method of surviving. Was to offer complete submission and to ready all answers in advance, it was only that.

An incurable illness he had tried to avoid at all costs. But ultimately, unable to escape it, the old man had come to this place.

With all his replies already prepared beforehand, with determination having chosen to submit, he had come.

However, Sigrum had come to understand here how naïve that idea had been.

As if hands and feet had been tied, and he had been tossed in the water while unable to move, his breathing labored, his lips panting in search of oxygen. On land, in this room, he was drowning in that gaze.

Sigrum: “――――”

Not a disease. But a curse.

The Purge King, he was ruled over by an indelible curse.

Morbid fear clouded his eyes, and unending doubt gnawed away at his heart.

He was afraid of humans. His opponent was fearing, was doubting, was hating.

He himself possessed the strongest fear buried within him, and with this same curse he was eating away at others, all others that came across it were infected with the same.

Like drowning, the King had said first. It was just as he had said.

Now, if it seemed like a chance, Sigrum would try to grab at straws or at anything.

Purge King: “So, hmm… So, the straw story. A story of desperately trying to survive… Hm, it’s understandable. Sigrum-san came to our place to talk to us, to try and make sense of this idea.”

Sigrum: “――――”

Purge King: “I’m fond of reasonable people. People who’re willing to talk are much more trustworthy than those who just punch you in the face out of nowhere. I don’t know what sort of nefarious rumors you’ve heard of us, but I want to request you to not judge us according to those… I prefer to avoid making waves if possible.”

While speaking those words, the Purge King spread his left hand in the other’s direction. And that offering gesture of the hand was like he was yielding the turn to speak.

Sigrum: “Ah.”

At that moment, as if the stiffness had come unraveled, a breath leaked out from Sigrum’s lips.

For a single moment, he was seized by the fear of annoying the King’s senses, but the young man in front of his eyes did not react. That domineering, patient silence, seemed to be leading Sigrum onwards.

Purge King: “Sigrum-san?”

Sigrum: “No..thing… My apologies. In what regards my side, it is as stated in the offer sent by letter. I wish for good relations with all members of your organization, from now on and for a long time.”

With words chosen carefully, taking care to avoid showing excess humility, Sigrum expressed his position on the matter.

Hearing that, the Purge King narrowed his eyes, but after mulling it over for a while he smiled.

Purge King: “――――”

Seeing that sudden smiling expression match the age of its owner, Sigrum was surprised.

Having surprised Sigrum, the King proffered a deep nod, and,

Purge King: “Let’s have a nice partnership, Sigrum-san. The details will be discussed with the person in charge later on… This was the best and wisest choice for you.”

Sigrum: “Ah…”

Purge King: “Please continue to treat our association favorably from here after.”

His hand raised, while smiling the Purge King concluded the meeting.

At those words, Sigrum slowly lifted his body. His body had grown stiff from kneeling, and so his posture briefly faltered, but enduring it with difficulty he then let out a long breath.

Sigrum: “Thank you very much. From now on, this side will display favor towards you.”

Purge King: “Hmm.”

Somehow concealing the numbness of his tongue, his final words concluded the talk.

And so, with his task being fulfilled, Sigrum bowed to the assenting Purge King, and turned back.

Sigrum: “――――”

In his heart that was bouncing and shifting, a strong sense of relief and achievement was blowing like a storm.

His body that had felt heavily weighted down up until a few seconds ago, suddenly felt like it was floating. And with naturally lightened footsteps, the faces of his family members waiting for him to return home rose in his head one-by-one.

Having braved this violent wave, somehow his wish had been granted.

Sigrum: “――?”

It was at that time.

From behind him, a very faint sound was heard.

A sound familiar to the ear, the sound of a coin.

It was very similar to a single coin slipping from the hand, and hitting the floor.

Purge King: “Tails.”

One short word, a voice was heard saying.

What that was , Sigrum’s mind wondered, and faster than he could understand――

Sigrum: “――――”

The elder’s view tilted, becoming even with the floor.

Even more so than when he was kneeling, the carpet had suddenly grown closer―― And that was the last he felt.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Halibel: “――――”

Towards the fall of the man’s decapitated body, Halibel was gazing with narrowed eyes.

Brilliant handiwork.

The limbs of the old man’s corpse had not jerked, and the head, now fallen on the carpet, was still unaware of its demise. The corpse was like a corpse that had lost only its life and nothing more, and it was because of this that it could be called an artfully-created corpse.

But a corpse was naught but a corpse, and to judge it as splendid was not a hobby he indulged in himself.

Purge King: “Oh, ueh… Kh.”

Watching the sight of the bleeding corpse, the boy on the throne held his mouth firmly closed.

He had seen the moment of a person turning into a cadaver many times already, but as his temperament was sensitive, he showed no sign of getting used to it.

???: “Acting like that towards the dead, isn’t it insulting after giving these orders? I wouldn’t ask for you to become used to corpses, but maybe you should at least to aspire to avoid creating them, how about that?”

Purge King: “I’m not killing for enjoyment as well… I’m not. I’m unable to look straight at such a scene, but I’m present anyway. It’s the least I can do…”

???: “That’s being deceitful.”

His employer holding a handkerchief in front of his mouth, fighting off nausea, his colleague’s words held no absolution towards him.

Of course, there at the right side―― was Cecilus. That his employer did not show fury at this was evidence he knew his actions had the marks of deception.

While looking at the young boy whose face had grown as pale as the corpse’s, Cecilus, with an offhand “Anyhow”, continued to speak. His gaze was still directed at the corpse of that poor, fallen old man.

Cecilus: “I’m more so astonished at that contradiction of yours, boss [9] . The conversation ended so peacefully, to give a sudden order to kill is quite surprising even for you.”

While speaking as such, Cecilus with dissatisfaction puffed up his cheeks. It was not quite appropriate behavior for a man in his twenties, but considering the immaturity of his mind, it was an action that fit Cecilus greatly.

His human sort of beauty, and his regular behavior was what was allowing this conduct.

Anyway, to Cecilus’s point, the boy contorted his cheeks,

Purge King: “And I did tell you, I didn’t want to have him killed. Like I told him, I wanted to believe it. It didn’t look like he was lying or anything, either.”

Cecilus: “Then, why?”

Purge King: “Even if does not seem like they’re lying, liars are gonna lie, after all.”

The boy that knelt on the throne bit his lip as Cecilus gazed on at him with curiosity on his face.

On that horribly dry way of life, an unshakably strong will could be glimpsed.

Halibel and Cecilus both were unknowing of what had happened in his past.

However, in that person’s past, a situation must have happened to make him adopt this belief.

Something akin to, the experience of a person close to him who had hidden away suspicion and self-interest in their heart all while smiling, then spewing hatred and murderous intent with the very same fingers and lips that had been kind to him.

Such a past must have taught this boy.

Purge King: “First cut the buds, then break apart the branches. I’ll never be fooled twice.”

Tightly, the boy grabbed his own shoulder and pressed his own fingernails over the cloth, into his skin. Those nails ruthlessly clawed into it; that skin was being torn, that blood was oozing was certain.

That self-harm was, to him, a necessary ritual to maintain himself. The subordinates that had been with him for long knew of it, and so, nobody stopped it.

As if soon satisfied with the pain, the boy slowly rose from the throne,

Purge King: “The corpse, make it neat and bury it. And an envoy’s to be sent to their shop. Everything’s to be confiscated, but if they follow along, do not treat them poorly. If they refuse, then purge the family and burn the store. When the takeover ends, have the next one in charge greet you. With that, it’ll be decided whether to destroy them or not.”

With a calm tone, the boy ordered so those in the room could hear him.

Those were rough instruction that someone should follow, but not anyone in specific.

These requests that did not worry about the process, but rather only with the result, made the group successful. By focusing on the accomplishments of the association, not that of any one person, the perfect system of the organization could be maintained.

Everyone possessed reasons and weaknesses, which forced them to undertake them.

And so, rather than risking having everything being taken away from them if someone were to be opportunistic, everyone would do their best―― It was a sort of ideal workplace environment.

――As an example of that everything, it could be family, a lover, wealth, life, many other things.

That was the guideline of the boy presenting himself as the leader of the association. To hold onto those things as insurance, to keep things as a safety measure.

This was the cowardly boy’s, the Purge King’s, way of fighting.

???: “Boss, ya forgot yer coat.”

Purge King: “Ah, thank you.”

Standing behind the boy headed toward the doorway, Halibel gently draped a black coat over his shoulders.

Just slightly draping that on his shoulders, he also added a word of reminder―― Immediately after that Halibel’s whiskers grew numb with the detected faint killing intent. At its intensity, Halibel lowered his eyes.

The source of that intent, he did not have to check, it was the boy in eyeshot.

Probably, it was because he had stood behind him.

Purge King: “…Halibel-san, I do not want to kill you.”

Halibel: “Hahaha, then ya can just, not do it. Instead, just use me well.”

Purge King: “But wouldn’t it be the worst to destroy oneself by having too many tools… That’d be a pretty shitty way to die.”

Mumbling to himself, pondering on methods to kill the aide behind him, the boy put on his jacket.

Those grumbling words had been quickly brushed off, but the boy’s words were not a joke. He would, if it was possible, try to kill Halibel.

It was simply that, the effort it took to kill, the insufficiency of his preparation to kill, and the trouble brought about after the killing, it was merely that which had inclined him towards not killing, all these were factors as to why he was leaning towards not killing him.

Cecilus: “Boss, boss. These offerings that person brought, where should they be moved to?”

Purge King: “Offered goods… The contents, what were they?”

Cecilus: “Contents were… Ah, there’s a magic stone. From where did they learn of boss’s tastes? They’d come having paid that much regard, truly, I feel even more sorry for them.”

Purge King: “Lopping off his head was Cecilus-san’s idea so…”

At the room’s entrance, the boy, having been stopped, twisted his cheeks in annoyance. And at that breezy attitude of Cecilus, he sighed,

Purge King: “The magic stone, I’ll ask you to put it in my room. Other than that, do with them as you all prefer.”

Cecilus: “Yes, yes, definitely understood. And, boss.”

Purge King: “…What is it.”

The boy let out a moody voice. Cecilus brought a finger to his eye, tracing it,

Cecilus: “Those dark circles are quite severe. Maybe you should sleep softly next to the princess for a while?”

At Cecilus’s words, the boy’s tongue clicked.

Cecilus just laughed it off, but the other men around him froze with tension in their bodies. It was possible that, because of that irritation, Cecilus’s slaying could be ordered.

Of course, if push came to shove, killing Cecilus would be no trivial affair. Using every force available in the building, they would have to try to force a draw with Halibel in the mix as well.

Purge King: “――I’ll think about it.”

Fortunately, the boy did not hastily order this, but with just those words turned away.

With that, relief spread throughout the room, and the men watched the back of the departing leader. That waving Cecilus’s inability to read the mood, had been one of Halibel’s biggest concerns as of late.

Halibel: “Doin’ somethin’ as part of a group really ain’t one of mah strong points either…”

Shaking the kiseru held in his mouth up and down, Halibel gazed at that boy’s departing figure.

Firstly, as the most senior associate, guarding and similar duties were handled by Halibel. However, whether inside or outside the mansion, threats meaning to cause him harm were few.

The former because of fear, the latter because his existence was unknown to many.

Halibel: “――――”

Carefully, Halibel stared over that boy who evaluated everything with narrowed eyes.

In the building that served as the headquarters, the reception room was not the only section decorated with various works of arts and paintings. The flaunting of that violent financial power allowed for a posture of non-aggression.

The display of wealth, the display of power, served as a last resort, so that unneeded enemies would not be made.

Attaining victory without a fight, as the boy had said, would be the ideal.

Naturally, it went without saying that excessive wealth and power would be subject to the jealousy and envy of others. Ultimately, whatever one did, enemies would appear. The boy’s method was then to reduce the number of them, as simple as that.

And, if the quantity of foes were reduced, it would only be necessary to deal with the rest using force later.

Purge King: “Halibel-san… Please watch over Cecilus-san with care, to keep him from going out of control.”

Halibel: “Understood, leave it to me. Boss, are ya goin’ ta see the princess?”

Purge King: “Hmm.”

That he had accepted Cecilus’s suggestion perhaps annoying him, the boy replied with a grimace.

And then, those two pairs of legs reached the innermost section of their organization’s headquarters―― the deepest part of the building named Pandemonium, they had arrived in front of the door of a strictly-guarded room.

――On that door, there were so many keyholes and locks that a person seeing it for the first time might shudder.

The number of keyholes neared fifty, clearly showing the importance of what lay on the other side of this door, as well as the meticulous, tenacious, and obsessed nature of the person that had prepared it.

But, above all, what made the caretaker’s obsession most obvious was the fact that, the keys to fit in those keyholes and open the door, not one of them existed in this world.

In other words, this door could never have been opened by any normal method.

To open it, then――

Purge King: “――Puck.”

Puck: “I’m called, and so I appear, nyanyanyan.”

Receiving the boy’s call, with an exhausting voice and excessive flashes of light, a grey-furred kitten suddenly appeared in the air.

Outwardly presenting a silly attitude and cute appearance, but within holding vast power, that Great Spirit―― the existence known as Puck, floated down and landed on the boy’s shoulder.

Puck: “Yo, you’re here again after quite a while. Is Lia the reason you came?”

Purge King: “The door, open it.”

Puck: “Hmm, what’s with that tone. If you spoil the father’s mood he might not let you see his daughter, you know. If you could understand the feelings of a father with a daughter at such a ripe age just a bit better, it would make me happy…”

Purge King: “Puck.”

On top of his shoulder, Puck was stroking his whiskers. The boy called to him.

Seeing that boy’s face marked with deep dark circles, Puck sighed with a “My oh my”, and then,

Puck: “You endured it until you couldn’t anymore again, didn’t you. It can’t be helped. That effort of yours is commendable, so I’ll let it slide just this once.”

Saying that, with a satisfied air Puck gathered his short arms together and pointed towards the door. And, through the many keyholes devoid of any keys, a faint light poured forth.

Puck: “Click.”

Soon after, the faint lights turned into keys made of ice, and fitting inside the door, the sound of something opening echoed.

The method to open a door that would not open―― the secret was to create a key that did not exist.

Halibel: “It’s admirable how easily ya find blind spots. If there’s a keyhole, it’s kinda normal to find a key that fits it. But if someone tries to imitate this, then it’d become a problem.”

Puck: “There’s also the question of the magical wavelength. If someone other than me tried something similar, you both, and I as well, would be informed of it. And even then, I’m always there with Lia.”

Halibel: “That’s right.”

At Puck’s words, Halibel came to understand and agreed.

Without even paying attention to their exchange, the boy placed his hand on the unlocked door and paused. Behind him, with a face feigning innocence, stood Halibel. The boy gazed up at that face.

Purge King: “Halibel-san, you can go now.”

Halibel: “Is that so? But, I should greet the princess sometimes as well, don’t’cha think…?”

Purge King: “You can go now.”

Those words said without much thought, were flatly rejected.

Halibel certainly accepted that it was an absolute refusal. This was not something worth refusing to budge on, so Halibel chewed on his kiseru and backed off.

Halibel: “If anythin’ happens, feel welcome to summon me.”

Purge King: “――――”

That boy was giving him a warning look, his hand still on the door. And so, Halibel turned his back to him.

Until he turned the corner and could no longer be seen, that boy’s sight was piercing into his back.

His employer and benefactor was always vigilant and fearful, rather than cautious.

Halibel: “Ah, if I said it like that, he will definitely not call out for me then.”

With such listless mumbling, Halibel spewed purple smoke from his pipe while looking overhead.

Smoke hit the ceiling, and with nowhere to go, scattered.

――That it was, somehow, a hint of their future, was the thought that came to his mind.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

That boy’s sleeping face was so quiet, one could believe he’d died.

Purge King: “――――”

Having entrusted his head to her lap, sleeping as if on the brink of death, that boy was the target of Emilia’s gaze.

Around his brows, there were dark circles that looked as if painted on with soot. Caused by and revealing the boy’s serious level of sleep deprivation, and the harsh environment he was in.

Emilia: “It looks like he hasn’t been sleeping again.”

Puck: “It can’t be helped, in his position he’s got no room for relaxing, most likely. Except for when he comes to see Lia and act like a baby, every now and then.”

She stroked his forehead, and organized his lashes with her fingertips. Watching that sleeping face made free by Emilia, the floating Puck wrapped his long tail around his stomach and sighed. Just like that he spun around her and examined Emilia’s personal quarters.

It was a white room.

White walls, white floors. A white ceiling, a white bed, white furniture and white curtains, everything in the room was united with whiteness.

Amidst that, Emilia was draped in thin sleepwear that was likewise white, so it was almost pathological.

This room, was the extent of freedom granted to Emilia―― A bird cage, which she was confined to.

Emilia herself still wondered whether it was appropriate to utilize expressions such as “confined”.

Puck: “Lia, are you still angry at this child?”

Emilia: “…I wonder about that.”

Emilia hesitated in answering to Puck’s question.

It was not that it was difficult to put in words. She was just not sure about her own feelings.

Well, she had definitely been angry at first, but even now they had not yet made up.

To apologize to each other, they did not even have time for that. Without solving that problem, time had simply passed, and daily life had merely continued on.

Emilia: “But, I’m upset with you, Puck. While keeping it a secret from me, you made the plan for leaving all by yourself.”

Puck: “Sorry. But it couldn’t be helped. There was no way I’d entrust you to a Roswaal in that state, right? Dragging someone into a dangerous situation and place, only to then skedaddle out of there’s pretty irresponsible of him. That said, if it’s for Lia’s safety, here’s easily the stand-out option.”

Emilia: “――――”

Puck: “Avoiding harm to Lia, that boy and I were of the same mind.”

So Puck had assented with the secret offer to take Emilia out of Roswaal’s mansion, and had not hesitated with the withdrawal of the Royal Selection and in cooperating with the association.

And with only Emilia unaware of anything, when she finally realized, she had found herself in this white room, a bird caught in a cage――

But that she had no right to criticize Puck’s judgement, Emilia also understood.

Emilia: “Because, in the end, I couldn’t do anything…”

The Royal Selection, to determine the next Monarch of the Kingdom of Lugunica―― in that battle, Emilia had clearly suffered a tragic defeat, contented with a loss by default.

The biggest cause for that was that she had refused to attend the Royal Candidate Meeting. As a result, her participation in the Royal Selection had not been recognized. That meant that Emilia’s sponsor, Roswaal L. Mathers, and her both had fallen in status; that was the meaning of the latter’s unhinged state.

In short, Emilia had not even displayed a will to participate in the Royal Selection, and so her sponsor Roswaal lost his qualifications. The Emilia Camp collapsed before its first task.

And so, Emilia had the ladder pulled from under her, and so been defeated without being able to do anything.

Emilia: “…My wish…”

It was to create a world without discrimination.

Creating a place where the births of half-elves and others would not serve as a definite evaluation of one’s future life, that was clumsy Emilia’s wish.

However, without even being given the chance to be spoken aloud, that wish had disappeared like a dream’s fantasy.

Beyond that wish too, the freeing of Emilia’s hometown―― the task of rescuing the residents of Elior Forest, still in ice-encased slumber, that too she been unable to do.

Puck: “It’d be better to return to the forest rather that living in a defenseless house like that, but Lia was in a situation where even that was impossible. As you can imagine, when the first envoy arrived I was definitely surprised.”

Emilia: “…Reaaally surprised. Because…”

The boy she had come to meet here, Emilia had believed to be dead.

――Her fate of not partaking in the Royal Selection had been determined by the death of the mansion’s maid.

Rem, that was the girl who had become the first victim of the ruckus caused by the Witchbeasts. The boy, an outsider who had briefly been working at the mansion, had been a suspect in her death.

The boy could not endure that suspicious, and so had run away. Chasing him, that Rem’s older sister, Ram, had also left the mansion―― only never to return.

The collapse, probably started from there.

The cause of Rem’s death was discovered to be the curse of the Witchbeasts afterwards, once the damage spread to the nearby village. The two disasters had overlapped, this state unrecoverable.

As a result of the chaos caused by the Witchbeasts, Roswaal had lost his position, without even seizing an opportunity to recover. Emilia had failed to announce her participation in the Royal Selection, and had met defeat without being defeated; a humiliation for her. The mansion was steadily declining towards the worse, heading towards undesired collapse.

It was then.

Swept away by the helplessness of being unable to change anything, Emilia was spending her days listlessly. But one day, that boy, who was supposed to have disappeared, had come to get her.

Emilia: “――――”

Puck had quickly responded to that. But Emilia was feeling angry at that boy.

Without caring about her feelings, without any explanation, not when first disappearing, not even when he returned, without saying anything, he was suddenly taking her away.

He might even have been the catalyst for the start of the collapse of the world surrounding Emilia. Despite that―――

Emilia: “Like that…”

Reunited with Emilia, the boy with a frail face exhausted from fear, even worse than the one he possessed now, had latched on, cried, and begged her for help.

And at that boy bawling like a child, Emilia had forgotten to be angry.

Maybe she was naïve. Maybe she was easy.

And, even then, Emilia did not think herself worthy of scolding him, that boy who seemed like a child, who had eventually exposed his sleeping, baby-like face.

So, the boy would visit Emilia, to find himself salvation.

He would come looking for her, without saying a single word about what he was doing outside her room’s door, just sobbing sadly and talking about his own feelings, entrusting his life to Emilia’s knees.

Whether she was receiving strong trust, or being looked down upon and being humiliated, that depended on what Emilia thought. And Emilia was not able to give any answer to that.

Emilia: “Obviously, this reaaally isn’t healthy…”

That this was not a normal state to be in, even the immature Emilia realized that.

However, Emilia, while accepting that clinging boy’s tears, looking on the form of the boy letting himself rest for nary a moment, in her own inner thoughts she was unsure.

Emilia: “――――”

Speaking of the intervals in which the boy sought Emilia, it was about once every ten days.

Other than that, he was desperately struggling, even cutting back on sleep-time.

Really, they did not exchange many words.

But in this way, the boy would secretly came searching for her, for Emilia, once every ten days.

Emilia: “…Subaru’s such a twit.”

―――That perhaps she longed for those visits, Emilia had grown aware of that.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

―――If a tossed gold coin landed on tails, with just that, anyone would be slain.

At that abnormal method of her master, Frederica could not hide her disgust.

Cleaning a headless corpse that had fallen in the reception hall, Frederica then replaced the sullied carpet, next preparing meals for the mercenaries in Pandemonium.

Frederica: “The fates of others, quite literally left to luck… Do you feel like you have become a god?”

Lifting the whole body of a corpse, Frederica, knowing all too well the reason for her helplessness, clicked her sharp fangs against one another, containing her feelings inside herself while trembling with anger.

Frederica Baumann was employed and working there in the organization because the Purge King, its leader, had a princess―― Emilia, who had vehemently begged on her behalf.

That day, as the mansion filled with chilled air and frost, she had been convinced she was going to lose her life to that traitorous Great Spirit. Yet, for some reason, she had woken up here.

Since then, having been fitted with a collar around her neck, she was being used as a maid, to serve that detestable person.

Why in the world, how inept had her work been so that she was now subjected with this kind of absurd job?

Frederica: “――Master, pardon me, please.”

Her owner’s own meals, it was the rule that Frederica would carry it to his room directly.

He did not entrust this task to anyone else other than Frederica, and would not allow in his mouth food cooked by any other than her. That this was some honorable thing, she had no feeling like that whatsoever.

Firstly, it was not because of taste or trust that Frederica had been entrusted with the task. Merely that Frederica would not try stupid things, was the sort of conviction he held.

???: “Come.”

With the sound of many locks coming undone, a rude order allowed Frederica’s entry into the room.

Following those orders, with the food cart in tow, Frederica stepped foot into the room of her master.

Her master’s room, unlike the luxurious decor and interior of the building, was big, but quite simple and dull, a room lacking in humanity.

The room’s four corners held many books that were not distinguished by subject. Messily piled up books were stacked everywhere, and it was a place the orderly Frederica could not bear. But, that person deeply hated having his room cleaned.

Perhaps he was being wary of something being installed in the room.

Knowing that was impossible, but still being on the lookout for it, was not being cautious but rather cowardly―― definitely, it was contemptible behavior.

Frederica: “Master, should I do the usual with these fallen documents?”

Subaru: “…Hmm. Yeah, please do. You can show them to someone who looks like they understand them.”

With those words, few documents littering the floor of the room, written down in messy handwriting, were waved away by her uninterested master.

At first glance, they simply seemed to be discarded, messed-up drafts, but they in fact were the source of the organization’s wealth―― The many mysterious creations brought about by the Purge King.

Subaru: “It might not be very helpful… Engines or things like that, I don’t get the mechanism at all. As expected, different kinds of food are the easiest to figure out…”

Mumbling complaints, looking somewhere other than here was her master.

He would speak of knowledge and culture that no one had ever seen, discovered or noticed, be it leads or the ultimate results.

By meeting lots of people, that black-haired boy had repeatedly made great decisions―― like he had been marked by fate, he had many unique ideas, and as a pioneer of culture had been granted cleverness.

With those many pieces of knowledge he spoke of, the experts of fields of study that had been in slumber had been lit with a new flame.

Those experts would examine and discuss that boy’s joking words, which represented possibilities incomprehensible to ordinary people, with seriousness, and ultimately established them into theories.

And so, with that producing enormous profits, the boy who possessed nothing had been nurtured into a great villain.

Subaru: “At this point, calling it an unparalleled kata [10] made of future knowledge isn’t even funny.”

Frederica remembered that her master had mumbled such strange words in reply to having his achievements praised, in the past. She also recalled that he had not been smiling at all when speaking those words.

And so, on one hand causing many people to suffer, on the other giving rise to much happiness, her dark-haired master was quite dishonest.

Even as a problematic existence that humanity should remedy, in his brain there was definite value.

This unreachable being, was definitely one-of-a-kind in this world in regards to being difficult to handle, there was no doubt―― maybe in that sense, he might have had something in common with Roswaal.

Frederica: “――――”

Subaru: “Frederica, the food. First, have a bite.”

Even while preoccupied in her thoughts, Frederica was steadily readying the meal to be served.

This boy was only skin and bones, skeletal in appearance. It was not that his portions were lacking, the issue was largely mental.

Having given and taken many wounds, while living comfortably he was comparably quite skinny in appearance. As the manager of his meals, it did not make her feel great, but he probably was not vomiting because he wanted to.

Frederica: “Master, with this.”

Why had meals been prepared for two?

All menus were for two, placed on large plates, and set on the table. And from every plate’s meal Frederica ate a single bite, as to check for the presence of poison was one of her roles.

She had never thought about poisoning him. But that she wanted to, that she did.

It was just that, for Frederica, the work of a maid had taken up much of her life, and it was precious to her. With the people that had taught her, and those involved with her, in her mind, she did not want to commit acts of violence.

Frederica: “Then, I will be outside, if there is anything please call for me.”

Subaru: “Hmm.”

During meals, her master did not enjoy being seen.

Because of that, having finished with readying the meal, Frederica felt it was time to leave and was withdrawing from the room.

On this day as well, she intended to leave the room and wait outside―― when suddenly, something caught her eye.

Spread out over the desk was a written list, holding the names of the organization’s members.

Placed next to that list, a gold coin could be seen.

At that moment, having realized the meaning of that, Frederica could not hide the fear running down her back.

Frederica: “Master――”

Subaru: “Frederica.”

With her turning around, void black eyes were gazing at Frederica, who had called for her master.

Frederica’s breath was robbed by that abyss. In front of her, her master slowly approached the desk and covered that unfolded list.

And then, flipping the gold coin just next to it with a thumb,

Subaru: “――Heads.”

With a carefree noise, that tossed coin fell into the boy’s left hand. Catching it, and having checked the side facing up, that boy smiled at Frederica.

Subaru: “It was heads, Frederica―― Your brother and grandmother are safe.”

Frederica: “――Ah.”

Subaru: “Get out. And don’t come back until I say you may enter.”

At her master’s words, Frederica nodded like a doll without speaking.

And so, unable to hide the tears in her eyes welling up, she left the room as her cheeks were moistened by hot tears. Soon after, Frederica began to run while covering her face.

Frederica: “Uh, uhhh… Waaaaah!”

She could not tell, not anyone, not anything. Sharing would not be forgiven.

Why had it become like this?

Why had this happened to her?

Those far-away days at the mansion, with those not-cute-at-all juniors, that cute junior, that hopeless master―― Where had those times gone?

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Having received word from a secret messenger, Cecilus closed one eye and looked up at the moon.

Cecilus: “Hmm, hmmhmm, hmmhmmhmmmm~.”

Twisting his neck and bending at the waist, low enough that the tips of his long hair could brush the ground, he tilted his form.

By nature, thinking had never been his best attribute. Cecilus had not received formal education, and had lived with no intention of learning things in the first place. In years, his life numbered around twenty, but he had spent it all on one thing only.

Many years he had spent only on swinging a sword, his swordsmanship a point of pride.

Since it was a life of only that, in his heart of hearts he wished to avoid difficult matters.

Cecilus: “Well now, how should this be done. As for me…”

Straightening his bent body, Cecilus shook the dust from his hair that had been touching the floor. And placing a hand on the sword at his waist, then turning back with a dance-like move,

Cecilus: “Hey, Halibel-san. What do you think?”

Halibel: “―――What, it’s disgraceful that you’ve found me while I was keepin’ quiet, and ya were bein’ so unashamed.”

On the castle’s―― on Pandemonium’s balcony, underneath the light of the moon with the sky overhead, from the shadows the beastman shinobi appeared.

Having been detected, Halibel scratched his head, and approached Cecilus, the latter’s face undaunted.

Retrieving the kiseru from his pocket and inserting it in his mouth, he lighted its tip. Inhaled, and puffed out purple haze.

Halibel: “Just now, who was that messenger sneakin’ about?”

Cecilus: “That? ――Let’s just say, that was one of the Nine Divine Generals, but… Well, if it’s Halibel-san, the top shinobi in the world, it’s no wonder they were found.”

Halibel: “Ce-san, y’ain’t suited for secret stuff at all. Haven’t’cha revealed that ya never broke off ties with the Vollachian Empire just now?”

Cecilus: “But, Halibel-san, weren’t you already aware of that?”

Halibel: “――――”

Halibel, already with an awkward grin, at Cecilus’s comment smiled even deeper.

That this was not a negative sign, Cecilus was frankly aware of it.

Cecilus: “Originally, working with the boss was as per His Excellency’s order. Of course, that I fell for the boss’s invitation and came to this side isn’t a lie.”

Halibel: “With the Empire’s collar ‘round yer neck… Well, Su-san’s movements, if used well, it’d be easy to turn them into a profit to yer country. That knowledge from somewhere unknown’d be more readily accepted in Kararagi and Vollachia rather than Lugunica and Gusteko.”

Cecilus: “It would, yes.”

Drawing his hand into his kimono sleeves, Cecilus acknowledged that he was a spy.

Cecilus’s reason for cooperating with the organization’s activities, as he had stated, was to follow the orders of Vollachia’s Emperor. However, the Emperor, knowing Cecilus’s temperament, had not given specific instructions. Not that he could have remembered them even if he did.

Cecilus’s role, as commanded, was to――

Cecilus: “All I gotta do is kill who the boss orders be killed, aside from His Excellency. So, it’s just the usual.”

Halibel: “Ce-san, aren’t’cha even more of an assassin than I, a shinobi, am?”

Cecilus: “No, no, definitely not true, I mean, stuff like lurking in the water, or hiding poison on my person, or rising from the shadows is impossible for me.”

Shaking his head and hands, Cecilus humbly responded by acknowledging the difference between their respective areas.

As a shinobi, as an assassin, he was far behind Halibel. But, if fighting head-on, Halibel was no match for Cecilus.

Cecilus: “Well then, having just caught me at the scene of me meeting with a secret messenger, what are you thinking of doing? Are you planning on fighting me with your life on the line here?”

Halibel: “That depends on the nature of the message.”

Cecilus: “Hmm, you mean its contents.”

Halibel: “If its contents’d mean Su-san’s death, I guess I gotta fight to stop that.”

Holding his kiseru between his fingers, letting out a puff of violet smoke, Halibel’s fur fluttered in the cold night breeze.

Hearing he was ready to fight to the death for his master, Cecilus, with an “I see”, nodded his head.

Cecilus: “I’ve been wondering for a long time now. Why’s Halibel-san acting for the boss? It’s not out of sincerely loyalty to His Excellency like me.”

Halibel: “To repay a grace I received.”

Cecilus: “――What can it be, the sort of favor that Halibel-san received?”

Those unexpected words had come rushing out, and, having listened to them, Cecilus asked with sincere surprise. Depending on the person, this would be brazen enough to be considered rude, but Halibel did not say anything in particular.

Instead, Halibel gazed up at the moon hanging in the night sky――

Halibel: “’Round the time I first met Su-san, there was a bit of an incident in a corner of Kararagi. That, well, it was an incident that involved the Four Great Spirits… Su-san dealt with it.”

Cecilus: “Huuuh, the Four Great Spirits! I know one of them, but they can’t really be talked with, you know. Can’t believe they were calmed down… Huh, perhaps the boss’s stronger than I thought…”

Halibel: “Nah, nah. It wasn’t an aggressive situation like that. What did… Well, I dunno what was the deciding factor, for sure. But you know how Su-san’s got some weird predications at times? It was prolly that.”

Returning his blade to its sheath, Cecilus with one eye closed listened to Halibel’s explanation.

The reason that felt both convincing and doubtful was because Cecilus appraised that boy, his boss, similarly, in certain aspects.

Halibel had called them weird predictions, but Cecilus did not look at it like that.

To prepare for anything was the weapon of a coward, he thought. And, Cecilus thought it desirable to respect the strong.

That meant that, no matter the method of fighting, one who would greedily use anything to win would be acknowledged as a warrior by him.

Cecilus: “Well, as a strong one among swordsmen, if possible, sticking with a sword fits me the best.”

Halibel: “Ce-san, Ce-san, are ya done with my talk?”

Cecilus: “Yes, that is enough. Anyway, it wasn’t that I thought of suspecting Halibel-san or anything like that. Unlike the Empire, the City-States is more like a mish-mash of heads… If you told me you were working for someone else, I’d trust you a lot more.”

With that declaration, Halibel seemed worn out and disappointed. At that, Cecilus tilted his head, and with an “Ah”, as if he had remembered something, clapped his hands together.

Cecilus: “Right, right, I was forgetting. The secret messenger I got in touch with a while ago.”

Halibel: “It’s okay to tell me?”

Cecilus: “If I don’t tell you, I think that’d cause a lot of difficulties. To be completely honest…”

Then, Cecilus informed Halibel, a large smile on his face,

Cecilus: “――As the Former Margrave’s murder has surfaced, the Kingdom is coming to destroy the organization in earnest.”

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――And so, nonchalantly, the moment of the end would arrive.

???: “Many thanks for granting me an audience with you today.”

Saying this, welcomed as a guest to the reception area, this youth confronted the Purge King with a dignified attitude.

Subaru: “――――”

This boy had slain many, erased many lives, grasped many weaknesses.

There had been many situations in which people, to maintain calm, had bluffed by presenting a brave front.

Subaru: “――Somehow, your confidence is remarkable, you do not seem much different from me.”

Young Man: “――Thank you for those sudden words of praise.”

The one who’s head dipped in a bow, was a delicately-built young man, fitted with a black suit and tie.

There was a mild look on his face, but in his eyes, somehow, a dim darkness could be seen. That smile he was making was likely fake. He was definitely aware that it would be seen through.

Not reckless, but full of courage―― was the mixed impression of this young man.

Subaru: “Let me see, you must be…”

Young Man: “To be frank, not far off from now, we intend to do much large-scale business here. Because of that, we had been looking for a chance to send our regards to the organization, and present gifts, first of all.”

Subaru: “I see, that’s, well, thanks for your consideration.”

That posture of advancing according to his role without flinching left a good impression.

Emulating that attitude, the boy changed, to intently perform his own role as well.

Young Man: “These are the offerings from our side―― We have heard that the leader desired this.”

Subaru: “Huh.”

Having been brought in and the lid of its box opened by a servant, the young man presented the eye-catching offering.

Inside, were a lot of stones―― Magic Stones. As if affirming its utmost purity, the concentration of Mana filling the room heightened.

Staring at the offering, the Purge King muttered.

Subaru: “What color is there the most of?”

Young Man: “――?”

???: “Red and blue shades seem to be most prominent, but if you look further inside, there’s also yellow and green… Get the feeling the whole set’s there. Oh, how thoughtful.”

At that question with unknown meaning, the young man showed hesitation for the first time.

Instead of the youthful man, it was Cecilus who had replied, standing next to the King. After receiving that report from Cecilus, the King nodded solemnly.

Subaru: “Is that so, then my thanks for that. I’ll be receiving your consideration. Uhhh…”

Young Man: “This comes from Russell Fellow.”

Subaru: “Hmm, I see. Russell Fellow, is it. If any problem comes up…”

Then, the Purge King cut off his words.

The reason was that youthful messenger, who, to stop him from speaking, had opened a hand.

In that instant, a faint murmur spread in the room. With his words having been interrupted, what response would the Purge King give to that action; the guards were getting excited.

However, in such a situation, only Halibel, Cecilus and the young man involved had remained calm,

Young Man: “Please wait. In truth, the offerings, just this is not their entirety.”

Subaru: “――Huh. Then I’m even more impressed.”

After listening to that man’s words, the King responded as such, and the tension relaxed slightly.

There, in that atmosphere with lessened pressure, that young man gave a deep nod. And so――

Young Man: “――From the Kingdom of Lugunica, this could be called the response to the Purge King’s atrocities.”

――Immediately, an onslaught of white light swallowed up the whole meeting room, shattering it.

An incredible torrent of light engulfed the luxurious reception room of the Magic Castle Pandemonium; as if purifying it, it was transformed into white dust.

Those who had perished due to that white light, without even knowing what had hit them, numbered eighteen―― each were warriors of great skill, each had their names known throughout, but this was no longer in their realm.

Even if, to those vanquished men, the truth of what had happened could somehow be told, there were none among them who would have believed it.

――The blow which had vaporized them all, had been brought about with a single slash.

The organization’s headquarters was collapsing.

The place where important things had been gathered, had been blown away by that reigning brilliant existence.

The Purge King had been finally acknowledged as an enemy of the world, having committed a multitude of evil deeds.

The assassin sent by the Dragon Kingdom to subjugate that existence, was none other than――

???: “From the lineage of Sword Saints, Reinhard van Astrea.”

The one who rendered all efforts ineffective, the absurd iron hammer of the divine, had manifested.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

In that destroyed parlor, a man was standing, serene.

Fiery crimson hair, blue eyes that mimicked the very sky, a white Knight’s uniform left not a single speck of dust, the Knight Amongst Knights stood there, like something out of a painting.

Held in that Knight’s hand, a Holy Sword shattered into innumerable pieces.

With just one swing, a weapon crafted by a master swordsmith who’d left his name upon the world had turned to dust like it was nothing. In compensation, the man who had stacked acts of barbarity upon acts of barbarity and his gang both would be caught in a single blow――

???: “――You’re not a cute opponent at all, you know that, right?

Reinhard: “――――”

Like a clap of thunder breaking through the smoke, a terrific sword strike closed in on Reinhard.

And so, with an impact like thunder indeed ringing out, the body of the one labelled the Sword Saint was thrown back. However, his body had not been slashed―― The scabbard of his beloved sword had been used to blocked it.

Not with hands, but by twisting his body to receive the slashing strike with the sheath, with movement akin to acrobatics, the young man, Reinhard, then fired a strike of his own―― At that Cecilus, let out a whistle.

Cecilus: “Oh, I see you’re still completely beyond the realm of humans… That makes me so happy, Reinhard-san!”

Reinhard: “I believe I am not feeling very pleased about our reunion, Cecilus-dono.”

Carrying the Fiend Sword Murasame on his shoulder, Cecilus kicked some dust on the floor with his zori . Having been greeted with that single blow in lieu of a proper one, Reinhard furrowed his brow.

Then, squinting towards the back of the room, the smoke there clearing up,

Reinhard: “…It did not reach, huh.”

Cecilus: “Ohh, that didn’t reach the boss, did it? Well, it was a blow in a place where Halibel-san and I are guarding, that’s a hard place to get to. But, to be honest, I didn’t particularly move while thinking of protecting the boss, so Halibel-san gets one-hundred-percent of the credit there.”

Saying that, in the inner room, where Cecilus was innocently pointing at with his chin―― On the throne shrouded in smoke was the Purge King resting his chin in his hands, and protecting him with his back, was Halibel’s figure.

That Halibel, puffing purple smoke from the kiseru held in his mouth―――

Halibel: “Ce-san, a correction. This ain’t my achievement.”

Cecilus: “Well then, it was my hidden power…”

Halibel: “Even that ain’t it. It was, Su-san’s work… This throne’s definitely bein’ protected by some sort of tremendous power. Though, we ain’t ever heard of it.”

At that Cecilus gazing down at his hand while trembling, Halibel shook his head.

Then, behind Halibel, the Purge King who had been seated on the throne until now, rose. And, grabbing the orange scarf he wore around his neck,

Subaru: “――I saw your strike before at the Loot House. To prepare for that’s only natural.”

Distorting his cheeks, he gave a very grim smile.

This was none other than, the Purge King’s―― No, Natsuki Subaru’s reunion with Reinhard.

Reinhard: “Subaru…!”

Subaru: “You’ve really drawn a poor lot, Reinhard. Had you not helped me back at the Loot House, it would’ve have become the mess it is now―― But in that case, you wouldn’t ever been able to meet your precious master, guess it didn’t turn out so bad for you, did it?”

Reinhard: “――Kh.”

Peeping out from Halibel’s side, Subaru stuck his tongue out at Reinhard.

At that wicked form, Reinhard’s cheeks stiffened as if in pain. Swaying sadly, those blue eyes gazed ahead at Subaru, his face wicked and hateful.

But suddenly, that expression disappeared.

Subaru: “――What the hell. After all, you’re black and white as well?

Reinhard: “――? Black and white? That is…”

Subaru: “Shut up, you lying bastard―― Then, there’s no way I’ll let myself die to you.”

With emotionless words, Subaru turned away his eyes, having lost interest in Reinhard. And like that, whacking Halibel on the shoulder, then staring at Cecilus as he faced Reinhard,

Subaru: “Cecilus, do what you want, I’ve already lost interest.”

Cecilus: “――I don’t understand much about that, it seems the boss and I see things differently. My thanks for the worthy opponent, do accept those.”

Subaru: “We’re seeing things differently… Haha, that makes sense. Even at the end, you make me laugh.”

As if something about Cecilus’s words was funny, Subaru slapped his knee with amusement.

Then, his smile disappearing immediately,

Subaru: “It was enjoyable in its own way. Cecilus, since you had no weaknesses, you weren’t my favorite.”

Cecilus: “For me, it’d be just that―― Mayonnaise is scary.”

Subaru: “Ha~!”

At that cheeky assertion of Cecilus, Subaru laughed as if he was pleased.

Subaru’s appearance, held in Halibel’s arms, sank into a shadow. And like that, Subaru and Halibel　had departed from this difficult predicament.

Reinhard: “Wait! Our talk is yet to be…”

Cecilus: “―――That’s the end of it, Sword Saint. If you don’t want it to stop there, then please catch up and start over. But before then, this faithful subordinate of the Purge King’s gonna be blocking your way.”

Reinhard: “Kuh… Kh.”

Trying to chase after the disappeared Subaru and Halibel, Reinhard felt something brushing underneath his feet.

Sundering the floor in a straight line, that blow, without a moment of the blade being drawn visible, was an extraordinary flash made viable by overwhelming swinging speed. No more than a sword that had reached the pinnacle of the sword.

Cecilus: “Regrettably, it’s too early to be evaluated in such a manner. I’m still in the middle of climbing that mountain. If I can overcome one more step, I think I can reach it.”

Reinhard: “Reach, where?”

Cecilus: “Of course, the Heavenly Sword.”

At that moment, a sound like the air freezing, like it was being cut and slain, could be heard.

A swordfighter who had truly reached the pinnacle of the sword―― no, it was the transparent fighting spirit emitted by the swordsman, which reached a level monstruous enough that it would bring about unfathomable situations contrary to common sense.

That incarnation of the sword standing there; just by touching that blade, even invisible things would perish.

Cecilus: “I was waiting for this opportunity―― A chance to cross swords with you.”

Reinhard: “…Cecilus-dono, I have already fought with you before. That match was, to me, of great significance. Why is it you…”

Cecilus: “Of course, if my body can wield a sword―― we may only meet in a life-or-death match.”

The second sword, the Fiend Sword Murasame, was unsheathed with gleaming light.

The first sword, the Dream Sword Masayume, desired to cut, the beauty within it reveals.

Of the ten Enchanted Swords, Distinguished Swords, and Holy Swords existing in the world, those amounted to two―― Not to mention,

Cecilus: “――The Dragon Sword Reid.”

Always besides the Sword Saint, but only ever drawn against opponents suitable for the Sword Saint, that sword shining white exposed its blade to the air.

That the sound of the sword being drawn was being heard, was undoubtedly because the Dragon Sword was ululating.

Cecilus: “You must already know, Reinhard-san. In front of us lies a wall.”

With each holding their Holy Sword, their Enchanted Sword, their Dragon Sword, these extraordinary existences faced one another.

Shuffling their feet as to narrow the distance between the two, the world viewed their clash with horror, the atmosphere distorted.

Cecilus: “For those who arrive at a certain realm, the way in front’s gonna be blocked by a wall. That wall, which can’t be surpassed no matter what, some’ll never overcome it and give up. Something like that, it’s impossible for me. For if I don’t cross that wall, I won’t be able to be me.”

Reinhard: “――――”

Cecilus: “That’s when the boss’s offer arrived. He offered me a way to get past the wall… Well, it ended up being a way to cross swords with you with lives on the line, setting up a serious fight for one’s life―― Well, just as he said it, it was to clutch at straws, that sorta thing.”

Reinhard: “Straws…?”

Cecilus: “Those who are about to drown do, or so I’ve heard.”

That was the solution that had brought Cecilus Segmunt to this place.

Or perhaps, with his desire as a swordsman being guessed correctly, this had been made inevitable?

At that wide-eyed Sword Saint, Cecilus curved his lips.

And, laughed. The Blue Lightning, who with a laughing face would cut down others, spoke,

Cecilus: “I’m drowning, Mister Reinhard van Astrea. Saying it like my employer would; apparently, we, those who deeply desire something, everyone of us, everyone’s drowning. We’re all drowning in an ocyan [11] , or whatever it’s called, which we haven’t even seen before.”

Reinhard: “――――”

Swallowed his breath, Reinhard did.

With that, lowering his body, wielding both his swords by their hilt, Cecilus took off his zori .

Cecilus: “――Swordsman, Cecilus Segmunt.”

Not of the Vollachian Empire, not as a General, not as the Blue Lighting―― those other titles were unnecessary.

This body, as merely one swordsman, coveted the path towards the Heavenly Sword.

――Lightning, claps of thunder, tore through Pandemonium.

Droplets of blood, danced.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Continuously, Pandemonium quaked.

The aftershocks from the fight, felt as vigorous shocks and tremors, even echoed through Emilia’s private quarters.

The light hanging from the ceiling was violently swaying, dust was falling. While lying in bed, Emilia was being forced to make a choice.

Emilia: “――――”

To stay there, that was what had been said to her.

Or perhaps, it had been more of a plea, such as “Please stay”.

Should she believe that and wait, or should she ignore it and rush out?

Her inner thoughts about her situation lost in revolution, she continued to postpone a decision. However――

???: “――Lia, the end has come.”

Emilia: “Eh…”

While that fierce battle’s shaking continued, at the Emilia lying in bed Puck spoke. Her amethyst eyes trembling as they gazed upwards, Puck gave a sniff with his tiny nose, his short arms crossed.

Hearing that it was the end, Emilia gulped.

Yet again, she had been unable to do anything.

Putting off making a choice, then accepting the consequences of not make said choice.

That it was cowardly act she somewhat understood, she, once again――

Had deferred her stance onto Subaru―――

Puck: “――Reinhard’s here. It’s Subaru’s defeat.

Emilia: “――――”

With that continuation of Puck’s words, Emilia’s thoughts froze.

Emilia: “Ahh.”

Unable to speak but making sounds, unable to form thoughts, Emilia opened her eyes wide.

Even hearing that it was the end, Emilia had been certain of Subaru’s victory. That she never for a moment doubted it, Emilia had only realized at this moment.

Natsuki Subaru would not be defeated.

No matter what the opponent, with his selfish excuses and tenacity and abuse of misanthropy, he would always grasp victory. With all under his control, manipulating all subordinates he could think of, no matter the opponent, they would be annihilated.

And, when tired of thinking, and needing a moment of peace, he would come to find Emilia.

Definitely, Subaru was going to come to her room, Emilia had been believing that.

Puck: “Until today, I’ve never rushed Lia’s choices, but that can’t be done this time. You have to make a decision.”

Emilia: “To make, a decision…”

Puck: “Do you prefer staying here, or leaving here?”

To what extent did he know, for in that plain Puck’s voice was conviction.

Puck gazed down at Emilia tightly grasping up her sheets. His usual aloof expression was completely gone, and the compassion for his beloved child was strong instead.

At a dear child that had lost her way and was anxious about the road ahead, a parent’s eyes were directed.

Puck: “It looks like, all this time, Subaru had been controlling information properly. There isn’t any sign of Lia being involved in the organization’s activities. Well, Lia really wasn’t involved at all, but having been with them for so long, some people with suspicions will show up for sure. This was a necessary precaution.”

Emilia: “Wasn’t involved at all? Then, what kind of position was I in?”

Puck: “From Roswaal’s mansion you were kidnapped, and locked away. That’s how they’re treating you. Then those children attempting to destroy Pandemonium right now, seem more like rescuers who came for you.”

At this unexpected explanation, Emilia was stunned.

That Emilia had been brought out of Roswaal’s mansion against her will was true. And that she had been angered by it, and had disliked Subaru for it, was also truth.

However, she had not refused that clinging, pleading Subaru. It was likewise correct that she had overlooked the fact he had been doing his utmost to protect the time he had spent with Emilia.

And yet despite that, could it really be said that was Emilia wholly unrelated to how things were?

Wouldn’t arguing that just be the peak of shamelessness?

Puck: “Lia, if you just wait here nicely, as a poor princess, your rescuers will aid you, but…”

While speaking as if they were whispering, Puck landed on Emilia’s thin shoulder. And then, with that cat Spirit nearing her cheek, Emilia painfully comprehended the unspoken continuation of his words.

If she waited here, she would be rescued as a victim.

However, if Emilia left by herself, then she would be a perpetrator that had been acting of her own free will.

Faced with that fact, there was not even a moment of hesitation.

Emilia: “――――”

Rising, Emilia put her hand on that white room’s only door.

To open it from the outside, a complicated authentication procedure was needed for identification, so Subaru, and her caretaker, Frederica, were the only people allowed to enter or leave.

The moment Emilia’s hand touched the door from the inside, however, the system crumbled, leaving no trace behind.

Emilia: “Subaru, you twit…”

Seeking signs of the destroyed technique with the palm of her hand, Emilia murmured in a weak voice.

It had been originally created so it would be broken by Emilia and Emilia alone. In other words, Subaru had made it so Emilia could escape whenever she wished to.

That bird cage’s door had been designed to be destroyed by the determination of the bird caged inside all along.

Was it perhaps because Subaru had trusted that Emilia would never escape?

Or maybe, was it Subaru’s own kindness, in that he wished to respect Emilia’s desire to run away?

That answer, she desired to hear it straight from Subaru’s mouth, she thought.

――At the end of a time during which she had not been capable of choosing anything, that was the answer Emilia had settled upon.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Having been removed from the reception room, running through the castle along with Halibel, the Purge King, the youth, his boss, his master, he―― Natsuki Subaru gave a deep chuckle.

Subaru: “Something like taking Felt as a hostage, I wonder if that might’ve been a good idea…”

If so, would it have restrained Reinhard’s movements?

――No, rather than that, gaining Reinhard’s wrath, and having to fight the Sword Saint powered up with emotion seemed more likely.

This’d be the flow of the simulation till its very end.

In complete honesty, he’d had a premonition that the moment of Pandemonium’s fall would turn out in this manner

Subaru: “Guess posing as a big boss in the underworld was kinda fun…”

He was looking back. At the path towards here.

Just how much suffering had he caused? With the weaknesses of many people in his hands, and all while receiving their hatred, he would lord over others’ lives, receiving hate, ruling over his opponents’ lives, and on a whim taking those lives――

―――No, it was definitely never a whim.

If it were perceived as toying, that would a very big misunderstanding.

He had never pondered it over. He had never given it a thought, because there was no point in attempting so, however.

――Subaru was afraid of people. Terribly so.

Outwardly approaching them with a smile, while hiding cunning slyness within himself in truth. That sort of way of being of a human being, concealing the truth, human beings moving as they pleased and move wherever following innumerable ulterior motives, was horrifying.

Whether to believe the people who were with him or not, worrying about that was idiotic.

And so, Subaru had decided on a way to simplify human relationships.

Everyone lied.

And so, with that, even if all human beings detested Subaru, a world devoid of problems would be established.

Every human, no matter who, possessed a weakness. Family, a lover, wealth, dreams, hope. Because of that――

Subaru: “――If only the weaknesses of every human being in the world could be grasped.”

Then, only then, Subaru would not have to doubt anyone.

In a black and white world, in a world lacking any hues which could not be trusted, feeding on loathing, he could live comfortably.

Subaru: “――――”

With Subaru, aiding in his escape, was Halibel.

To Subaru, Halibel’s figure did not look to be their true form―― his appearance appeared monochrome. He looked to be in only two colors, white and black.

Subaru: “――――”

Appearing in monochrome like that was not restricted to just Halibel.

Right now, the world as it appeared to Subaru had, without exception, lost its colors and changed to possess but two.

People, objects, paintings, tools, jewelry, Magic Stones, fresh blood, water, all were black and white.

Blood and water seemed no different from one another, soup and poison also were not distinguishable.

Everything was monochrome. Black and white.

In such a world, that which looked colorful to Subaru amounted to only a few.

That only those were real, Subaru believed so.

Everything else was fake, Subaru believed so.

Beatrice had been so.

Emilia was so.

Beyond that, there was only one.

Anyway, Subaru could not believe in anyone else.

Everything else other than them, it truly looked faded.

Those fakers could not, only those real articles.

The qualifications to decide whether Natsuki Subaru should live or die were held only by them, only those real articles.

Subaru: “…I had a tad of expectations from Reinhard.”

Perhaps those from before those days―― in truth, he had expected those he had been involved with before the event that had triggered the loss of color would have remained without those colors fading.

However, he had appeared to Subaru just as monochrome as someone he had just met for the first time. Such expectations had been fleeting, and so Reinhard, despite how vivid he had seemed, now appeared as an ashen mass to Subaru. It looked dirty.

In the end, Reinhard was also a child of man.

There was no doubt that he too would continuously lie while living. That was all there was to it.

???: “Master――!”

As Subaru and Halibel ran through the castle, a sudden loud voice called out to them, intersecting them.

What could be seen dashing from the other side of the corridor towards them, was the long-haired, long in body maid Frederica. Though hard to discern her colors, that face’s potent impression was easy enough to remember.

Subaru had secretly found Frederica to his liking. And so――

Frederica: “Prepare yourself―― Shh!”

She, rushing in and making an attempt on his life and shouting both in a disciplined manner, appeared to be of a lovable nature to him.

Of course, those actions from Frederica would not be tolerated by the eyes of Kararagi’s strongest.

Frederica “Ah, ugh!”

The dagger in her hand being taken away, Frederica had been pushed up against the wall, her arm pinned. At Halibel, performer of these actions, Frederica could only turn back her head,

Frederica: “Why are you doing this, Halibel-sama? Now, by taking advantage of this turmoil, that man…!”

Halibel: “Ya could kill him. I understand why ya’d think so. Ya children whose weaknesses’ve been grasped, y’all desire for freedom with Su-san’s death. I know, but.”

There, Halibel opened his narrowed eyes, and glared at Frederica. Being bathed in the light of those eyes, from Frederica’s thin throat a quiet sound was produced.

Halibel: “Unfortunately, I don’t follow boss because of my weaknesses. To pay back Su-san’s kindness, that’s why I serve him.”

Frederica: “A kindness!? From this man, kindness? Stop playing around…!”

Held tight against the wall, with bloodshot eyes Frederica looked fiercely at Subaru. Those already sharp fangs grew, and those thin feminine fingers, began transforming into a thick, strong and beast-like state.

Frederica: “No matter what… Hk!?”

Halibel: “Su-san?”

Next to Frederica, fervent, her body distorted, Subaru had at some point come to stand.

Frederica widened her eyes while Halibel called out to him, but Subaru did not pause. Like that, Frederica desperately raised her arm, and grazed Subaru’s neck.

At that moment, the scarf wrapped around his throat came undone and fell to the floor――

Frederica: “――Hii.”

Frederica, seeing it, from deep in her throat made a sound.

Halibel, too, seeing that for the first time, revealed a faint surprise.

――On Natsuki Subaru’s neck, clearly remained marks shaped like fingers.

Subaru: “It won’t do, Frederica. I won’t allow that black-and-white you to kill me.”

Frederica: “――――”

At that frozen Frederica, Subaru drew his face close and asserted with certainty.

Perhaps, he had hoped that Frederica may have had some color. Nevertheless, even at this crucial moment, Frederica had remained in black and white.

Subaru: “Halibel-san… Take Frederica, and let her get away.”

Halibel: “…Su-san. The insider that dragged in the Sword Saint’s prolly――”

Subaru: “I know.”

Gazing at that Frederica unable to move an inch, Subaru cut off Halibel’s words.

Even without it being said, he understood. It was comprehensible that Frederica had secretly done such things, her emotions, given the extremes of her treatment, were capable of being understood.

――Nay, it was not limited to just Frederica. If not her, that someone else would have done. That it would only be her had been a miscalculation.

Subaru: “You don’t have to come back, Halibel-san. I’ll go settle things, in my own way.”

Halibel: “――――”

Subaru: “If you wanna return my kindness, that’ll be enough. In the first place, you got no reason to feel gratitude… I was just being cunning, after all.”

Shaking his head, Subaru smiled lightly at Halibel.

Halibel had, perhaps, regarded Subaru as someone who cared for him. Nevertheless, from Halibel he could not see any color either.

Perhaps, once the color was lost, it would never be restored.

It was because Subaru had lost the right to believe in something.

So was it that not one thing in the world would be colored for Subaru forevermore?

If so, that which was there to cling onto, was only――

Halibel: “With Su-san, I had wanted to be proper friends.”

Subaru: “…If I hadn’t run away, that might have been.”

Accepting Subaru’s intentions, Halibel, with those short words, simply said farewell.

Subaru, too, felt that exchanging more between them would be inappropriate.

But in the end, at that person who could have become a friend, he wanted to look cool.

Subaru: “Frederica.”

Frederica: “――――”

At that call, Frederica slowly turned towards him.

At the woman who had lost the will to fight, Subaru was hesitant about how to convey it.

He wished to report to her, because he had been told to do so,

Subaru: “The food was always delicious, they told me that.”

――Perhaps, Frederica did not understand the meaning of that odd sentence.

Till the very end, in her eyes, Natsuki Subaru must have appeared as a monster.

That was fine. Even if it was like that, it did not matter. He had acted as such, he had been such.

He had not obtained the results he wished to see, however.

Subaru: “Then, where should I go, I wonder.”

Halibel had taken Frederica and, fading into the shadows, disappeared.

Left behind, Natsuki Subaru was alone in the collapse of his dreams.

Pandemonium shook constantly, perhaps evidence that Reinhard and Cecilus’s battle raged on. However, the multiple voices he could hear from afar showed that the assault was not limited to only Reinhard; he adjudged that potential foes had taken advantage of the opportunity.

Enemies, enemies, enemies. Nothing but enemies.

Having lived the way he did, it could not be helped.

Subaru: “――――”

Subaru had reached a fork, and for nary a moment he hesitated in deciding where to go.

Going right, would have him come across Emilia’s private quarters, the girl who had supported his weak self.

Going left, would have him come across what his weak self had taken as a kind of support, that girl――

Subaru: “―――Eh?”

It was at the moment he was faced with the option of where to go.

Someone running up, had pierced Subaru’s left side with a sharp knife.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

In a strange castle within a strange landscape, Emilia was running barefoot.

Though having spent a year inside Pandemonium, what Emilia knew of the castle was only that white room, her private quarters. Outside her room, and past the inside of the building, had gone completely unexplored by Emilia.

And that still did not change. Emilia’s interest was not focused on this world.

Now, Emilia’s concern was now focused on only one person, only the boy that had sought her.

???: “――Emilia-sama!”

Called by her name, with a startled expression Emilia stopped her steps.

Pandemonium had partially collapsed, losing its original form. In a white corridor, its windows slanted and cracked, Emilia had been halted by a young man with sky-blue eyes and blazing red hair.

Emilia: “Reinhard…”

Reinhard: “Have you been well, Emilia-sama? I am glad to be able to meet you again.”

Even in this place, adhering to a Knight’s courtesy and posture, his attitude was too brave and elegant.

That man had run to Emilia’s side after finding her. Reinhard van Astrea bowed his head. But due to his appearance, Emilia’s amethyst eyes were shaking from bewilderment.

Emilia: “Reinhard, you’re gravely wounded. Are you alright?”

Reinhard: “There is no need to worry. That it is a light wound, cannot quite be said, however.”

Saying that, Reinhard relaxed his lips with Emilia’s words.

But Reinhard’s appearance, to her, was rife with injuries. She had thought it unimaginable.

Covering his body were innumerable cuts produced by flashes of a blade, and with the bleeding having not ceased even now, red droplets of blood were dripping here and there in the white corridor. On those noble and fearless cheeks strands of crimson hair were scattered about, stuck onto it; on his face was a certain hue of fatigue, albeit she had never seen his breathing in a disturbed state.

That white Knight’s uniform was dirtied and covered in blood, not only another’s but his own as well, and what was shocking above all――

Emilia: “Your, sword.”

Reinhard: “That right here right now is a scene for the Dragon Sword to be drawn, has been judged by the sword.”

That never-drawn, never-needed Holy Sword that was passed down through the Astreas, the Dragon Sword Reid with white light shone.

That blade, in this castle, against whom had he wielded it? Against whom would he wield it in the future?

Reinhard: “Anyway, that Emilia-sama is safe is fortunate… Depart from here alongside me. There is a dragon carriage waiting outside the castle. With it, to Lugunica――”

Emilia: “To Lugunica… Where is this?”

Reinhard: “This is at the edge of the Kararagi City-States, a hidden castle at the Crimson Hills Girall… Finding the organization took great effort, but through the efforts of a competent spy and an insider, it was somehow discovered.”

While answering Emilia’s questions, Reinhard was regarding his surroundings warily.

That even now the shaking continued meant that somewhere in this castle a battle was continuing to take place. In Reinhard’s case, he would wish to head towards his allies to support them.

No matter how covered in wounds he was, he was still the Kingdom’s strongest―― no, the world’s strongest man.

With him, Pandemonium’s fall was only a question of time.

If he were not here――

Reinhard, “Emilia-sama, right now, we must――”

Hurry from this place , Reinhard might have been trying to say.

However, those words were suddenly interrupted by Emilia’s actions, who had spun in place.

Emilia: “――――”

It was but an instant.

From the back, through Reinhard’s abdomen, a sword of ice had pierced. Blood flowed through the blade of frost, his insides being destroyed by the invading cold. The Sword Saint, at the shock he had never felt before, coughed up blood.

Reinhard: “Emilia, sama.”

Emilia: “Ah.”

Reinhard, still unable to understand what had happened, fell onto his knees. Watching that appearance, Emilia blankly stared at her own white fingers.

What she had done, she was realizing that it really had been an unexpected act.

――If this had been a betrayal from Emilia’s true heart, Reinhard could have blocked it.

Were it an attack holding hostility and intent to kill, Reinhard’s intuition would not be evaded. Or, in the case his Divine Protections were working properly, sure enough Reinhard’s defense would not have been pierced either.

But this place was Pandemonium, and Emilia herself could not make up her own mind―― That had, in Reinhard, left a fatal gap.

Emilia: “I, can’t…Not that. Subaru is, no. Reinhard, no. Subaru, I won’t let him be hurt. Subaru, needs me…”

Shaking her head in refusal, Emilia’s own actions now corroborated her true intentions.

The reason for that instantaneous act, for the instantaneous assault on Reinhard, was she had instinctively realized that his existence would destroy Pandemonium and target Natsuki Subaru.

And, knowing that, she instinctively did not stop herself, that was what was thinking.

Unconsciously, Emilia, for the sake of protecting Subaru, had no choice but to kill Reinhard.

Emilia: “Subaru is my…”

Only at this point, did Emilia understand her own feelings.

Again and again, Subaru had come looking for her, and she had watched his form on as he had tried to attain peace of mind. During that time, Emilia had also been saved.

――Just as Subaru needed Emilia, Emilia also needed Subaru.

Emilia: “I will, protect him. If, I don’t protect Subaru, then…”

Reinhard: “Emilia-sama, that is…”

Emilia: “――Puck! Please!”

A roar, and a cold wind blew, and her silver hair fluttered beautifully amidst the white hallway.

His body bathed in an extremely frigid wind of sublimated intent to kill, at his flesh freezing as it was subjected to severe wind, Reinhard drew a line of blood in midair as he flew far to his back. And, with his coughing mixed with blood, he lifted his sword.

Those blue eyes that reflected the sky regarded the Witch of Glaciation and the Beast of the End, standing side-by-side.

Puck: “Sorry, Reinhard. Lia’s wishes are my own. If you’re that weakened, even I might win―― you can think of it as catlike cruelty.”

Emilia: “Please, Reinhard. Return like this. Leave me and Subaru alone.”

Reinhard: “――That, is not possible.”

With Emilia having caused this situation, yet still trying to find a satisfactory solution, Reinhard shook his head.

Already, negotiations had broken down. He had been taken by surprise from behind―― no, perhaps Reinhard himself, even considering his wound, may have accepted the offer of reconciliation if the situation allowed.

But Reinhard’s belief, however, was that this was already a situation which did not allow for that.

Reinhard: “As the head of Pleiades, the Purge King, Natsuki Subaru, starting with the murder of Margrave Roswaal L. Mathers, among the people of the Kingdom, as well as of the Vollachian Empire and the Kararagi City-States, and among the subjects of the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko, has already had one-hundred-twenty-six-thousand-seven-hundred-and-two [12] people killed in total.”

Emilia: “――――”

Reinhard: “That number only goes for direct damage. When including the indirect damage, the number of victims who have lost their life increases even more. No matter what, it is not an evil that can be left ignored.”

Reinhard’s words held a serious resonance and held a plea.

From listening to his words and learning of Natsuki Subaru’s evil deeds, there was a feeling that he was hoping for a change of heart to be born in Emilia from that.

In truth, Emilia had received a shock. Stuck in her private quarters, having been left only to the role of watching over Subaru’s sleeping face, she had not known of any of his wrongdoing. That Roswaal had been killed when she had been pulled out of that mansion, she had vaguely guessed.

Struck by that shock, Emilia bowed her head.

Shock, there was definitely a shock. However, the shock Emilia felt to her core was not from disappointment about the weight and number of sins Subaru had committed――

Emilia: “――Sorry, Reinhard. Still, Subaru is dear to me.”

Even having learned about those evil acts her obsession with Natsuki Subaru had not wavered at all, learning that had been the source of her shock.

Emilia’s feelings, even knowing the truth, had not changed.

Reinhard: “――Kh.”

Faced with such a declaration from Emilia, Reinhard bit his lip. And soon raising his face, and directing the drawn Dragon Sword,

Reinhard: “Reinhard van Astrea, of the Sword Saint bloodline.”

Emilia: “I’m Emilia. Just, Emilia.”

Having each named themselves, at that next moment, a white shock destroyed the uppermost floor of Pandemonium.

The captive princess, who had been supposed to be rescued, and a Knight in shining armor who had come to rescue her, would end up killing one another.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: “Damn, it… Fucking… That, damn… bastard…!”

Cursing, Subaru ran, his steps faltering.

Beneath those swaying feet, with a tip-tap droplets of fresh blood trickled―― a knife had been stabbed by his left armpit by an assassin at the time of his assault. The pain was performing a Dempsey Roll [13] on his brain non-stop.

Subaru: “That black and white asshole… If there’s a next time, I’ll definitely kill you…!”

Sweating profusely, Subaru leaned on the corridor wall to continue moving along. At the end of it all, the assassin had run away, without delivering the coup d’grâce―― the man who was supposed to have disappeared in the reception hall came to mind.

Bastard: “More than this is beyond the scope of my work. So, be careful, Natsuki-san.”

Killing the general lying in the midst of the enemy, then speaking some and escaping could be called splendid―― Yet Subaru did not have giving praise to his enemies as an hobby.

To be precise, that man had been doing work he did not wish to have to do. That sense of pure humiliation due to having overlooked a troublesome enemy out of carelessness had his disappointment turn to fury.

However, it was unlikely that this situation would allow him to vent his anger.

Subaru: “Something suitable for the end, something suitable for these last moments…”

Prick-prick , while touching that left armpit that hurt as if burned, Subaru murmured gloomily.

Given what he had done, he knew for certain that someday he would receive his just deserts. Despite that, to postpone that moment of meeting retribution all the way to hell had been the plan, such was this ordinary person’s petty wisdom―― it was a shame that he had gone not three years before having found his limit.

Such was how the dictator would welcome his end.

His distrust at the end had been excessive. There was no doubt that it had spurred on this destruction.

However, he held no regrets.

If he had done this, if he had done that, those kinds of obvious mistakes did not come to mind.

He had known from the start that it was wrong, and never thought to correct it. Merely thinking that his way of life had been mistaken or something of the sort, Subaru had done nothing but flounder.

Much like if he were drowning. As if he had fallen in, only desperate for breath.

Just from that――

???: “――Subaru.”

Subaru: “――――”

Leaving a trail of blood, crawling through that hallway, someone called out to that Subaru.

For a moment, Subaru furrowed his brows, not understanding that voice―― It was not that he did not know it. But, because he did not comprehend why he was hearing that voice at this place.

Because her private quarters were on the opposite side of this place, and there would no reason to be here if her intent were to escape. Therefore――

Subaru: “Uh, whoa!”

???: “I’m relieved, Subaru… I can meet you properly.”

Subaru: “Emilia…?”

It was not until he looked into her beautiful face from up-close, her having rushed towards him and knocked him down within that corridor, that Subaru came to grips that this was reality.

Together with that world of black and white, there was silver, and there was amethyst, and there were cherry-colored lips.

As if to inform that Emilia, and Emilia alone, remained with color in the world.

Subaru: “――But, why?”

Emilia’s figured was tinted, yet Subaru could not comprehend as to why.

From Emilia, Subaru was receiving definite warmth, her embrace such that it could even be called painful.

After all, Subaru had always sought Emilia out one-sidedly; for what reason, what conditions had made her become so that she would come to Subaru――

Subaru: “…Emilia, you’re hurt.”

Emilia: “――It’s fine, really. Truly, nothing happened. No need for concern.”

Emilia, still embracing him, looked at him again. Smiling, putting on a brave front, she was covered in wounds all over.

Her wonderful silver hair was disheveled and portions had been cut, giving it an uneven appearance. Her thin white nightgown had been torn and bloodied, and on her bare feet several painful lacerations could be found.

To prevent it from being like this, innumerable defensive measures should have been applied to her private quarters.

Furthermore, there should have been a Spirit alongside her, one that would have not permitted her going through any of this suffering.

Subaru: “What has Puck been doing…”

Emilia: “Puck is… Hmm, about that, everything’s fine now. Everything’s fine now…”

Subaru: “――?”

For a moment, hesitation flashed within Emilia’s eyes, but it was hidden quickly, beneath shutting eyelids.

Subaru held suspicions regarding that reaction, but the next time Emilia opened her eyelids, the faintly-visible hesitation was nowhere to be found.

Emilia: “Subaru, let’s run away together. If we do it now, nobody will be chasing after us.”

Subaru: “――Run away, with me?

Emilia: “Yes. Who else would it be with? Don’t say such weird things.”

Her demeanor becoming slightly tinged by anger, Emilia poked Subaru’s nose with a finger. Due to that seemingly way out-of-place act, above Subaru a question mark floated up.

To begin with, Emilia was supposed to be shunning Subaru.

Subaru: “And yet, all I did was presume upon you because you’re kind…”

Emilia: “――Really, did you? I’ve been thinking about something like that too.”

Subaru: “Emilia?”

Her hand on her chest, Emilia ephemerally lowered the corners of her eyes, appearing lonely.

Were the times she had passed alongside Subaru ever since he had taken her away flashing through her heart, through her mind? How many times had she gazed at that abominable companion’s sleeping face?

In those times, Subaru had received salvation, but to Emilia they would have been filled with humiliation――

Emilia: “I do believe I was angry with you, Subaru. But, it truly only at the beginning… After that, I thought I was definitely receiving Subaru’s help.”

Subaru: “Receiving help, from me…?”

Emilia: “Because, Subaru, you had been needing me. Nobody would ever need me, that was how I had felt, and you had freed me of that, and so…”

“Codependency”, a word of that sort surfaced inside Subaru’s mind.

Subaru had required Emilia’s presence for peace of mind, and, much in that vein, Emilia’s mind too had arrived at a conclusion of that ilk at the time, that she herself desired those times, that she needed them.

And so, the pair had fallen into a codependent relationship, each in turn relying on the other.

Emilia: “Subaru, I want to be with you. So, let’s run away?”

Subaru: “…You putting it like that makes me happy, but…”

Responding while stuttering, Subaru could not accept Emilia’s confession yet.

His heart was overwhelmed with shock, but taking little notice of that, his mind reached a more realistic answer.

What Emilia had said, running away with her, was not possible.

Reinhard was coming. Even if Cecilus was attempting to hold him at bay, outside the castle a massive crowd of enemies would be gathered to subjugate the Purge King.

No longer did Subaru possess a single ally outside the castle. His numerous tricks for the sake of keeping potential enemies in check, would not function in this situation. Those potential enemies had become concrete ones blocking his path.

Taking Emilia and running away, it was not realistic at all.

Natsuki Subaru was to meet his end here. Here, he would come to an end――

Emilia: “――Then, I’ll die together with you.”

Subaru: “――――”

At that moment, Subaru was stunned. More so than when he was stabbed, or when Reinhard first appeared, or when he realized that this was the end.

The smiling Emilia gazed on at Subaru, and spoke words containing love and definite affection.

If Natsuki Subaru was to meet his end, Emilia as well, in this place―――

Emilia: “We’ll meet the end together. I don’t want to stay in a place where you won’t need me.”

Subaru: “――Ah.”

Emilia: “Please, Subaru. I, need you. I want you to be with me.”

Emilia clung closer to his chest. Relishing in her warm droplets and the feeling of her sighs, Subaru got the strong sense that the feeling he needed was the exact opposite of what he usually felt.

Just as he had clung onto Emilia, Emilia was now clinging onto Subaru.

All along, Subaru had been needing Emilia, having been receiving salvation from her.

And now, Emilia needed Subaru, seeking salvation.

Now, Emilia was in need of Subaru, calling for salvation of her own.

That a moment like this would come now, such a thought had not even―――

Emilia: “Subaru…?”

Grabbing Emilia’s clinging shoulders, Subaru shoved her away.

And, standing up in front of her, motionless, her eyes opened wide in shock, Subaru then stepped back.

Emilia was looking upwards, towards Subaru.

And to Emilia, his lips trembling, Subaru uttered.

Subaru: “That’s, a lie…”

Shaking his head horizontally in refusal, Subaru stared at Emilia―― with fearful eyes.

Emilia: “Suba…”

Subaru: “No, please stop, stop it. Why me, why now, why! Stop it! Stopit stopit stopit! PLEASE STOP!!”

Fear, it was fear.

There was fear. There was nothing but fear. There was only fear. Certainly, only fear.

Fear, fear, fear, fear, fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear――

???: “――With so much of the Witch’s stench drifting from you.”

He covered his ears.

He held his head.

Trying to run away from that voice, from that raised shriek, from that audible voice.

???: “――There’s a limit to how much you can pretend to be unrelated to her!!”

As to cover his ears.

As to hold his head.

As to try to run away from that voice, from that raised shriek, from that audible voice, but unable to do such a deed.

???: “――Nee-sama is too kind.” [14]

Subaru: “Do you think I would be aware of such a thing, AHHHHHH―― Hk!!”

Screaming loud enough to the point of vomiting blood, Subaru retreated backwards.

Emilia stood up, asking him what was going on. He could not hear it.

With sweet, sugary, tender words, she tried to nestle closer to Subaru. He could not hear them.

Her words, her voice, were not being heard. He did not want to hear them.

Don’t be kind to me. Don’t treat me gently.

For what reason, are you trying to snuggle up to me?

Such a thing should be impossible.

Just how many evil deeds do you think I’ve piled up?

Emilia shouldn’t have forgiven them.

She really shouldn’t.

Was I the one to change that?

Had Natsuki Subaru’s foolishness, by having leaned on Emilia, by having relied on Emilia to sleep at night and get through everything, snot pathetically running from his nose, Subaru leaning, his pathetic nose running, on that pajama-wearing Emilia’s nights having relied on to overcome, been what had changed Emilia?

Did Emilia change as well?

Subaru: “It, would’ve been fine if you hated me! It would’ve been fine if you shunned me!”

Emilia: “――――”

Emilia, was fading to gray.

Color faded from Emilia, washing away, plunged into the world of monochrome.

It was a lie, it had been a lie. That deception had caused Subaru’s world to fade in tonality.

The silver, the amethyst that composed Emilia, the colors that made up the beautiful Emilia Subaru believed in disappeared from her, her deception causing her to be tainted by black and white.

That reality, he could not accept. Emilia was noble, and that would never change.

Even if she hated them, she could not keep someone who clung on to her away.

Because he had believed that her kindness was the materialization of her inner heart, and that she would never forgive Subaru, Subaru had been able to indulge himself in Emilia [15] .

But, comprehending that Emilia too, changed――

Subaru: “Don’t, act kindly towards me…!”

Subaru: “No matter what, you’ll come to hate something about me, won’t you? You’ll come to doubt me, won’t you? Because I’m an obstacle, you’ll think of murdering me, of hating me, of cursing me, and you’ll come to betray me!”

Subaru: “Then, please keep hating me, like it was at the start! If you’d just stayed like that, without changing, it would’ve been fine! Just do as you did, and hate me. Just do as you did, and hate me …!”

Suddenly welling up, was anger.

He was proceeding to drown in anger, at anything and everything in the world.

In trying to save his drowning self, he had struggled desperately as to try and take repeated breaths. But having finally at this juncture, even Emilia had betrayed Subaru.

――Something that changed would one day come to betray him, and because of that, it was similar to having been betrayed already.

Subaru: “Please don’t you pretend to be in love with me when you’ll just betray me one day!!”

Emilia: “――Hk.”

Shakily, Subaru thrusted away the monochrome Emilia extending a hand towards him.

Pushed back with resolve, Emilia fell over in the hallway, having lost her support. For a moment, hesitation brushed against his chest, but Subaru fully painted it over with fear.

Even Emilia was no longer tranquil.

That this would come to pass someday, it was the very last possibility he had considered―― He had not been thinking that she would be in such need of him.

――That Emilia could, someday, forgive Subaru.

That such a day would never come had been his hope, and that was fine, but sure enough, it had surely materialized.

Therefore, Subaru, left in this world of only black and white, could only rely on his last resort, the only thing in his possession.

Emilia: “――!!”

That fallen Emilia, was shrieking something.

Leaving it behind his back, Subaru began sprinting.

He could not feel any pain in his side. He no longer cared about such a thing.

There was merely a wish to end everything. Subaru’s world of color was disappearing entirely.

What remained was, just that.

The last straw on to which the drowning Natsuki Subaru clung onto, was merely――

――An existence with hatred that would never change, which would not forgive Subaru.

Emilia: “――!!”

That half-mad Emilia’s voice did not reach that half-mad Subaru.

The collapse of that den of wickedness, Pandemonium, much like the collapse of its master’s mind, advanced at increasing speed.

Within that world crumbling, that world devoid of color, Subaru had finally arrived.

Subaru: “――――”

He arrived at Natsuki Subaru’s office, still whole.

Firm protections, like those that had been used for Emilia’s private quarters, had been applied to it―― Because, in this room, there was something which absolutely should never be damaged there, much like Emilia.

He had kept Emilia away out of a wish for harm not to befall her, but this was the opposite.

That which had been set up at the place closest to himself, was what Subaru opened up.

The door concealed behind the bookshelf, was truly a door that no one, with the exception of Subaru, would be able to open.

Without haste, Subaru opened it.

On the other side of the open door, the sound of chains, the sound of chains linked to the wall, reverberated.

And, while playing that sound of chains, pink-colored eyes gazed at Subaru, and spoke.

???: “――Finally, did you come wanting to die, Barusu?”

――Solely because of her hatred, the girl that desired to murder his own self held a minute smile, with the color of blood.

[1] In the original Japanese text, this is a mimetic word, a word that imitates a sound, but actually means a concrete word, like a noun or a verb. In this case, it would mean something like “with force”. I’ve opted to write the first two instances as a sound effect (originally “ギリギリ”), and the latter one as the expression it means (originally “ギリギリと”).

[2] Similar to the above, now with “ジタバタ” imitating the sound, and “ジタバタと” having a meaning of “to flair/flutter”.

[3] The original expression, “親猫”, is literally translated as “parent cat”, which means something like “an overly attached parent”. Sadly, the pun doesn’t really work because of the localization.

[4] Not to be confused with the capitalized Warlock, which is used for instances of “魔人” within double quotes (“『』”).

[5] Traditional sandals from Japanese, similar to flip-flops. For more information, see here .

[6] Japanese smoke pipe (see here ).

[7] “忍術” may also be literally translated as “ninjutsu”, and would encompass martial arts of concealment and combat practiced by Japanese shinobi (more often known outside of Japan as ninjas ). More likely, Tappei intended the use of this expression here to transmit these multiple meanings. In here, a translation of each individual Kanji that make up the word was chosen. For more information, see here .

[8] To fit with the shinobi aesthetic, this is specifically a kunai knife, traditionally used for close-quarters combat. For more information, see here .

[9] An interesting thing to note here is that the expression used here is Engrish, “ボス”, literally read “boss”. However I’ve opted not to flip the language, even though there are non-Engrish alternatives, because it’s hard to know whether it’s an intentional use of Engrish or not.

[10] Engrish flip. Means “model/template” (型), originally “JP” (テンプレ).

[11] Cecilus here is saying the expression “大海原/おおうなばら”, which means “(great) ocean”. However, he’s using Katakana, so it’s like he’s mispronouncing it. This translation choice reflects that little detail.

[12] Despite being a gigantic number, my convention is to write numbers by full. For those who can’t be arsed, the number of people is 126,702.

[13] Albeit the Dempsey Roll is a boxing technique that exists in real life (named by the eponymous Jack Dempsey), it was made popular in Japan by the series Hajime no Ippo. So it’s likely a reference to said series.

[14] These lines are spoken by Rem in the third loop of Arc 2; the first two are portions spoken while she is interrogating Subaru after finding him observing the mansion, the final one is spoken after Subaru gets his throat gouged by Ram’s wind magic. These can be found in WN Arc 2 Chapter 21, and LN Volume 2, Chapter 4, Section 7.

[15] There’s a bit of a stealth reference here to the title of this IF, the verb used for “indulge” is “溺れる”, read “ oboreru ”, and can also be read as “drown”. And Oboreru IF is exactly what this IF is known as in the English community.

--- Re: Rem IF (Sloth Route) ---

google docs

Prologue: ──The Beginning

──A very heavy atmosphere was spreading inside the dragon carriage.

[???: ────]

The atmosphere was not heavy because of nervousness or caution; it was just plain awkward. To feel like it was reality with her skin, the girl softly pulls up the blanket that was on her body.

The dog carriage was not being pulled by an earth dragon, but a large Liger, and it was not being shielded by divine protection. The passenger carriage had a rough structure, and so it shook noisily. They weren’t really good circumstances, but since they weren’t in a position to spend all they wanted, they just had to deal with this.

[???: ────]

They already didn’t even have too much travel expenses left anymore. Once their lives were at risk, they also had to use the money that they were hesitant to use at first because of guilt. Still, even if they temporarily pulled through their difficulties, the problem of money would always follow them around unless it was solved fundamentally.

Plus, money wasn’t the only problem they had. There was an even more serious problem.

That was──

[???: A wife…but you look like you just had a nightmare, certainly.]

A voice suddenly calls out to the girl at the corner inside the cramped carriage. When she looked back with just her eyes, she saw a small──no, a figure that was too small. It was maybe a child, or something smaller.

He had white hair and a lovely dog face──it was a beast man kobold.

[???: I can see why you’d be cautious, but I don’t mean any harm, certainly. I was just curious, certainly.]

[Rem: ……Thank you very much for your concern. But…]

The girl stiffened up, but the tone of his voice made her relax. He probably just had good intentions. However, the girl’s heart wasn’t ‘strong’ enough to allow herself to be spoiled by his good intentions.

If she wasn’t tense, she’d become more and more corrupted. That was terrifying.

[???: You’re practically glass, certainly.]

[Rem: Like glass……?]

[???: Glass is hard, but fragile, certainly. That’s what your guys’ hearts seem like to me, too, certainly.]

His point truly made her heart crack like glass.

By ‘You guys’, it felt like he was saying that she wasn’t all alone. A black haired boy was cuddling next to her in a blanket, sitting up and sleeping. She was leaned against him, and they were sharing warmth.

And so, this boy was the true reason why there was a heavy atmosphere in the carriage.

[Subaru: ……I’m sorry…I’m sorry. I’m…so weak…so…everything’s my……]

[Rem: ────]

Every now and then, feelings of shame leaked from the lips of the boy having a nightmare. The passengers felt something serious from his voice and tears that made it seem as if he carried the guilt of everyone in the whole world, and they couldn’t move an inch.

[Rem: Don’t talk about other people’s situations so bluntly……]

[???: Seeing everyone as a threat now is something you probably couldn’t avoid, certainly. It may have been unavoidable, but you can’t just never do anything about it, certainly.]

When she looked down with their arms linked, the beast man just looked like white fur. The fur that spoke as if she knew them irritated her just a little bit. She just didn’t want to make a big fuss about it.

Seeing her conflicted like that, the beast man gets a hat that he’d been hiding, and he took something out of it. And then, when he smoothly put his hand straight in there,

[???: Take this and go to Banan town. A friend of mine will help you out, certainly.]

[Rem: …….Why…are you doing this?]

His voice sounded like he had good intentions. There was a place and a person’s name written on the paper he forced her to take. It seemed this beast man’s name was also included in the few lines. She didn’t know why he was doing this.

The beast man smiles with a “It’s obvious, certainly”, in response to the girl’s question and says,

[???: People should help out each other in times of need. As an adult, even more so when it’s a child. “The more bonds you make, the more good bonds you get.” That’s the Kararagian way I believe in.]

He tells her that kindly, and the girl grasped the scrap of paper tightly. After that, she brought her knees together, put her head on the shoulder of the boy next to her, and she let out a sobbing voice.

The beast man stares at the girl and the boy with kind eyes, and he patted their heads.

--- Re: Rem IF (Sloth Route) ---

google docs

Prologue: ──The Beginning

──A very heavy atmosphere was spreading inside the dragon carriage.

[???: ────]

The atmosphere was not heavy because of nervousness or caution; it was just plain awkward. To feel like it was reality with her skin, the girl softly pulls up the blanket that was on her body.

The dog carriage was not being pulled by an earth dragon, but a large Liger, and it was not being shielded by divine protection. The passenger carriage had a rough structure, and so it shook noisily. They weren’t really good circumstances, but since they weren’t in a position to spend all they wanted, they just had to deal with this.

[???: ────]

They already didn’t even have too much travel expenses left anymore. Once their lives were at risk, they also had to use the money that they were hesitant to use at first because of guilt. Still, even if they temporarily pulled through their difficulties, the problem of money would always follow them around unless it was solved fundamentally.

Plus, money wasn’t the only problem they had. There was an even more serious problem.

That was──

[???: A wife…but you look like you just had a nightmare, certainly.]

A voice suddenly calls out to the girl at the corner inside the cramped carriage. When she looked back with just her eyes, she saw a small──no, a figure that was too small. It was maybe a child, or something smaller.

He had white hair and a lovely dog face──it was a beast man kobold.

[???: I can see why you’d be cautious, but I don’t mean any harm, certainly. I was just curious, certainly.]

[Rem: ……Thank you very much for your concern. But…]

The girl stiffened up, but the tone of his voice made her relax. He probably just had good intentions. However, the girl’s heart wasn’t ‘strong’ enough to allow herself to be spoiled by his good intentions.

If she wasn’t tense, she’d become more and more corrupted. That was terrifying.

[???: You’re practically glass, certainly.]

[Rem: Like glass……?]

[???: Glass is hard, but fragile, certainly. That’s what your guys’ hearts seem like to me, too, certainly.]

His point truly made her heart crack like glass.

By ‘You guys’, it felt like he was saying that she wasn’t all alone. A black haired boy was cuddling next to her in a blanket, sitting up and sleeping. She was leaned against him, and they were sharing warmth.

And so, this boy was the true reason why there was a heavy atmosphere in the carriage.

[Subaru: ……I’m sorry…I’m sorry. I’m…so weak…so…everything’s my……]

[Rem: ────]

Every now and then, feelings of shame leaked from the lips of the boy having a nightmare. The passengers felt something serious from his voice and tears that made it seem as if he carried the guilt of everyone in the whole world, and they couldn’t move an inch.

[Rem: Don’t talk about other people’s situations so bluntly……]

[???: Seeing everyone as a threat now is something you probably couldn’t avoid, certainly. It may have been unavoidable, but you can’t just never do anything about it, certainly.]

When she looked down with their arms linked, the beast man just looked like white fur. The fur that spoke as if she knew them irritated her just a little bit. She just didn’t want to make a big fuss about it.

Seeing her conflicted like that, the beast man gets a hat that he’d been hiding, and he took something out of it. And then, when he smoothly put his hand straight in there,

[???: Take this and go to Banan town. A friend of mine will help you out, certainly.]

[Rem: …….Why…are you doing this?]

His voice sounded like he had good intentions. There was a place and a person’s name written on the paper he forced her to take. It seemed this beast man’s name was also included in the few lines. She didn’t know why he was doing this.

The beast man smiles with a “It’s obvious, certainly”, in response to the girl’s question and says,

[???: People should help out each other in times of need. As an adult, even more so when it’s a child. “The more bonds you make, the more good bonds you get.” That’s the Kararagian way I believe in.]

He tells her that kindly, and the girl grasped the scrap of paper tightly. After that, she brought her knees together, put her head on the shoulder of the boy next to her, and she let out a sobbing voice.

The beast man stares at the girl and the boy with kind eyes, and he patted their heads.

--- Re: Ayamatsu IF (Pride Route) ---

[ERROR extracting content: Fetch failures: Invalid URL '/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ayamatsu-april-fools-2017.pdf?x97423': No scheme supplied. Perhaps you meant https:///wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ayamatsu-april-fools-2017.pdf?x97423?. Source: /wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ayamatsu-april-fools-2017.pdf?x97423]

--- Re: Ayamatsu IF (Pride Route) ---

[ERROR extracting content: Fetch failures: Invalid URL '/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ayamatsu-april-fools-2017.pdf?x97423': No scheme supplied. Perhaps you meant https:///wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ayamatsu-april-fools-2017.pdf?x97423?. Source: /wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ayamatsu-april-fools-2017.pdf?x97423]

--- Re: The Butterfly Dream (Lust Route) ---

[ERROR extracting content: No recognizable content container found. Source: https://eminenttranslations.com/rezero/side-stories/lust-if-the-butterfly-dream/]

--- Re: The Butterfly Dream (Lust Route) ---

[ERROR extracting content: No recognizable content container found. Source: https://eminenttranslations.com/rezero/side-stories/lust-if-the-butterfly-dream/]

--- Re: Kasaneru IF (Greed Route) ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated by :

With Translations and Source Checking by:

Proofread by :

Fan Art Source :

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

A dream, I saw a dream.

A dream that wouldn’t fade, a dream that kept repeating, a dream with no end, a dream that wouldn’t end――

Over and over again, many many times over, repeating mistakes over and over, correcting them more and more. 1000 times, spinning. 10,000 times, connecting. 100 million times, overcoming them. And before knowing it, losing count.

Agony, terror, turbidity, ruin, hatred, madness. Exhausted, shaken, twisted, corrupted, contorted, decayed, anguished; a heart smashed to pieces.

And yet, there was still a place I wanted to reach. And yet, there was still a wish I wanted to protect.

Even if no one knew about the endless tragedies that repeated over and over, I will not forget. Even if no one notices, only I am unable to forget.

――Even if the people I want to save wept, I still want to save them.

So, even now, I don’t regret having taken that hand. If there is something I regret, it would be that I was hesitant and indecisive in taking her hand, and the frustration towards my own weak, fragile heart that I couldn’t steel.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Waking up from the empty dream, the first thing he always felt was a throbbing headache.

[Subaru: …]

Opening his eyes, trying to stave off his sleepiness, he blinked rapidly in an attempt to wake himself up. Though his consciousness hung in a bleary haze, his sluggishness only lasted for a few seconds. Immediately after his consciousness came to from his sleep, his waking brought energy back into his body.

[Subaru: Ah, Aaah]

In contrast to his body being awake, all that escaped from his mouth was a dullish voice. At a glimpse, it seemed like he was still half-asleep, but this was one of the most important rituals he did in the morning. By lying on his back with his head up whilst he let out that voice in that manner, a lot of information could be conveyed through to him.

The tone of his voice, the establishment of consciousness, the safety of his limbs, sorting his thoughts out, what he’ll do today, and the existence of his life――

He made sure to undertake each of these actions every morning.

This was the proof that Natsuki Subaru had reached the morning without making any grave mistakes.

[Subaru: *yawn*]

Taking off his blankets as he yawned, he lifted his body up, swivelling his feet down off of the bed. He roughly scratched his head as he looked around the room he was in. It was a room he had become used to seeing―― it was luxuriously furnished, and included a canopy bed in the room in which he entered from. But, where Subaru had woken up was not the canopy bed, but rather a sofa placed further within the room. He passed the nights as of late there, wrapped up in a futon, curled up into a ball.

――Actually, no, this had been a bedtime habit of Natsuki Subaru’s in these years.

Be as it may, there wasn’t any big reason for him not to sleep in his bed. It was just that he’d end up labouring to try and prepare the environment so that it’d be as comfortable to sleep in as possible. As a result of trial and error, he had learnt that he felt more comfortable by lying down and sleeping on the sofa than sleeping in a bed. And ever since, he’d kept doing that. That’s all there was to it.

[Subaru: …]

Rubbing his eyes, Subaru got off from the sofa that he had made into a bed and went to the bathroom so he could get dressed. As he washed his face in the bathroom that was adjacent to his bedroom, he deliberately looked at his soaked face reflected in the mirror. His face looked tired, and gave the impression that he was about to collapse. His face looked frayed with dejection. These three things sapped at his morale.

In an attempt to stiffen that expression, Subaru clapped his face with both hands using all of his strength. A dry sound accompanied the tears that welled up; in order to wash away them, Subaru poured cold water onto his face. Once again, he looked at his wet face in the mirror. And whilst carefully kneading his face, eyes and cheeks, he said,

[Subaru: Smile…you gotta smile, if you can’t, then… die.]

Chanting this incantation, Subaru bent his mouth into a terrible, crooked smile. He flashed his white teeth, his smile narrowing his eyes so the whites weren’t visible all around anymore. His own countenance was like that of a villain’s he had been friends with for a bit more than 18 years. He could camouflage his eyes, his facial expression, and his countenance with no issues.

[Subaru: Oookay, okay. Keep it like this.]

After checking his smile, Subaru dried his face with a towel and hurriedly changed into his clothes. When he spent time at the Mansion, Subaru’s appearance was not garbed in a servant’s uniform… rather, he wore the formal attire of a noble. Even if he took off his jacket, he would keep snug in a casual white shirt with its sleeves rolled up. However, such appearances were now naturally required. They were quite stuffy, but he really couldn’t do anything about it. He was obligated to have an appearance appropriate to his position, because it was the position Subaru himself wanted.

[Subaru: Soon it’ll be the usual time.]

Straight after he had changed into his clothes, he looked up to the Magic Hour Crystal that had been furnished above the room’s door. It had a dark green hue, signifying that it was morning. It showed that his time for getting out of bed was soon. In some way, it seemed like this morning he had spent just a little bit too much time in practising his smile. In a few minutes, a punctual girl would knock on his door as scheduled. Before that, he needed to finish everything he hadn’t done yet.

[Subaru: …]

Shifting his attention, Subaru unbuttoned his shirt down. There, attached by a thin chain was a pendant fastened to the “Black Crystal” which he never removed, even when sleeping. A mysterious, sparkling black crystal. Squeezing it in the palm of his hand, Subaru closed his eyes. The crystal stone was cold and hard to the touch―― when it tucked into the palm of Subaru’s hand, its presence grew stronger as if firing up;  it started to pulse as if it was a living thing.

Naturally, he started to unconsciously count its strange beat’s rhythm and frequency as it rested in his palm.

With a stronger beat as it reached its full power, the  crystal stone’s beat grew stronger, and faster. Without even realising it, its pulse perfectly overlapped with the pulse of Subaru’s own heartbeat, until the beat of his heart and the beat of the crystal jewel became equal. When his mind realised that, Subaru’s consciousness was released from the yoke of his body and was invited to another area which could not by any means be real.

And in that moment, there were no sounds or signs from the world; instead, a dazzling light enveloped his consciousness.

[Subaru: …]

His consciousness that was formed by the light was slowly guided to his awakening. Sunshine pierced into his eyes when he opened his closed eyelids. What he saw in front of him as he blinked his eyes was a beautiful grassy plain with the wind blowing through it.

It was a vast green plain which spread out as far as the eyes could see. The sea of grass stretched on and on further than his eyes could see. Short blades of grass gently swayed in the breeze. Up overheard, the sky was clear with not even a wisp of cloud present. The sunshine glistened like a gemstone. The blue of the sky and the green of the earth went on forevermore, up until they hazily intersected in the distant horizon. It was appropriate of a dreamworld that lacked any semblance of reality; there was a certain stillness there that seemed eternal.

Splendid, perfectly clear, empty space. ――There was just one part that was different to that in this world.

[Subaru: …..]

Right at the heart of the plain, when Subaru stood there and looked back, there was a gently sloping hill immediately behind which continued to form the shape of a slightly elevated hillock. Up on the hillock, there was a modest garden full of flowers. Right next to those beautiful flowers that were basking in the sun, was a parasol and a white table.

Without speaking even a word, Subaru climbed up the hill, and squeezed himself under the parasol. Steaming cups had been placed on the white table, their ceramic interiors filled with a warm, amber liquid. Two cups had been set upon the table, and a white chair had been left set next to the table.

Since she had prepared it for him, Subaru sat down on the chair without confirming it. Though the tea had just recently finished brewing, he held the cup to his mouth, wetting his throat with its amber goodness.

――As always, it was an unusual tea which tasted neither delicious nor unappetising.

Nevertheless, without fail, he always drank this tea from the moment he sat down. It had been an agreement he’d made with the mistress of this place, the tea was a substitute for introductions in their strange relationship. Even so,

Subaru: [Ah, I drank it, I drank it, thanks for the drink. Alright, let’s quickly move onto the main subject.]

???: [Of course, I did say that the first sip worked as a greeting. However, I don’t think that means that you shouldn’t ever give me a simple hello, mhm?]

Finishing his tea, Subaru placed his cup back on the table with these few words. And to what he had said, the one who sat opposite to him at the table gave him a weak smile, whilst voicing out her complaint. Receiving her complaint, Subaru scratched the tip of his nose whilst saying:

[Subaru: …There’s no real reason to greet you, is there? After all, since you’re prying inside my head day and night, there’s no meaning in saying hello or goodbye to you.]

[???: This and that are different matters, you know? First of all, day and night , I’d like for you not to speak of it in such a scandalous manner. Even if it is true, even I am still a shy, young maiden girl, as delicate as a flower. Wouldn’t my reputation become all the more worse if it became known that I am always staring into a boy’s mind?]

[Subaru: A shy, young maiden girl as delicate as a flower… Did the meaning of those words change without me noticing?]

[???: How scathing of you. Well, maybe it is unreasonable at my age to insist on calling myself that.]

Saying that, the girl relaxed her mouth into a smile; quite in contrast to the contents of her complaints. Completely used to these sorts of exchanges, the girl was quite tolerant towards Subaru’s impolite behaviour―― Or rather, it seemed as if she was enjoying herself exchanging these sorts of conversations with him.

Subaru’s heart cannot help but feel the distorted feelings of guilt in his heart intensify when seeing that smile. In any case, he doesn’t know which way of acting is the right one. Only with the person right in front of his eyes, can he find the optimal solution.

[Subaru: As I thought, you’re such an unpleasant woman.]

[???: That makes me glad. For you, who is kind and greedy. Rather than being kind towards everyone, rather than being someone so apathetic who doesn’t find any value in having others help him, I always take great delight in becoming someone who cruelly wounds your heart, or the unpleasant someone who lodges an immovable thorn in your heart.]

Neither sarcasm or irony worked against her. Before she had answered him, Subaru  made quite an unpleasant face, but that  only resulted in making her more pleased.

[???: Now then, any more of this and my heart will get pained for being hated and buying into your antipathy. Let’s try and achieve what we set out to do for this morning’s meeting now.]

[Subaru: You weren’t hoping to be hated?]

[???: It was a girl’s cute bluff, you know? This is what I want you to see and accept.]

[Subaru: Cute…?]

Subaru doubted this from the bottom of his heart. He leaned his head in doubt. As for his companion she merely gave a ironic smile. And then…,

[???: You’re truly a man who never cowers down to anyone or anything.  As the 『Witch of Greed』, I like that about you. ――Natsuki Subaru]

Suited to be a contractor, the『Witch of Greed』, Echidna narrowed her eyes with a sweet smile, a smile that rose from the depths of her heart.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

[Subaru: Today’s the 14th of Kisdam……right?]

[Echidna: You can rest assured. You fell asleep last night without any issues, and you woke up this morning without anything eventful happening. The worst case scenario didn’t happen whilst you were asleep overnight. So you don’t have to worry, everything is okay.]

[Subaru: Those are foolish words. If I went to sleep thinking nothing eventful would happen, I’d end up waking up dead. I don’t know when and where I’ll die, or when it’ll stop.]

Clicking his tongue at the optimism of the witch, Subaru recalled the desperate feeling of loss of his『Deaths』.

Without aim or direction, he had no doubt it could visit him even tomorrow―― When the fact is that he abruptly『Returns by Death』, deprived of it without any premonition. The fact is that the time he spends with people will be forgotten, the fear and despair that it had brung him would never be forgotten.

[Echidna: That’s correct. I was being rash right now. My apologies for that.]

[Subaru: …Aren’t you being terribly meek right now?]

[Echidna: I apologise if you thought of it as a bad thing. I am not that bad of a woman… even though I show myself like that.]

Seeing the discomfort in Subaru who had replied with hurt in his voice, the girl garbed in black gave him a wink as she said that. When talking to that girl, the first thing he noticed was how captivating her eyes are, and how her devilish beauty seems as if it would steal people’s hearts. It’s amazing that just two colours express this beauty.

Long, beautiful white hair like snow cascaded down to her back, and her slender limbs are garbed in a black dress, typical of one seen when mourning. Sitting on her chair, her long legs were crossed together; a somewhat degenerate feeling floated around in that. On her thin lips that were drinking from her cup, there was a strangely arousing gloss to them.

She was a perverse, demonic figure that exuded a sensation of inescapable ruin and destruction were you to provoke her―― Regardless of this, there are anecdotes of those who have tried to approach this Witch of Calamity that brings about the end.

That was the identity of the white haired girl, who was completely garbed in black, Echidna. She, who had forged a contract with Subaru.

[Subaru: Hmmmm…..]

[Echidna: …? What’s the matter? You’re staring at my face. Do I have something on it?]

[Subaru: Aaah, just hair, and ears, and a mouth, and a nose, and eyes…]

[Echidna: …Hm why? Even if you’re saying something completely obvious, I feel rather insulted.]

Echidna frowned, furrowing her eyebrows at Subaru’s answer. Seeing that, Subaru lifted his hand up and said: [Waitwait,]

[Subaru: I didn’t really mean to insult you. I was just thinking, that for someone who has the reputation of being a witch, I don’t think you’re that scary.]

Even if up until a moment ago she had expressed all kinds of degeneracy and perversions, in reality, she did have a few bad habits, but she was still an ordinary girl who you could even go as far as calling good-natured.

Of course, this doesn’t deny that there were crooked, warped parts that were witch-like.

[Echidna: Hehe, that’s quite an unusual opinion huh?]

Saying that, Echidna relaxed her lips, and gave a little smile upon hearing Subaru’s thoughts. Placing her cup on the table, she shifted her long legs and fiddled with her long white hair.

[Echidna: Even though I might look like this right now, I was one of the witches that left behind such stories, in various places 400 years ago. Were you to catch me, that version of me was unpardonable.]

[Subaru: You’re speaking like you’re a middle schooler looking for special treatment.]

[Echidna: If we were to add from you to that then we’d be getting a lot closer to how I feel, wouldn’t we. But, it isn’t just that. I should have talked about this stuff when we first met.]

[Subaru: Ah… what was it you said…? Certainly, if you were a person without any tolerances, you would have vomited the first time you saw me… ]

[Echidna: When you’re cutting it down to just that, I feel that my nature is greatly misunderstood]

The majestic witch’s appearance completely changed. Echidna looked annoyed hearing Subaru’s answer. To that reply, Subaru replied suitably with [N-now now,] to deal with the shift in topic. Nonetheless, what they had spoke was enough for the morning routine.

[Subaru: It’s not like us to delve down into idle gossip. I’ll be going back to reality soon.]

[Echidna: Are you leaving already? Stay here a little more, no one will mind if you do so. As you know, the time you spend here does not affect reality. You can rest all the time you want… that’s what I hope]

Echidna said this so to restrain Subaru who had stretched up and stood from his chair. Subaru cracked the bones of his necks at hearing the witch’s cajolery.

[Subaru: That’s right. To be honest, I know you’re trying to help me in offering me to stay here, but…]

Cutting off his words there, Subaru turned his head to look down towards Echidna. The black irises of the witch and Subaru met each other. However―

[Subaru: It’s not my plan to depend on you all the time. You should know that it’s not that kind of contract.]

[Echidna: Good grief, you really aren’t being honest with yourself. Even when I am the only one in this world that can be your accomplice in helping you bear your anguish and sorrow.]

[Subaru: I don’t intend to entrust my anguish and sorrow to anyone. This is something that’s just for me; it’s how I overcome them. That’s the reason behind the contract between me and you. Isn’t that so?]

With a low tone of voice, Subaru declared this firmly to the still annoyed Echidna who was shrugging her shoulders. To that reply, Echidna cast her eyes down, drinking from her cup in silence.

When she stopped talking, it was a declaration of her intention that she had lost her reason to continue conversing. Making sure of this, Subaru turned his back to the woman, and started to walk down the hillock. But first, he stopped and turned his head back to look at the witch.

[Subaru: By the way, just a moment ago, you didn’t deny that you’re always spying on me day and night?]

[Echidna:… Hm? I thought I’d said ‘even if’?]

[Subaru :…Even if that’s true, I think it’s in my capacity to recognise the context in that implicit way of speaking!]

[Echidna: ….]

[Subaru: …..]

Being hounded by Subaru, Echidna let out a small sigh. And then she put her cup to her mouth again. It was a declaration that there was no meaning in continuing their conversation――

[Subaru: I guess you thought I’d just leave it if you kept doing that, right? Are you going to ever stop doing such an unethical thing? Hmph, so are you?]

[Echidna: Is it not normal? I am not so vulgar to spy on you when you’re taking a bath or using the bathroom. It’s just that unless you’re convinced that nothing will happen in these vulnerable situations, I think that it’s impossible for me as your contractor to avert my eyes. In the end, it’s my obligation as the『Witch of Greed』to faithfully uphold the contract――]

[Subaru: From now on, I’m removing the pendant when I go to the bathroom or wash myself.]

Saying this to the witches rapid-fire excuses, Subaru went down the hill, all the whilst biting down his embarrassment. At the bottom of the hillock, in the place in which Subaru first entered the grassy plain, a door materialised without warning. A single door free of any support. It was the only door that allowed him to go in and out to the outside world.

[Subaru: ……………]

Arriving in front of the door, Subaru placed his hand on the doorknob, turning himself so he couldn’t see anything. Echidna was looking at Subaru’s back, her hair fluttering in the wind all the way on the hillock.

When seeing Subaru looking down away from her, with only a slight bit of hesitation, she gave him a small wave. And without giving anything back, Subaru went through the door, leaving behind just a sigh.

――And straight after, his consciousness that had been captured by the dream world was released and returned back to reality.

[Subaru: ……………….]

When his consciousness came back to reality, Subaru was still standing in the middle of his own room, holding the black crystal. Breathing out a long sigh, he looked towards the Magic Hour Crystal on top of the door. There was no change in its green hue. That was proof that the time he spent in the dream world was only a few seconds.

[Subaru: Still, I’ll never get used to it…]

It was routine every morning to go to the dream world to spend some time at Echidna’s tea party. But from there, when he’d come back to reality, he still hadn’t become familiar with the discomfort that was produced from the gap of these two worlds. It was a feeling that differed from『Return by Death』. Subaru sighed, and

“Echidna: What would you say to changing your mind and getting used to not getting used to it? Even if it’s no more than for your peace of mind, maybe it’ll make you feel a bit more at ease?”

As if it was a whisper in his ear, the voice of the witch he had said goodbye to a moment ago rung out. Well, in fact it wasn’t whispered into his ear. That voice came from his contractor; the thoughts of the witch flowed via the crystal stone which hung from his neck.

Both of their paths were entwined by the contract even when he wasn’t in the dream world. That made it possible for the witch to talk directly to Subaru from the dream world.

However――

[Subaru: I thought I told you not to speak to me without thinking when there’s nothing important. ]

“Echidna: There’s no one around. I don’t think anyone is going to care you if you’re directing your attention to me when you’re alone in the room.”

[Subaru: What would you do, if you did the same thing in public without thinking, and people saw me speaking to someone who isn’t there and thought I was a weirdo?]

“Echidna: I feel like that’s a new evaluation. But, besides, it’s not unusual for spirits to converse their thoughts with their spirit-user. That isn’t really suspicious.”

[Subaru: With spirit-users, both use their thoughts to communicate. In my case, it’s just you and I’m stuck speaking aloud to myself. If you look at it from that way, it’s pretty annoying]

“Echidna: Yeah yeah, I get it. As you wish, I’ll be silent except for when necessary. You managed to make a witch obey… you’re a master at this.”

[Subaru: SHUT THE HELL UP]

“Echidna: My my. Please don’t hesitate to call me if you need me, contractor-dono.”

With both anger and mockery in her voice, Echidna slinked back leaving behind those theatrical words of farewell. Even so, the witch should still be peeping into this world via the pendant, however, for the moment, Subaru pushed the notion away from his head and he breathed out a long sigh. From now on, he would definitely shove the pendant into his back-pocket when taking a bath or going to the toilet…

[???: … Subaru-sama, are you awake?]

There was a knock on the door from outside, which informed him of his usual wake up time. Subaru cleared his throat as he heard the gentle voice that had asked him that. Then, clapping his hands to his face, and making sure he was smiling using the mirror, he gave a very dispirited reply of: [Coome in],

Hearing that, the door slowly opened, and a young girl entered the room.

[???: Good morning, Subaru-sama. Today is once again a splendid morning y’know.]

Saying that while smiling, was the little girl in her maid uniform―― Petra Leyte, Subaru’s personal maid.

When he had met her, she had still been a young bud yet to flower. But now she was entering the growing season, and was in the process of blooming beautifully. Her height, and arms, and legs had grown a lot compared to before, and she was increasingly becoming more and more suited to her pretty maid dress too.

That behaviour and conduction was not lost against her cute dress. From the start, she was a good girl who was well-taught and quick-to-learn. And now, as a maid, Petra had reached top notch levels.

A 14 year old flower… Seeing Petra’s matured smile, Subaru replied with a smile.

[Subaru: A good morning to you too, Petra. I agree, it’s indeed a splendid morning. Today too, I was able to see Petra’s cute face in the morning. I’m pretty satisfied too.]

[Petra: Subaru’s still saying such things. … Ah, but there are clouds hanging over the sky beyond the forest, it seems that the weather may get worse this afternoon. I have plans to go shopping this afternoon, I hope it’ll stay sunnyyyyyy.]

Inclining her head towards Subaru’s greeting, Petra turned her eyes towards the window and muttered that out. In those words, there was a trace of her childish immaturity in them, and Subaru gave a small chuckle.

[Petra: Ah! No, Subaru-sama.]

[Subaru: Nono, just now, the beautiful shell of a Maid was broken just a little. How very like you, Petra.]

[Petra: Jeez, please stop treating me like a kid like that. I’m totally grown up. I’ve been a maid already for two years… cuz of that I’ve become an adult!]

Shaking her auburn hair, Petra’s cheeks blushed and her lips tapered in embarrassment. In front of the figure of his cute little sister, Subaru stroked the smiling girl’s head. Petra narrowed her eyes in happiness and let out a reluctant sigh as Subaru stroked her head.

[Petra: So, what will you be doing this morning? It’s still early for breakfast, but…]

[Subaru: Ahh, for the time being I’ll just finish my usual routine and then if it goes well, we can have breakfast with everyone. If it doesn’t go well… then, the usual.]

[Petra: …Okay]

Casting her eyes down slightly at Subaru’s reply, Petra’s face turned quite serious. Shedding silent tears at making such a young sweet girl make such a face, Subaru stroked the cute girl’s head as she made this face,

[Subaru: Anyhow, thank you for today as well. Especially for coming to wake me up.]

[Petra: …]

[Subaru: Petra?]

[Petra: Subaru-sama really is clumsy.]

Saying that to Subaru, who was trying to awkwardly change topic, Petra gave an exasperated sigh. And then the girl shook her head, putting on a smile like a bloomed flower.

[Petra: No, even this is my job. Besides, it’s far better because Subaru-sama won’t sleep too much….. Even if he shouldn’t be so careless.]

[Subaru: Huh?]

[Petra: It’s nothing. Well then, I’ll see you later. Excuse me.]

Every morning, after acting as Subaru’s alarm clock Petra would give him a curtsy with her skirt. And then, after seeing off Subaru, she’d leave the room. The door would close, and Subaru would nod his head in satisfaction seeing Petra’s growth. .

[Subaru: Petra has become splendid as well. As a big brother, I am proud.]

“Echidna: But from her side, she doesn’t seem to think of you as a big brother.”

[Subaru: Didn’t I tell you to be silent except for when I need you? Witch-sama sure is quick to break promises.]

In her monologue, Subaru was struck by the witch’s persistence and weakness to not be able to tolerate the silence. But, leaving behind a resigned sigh, he turned around to look at the door Petra had disappeared through.

[Subaru: I’m that girl’s big brother, you know? So, Petra’s my cute little sister. That’s why I will make that girl happy. ――That much I will absolutely do.]

“Echidna: You’ll absolutely make her happy you say…? Those words might unexpectedly become terrible words.”

Hearing Subaru’s firm tone, Echidna said that without poking any fun at him. Ignoring the words of the witch, Subaru left the room, lightly stretching himself. The mansion’s corridor had become quite cold as a sign that it was early morning . Shivering, Subaru walked out.

―― His everyday『routine』was about to start.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Since a few months ago, mornings in the Roswaal mansion had began with an intense『Slaughter.』Though, calling it『Slaughter』may have been quite surprising when it came to the people concerned.

Still, as far as Subaru was concerned, who witnessed it, the exchanges were violent enough to be called『Slaughter.』 In fact, there was no doubt that one of the two who clashed together was challenging the other to the death. But unfortunately, the other person who was challenging them evaded that ferocious fighting spirit with ease.

The disparity of power between the two of them was completely evident in the eyes of anyone who cared to look. Of course, there was no doubt that they’d keep up this dangerous routine every morning because of this,

[???: RHHHHHAAAAARRRGH!!]

A fierce howl of rage, accompanied by an explosion at the feet that blew away the lawn on the courtyard. Digging his foot in deeply, with that tempestuous propulsion the golden silhouette charged forward, his beastly claws driving straight toward the figure of his opponent.

It was a blow that could rend thick steel plate, a blow which could turn a human body into mince meat―― The claws of the beast delivered a myriad of violent attacks, assailing its prey in an attempt to forbid it from escaping. However,

???: [I am sorry, but the gap is too great.]

???: [GHHA― !?]

The other silhouette easily avoided the downpour of fatal attacks coming from the claws of the beast. And immediately after, the long legs which were jumping up gave out a loud yell, and the body of the beast was pierced from below.

The beast raised a cry in anguish at receiving that blow, and the side that was stuck arced upwards―

???: [GHHAGHK― !?]

――Or rather, that was what should have happened, but it didn’t happen like so.

The body that was launched skywards was intercepted by the opponent’s heel which swung downwards like he had waited in ambush, and sent him down crashing into the ground. The impact produced a circular crater upon the lawn’s surface, leaving the beast perfectly silent, spread-eagled on the floor unmoving.

???: [Do you want to continue?]

???: [Aurgh]

The victor asked him whether he wanted to continue as the loser let out a groan. There was neither sarcasm or cynicism when asking that; they were words spoken only towards the battle. That’s why those words deeply wounded the loser’s spirit. Thus,

[Subaru: You probably don’t even realise it, but words like that are demeaning you know. Stop with the damn Samurai’s pity.]

Entering the scene in which victory and defeat had already been decided, Subaru said this as he scratched his head. Hearing those words, the young man who had been overlooking his spread-eagled opponent turned to look back at him with a smile appearing on his face.

The young man with hair of red flame raised his hand towards Subaru.

[???: ‘ello, good morning, Subaru. You’re up early this morning, huh?]

[Subaru: Not as early as the two of you. Even so, don’t you get bored or have enough of doing this everyday…… You don’t have to always act so frank, Reinhardt.]

[Reinhardt: There’s nothing wrong with his ambition burning strong. Besides, it’s also true that he’s getting stronger and stronger each day. Before long, won’t there come a time where he will catch up with me?]

[Subaru: Is that so? I’m having a bit of a hard time picturing that.]

The red-haired youth―― Reinhardt’s words didn’t give off the feeling that they were either a joke or an act of humility. Closing one of his eyes at this estimation, Subaru looked down at the figure that was still lying down on the ground.

A boy with short golden hair was rolling in pain there. Wheezing in anguish, he was still not at a level in which he could wage battle, but still, the fighting spirit dwelling in his green eyes had not wavered at all.

Though his body could not obey his intentions, all he could do was grit his teeth in frustration.  Grasping the feelings of bitterness he was feeling, Subaru extended his hand to that boy.

[Subaru: Hey, can you get up, Garfiel. Don’t give up just yet. You’re…]

[Garfiel: …Don’t touch me so casually. ‘ don’t need t’ stand by yer fuckin’ hand y’know.]

Not taking Subaru’s outstretched hand, the blonde haired boy, Garfiel, bared his fangs at him. However, it was obvious in anyone’s eyes that it was just a bravado. Pain was etched on his face, and his breathing was rough. Nevertheless, Subaru was not so childish as to point this out.

Slightly shaking the arm that had been brushed aside, Subaru sighed at the Garfiel who climbed to his feet.

[Subaru: Well, if you say so, do as you like. But, go take a bath before breakfast, and try to clean yourself of the sweat and mud. Otherwise, Ram will come to dislike you.]

[Garfiel: … ut yer trap. ‘ know wi’out you needin’ to tell me.]

Shaking his head at Subaru’s suggestion, Garfiel knitted his eyebrows into an angry scowl and stood up. His knees were still trembling, but it wasn’t to the extent where he couldn’t walk. Having recovered with his amazing resilience, Garfiel glared at Reinhardt who was standing there as unperturbed as ever.

[Garfiel: Nex’ time, ’m gonna fuckin’ beat ya.]

[Reinhardt: I will be looking forward to it.]

Garfiel snorted at Reinhardt’s reply which had no traces of a lie in it. And after that, the boy started to trudge away, and as he passed by Subaru, he gave a fleeting glance his way.

[Garfiel: ――Hmph.]

Smacking his lips in irritation, he continued to trudge away from the courtyard to the mansion. With a wry smile on his face, Subaru watched him walk away like that; he shook his head.

He must be feeling quite hurt with his pride wounded. Still, his sour feelings should go away along with his sweat when he washed himself before breakfast. Really, he was at a troublesome age.

[Subaru: That guy, sorry for leaving him all to you. You must be tired too, feel free to go wash up… Speaking of which, running in to him in the bath would be troublesome.]

[Reinhardt: That’s right, it’d be tough for him. Fortunately, I didn’t move enough to break out into a sweat, so I’ll refrain from doing that. It would be a shame to put Garfiel caked in mud in front of Ram-san.]

Having seen Garfiel walk off, Reinhardt smiled at Subaru who had raised those words. Just as he had thought, the effects of the morning sparring couldn’t be seen on the『Sword Saint』. He was dealing with a child, Garfiel, who challenged him in ‘anger’; he was perfectly capable of killing him if he so desired. And to make matters worse, he was making a nonchalant face whilst pushing down his feet on the part of the lawn in which Garfiel had been knocked down on. And, by some way, the grass returned back to how it had been in its original, clean state.

Was this also one of the countless Divine Protections he possessed? ――More and more, the thought of him as an enemy brought chills.

Therefore doing as much as having made him leave his own camp was probably Subaru’s greatest achievement.

The『Sword Saint』Reinhardt Van Astrea.

Where he now belonged, was the camp supporting Emilia as king candidate, backed by Roswaal. Shortly after the Royal Selection had started, the『Sword Saint』had become Felt’s knight. He had been the greatest adversary he would’ve had to contend with, and because of his distinguished prominence in the kingdom, he’d have been their greatest threat… but――

[Subaru: ――All that said, but, if Felt were to return, we’d once against stand as friends who are enemies, the thought of it brings shudders.]

[Reinhardt: …]

[Subaru: What’s the matter?]

[Reinhardt: No, nothing, I understand your concern, but I dare say I would be unable to go back to being Felt-Sama’s knight. That lady judged me as unworthy.  Were it not so, she wouldn’t have tossed me aside to vanish to whereabouts unknown.]

Reinhardt shook his head, turning away from Subaru’s words. Closing his eyes to that reply, Subaru concealed his innermost thoughts and let out a long sigh.

――Already, nearly a year had passed since Reinhardt’s master, one of the Royal Election Candidates, Felt, had disappeared from her knight.

The feline girl left the Astrea House, taking with her only the old man she regarded as family, and ran away from the Royal Selection. Thus, she cast aside the『Sword Saint』who had pledged himself to her.

Those were the rumours circulating around the country, and was almost identical to the truth.

In fact, Reinhardt had heard nothing from Felt, before being driven from the Royal Election.  The fact that the master he’d sworn his loyalty to had vanished without word, brought an immeasurable sense of helplessness to the『Sword Saint』.

Subaru had extended his arm out to this, and had dragged him over to this new camp. With his conscience sullied, and him feeling a great sense of responsibility, Reinhardt had taken Subaru’s desperate plea, and offered his sword to Emilia as his new king.

And since, the『Sword Saint』had become the sword of the Emilia camp. He was playing a big part in the Royal Selection. As the descendant of the『Sword Saint』who had sealed『The Witch of Envy』up, he joined to support the much despised Emilia, the Half-Witch. The implications of that was greater than he imagined.

Besides, Reinhardt being around helped a lot in more things than just the Royal Selection. By belonging to the same camp, Reinhardt helped out with the rebellious Garfiel.

[Subaru: I can’t raise my head to you and Ram. I can’t imagine how many times Garfiel would have crushed me by now.]

[Reinhardt: There’s hardly any such thing. Indeed, on the surface Garfiel is harsh, which is in fact an indication that he recognizes your strength. But, your strength is not one he can understand, and this, no matter what, he cannot find himself able to accept.]

[Subaru: Well, no one would particularly enjoy being confused by so many cheap conjurer’s tricks. Though, there was no other way, so it’s not like I’ve dwelled upon or regretted it.]

Shrugging at Reinhardt’s defence, Subaru recalled the events that had transpired in the 『Sanctuary』. Back at the『Sanctuary』, the residents’ escape had been impossible due to the barrier connected to the graveyard. Then, there was the threat of the『Sizeable Hare』Witchbeast swarming there―― to break through those issues, Subaru had used a lot of tricks.

It could be said that the one who feared『Sanctuary’s』liberation the most was Garfiel, and that he was the one who did his utmost to stop Subaru. Whereas, Emilia and the others were the ones who picked up the fruits of his『Return by Death』with all his soul.

That was precisely what originated the contract between Subaru and Echidna. Subaru had chosen to take the witch’s hand, and repeated his ‘Return by Death’ an unimaginable number of times, and went through all possible trial and error back at the『Sanctuary』.

And the result of that was Subaru had been able to take control of the actions of everyone staying in『Sanctuary』and by placing Garfiel outside the mosquito net (TL Note: isolating/setting him against from the other villagers) he prevented him from interfering with the events.

He overcame the Graveyard’s『Trials』and broke the barrier. Meanwhile, Roswaal made the necessary preparations concerning Lewes, and led the evacuation. The inhabitants were set free before the threat of the Sizeable Hare had assailed the『Sanctuary』. Meanwhile, Garfiel struggled to keep the time of release at bay, but his struggles were in vain.

After all, it was after everything had ended that Garfiel understood everything that happened. Even when he knew that it was too late to help, after the evacuation of the inhabitants of the『Sanctuary』had ended, Garfiel had still tried to resist leaving the『Sanctuary』. However, the『Sanctuary』was attacked by The Sizeable Hare and the young man would have been driven to the verge of death if he hadn’t been saved by the hands of Subaru and Roswaal.

Lacking strength and making misjudgments, the problems that had weighed stubbornly on his young heart for more than a decade had been solved by outsiders, excluding him entirely. Garfiel’s willpower was greatly wounded.

After that, his feelings of depression became rage, and it was only natural that he come to bear hatred for Subaru. Without the persuasions of Ram and his big sister, Frederica, Garfiel may not have made the choice to join the Emilia camp. The newcomer Reinhardt became the outlet of Garfiel’s anger.

In the end, it was probably his own lack of strength which Garfiel couldn’t forgive the most. By understanding the strength of the『Sword Saint』as his objective, little by little, signs of change were born in Garfiel, who continuously worked to become stronger.

Through this way, perhaps he would arrive at the answer that he couldn’t acquire back at the『Sanctuary』.

[Subaru: Well, I’d be quite happy if he were a little more open with me.]

[Reinhardt: One day he’ll understand your feelings. There’s no need to be impatient.]

Reinhardt shook his head in a gesture that looked like consolation at Subaru’s half-hearted conclusion. And then, the red-haired knight turned his eyes towards the mansion.

[Reinhardt: I want you to leave Garfiel to me for just a little while longer. …That’s if you still have any expectations from me, I, who was not even able to acquire Felt-sama’s trust.]

[Subaru: Don’t be so pitiful. I don’t think there’s anyone who doesn’t believe in you. Yeah, I have expectations of you.]

[Reinhardt: Understood. Then, you too should do what is expected of you… That is the duty of a best knight.]

It was only in those last words, in which Reinhardt had shown some kind of emotion in.

The『Best Knight』, that term was permitted only in master-servant relationships which were tied together by the strongest of bonds. Reinhardt had not been able to become that for Felt.

He didn’t wish to become so to Subaru, that’s what he felt.

[Reinhardt: Well, I’ll see you later.]

Without even revealing a bit of those emotions on his facial expression, Reinhardt gave Subaru a clap on his shoulder and left the garden. As he walked, there were no signs of the fight which had taken place a few moments ago, on the lawn underneath his feet which should have been dented.

Whilst standing on lawn that had gone back to normal, Subaru made sure that Reinhardt had completely left the garden and let out a long sigh.

[Subaru: I left Garfiel to… you, huh.]

“Echidna: My, what skilled acting. Your skin grows thicker by the day.”

[Subaru: …]

Once again, he heard the voice of the witch who kept breaking her promise. But, Subaru didn’t say anything back. Taking his silence as an acknowledgement, Echidna transmitted her thought-waves from her crystal stone,

“Echidna: Pitying Garfiel is your prerogative. But let’s discuss the solution of 『 Sanctuary 』 . Repeating attempt after attempt, you found the optimum solution. Keeping anyone from hurting, from dying… and finally saving everyone’s life. Isn’t that so?”

[Subaru: I know. That’s why I didn’t say anything.]

“Echidna: Reinhardt as well, absolve yourself from guilt. Originally, that girl—— Felt wasn’t interested in the election in the slightest. So, you pointed out an escape path for her, so she would need not trouble herself. And now, she’s living peacefully with that old giant in Kararagi.”

[Subaru: …]

Echidna carefully affirmed Natsuki Subaru’s choices, as if caressing old wounds.

Garfiel’s stagnation, Reinhardt’s anguish―― all of these were as a result of Subaru’s choices. Garfiel’s situation had been okay. It had been the necessary process for resolving the problems in the『Sanctuary』without having to sacrifice anyone. But, Reinhardt’s situation was different. It was a plot of Natsuki Subaru to completely separate him from his master. He wouldn’t be able to avoid blame and disdain if they knew the facts. It was that kind of a plan. But even so――

“Echidna: In order to drive away the malicious Witch Cult targeting Emilia, you need real power. Just charm isn’t enough. So in the end, you made the right choice.”

[Subaru: Enough!]

“Echidna: Successfully saving Pristella, was allowed only because of that choice. Dealing with the disaster that swept the Watergate City, how would your odds have been without Reinhardt?”

[Subaru: ….]

“Echidna: Of course, if you’d concentrated your fighting power there, you may found a way to repel them by some other means. However, to be able to defeat Sin Archbishops in the plural with no victims, was precisely because you had Reinhardt available to you.”

Repeated and relentless were Echidna’s words, and yet that attempt to console was met with the opposite effect. An attempt to justify his deeds, falling hundreds upon thousands of times was that blade known as words. Using this method to cut his heart into jagged pieces was not her goal, but it certainly felt so. Using a blade of language, she condemned the deeds and deceits of Natsuki Subaru.

No matter how many times, no matter how many dozen times, no matter how much she repeated it, it was never enough.

His strength was overwhelmingly insufficient. And that power never compensated for the experiences of Subaru, who kept repeating『Return by Death』several times.

Memories and experiences of the future, in this world there was despair that could not be overcome with that alone. Still, maybe the difficulties could have been overcome if he had committed himself. But Subaru regretted that he could not be neither strong enough or weak enough to allow sacrifices.

It’d be meaningless if he closed his eyes to people falling victim, it’d be meaningless if he accepted condolences, it’d be meaningless if he allowed compromises. If he stopped putting his life on the line, he’d lose meaning in having taken the witch’s hand.

Therefore, he did everything he could to get the necessary power and the necessary fighting strength. As a result, he had caught the strongest sword, Reinhardt van Astrea and made him into an ally.

When it came to Felt’s withdrawal from the Royal Selection―― It was not possible to describe all of his tries, and all of his errors that he had repeated so that this would have been realised.

Under Reinhardt’s enmity, under that sword, falling even ten or twenty times was insufficient. Still, finally he had accomplished it quite peacefully without sacrificing anyone. Only that outcome was salvation for Natsuki Subaru.

It didn’t matter how many times his heart would be wounded, as long as he could save their lives――

[Subaru: There’s life, if there’s life, there’s a future, if there’s a future, there’s hope, if there’s hope, then there are possibilities. If there are possibilities, then――]

“Echidna: Then people will be saved. You’re in the right. You aren’t wrong. I promise so.”

[Subaru: I don’t particularly need your guarantees, you know…]

Subaru spoke out his innermost thoughts to both cheer himself up, and to caution himself. The witch affirmed, understood, shared and admired that.

While responding aggressively to his words, it was a fact that the witch’s words helped him.

Life, was life. If he was alive, he could start over. He had possibilities. It yielded hope.

Sacrifices were things that were different to Subaru’s life. It was worth continuing to keep using『Returning by Death』all the time if it protected everyone except Subaru’s own life, which was no longer included in his calculations.

―― Even if those who I want to save weep, I still want to save them.

That was the salvation that Subaru had decided to receive by taking the witch’s hand.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Having received the witch’s cruel comfort, Subaru left the courtyard. Witnessing the morning exercises of Reinhardt and Garfiel, had in fact nothing to do with Subaru’s daily routine.  He just happened to pass by the scene, and he had no choice but to call out to them. Subaru’s proper daily routine started in the mansion’s library.

[Subaru: ――Heya, Beatrice. Sorry to intrude.]

Deep within the easternmost part of the mansion, stood a neat library.  When you pushed open one of the heavy double-doors, the first thing that leaped out from the inside was the overwhelming scent of paper. In the dim light of a magic crystal, the narrow shelves were completely filled, drowned under thick stacks of heavy books

The amount of books could be said to be no inferior to what once existed in the『Forbidden Library.』

So, in that case.

Even while knowing that this place wasn’t the『Forbidden Library』that she should be guarding, the little girl remained here, able to see the fragments of her old home within the debris.

[Beatrice: ….]

In the depths of the dark room, in a corner of the library rested the figure of a young girl who hugged her knees to her chest. As soon as he entered the room, he saw her sat on a wooden stepladder. This still vivid memory of her squatting posture, that sense of violation would not vanish, continuing to burn and erode through Subaru’s heart.

Beatrice had pressed her forehead into her knees, still wearing her same dress. Scrunched up like this, the little girl didn’t stir, react or even say anything to Subaru as he entered her room.

But she was not asleep, that much was clear from the fingers of her little body, which were clenched with so much force that they were whitened.

Back then, she had greeted Subaru with poor temperament, but at least when she had greeted him then, it had been with the dignity of a librarian. There were no traces remaining of that frigid expression which had been sustained by the pride of her responsibility.

Scrunching up his eyes at seeing the girl in such a sorry state, Subaru rapidly blinked his eyes to get rid of the emotions that had flitted there for just a moment. Then after putting on a ridiculously animated smile, he threw open the curtains of the library.

Unlike the forbidden library, the room had a physical existence. Naturally, since there was a window, the door couldn’t act as a barrier to prevent trespass. Therefore――

[Subaru: Heyy, Beako. Today’s a splendid morning. There’s a pleasant wind blowing by. You should stop hiding in this musty old room; don’t you feel like playing outside?]

[Beatrice: ….]

[Subaru: If  you don’t want to muddy your dress up by playing outside, then at the very least let’s eat together with everyone. Come to the dining hall like before. It’s not too much to ask, right?]

[Beatrice: ……]

The curtains of the library were torn wide open, and sunlight streamed into the room. Just like the streaming sunlight, Beatrice kept her silence, tilting down her head to Subaru’s requests, who was still smiling quite openly. It felt to Subaru that her arms that were still clutching her knees were as if she was punishing herself.

[Subaru: Hey, Beako….]

[Beatrice: … just shut the hell up, in fact.]

[Subaru: …….]

Unable to bear looking at him, Beatrice spoke this out quite loudly as Subaru tried to approach her.

Her voice sank heavily, as it grew hoarse. But, after hearing her voice, Subaru felt relieved. Because recently, just hearing her voice was a rare occurrence.

When she was depressed, the days were quite many in which he couldn’t exchange even a single word with her. Even words of rejection and denial pleased him.

Casting aside what Subaru was thinking, Beatrice continued without lifting up her face.

[Beatrice: Betty is tired. I’ve already given up, I suppose. I went against mother’s instructions… I broke the contract… and despite that, I’m still alive… why?]

[Subaru: Beatrice…]

[Beatrice : If only you just ditched me back then… Why did you come to help me? Clearly, you’re not… you’re not『They!』]

It’s a resentment that will never disappear, a resentment that can never fade, a penitence that she could never forgive――

In her four hundred years, Beatrice had bore those feelings alone, her heroic consciousness that had refused to relinquish such thoughts had been trampled upon, naturally bringing hatred.

Within the Forbidden Library, was a spirit who had given up her life for her mission, with no room in her heart for hope.

Her eternal life had stripped hope from her, and all she had been given was time to live a life devoid of meaning.

When the Forbidden Library burned down along with the mansion, the place in which she had been indicated to stay was lost forever.

But even so, Beatrice had never once forgotten her responsibility, the one that been abandoned. Her heart which had bore such a relentless sense of responsibility, had been scarred by permanent wounds, steeped in misery.

That is why ever since the night when the Forbidden Library had burnt to ashes, all she could do was crouch in a corner of the library, endlessly sobbing in helplessness.

But still――

[Beatrice: ――hk! Go away! Let go of me, I suppose! Don’t you touch Betty… ―tch!]

Unable to see her small figure, Subaru had wrapped her small body into a hug. Shouting at him when she felt his arm hugging her, Beatrice made no attempt to hide her disgust and rage, scoring Subaru’s neck with her nails. Caught in her merciless attack, drops of blood oozed out of his wound. But still, he didn’t let go.

He hugged her in an attempt to comfort her shivering body. But maybe it was actually Subaru who was looking for comfort by doing that.

[Beatrice: Why did you come to see me, I suppose…! You’re so….you’re so…!]

[Subaru: I’ll be like this no matter how many times you vent your anger at me, it’s fine. Even if the flames of regret don’t seem like they’re vanishing right now, if you keep pouring them out maybe they’ll vanish someday.]

[Beatrice: They’re not… supposed to vanish…! Betty is!]

[Subaru: I’m so glad that you’re alive. So, I’ll always look forward to the day where you’ll once again get sulky in front of me. ――Because that hope still lives in me.]

[Beatrice: ――hk]

Quietly, after those sincere words were exhausted, Beatrice’s resistance subsided. Making a surprised face, Beatrice started to sob, there in body but not in spirit. It was a sign that he couldn’t continue this conversation anymore.

――Once every two weeks, Subaru and Beatrice would exchange anger and stillness like so.

After letting go of her, Beatrice once again buried her forehead into her knees. And after that Subaru couldn’t say anything more to the girl who had retreated into her own shell. Subaru’s words still weren’t able to manage to open the door to her stubborn heart.

Nevertheless, if he beat relentlessly against those doors, maybe one day, they would open. ――The mere possibility of this hope, was hope itself.

[Subaru:… Back then, I wonder if I should have told her I was『They』even if it was a lie.]

Exiting the library and leaving Beatrice behind, whilst keeping his back to the door, Subaru recollected this.

Beatrice had been broken clinging to the hope that Subaru was the『They』in question back during the attack on the mansion. She had been prepared for the end of her long, long mission, but both her fragile hopes and her sorrowful acceptance were smashed to pieces.

Would Subaru have been able to lie to her who had longed for the visit of『They』for 400 years about being『They』just because he could? And in that case, could her heart have been protected without burning it along with the burning Forbidden Library?

“Echidna: The fact that the Forbidden Archive was lost can’t be undone. Accepting the irretrievable loss of all the knowledge without inheritance is quite painful for me, but it couldn’t be helped. Though for you, compared to that knowledge, that Beatrice’s life was saved is what matters most.”

[Subaru: It’s inappropriate that you’d say so. It should be that you alone, have no right to say this.]

Echidna, who was still in the dream world, protested to Subaru who had mentioned his regrets in passing.

But, hadn’t it been Echidna who had entrusted the Forbidden Library to Beatrice, and let her have such a lonely existence for 400 years?

As a result of Echidna setting this duty out to her, Beatrice’s heart had gradually crumbled to pieces. And despite that――

[Subaru: If you hadn’t told her to wait for『They』…!]

“Echidna: Wait a second. No matter how you look at it, isn’t that sidestepping logic? I had my own reasons, and there was a need for it to be done. Of course, responsibility for Beatrice’s long solitude does have to do with me. But, my intent was certainly not one of forcing misfortune upon that child. I do hope you understand.”

[Subaru: Ghg…]

Receiving Echidna’s objections, Subaru hesitated in bursting out in anger. The witch’s words were correct. In the end, when he blamed Echidna, he was just shifting the responsibility from what he couldn’t do himself.

[Subaru: …In the end, who was『They』?]

“Echidna: Regretfully, I can’t let that slip from my mouth. Since the Forbidden Archive is lost, discussing it would be meaningless. Even if we were to find out who it is , he wouldn’t know about that anymore.”

[Subaru: Him… so it’s a man?]

“Echidna: ――Did my mouth slip? But, every way of finding him is gone now. In the first place, say you found them, what would you do? Let Beatrice see them? Or do you intend to impose a sanction on them? In that case, what crime would it be under. The party in concern would certainly be unaware of it, a crime that doesn’t exist can’t be sanctioned. Moreover, it’s not like you have the leisure.”

Irrefutable were Echidna’s conversational tactics, leading Subaru to click his tongue.

As a matter of fact, everything spoken from the Witch were probably correct. He couldn’t find any errors. He couldn’t judge them. Subaru didn’t have the time to do such a thing.

“Echidna: Beatrice truly did spend that time in pity. But, that isn’t to say the future would remain so, and there’s no indication we should think thus. How unexpected, it’s just as you said.”

[Subaru: …]

“Echidna: Even if devastated by regret right now, there will come a day where that child will be freed. At the time, someone will come to accept that child. Perhaps someone that is you, perhaps someone that isn’t. That is the possibility that living offers.”

It was sophistry. It was merely a front of benevolence.

But, that doubtlessly was also hope.

It seemed like cajolery from Echidna, but if there was that possibility, Subaru had no choice but to believe them.

Thus, the witch he was contracted with, no matter how clearly he could see that she cajoled him, he could not deny what she was saying. He could only cling to her, rely on her. As his only accomplice, keeping Subaru from forgetting his sins, was her constant presence.

[Subaru:  Just like parallel lines]

[Echidna: Ah, like parallel lines indeed]

In the end, finishing their conversation thus, were Subaru and Echidna’s manner of confronting their sins. They entrusted hope to the future, believing in the paths to possibility, awaiting the arrival of the ideal day.

It didn’t matter how many chances he had, Subaru would always find himself back in this place. He had dragged out the despairing Beatrice as she tried to stay in the burning mansion, even if she’d lost her Forbidden Library, even if her every day were to be met with relentless tears; he still had wanted her to live.

Even with repeated trial and error in many thousands repetitions of this world, Subaru hadn’t found a way of rescuing Beatrice without letting anyone to die.

Thus, clinging onto hope, he kept walking forward through thick and thin, through thick and thin.

I saved them, I saved them.

Today as well, he made these words his motivation for the future; he wanted hope to flourish.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

[???: Oh myyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy! But if it isn’t Subaru-samaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Did you come from visiting Beatrice?]

[Subaru: ………………]

Suddenly, he heard a voice from behind him as he walked through the corridor. Subaru reflexively stopped in his tracks. He immediately realised who it belonged to from the tone of his voice. It was because of that he regretted stopping, but he couldn’t ignore it because he had already stopped walking. Reluctantly turning around, the other figure stood leisurely, directly behind Subaru.

[Subaru: Is that you, Roswaal?]

[Roswaal: Mhhm. That’s me of course. Good morning. How was Beatrice today?]

[Subaru: …It had been a while since she’s treated me so haughtily. Well, anticipate some progress from now on.]

[Roswaal: I see. … Looks like you took quiiiiiite the beating, though?]

Roswaal narrowed his differently coloured eyes as he received Subaru’s dispirited reply. He was looking at Subaru’s face and neck. On them, were the painful scratches Beatrice had given him with her nails a short while ago.

[Roswaal: Unfortunately, I’ve never been skilled at treating injuries, and I won’t be able to treat those wounds. The ones who can use Healing Magic are just… Beatrice, Garfiel and Emilia-sama.]

[Subaru: It’d be a little difficult to ask it from the first two. I could ask Emilia… well I’ll think about it.]

[Roswaal: If you ask her, I am sure she’ll definitely heal you up. Or perhaps, could it be that maybe your aching wounds give you some comfort right now?]

[Subaru: ….]

In place of the reticent Subaru, each of Roswaal’s discursive words were as painfully sharp as a razor. It was especially so when Roswaal spoke his last words; Subaru narrowed his eyes to it, and Roswaal shrugged his shoulders up in a clown-like gesture.

The clown’s makeup and exotic attire, Roswaal’s appearance and attitude had in no way changed, but he was also decisively different.

Behind the way he addressed Subaru and his attitude towards him there was a certain respect. That served as Roswaal’s, toward the unpredictable existence of Natsuki Subaru, proof that he recognized his utility.

[Roswaal: But, please don’t worry about it. If you make use of your time, I am sure you’ll find a solution;  no matter what the method, you will dedicate yourself in finding the optimal way. If your desire is to save Beatrice’s heart, such a method will one day fall within your grasp. There’s no need at all to feeeeeeel anxious.]

[Subaru: It’s hardly as easy done as said. There isn’t anything so convenient.]

[Roswaal: You’re too modest. ――Besides, I don’t think that it’s easy, yes? But, that mere fact doesn’t cloud all of your achievements so far, that’s all I was saying.]

Respectfully giving a bow, Roswaal gave thorough praise for Subaru’s achievements.

As a matter of fact, only Echidna who was contracted with Subaru knew about his ability of 『Return by Death.』But, Roswaal had an understanding of his ability to be similar to『Redoing.』 Roswaal evaluated that fact and his achievements together.

As Echidna didn’t have any realistic power in the real world, it it was no exaggeration to say that Roswaal that valued Subaru the most in the truest sense.

[Roswaal: At the Royal Capital, at my mansion, and once again at the Royal Capital. And then, at『Sanctuary』, at Pristella. ――You survived those without fail, without loss. Indisputable, are the feats of your achievement. There will come a day, when you will fulfill my long-cherished wish, and for that I will do my utmost to support you. Please make use of it.]

[Subaru: You sure are optimistic. …Don’t be so sure that you can grasp me in the palm of your hands.]

[Roswaal: But, you need the blood of the dragon. Without it, that girl―― Rem will never awaken. Having reached that conclusion, you need Emilia-sama to become king. Isn’t that right?]

Subaru returned the stare with a sharp, cold look to Roswaal’s searching expression,.

It’s a relationship of mutual cooperation established on choppy waters, in which both of them knew each other’s critical points.

Roswaal would accomplish his goal by utilising Subaru’s『Return by Death』as he put Subaru in situations whereby he could achieve this. And though Subaru knew of those intentions, he didn’t have any choice but to advance by them for the sake of saving Rem, who was still sleeping.

[Roswaal: In no way is it a bad deal. You do you, I do me, and in any case we’ll both have our desires become reality. That’s why we make use of each other to that end. That’s all.]

[Subaru: ….]

[Roswaal: My strength should be useful. I devoted about 400 years awaiting this time. And to me, your power is the same… isn’t that so?]

Subaru couldn’t give any objections to Roswaal’s conviction. That was the answer that came out from when he found out about Roswaal’s treachery way back at the『Sanctuary』.  Whether for the sake of the Royal Election, or as a means of blocking against coming hindrances, being without Roswaal’s presence, was absolutely unallowable.

Even if he was just planning on using Subaru to make his own wishes come true.

[Subaru: If you were honest about your true intentions, and you told me what you wanted,  I wouldn’t be so stubborn, I would maybe even be willing to help.]

[Roswaal: What a shame, I’m afraid that’s impossible. You wouldn’t chose that.]

For the sake of slightly easing the sense of urgency, Subaru, who had tried to approach him in a compromise, Roswaal gave him his rejection. Roswaal gave a ostentatious smile towards the Subaru who heard that with widened eyes.

[Roswaal: Being conscious of it would be a disaster, you must always exalt your sole priority. Any obstructions, reasons for stumbling, everything will be judged, and no matter what can be discarded without second thought. And if done, that would be the end. This was all already decided, hence why you’ve become my trump card.]

[Subaru: ….]

[Roswaal: Isn’t this wonderful?  I’ll take care of my side, you’ll take care of yours, freely fulfilling our wishes. If it’s impossible even like this, that merely indicates the desire was insufficient from the one who didn’t fulfill it.]

[Subaru: …Ah, is that so?]

Crazed dedication, was why Roswaal supported his, that much had already been clear. Then, where the root of it came from, his refusal to speak honestly about it was also thus.  With this in mind, Subaru ended the conversation with Roswaal and finally started to walk away. With a posture that showed just how much Roswaal was detached from his heart, Roswaal stopped walking,

[Roswaal: Ahhh, yes. Right about now, Ram will be in Rem’s room. I’m letting you know, just in case.]

[Subaru: …..]

Unable to respond, Subaru turned the corner and escaped from his gaze.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

[Ram: Thank you very much for taking the trouble to visit my lonely sister, Natsuki Subaru-sama]

Ever since the agreement in『Sanctuary』, or perhaps, it might be more accurate to say ever since Natsuki Subaru decided to do things this way.

Ever since that, it was inevitable that numerous changes had occured in the mansion, and on the outside, but amongst them, the biggest change was perhaps hers.

The one who had greeted Subaru as he entered the room was a pink-haired maid who had given him a most profound bow. The one who had spoke this greeting was most certainly Ram.

Though she had been a girl with that had been the very picture of arrogance, after he had overcome the events of『Sanctuary』, she had a sudden shift in her attitude towards Subaru.

[Subaru: No matter how much time passes, I never get used to your attitude.]

[Ram : Again, I am really sorry for how rude I was in the past. Ram’s ignorance and discourtesies caused great inconveniences to Natsuki Subaru-sama. But since Roswaal-sama and Emilia-sama have ordered me to show Natsuki-sama the highest of respect, it won’t happen again; please rest assured]

Without changing her expression, Ram replied to Subaru in a manner dignified as any maid would be. There were no traces of familiarity or a sense of closeness which could be interpreted as friendliness in her behaviour, as there had been once before. There was a wall―― No, if there was a wall he’d be able to climb over it. Here, there was no way of overcoming it; more precisely, it was a distance between worlds than a wall.

Ram held Roswaal in high esteem and adored him. When Roswaal had changed the way he acted towards Subaru, Subaru’s value also greatly changed for Ram. The result was that she now regarded Subaru as someone she showed respect to.

Turning his attention away from that Ram, Subaru walked towards the middle of the room―― the reason why he had came to this room was the blue-haired girl who was sleeping in the bed.

She was lying on her back, her figure unchanged after 2 years―― that girl, was Rem. He had vowed to wake her up, and now he still hadn’t reached the conviction that he’d fulfill that vow. Just time was cruelly leaving the girl behind.

[Subaru: Are there any changes in Rem?]

[Ram: No I’m afraid. She still continues to sleep… There are a lot of problems on your mind, Ram doesn’t have the time to give any attention to her little sister.]

[Subaru: Don’t say such things. There’s absolutely… there’s absolutely no futility in thinking about Rem. Never say that again.]

[Ram: ――Understood sir.]

Ram responded curtly to Subaru’s firm order. Neither dissatisfaction or complaints were there, and neither was relief or gratitude. In regards to her younger sister called Rem, Ram had no actual feelings or appreciation for her. She recognised formally that Rem was her sister, but in the depths of her heart she probably had no room for Rem.

Her heart was completely based on loyalty to Roswaal. Having involved her in Roswaal’s plans, having decided to curb the wishes Ram clung onto, the effects of Subaru’s actions were strong indeed.

Even if Rem were to awaken, would her heart once again have room for her little sister? Would those sisters go back to being the much loved big sister, and her cute little sister.

[Subaru: ――Ukh. Ram, sorry, but let me be alone with Rem.]

[Ram: …as you wish. Please call me if you need anything.]

Grinding his teeth at the shuddering thought, Subaru felt terrified at being in the same room as Ram. Miraculously, before his trembling voice was let out, she had left the room. Fortunately, Ram had left gracefully, leaving him behind only an elegant curtsy without giving any objections to Subaru’s words. And so, only the two of Subaru and Rem were left in the room.

[Subaru: ….Rem.]

[――]

Lying on the bed, the girl simply breathed over and over again in a manner which could not be mere sleep; she doesn’t reply. The fact that her chest was gently rising and falling, and that the blood in her body was warm were the only signs of life within Rem.

All that Subaru could do for Rem when visiting this place was to take her hand and check her weak pulse. And that’s all Subaru can find comfort in, in this moment.

[Subaru: …Echidna.]

“Echidna: For you to call me, is truly a rarity.”

Echidna replied to his call as he sat down by Rem’s bedside, gently holding her hand. The witch who seemed to know all too well about how she would speak without necessarily being called, silently waited for Subaru’s words to be submerged in the warm water of his emotions. The silence would end after ten or so minutes.

[Subaru: The way to wake up Rem is like you told me before, right?]

“Echidna: Yeah. You could question the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』that put her in this sleep. But, I have to say, the likelihood of that is quite low. Finding those guys is next to impossible, and even if you do catch them, finding a way to beat their secrets out of them… Even if you were to just able to find a way to talk to them, maybe it would be easy to find a way to make them open their mouth, if you had the power…”

[Subaru: Ah, that’s right. That’s right of course. If I manage to find them, and catch them, and beat their secrets out of them to reawaken Rem, I can challenge them ten thousands of times. Even so…]

They were nowhere to be found. The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, those despicable blasphemers never showed up anywhere. Even when the Sin Archbishops『Wrath』, 『Lust』and 『Greed』 gathered in the Watergate City of Pristella, the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』did not show up.

Why, why, why, why, why, why, why――

[Subaru: If tracking down『Gluttony』is hopeless, what about the Sage’s tower? If the『Sage』Shaula knows everything, then…]

“Echidna: As a witch, I will say this. Even if you do go to the Pleiades Watchtower, you’ll just be going on a fool’s errand. The『Sage』will not correspond to your expectations. On the contrary, there’s even the possibility that the『Sage』will not allow your presence. Even you should not wish to drop in there to die in vain, right?”

He was denied once. He was denied twice. He was stuck. Getting help from the『Sage』was a no go. The Archbishops of『Gluttony』were nowhere to be found. Subaru’s wishes were denied politely by the『Witch of Greed』. Then, what on earth should he do――

“Echidna: So, you have no choice but to get the blood of the dragon”

[Subaru: With the blood of the dragon, we can wake up Rem.]

“Echidna: I refer to the Divine Dragon’s. Using its omnipotent power kept in its blood, I think you should be able to release the girl’s soul from her sleep.”

Echidna’s words were no more than a conjecture. But it was a convincing conjecture. Though she had said them with an air of avoiding them as being fact, the witch’s words were fairly encouraging. Thus for now, Subaru believed that this was the way to save Rem.

The blood of the dragon was considered one of the treasures which the『Divine Dragon』Volcanica granted to the Kingdom of Lugnica. It brought plentiful harvest to the lands, and kept away every disease, and had the possibility to grant miracles.

It could only be used by people with the highest pedigrees of social status in the kingdom. In other words it was those who――

[Subaru: You get it if you ascend to the throne.]

“Echidna: Of course. That’s why you have to make her.. You absolutely must make Emilia king.”

[Subaru: …….]

“Echidna: Back Emilia, back her and make her king whilst you help the people you wish to save. And when you get ahold of the dragon’s blood, you will be able to save Rem.”

Echidna’s words pour into Subaru’s mind like poison. He has to make Emilia king in order to save Rem. Making Emilia king was one of Subaru’s aims that he wanted to meet to fulfill Emilia’s wishes.

It was of utmost importance. Supporting Emilia would lead to saving Rem.

To make Emilia king, to save Rem. As a result, Rem would be saved thanks to Subaru wanting to make Emilia king. Therefore――

“Echidna: Therefore…”

[Subaru: Stop, you idiot. … Don’t try and swing my determination like that every time you can. Why are you trying to place Emilia under me like that?]

“Echidna: But that wasn’t my intention?”

[Subaru: You’re not very convincing. We’ve repeated this conversation many times, tens of times, hundreds of times.]

The witch often times poured poison into his mind similar as if she was brainwashing him. In a way to change Subaru’s aims, and lessen the value of Emilia. But that was something that Subaru could not let go. It they differed in this, Natsuki Subaru would lose his qualification to step on his own corpses that have been slaughtered so far.

[Subaru: You shouldn’t jam us between your own selfishness. No matter what you harbour against Emilia.]

“Echidna: You’re misunderstanding me. Well, it doesn’t matter how much I say, you won’t believe it… just like parallel lines.”

[Subaru: It’s better to say that we never agree with each other, like parallel lines, even if it’s a conversation that we repeat a lot.]

There were things which could not be relinquished in his cooperative relationship with Echidna. The witch claimed to be Subaru’s accomplice, and by lending Subaru her wisdom as a contribution, she planned to use not only Subaru’s 『Return by Death』, but also his way of life. Although, thanks to her ingenuous side, those poisonous fangs did not reach him, and thus they were in a state of stalemate.

[Subaru: I’ll get my hands on the dragon’s blood. By making Emilia king. ――But it’s not something I’m doing just while saving Rem. Making Emilia King is intrinsic with saving Rem, so my original intentions haven’t changed. Make no mistakes there.]

“Echidna: Mymy. As if I have any complaints dancing to your tune from time to time. You know, I need you to let your guard down a little, otherwise I won’t be able to save face as a witch.”

[Subaru: The way you execute your endgame is soft. Or rather, perhaps, when it comes to you, I’d say you’re soft at the core. You’re not suited to be a complete villain. That’s how I am saved.]

“Echidna: I see. I will try to keep that in mind.”

Echidna admitted her defeat with no great objection. Even if she could made use of this lesson next time, she probably wouldn’t be able to. To ask why, the answer would be that. Because it’s not something that can be changed.

Natsuki Subaru was Natsuki Subaru no matter what befell him. The『Witch of Greed』Echidna could only be the『Witch of Greed』Echidna.

Using the nature that they could never be capable of changing as weapons. Because in life, victory or defeat could only be found in the cards they were dealt.

[Subaru: ――Wait for me, Rem. For sure, I will wake you up. That’s why…]

――No matter how many times he dies.

His resolve was no exaggeration, the stakes he presented were quite trivial. Regardless of how many times he threw it away, he would continue giving his inextinguishable life away. If that eventually led to her waking up, he would feel no regrets.

Just that much, just that much, just that would be good enough.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――After returning from visiting Beatrice’s library, and Rem’s bedroom, he had now reached the end of his daily routine.

Subaru knocked on the room’s door with a rap-rap-rap. Then there was a knock from the inside that returned the knock. Without replying, they knocked. Replying to it, Subaru once again gave another knock. And that was met by the other person immediately knocking back. Knock knock knock knock knock――

???: [――Jeez, how long are you going to do that for! It’s making me reaaaaally anxious]

The one who who had lost their patience just a few moments ago was the one in the room. The door opened from the inside, and the face of a beautiful girl with amethyst eyes and silver hair could be seen―― she was the embodiment of supreme beauty that forever continued to encaptivate everything.

Art Source

If she showed her face whilst puffing her rosy cheeks, she would give an impression of tenderness rather than of beauty. Suddenly, Subaru started to laugh.

[Emilia: Ah, what are you laughing for? Ugh, Subaru’s such a twit.]

[Subaru: Twit… no one says that word anymore these days. It was Emilia-tan that started to return the knocks just before. I just went with the flow.]

[Emilia: You say it like that. Hmph, whatever. Then if it’s like that, I just won’t let Subaru into my room.]

Emilia tried to close the door, her face etched with annoyance when she heard Subaru speaking through his laughter. Seeing that, Subaru became anxious and put his hand in between the door――

[Subaru: OWWW]

[Emilia: Ah! Subaru, are you okay!?]

Emilia jumped at Subaru’s over-exaggerated shriek of pain after having had his fingers jammed in the door. Quickly jumping out of the room, she hurriedly grabbed Subaru’s aching right hand, and,

[Emilia: *Nom nom nom*]

[Subaru: Ehh, Emilia-tan!? Isn’t that a little bold!?]

[Emilia: Mmphphnn, mmhmhhmhpphhnomnomnomnomnom]

Whatever he was saying was muffled by Emilia’s angered reaction, and by her sharp amethyst eyes. Emilia’s soft lips wrapped themselves around the sore fingers of Subaru’s right hand. In between her soft lips, he realised that Emilia’s warm tongue was gently tracing the numb pain which racked Subaru’s fingers.

A sensual shiver traveled up Subaru’s spine.

[Emilia: Mhm….that should be fine I think. Subaru, it must’ve hurt…. Hey, why is your face bright red?]

[Subaru: I can’t help acting like a young teen, or how should I put it… it was such an unexpected development… uhh, well, I’m okay. Thank you very much. This should be good enough for me.]

[Emilia: ――? I’m not sure if I understood that, but I should start using my healing magic, right?]

Emilia’s face broke out in confusion as Subaru bowed down his head, sticking up his fingers which had been licked. However, she immediately changed her awareness, and began to heal Subaru’s fingers with a light blue surge of magic. She completely cured the pain that had been softened by Emilia’s tongue. After that…all that remained for Subaru was how he would clean up his fingers which were drenched in saliva.

[Subaru: I’ll wipe them on my clothes… Wait no, that would be gross. Having said that, I’m not advanced enough to lick them so majestically…!? But, if I let this chance escape…]

[Emilia: Ah, sorry. I got them covered in my drool. Yep, all clean now.]

[Subaru: Damnit――!? It was a choice with a time restriction――!?]

Not even taking note of the astonished Subaru, Emilia wiped Subaru’s fingers with her handkerchief with great delight. And after that, she suddenly looked at Subaru’s neck; her eyes blinked rapidly.

Beatrice’s scratchmarks had been left there without curing them. Emilia had noticed them with her sharp eyes, she gently placed her white fingers on those wounds,

[Emilia: Subaru, that looks painful. What happened here?]

[Subaru: Ah, Aaaah, This? I just got my neck caught on something on the way here…]

[Emilia: Liar.]

She interrupted Subaru’s words as he had been trying to smooth over the situation; Emilia spoke just that one word. She opened her eyes wide open and stroked Subaru’s wounds with her fingers over and over again. And then, she muttered just one thing.

[Emilia: It was Beatrice, wasn’t it?]

Suddenly saying that, Emilia’s voice was frozen of all emotion.

In an instant, a large quantity of pure white strength surged from Emilia’s body. It swept down the mansion’s hallway in one fell swoop and Subaru’s skin was caressed by a great burning cold.

The air froze, the chill caused the air to crackle, and Subaru said in a panic:

[Subaru: Emilia! Emilia, calm down! Everything is okay, everything is okay!]

[Emilia: …..]

[Subaru: Emilia! Look at me!]

[Emilia ――Ah]

He forcibly stretched his arms out and hugged the girl’s trembling body as he called out to her. He called out Emilia’s name many many times to her ear. He was pressed up right next to her as he shouted with his own reflection visible in her amethyst eyes.

To his voice, Emilia’s eyes shifted out of focus and a small whimper leaked out of her voice.

In an instant, the cold air that was spreading out all around the mansion’s top floor vanished. And even the overwhelming pressure surrounding everything vanished. Things went back to as they were before.

[Subaru: Th― That was dangerous. A little more of that, and Reinhardt would have come rushing in…]

[Emilia I… I… n-now… eh…?]

[Subaru: It’s okay, it’s okay. Emilia-tan is a good girl, a good girl, everything is okay.]

Rolling his eyes, Subaru sat down to face Emilia who had sat down on the floor. As she clutched her head, unable to digest what had happened, Subaru patted her on the back many times in an attempt to calm her down.

Gradually, Emilia’s breathing regained its composure, and then she looked at Subaru’s face timidly and said:

[Emilia: S-sorry? I.. acted weird again…]

[Subaru: It’s alright. Because any troubles hoisted by Emilia-tan aren’t troubles at all. That’s the role I want to take. Don’t worry.]

[Emilia: Y-yeah.]

Emilia nodded happily at Subaru’s words. Subaru would not let go of her body until her heart truly settled down.

――Emilia’s emotional instability was influenced by the fact that she couldn’t surmount the『Trials』of the『Sanctuary』.

In the end, he didn’t know what she saw in the First『Trial』which showed glimpses of one’s past. Nevertheless, whatever memories she saw broke Emilia’s heart into pieces and crushed her strength to stand up strong. And as she couldn’t overcome the trials, Subaru completed them himself.

Therefore, Emilia’s  progress was probably still trapped in the graveyard even now.

But, no matter for how long she rejects everything, and no matter how long she mourns, time kept going on. And neither the world, nor her surroundings, nor anyone would let her off with her stagnation. That’s why Subaru continued to take Emilia by the hand, even when she’d halted to a stop.

[Emilia: Sorry, Subaru. I’m still causing Subaru trouble…]

[Subaru: It’s okay, it’s no problemo, no problem at all. Rather, it makes me feel welcome.]

[Emilia: …hehe, aww, Subaru. Mhm, thank you. I’m okay, I’ve calmed down.]

With a brief hug, Emilia lifted her face from Subaru’s chest. The girl’s warmth left his chest, and Subaru stiffened his lips with a regretful look.

[Subaru: Damnit. I wanted to enjoy Emilia-tan’s softness just a little while more.]

[Emilia: Huuh, would that be better? If Subaru says so, I will do so.]

[Subaru: Nononono, it’s fine. You see, this is a trick I use quite often to cope with dissatisfaction. Gorging yourself until full is for cattle. I think rather than a pig in its sty, I’m more like a wolf who is chasing after its prey.]

[Emilia: That may be so. I also think Subaru is closer to a dog than a pig.]

[Subaru: But, isn’t it a whole different story when it comes to dogs and pigs!?]

Subaru calmed down Emilia with this absurd exchange. She now had a smile back on her face. Luckily, it seemed like she had forgotten the anger she had shown just a few moments ago at his wounds.

“Echidna: I can’t bear to look at this.”

[Subaru: Shut up.]

[Emilia: ――Huh?]

[Subaru: Ah, I wasn’t saying that to Emilia-tan. Sorry, I was talking to myself.]

Subaru instinctively replied to Echidna’s sudden thought waves, surprising Emilia. Naturally, the thoughts through the crystal stone reached only Subaru. Echidna’s contempt and disdain, who openly expressed her dislike for the state Emilia was in, also only reached Subaru.

[Emilia: W― would it be better for me to shut up? If that’s what Subaru wants, I will do my best to stay quiet…]

[Subaru: It’s not like that! It’s fine, so let’s talk a lot, okay? It’s okay if you talk.]

[Emilia: …Really?]

Emilia’s amethyst eyes started to swell with tears. And when Subaru nodded, Emilia let out a sigh of relief, once again taking Subaru’s hand.

[Emilia: Well then, tell me Subaru. ――What should I do today?]

[Subaru: …….]

[Emilia: Yesterday, I finished studying in my room as you told me to do. If it’s something Subaru says, there’s no doubt I will do it. So, can you tell me what should I do today?]

――She does what Subaru says, if it’s Subaru she will make no mistakes, she believed in Subaru.

Subaru struggled to keep his fake smile from disappearing from his face when he heard those words slip out of Emilia’s mouth. The efficacy of his smile which he had practised in front of the mirror was shown here. Thanks to that, Emilia didn’t harbour any distrust or suspicion; she was just waiting with her eyes shining brightly for Subaru’s response.

Emilia, who had been setback by the『Trials』of the Graveyard was trying to protect her heart by completely relying on Subaru.

It was quite natural.

By using the power of『Return by Death』, Subaru had completely eliminated all the obstacles that stood before Emilia. He had understood that Emilia had not contradicted how she had gained his trust―― he had gotten this far doing that. Emilia’s heart clung to Subaru, and having recognised that she was in such a terribly unstable state he had tried to 『Return by Death』, but no matter how much he tried, he couldn’t return back to the『Sanctuary』.

But still, Subaru didn’t think this situation was the worst.

[Subaru: Well then, I’ll please ask this of Emilia-tan. Today, just like yesterday, keep up your studies! If I do something important again, I’ll let you know beforehand.]

[Emilia: Like in Pristella?]

[Subaru: Yeah, like in Pristella. Until then, you need to keep learning. Preparing for an emergency, and boosting your own morale, those are assuredly the most important things Emilia-tan can do now.]

[Emilia: Mhm, yup, understood Subaru-sensei. I will do as ordered. So could you――]

Emilia enthusiastically agreed with Subaru, who had put on this dramatic spiel. Emilia had accepted his command with something resembling a salute trailed off her words at the end…

[Emilia: So could you stroke my head, if I do that?]

[Subaru: ……]

Emilia said this with embarrassment and a trace of anxiety in her eyes which were peeking at Subaru. Subaru gulped seeing her figure, and just for a moment he stood stock still. If that moment continued for any longer, it’d be easy to imagine the despair creeping into her eyes.

But, luckily Subaru had put on a smile before that could happen.

[Subaru: Of course? But what if I ask for permission to touch Emilia-tan’s silver hair?]

[Emilia: ――? If Subaru wants to touch it, he can touch it any time he wants…]

[Subaru: S―i―n―c―e! Since it mustn’t come as a reward. When good things happen, then I can promise to. I will stroke Emilia-tan. Okay?]

[Emilia: Mhm, oookay]

Emilia awkwardly nodded to Subaru’s confirmation as he gave her a thumbs up and smiled showing his brilliant teeth. And then, still holding Subaru’s hand without wanting to let go――

[Emilia: Alright, I’ll go back to my room.]

[Subaru: Aaah, since Petra will bring the food up, let’s eat together.]

[Emilia: Yeah, I’ll be waiting. Well, I’ll see you later!]

Moving her hand away, Emilia went back into her room. ――Seeing her silver hair which had now been cut short which moved as one, Subaru resisted the urge to let out a long sigh. When the door shut behind her, Subaru and Emilia’s connection was physically cut away.

“Echidna: Good grief, there are bounds even for ugliness.”

[Subaru: ……]

As soon as Emilia’s figure disappeared, Echidna started her abuse. Subaru does not deign to reply to her words smeared in revulsion. He had learnt to never say anything about it from the time he had entered this relationship with Echidna, it was a way to cope with how Echidna treat her.

Don’t talk back, and she won’t talk back to you. By maintaining that stubborn attitude, the witch would perceive it as a waste to open her mouth and would stay silent.

Only when it came to Emilia could Echidna absolutely not be counted on. And when it came to the relationship between Subaru and Emilia, though it didn’t seem as if it had changed from before, it was still different, and right now he didn’t have time to fix it.

“Echidna: It would be more convenient for you if she was a doll who would just do what you said, isn’t that right?”

[Subaru: ――hgh]

His throat clogged up at her cruel observation, Subaru regretted that he had shown a reaction to it. They were words he shouldn’t give any reaction to, however, they were words that he wasn’t able to deny.

Protecting their lives, protecting the future, protecting hope, and protecting the possibility.

That’s why he was sacrificing Emilia’s heart of『now.』Because Subaru was aware that he would not stop at just Emilia.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

He declined to join breakfast at the dining hall with the Emilia camp, Petra who had been on meal duty looked disappointed but, she carried the meals up to the room for Emilia and Subaru.

While they eat, Subaru followed up what the mentally unstable Emilia had been doing and when finally dinner came to an end, Emilia obediently headed to her desk as instructed by Subaru.

[Emilia: I need to do what Subaru says to become a good king.]

Saying that, Emilia psyched herself up, and Subaru left her room. Having delegated some of Roswaal’s Official Work to her, Emilia’s knowledge for the Royal Selection was a lot better than the first time he had met her. The fruits of her effort were proven day by day. However――

“Echidna: For anything that happens, in the end she’ll always come to seek your approval. An awfully interesting way to raise a king.”

[Subaru: Shut up]

“Echidna: You’re harbouring unease for it, allowing her to sit on the throne in that state, you know it’ll always be turbulent. However, you have no other choice but to do so.”

Having left Emilia’s room, Echidna’s words dripped poison into Subaru’s ears as he walked down the mansion’s corridors. It was true that Emilia’s soul had become unstable, and the willpower she had at the start of the Royal Selection had been greatly shook. But still, she would definitely sit upon The Kingdom of Lugnica’s throne.

And Natsuki Subaru will make sure he does that.

Repeatedly『Returning by Death』and removing every hardship that crop up in front of her, he will be able to dismiss any kind of impediments in her way and make it so that Emilia’s ambitions are fulfilled.

And doing so is not just related to Emilia’s desires, but also to saving Rem. Supporting Emilia, saving Rem, keeping the people close to him away from pain. ――Wasn’t this exactly the very future Natsuki Subaru wanted when he made the contract with the witch?

―― I’m sorry, Natsuki-san. This is farewell.

[Subaru …..]

Suddenly, a voice rang out, not within his eardrums, but within his mind. Subaru stopped in his tracks. Turning his head back, he saw no one in his surroundings. He thought it may have been the bad tastes of the witch, but that couldn’t have been her thought waves. It was something far different, it was a call from his own memories.

The voice continued to speak.

――I uhm, Natsuki-san. Even though things are like this, I thought of you as my benefactor. I thought of you as a person I owed a great debt to which I wanted to pay as soon as possible.

The voice continued to speak.

――But, I saw your decision and I understand it. You don’t want anyone’s help, and on the contrary, you’re going to try and somehow do everything by yourself, and you can do it.

The voice continued to speak.

――Therefore, this is my way of returning the favour. Since you probably will try to protect everyone who you are close to, I will take my leave.

The voice continued to speak.

――Well then, goodbye, Natsuki-san. Take care of yourself.

The voice continued to speak.

――I thought of you as my friend.

The voice continued to speak.

――You wouldn’t have thought that though.

[Subaru: ――HK!]

Just as the last of his words resounded in his mind, Subaru punched the wall next to him with all his might. A dull clunking sound resounded throughout the corridor, and Subaru’s hand cracked pitifully. As blood spread down his fist, Subaru breathed out a ragged sigh and put his other hand to his head.

Those were the words that Otto Suwen left behind that he would never forget. Subaru made it through the『Sanctuary』, chased away the Sizeable Hare Witchbeast, took Beatrice out of the burning mansion and overcame all of these events. And then Otto said that to him and left the mansion.

And even if more than a year had passed since then, his back in the moment he left never disappeared from Subaru’s mind. It seemed as if he’d condemned Subaru for choosing to save everyone.

“Echidna: But, you didn’t stop him. The fact that there were fewer people to protect would have been a blessing for you.”

[Subaru: No. Such a motive spurn from just calculation wasn’t the reason why I didn’t stop him. It was just because I respected the guy’s intention. From the start, he was a guy who had no reason to stay here.]

He was trying to repay him for purchasing his cargo and saving him from the Witch Cult. But, he had already repaid Subaru by having driven the Dragon Carriage to where Emilia was about to be blown up.

And when it came to the cargo, even when they had exchanged the right amount of money, it hadn’t been a loan.

Otto Suwen had no reason to cooperate with the Emilia camp. If he had stayed here without reason, he wouldn’t leave the place anymore, and would continue being a merchant only for himself here.

Therefore, he did not stop him when he decided to leave. Besides, even though Otto’s『Divine Protection of Soul Language』was useful, it was not indispensable to win the Royal Selection.

In the first place, if he continued to be associated with the Emilia Camp, he’d still be in the danger from both the『Witch Cult』and the『Royal Selection.』It was better for Otto to have left here. After that, he didn’t ever hear of him again. They had talked to each other only for two weeks, so it wasn’t that that big of a deal.

Natsuki Subaru had others he had to protect by throwing away his life.

[Subaru: ……]

Stepping on the blood that was dripping down his shoes, Subaru shook his head and started to walk. Recently, a number of thoughts had been perturbing his thoughts. It was frustrating. It was irritating. More than anything, Echidna was taking advantage of it.

There were countless things to think about. He had no time to remain shut within his own mind.

He must choose the best, the very best, the ideal, the optimum choice.

And despite that he――

[Subaru: …..]

He came out of the corridor at a brisk pace, and found himself back at his own room. He couldn’t let anyone see his face right now. Natsuki Subaru was calm, Natsuki Subaru was rational, Natsuki Subaru was optimistic, there was nothing different about him than usual. As things are, everyone in the mansion must believe these things. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to protect those he wanted to protect――

[???: Oh my, it seems like you came back in a hurry.]

He went into the room, and closed the door behind him. Subaru lifted his head up towards the voice that was coming from within the room. Gazing at Subaru, the『Dark-haired Woman』was sitting on his bed smiling sweetly. She gently brushed her hand across her long, braided black hair.

[*Dark-haired Woman*: I should have been back on time, seeing you here, it seems I’m in quite the pickle.]

[Subaru: ――Elsa.]

[Elsa: Yeah, that’s right. The『Bowel Hunter』, Elsa Granhiert; I immediately came running, as Master ordered. ――I wonder, is there trouble?]

Saying that, the beautiful woman clad in a rather revealing black garment that exposed her feminine body alluringly tilted her head towards him―― It was Elsa, the alluring assassin whose figure emitted a poisonous aura.

Subaru easily accepted the woman who had entered the room without giving off any sounds or traces; he was not at all surprised.  And that’s because it was…

It was natural. She was not an enemy. Even though she wasn’t an ally he could relax his guard around, she was still an ally.

In any case――

[Subaru: I helped you out of the burning mansion. I give you work because of that.]

[Elsa: I understand. I don’t have any issues with you now that you’re my employer. I request only that you chose things that don’t go as far as being against my hobbies …but for now, I have no complaints.]

Pulling out her Kukri Knife holstered at her waist, Elsa burst out laughing, emitting a rather dark radiance. She was currently collaborating to provide information for the camp by working behind the scenes.

Emilia who stood as the head of the camp, an incorruptible symbol. Reinhardt who was the『Sword Saint』, subject to unwavering public opinion. And, Natsuki Subaru, who had surmounted and stopped many difficult situations with zero damage.

Unlike those three, who couldn’t act freely lest they tarnish their reputation, Elsa had many opportunities to get her dirty hands dirty. Of course, although you could call it dirty work, the work she did wasn’t necessarily evil――

[Subaru: So, how did it go?]

[Elsa: I’m sorry to report, but, it seems like『Gluttony』was nowhere to be seen at the place you sent me to. There was nothing but rabbles of ordinary Witch Cultists there… although, I did set them all free.]

[Subaru: Aah. You can do as you like. …But… In the end, it was a dud?]

Subaru frowned, and sighed at Elsa’s report who had delivered it whilst licking her red lips. Again, he hadn’t been able to reach the limit. Even if he was trying to capture the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, he couldn’t reach them no matter how much he tried.

[Subaru: In the end, only『Greed』has been killed.]

[Elsa: That, and『Wrath』was captured. I think that was a success, but I guess it might not be for you.]

[Subaru: …Anyway, I understood your report. For now, stay on standby until I need you again. I will get in touch with you from here once more when I want to request something of you again.]

[Elsa: Okay. ――Well, I suppose I’ll have to wait.]

Without further replying to Elsa’s words, Subaru quickly gave her his instructions. Receiving his instructions, she stood up without any particular care to them, and walked towards the window.

Since Subaru’s room was on the third floor of the mansion, she had probably came in through the window. Subaru felt no surprise at her acrobatics――

[Subaru: Ah, wait, Elsa. There’s one more thing I want you to tell me.]

[Elsa: ――? What may that be, I don’t really know anything of much importance.]

[Subaru: This isn’t anything too important. If you came from outside… how was the weather beyond the forest? Was it raining or was it clear?]

[Elsa: The weather? Eeh, there was no particular issue with it. Although there are clouds out, there’s no need to worry about it getting worse. Is that all?]

[Subaru: No…]

Cocking his head to the side, Subaru gazed at the Magic Hour Crystal in his room. Right now, it was already the time of fire―― It had already gone past 7 O’clock Solartime and was now way past noon.

To make sure of this, Subaru walked towards where Elsa was, her feet placed on the windowsill.

[Subaru: I want to ask you to do something. ――Please lop off my head with that knife.]

[Elsa: ――Your head… I wonder… have you lost it already?]

[Subaru: Are you calling me insane? I’m just asking you to do something that has to be done.]

Elsa curiously widened her eyes at Subaru’s remarks, and then let out a ferocious presence. But, Subaru’s attitude remained unflinching as the sun’s rays bathed him. Seeing that, Elsa shrugged her shoulders.

[Elsa: As a rule of thumb, people who have their heads lopped off typically die you know.]

[Subaru: I suppose I also apply to that rule. I don’t know about you though.]

[Elsa: I think I would also die if my head were to come off. …Are you sure about this?]

[Subaru: I should have said this when I helped you. ――I will ask for a single unrelated thing, so listen to what I have to say then. Right now’s the time.]

All of a sudden, Elsa narrowed her eyes at Subaru repeating himself. And then, picking up her arme de guerre, she started to twirl the sharp blade of her Kukri Knife around the palm of her hand,

[Elsa: Any last words?]

[Subaru: Make it painless.]

[Elsa: …..]

[Subaru: Ah, also, after I die you can do whatever you want with my guts, but don’t lay a finger on anyone in the mansion. Well in any case, that’s why I have Reinhardt arou―]

Before he could finish his words, Elsa’s arm cut through the wind. For a moment, Subaru’s field of vision was toppled over. As the view around the room spun around, he saw blood splashing in the familiar room, and

―― Aah, cleaning the room is going to be hard on Petra.

As he thought that, Subaru’s life blinked out.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――When he woke up from his empty dream, Subaru always experienced a suffocating sensation.

However, his release from there was too early. Perhaps, it was because Natsuki Subaru was reconstructed in a different way when waking from his sleep.

[Subaru: ……]

Subaru jerked up violently, placing his hand against his forehead which was drenched in sweat. It was colder than the sweat you get when sleeping, closer to the cold sweat he’d get when losing his life.

In any case, Subaru’s body was on top of the sofa in his own room, and the sunshine was streaming in from the window.

[Subaru: Is it… morning?]

Touching his neck which should have been cut, Subaru rose slowly. Cocking his head, he checked to make sure that his head wasn’t lolling about somewhere on the floor, he checked the time using the Magical Hour Crystal which was above his door.

The crystal was glowing a light green, showing that the time was was early morning. Then the question that remained was『Which』morning was it?

[Subaru: …………..]

To find that out, Subaru touched the pendant he was wearing. The black crystal was fastened by a chain which connected Subaru’s reality with the Dream Castle.

A warm sensation and a pulse streamed through the crystal which he held in the palm of his hand. When Subaru’s pulse coincided with it, and when the white light appeared, it was proof that the world had completely changed.

[Subaru: ………….]

When he opened his eyes, Subaru once again was standing in the middle of the vast grassy plain. When he turned his head back, the hillock was there. Right besides the flower garden, underneath the parasol, on the other side of the white table, he could see the witch garbed in black clothes facing towards the white table sipping from her cup.

Going up the hill, he headed down towards where the witch was.

[Subaru: Hey, what day…]

[Echidna: …….]

Placing his hands on the table, he snarled this at the witch who was gracefully continuing her tea-time. However, she didn’t say anything back, she simply silently pointed at the seat across from her. That chair was empty, and a cup of tea had been prepared for the visitor. That was the minimum condition for participating in her tea party presented to Subaru――

[Subaru: Damn it, I’ll drink it, I’ll drink it!]

Grabbing the cup whilst smacking his lips, Subaru gulped down all of his tea in one swig. And just when he opened his eyes wide open from the warmth of the freshly prepared tea,

[Subaru: Ghhhuaa――!?]

[Echidna: Whoaa―!? Just a second, just a second. You do know that you didn’t really have to do that?]

[Subaru: Shut up! Playing the part of a witch that’s difficult to please, this only happened because you insist on such problematic processes…. ――Ghha, ghhk gh]

Subaru was choking on his tea which had gone down his windpipe, even Echidna stood up from her seat in a rush. Then she put her hand on Subaru’s back and continued rubbing his back until his cough subsided. Whilst spluttering, Subaru said,

[Subaru: Eh, what about the tea?]

[Echidna: Hh, it’s fine this time. Also, the tea I worked so hard to brew, was puked out by you, I really can’t put anything past you. And the table too, letting it stay dirtied like this is a pity.]

Echidna shook her head at Subaru trying to correct his transgression whilst he wiped his mouth. The witch looked at the table that had been stained by the tea Subaru spat out and lightly clicked her fingers. And then, the table started to come apart as if it was melting, until it vanished into dust.

[Echidna: Come now, you even dirtied the chair a bit. A man who’d dare to make me stand while talking is rare indeed… truly, you’re a sinful man.]

[Subaru: Choking and spitting out the tea is no big deal! ――Compared to that, we have more important things to discuss.]

Casting aside his banter with Echidna who teased him, Subaru pointed his finger up. What he had to confirm was just one thing.

[Subaru: What day is it today? It must be.. The 14th of Kisdam, right?]

[Echidna: ….]

[Subaru: Echidna?]

[Echidna: I just wanted to make you a bit anxious. If you are too impatient, things will escape from you.]

[Subaru: ――Echidna]

He had no time for the witch’s games. Echidna responded to Subaru with a shrug of her shoulders and said,

[Echidna: That’s correct. Don’t worry. Your『Death』brought you back to the morning of this day. It looks like your latest starting point was affixed to the morning of this day. Were you sure of that?]

Answering Subaru’s question, Echidna counterattacked it from her own side. On the other hand, Subaru was relieved that he had confirmed it was the same morning that he had『Returned by Death』to. And with that peace of mind, he shook his head at Echidna’s question.

[Subaru: No, I wasn’t particularly sure. At the worst, I thought I’d gone back to the previous save point.]

[Echidna: Your previous one was set at two months ago. You did so many good things using your powers.]

[Subaru: Maybe. Even Elsa is surprised every time, what an unfathomable feeling.]

Nonetheless, even the assassin Elsa questioned the sanity of her employer, when he asked her to kill him. Even so, she immediately put aside her indecision and obeyed; she was an excellent means of using『Return by Death』in an emergency.

[Subaru: It’s just that my『Return by Death』led back to this morning.]

[Echidna: That’s right. So it seems… If that’s the case, it looks like problems may soon spring forth again.]

Closing her eyes, Echidna agreed with the frowning Subaru’s remarks. The starting point of his 『Return by Death』, and the shift of his new save point. That was the harbinger of hardships ahead which couldn’t be overcome without having『Return by Death』

In other words, that meant――

[Subaru: I’ll still have to borrow your strength, right?]

[Echidna: It’s nothing, that’s our contract. Besides, to date, lending you my strength hasn’t done much. ――At best, I can try and meddle for you from here with all of my might.]

[Subaru: With all your might… it’d be nice if you could help me with just that]

[Echidna: …A witch wouldn’t fall under someone’s palm. If I simply do as instructed, it’ll set a poor example for the other witches.]

Averting her gaze, Echidna let out her words in with something like embarrassment as she streamed her fingers through her long white hair. Although Subaru didn’t remember perceiving in her figure something like the ringing of her chest, he felt as if he had seen something nice before the eves of battle.

[Subaru: Anyhow, I will count on you,『Witch of Greed.』]

[Echidna: I am sure you will. I will wait here for you to affront the impending turmoil. If you are able to, being more cooperative in satisfying my endless curiosity would make me happy indeed…]

[Subaru: I refuse to do that. If I went along with satisfying your endless curiosity, it’d be just a matter of time until the human parts of me wither and die. Who would try to satisfy you in trying out infinite choices?]

[Echidna: Truly a pity.]

It seemed that, with Echidna’s light-hearted gesture, the tea break before the upcoming battle had ended. The point of『Return by Death』had changed unexpectedly, but in a sense, this meant he had gotten a chance to give the first strike.

[Subaru: If I use『Return by Death』to make the first strike, could I make a surprise attack?]

Musing about this, Subaru went down the hill and moved towards the door that would take him back to reality. Echidna softly raised her voice to him, behind his back.

[Echidna: Come to think of it…]

[Subaru: Yeah?]

[Echidna: If you hadn’t grasped that the point of『Return by Death』changed, why did you expressly use『Return by Death』?]

[Subaru: Aah, that was because――]

Because――

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Going through the dream world’s door, Natsuki Subaru consciousness spiraled back towards reality.

[Subaru: ……]

Looking up at above the door, the time shown by the Magical Hour Crystal hadn’t changed since before. As always, Subaru headed towards the bathroom. He washed his face, brushed his teeth, took the trouble to put on his fake smile, and finally quickly changed his clothes. And, just as he finished…

[???: … Subaru-sama, are you awake?]

The sound of a knock from outside his room reached him, and Subaru got up from the sofa on-time. Then, putting his hand on the door, he opened the door.

[???: I―]

[Subaru: Hey, good morning, Petra. You look cute this morning too.]

The door opened abruptly and Petra stood on the other side, her eyes wide open. But, after realising that Subaru was just teasing her, she laughed.

[Petra: Jeez, please don’t surprise me like that.]

[Subaru: I’m sorry I’m sorry. Well, Petra. Aren’t you going to greet me?]

[Petra: Really, you can’t regret it even a little? Hmph… okay, good morning, Subaru-sama. Today is once again a splendid morning you know.]

Without mentioning Subaru’s frivolous attitude, Petra continued to give him her lovely smile. Her words were exactly the same as the morning before『Returning by Death』. That being so, the next things she would say be exactly the same.

[Subaru: I agree, it’s a splendid morning. Today too, Petra looks cute, I don’t even need to say it.]

[Petra: Subaru’s still saying such things.… Ah, but there are clouds hanging over the sky beyond the forest, it seems that the weather may get worse this afternoon. I have plans to go shopping this afternoon, I hope it’ll stay sunnyyyyyy]

He listened to the girl talk about what she wanted to do, speaking in a manner which befitted her age. Subaru started to laugh. Seeing that, Petra puffed out her cheeks, but Subaru hastily replied with a, [I’m sorry, I’m sorry] and continued to speak,

[Subaru: But, rest assured Petra. Today will stay sunny. The clouds give off a false impression and won’t be a problem. I can say that for definite.]

[Petra: Huh? Really? That’s super helpful. … But, how do you know?]

[Subaru: Well, that’s because…]

Petra inclined her head in doubt and widened her eyes at Subaru’s assertion. Giving her a full-toothed smile, Subaru answered the girl’s query.

[Subaru: ――Because I just returned for this, putting my life on the line for it.]

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

A meadow of green, a garden’s fragrance drifting through the hillock, a white parasol and white table in fixed position, a black dress as if in mourning, a girl with white hair elegantly tilting her teacup.

As she relished the warm taste of the tea, the witch allowed an insouciant sigh to escape.

[Echidna: Using one’s own life, to save them, to protect them, to keep someone from them, contributing it thus. How virtuous, how noble, surely deserving of everyone’s exaltation. Furthermore, not just the once, but challenging an endless cycle of hardships, is the impression it can’t help but give.]

Pressing her hands to her chest, the witch considered the boy with whom she’d had a contract.

Desperately seeking his ideal, pressing onward despite being struck endlessly by reality. Possessing the most wretched power of『Return by Death』as his own, all in order to love someone.

[Echidna: ――However, dedicating life to『Return by Death』, to protect one’s surroundings, is a double-edged sword. Too disdainful of one’s own life, too stubborn about the value of other lives. Because the value of one’s own life can no longer be seen, the lives of those precious others become too desperately consequential. This time, anything that isn’t the lives of those precious others『aside』, is unseeable. That is, downright…]

No matter when, no matter where, that singular attitude of clinging to what could absolutely not be scoured, was downright foolish.

[Echidna: ——You truly are, someone who can satisfy me.]

Cheeks reddened as if a maiden in the throes of infatuation, the witch longed for the absent boy.

Through the crystal gemstone, he crossed the gate, bringing absolutely everything of the world into her palm. And when the afflictions and hardship shattered him, every time, he unconsciously came to rely on the witch.

To keep his spirit afloat, enduring the temptation of a witch, even if he became a marionette.

In order merely to check the weather, adapting a mentality which was unhesitating to use『Return by Death』, even that had gone unnoticed.

[Echidna: But, I want you to rest assured. The lives of those who you prize, I will also wholeheartedly gamble my very wisdom on protecting them. So, for this you too—―]

― To satisfy this inexhaustible curiosity of a witch, I want to continue as your accomplice.

Suffering and unreasonable fate, from now forth would equally descend endlessly upon the boy.

Though the hardships be arduous, though the heights be insurmountable, the boy with the witch’s aid, lending one another strength and wisdom, found themselves able to cross.

Presented by the『Witch of Greed』was that love of scorching flame.

[Echidna: Ah, even so――]

The boy crossed the grand gate, the boy sprinted to offer protection, the boy’s guardianship bore fruit; feeling many scarred hearts resulting from the boy’s protection, the witch sighed.

A proposition that would remain sempiternally unsolved, and yet an enigma that would eternally enthrall her, even in death.

Ah, even so――

[Echidna: ――Why does love, always fade?]

Art Source

--- Re: Kasaneru IF (Greed Route) ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated by :

With Translations and Source Checking by:

Proofread by :

Fan Art Source :

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

A dream, I saw a dream.

A dream that wouldn’t fade, a dream that kept repeating, a dream with no end, a dream that wouldn’t end――

Over and over again, many many times over, repeating mistakes over and over, correcting them more and more. 1000 times, spinning. 10,000 times, connecting. 100 million times, overcoming them. And before knowing it, losing count.

Agony, terror, turbidity, ruin, hatred, madness. Exhausted, shaken, twisted, corrupted, contorted, decayed, anguished; a heart smashed to pieces.

And yet, there was still a place I wanted to reach. And yet, there was still a wish I wanted to protect.

Even if no one knew about the endless tragedies that repeated over and over, I will not forget. Even if no one notices, only I am unable to forget.

――Even if the people I want to save wept, I still want to save them.

So, even now, I don’t regret having taken that hand. If there is something I regret, it would be that I was hesitant and indecisive in taking her hand, and the frustration towards my own weak, fragile heart that I couldn’t steel.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Waking up from the empty dream, the first thing he always felt was a throbbing headache.

[Subaru: …]

Opening his eyes, trying to stave off his sleepiness, he blinked rapidly in an attempt to wake himself up. Though his consciousness hung in a bleary haze, his sluggishness only lasted for a few seconds. Immediately after his consciousness came to from his sleep, his waking brought energy back into his body.

[Subaru: Ah, Aaah]

In contrast to his body being awake, all that escaped from his mouth was a dullish voice. At a glimpse, it seemed like he was still half-asleep, but this was one of the most important rituals he did in the morning. By lying on his back with his head up whilst he let out that voice in that manner, a lot of information could be conveyed through to him.

The tone of his voice, the establishment of consciousness, the safety of his limbs, sorting his thoughts out, what he’ll do today, and the existence of his life――

He made sure to undertake each of these actions every morning.

This was the proof that Natsuki Subaru had reached the morning without making any grave mistakes.

[Subaru: *yawn*]

Taking off his blankets as he yawned, he lifted his body up, swivelling his feet down off of the bed. He roughly scratched his head as he looked around the room he was in. It was a room he had become used to seeing―― it was luxuriously furnished, and included a canopy bed in the room in which he entered from. But, where Subaru had woken up was not the canopy bed, but rather a sofa placed further within the room. He passed the nights as of late there, wrapped up in a futon, curled up into a ball.

――Actually, no, this had been a bedtime habit of Natsuki Subaru’s in these years.

Be as it may, there wasn’t any big reason for him not to sleep in his bed. It was just that he’d end up labouring to try and prepare the environment so that it’d be as comfortable to sleep in as possible. As a result of trial and error, he had learnt that he felt more comfortable by lying down and sleeping on the sofa than sleeping in a bed. And ever since, he’d kept doing that. That’s all there was to it.

[Subaru: …]

Rubbing his eyes, Subaru got off from the sofa that he had made into a bed and went to the bathroom so he could get dressed. As he washed his face in the bathroom that was adjacent to his bedroom, he deliberately looked at his soaked face reflected in the mirror. His face looked tired, and gave the impression that he was about to collapse. His face looked frayed with dejection. These three things sapped at his morale.

In an attempt to stiffen that expression, Subaru clapped his face with both hands using all of his strength. A dry sound accompanied the tears that welled up; in order to wash away them, Subaru poured cold water onto his face. Once again, he looked at his wet face in the mirror. And whilst carefully kneading his face, eyes and cheeks, he said,

[Subaru: Smile…you gotta smile, if you can’t, then… die.]

Chanting this incantation, Subaru bent his mouth into a terrible, crooked smile. He flashed his white teeth, his smile narrowing his eyes so the whites weren’t visible all around anymore. His own countenance was like that of a villain’s he had been friends with for a bit more than 18 years. He could camouflage his eyes, his facial expression, and his countenance with no issues.

[Subaru: Oookay, okay. Keep it like this.]

After checking his smile, Subaru dried his face with a towel and hurriedly changed into his clothes. When he spent time at the Mansion, Subaru’s appearance was not garbed in a servant’s uniform… rather, he wore the formal attire of a noble. Even if he took off his jacket, he would keep snug in a casual white shirt with its sleeves rolled up. However, such appearances were now naturally required. They were quite stuffy, but he really couldn’t do anything about it. He was obligated to have an appearance appropriate to his position, because it was the position Subaru himself wanted.

[Subaru: Soon it’ll be the usual time.]

Straight after he had changed into his clothes, he looked up to the Magic Hour Crystal that had been furnished above the room’s door. It had a dark green hue, signifying that it was morning. It showed that his time for getting out of bed was soon. In some way, it seemed like this morning he had spent just a little bit too much time in practising his smile. In a few minutes, a punctual girl would knock on his door as scheduled. Before that, he needed to finish everything he hadn’t done yet.

[Subaru: …]

Shifting his attention, Subaru unbuttoned his shirt down. There, attached by a thin chain was a pendant fastened to the “Black Crystal” which he never removed, even when sleeping. A mysterious, sparkling black crystal. Squeezing it in the palm of his hand, Subaru closed his eyes. The crystal stone was cold and hard to the touch―― when it tucked into the palm of Subaru’s hand, its presence grew stronger as if firing up;  it started to pulse as if it was a living thing.

Naturally, he started to unconsciously count its strange beat’s rhythm and frequency as it rested in his palm.

With a stronger beat as it reached its full power, the  crystal stone’s beat grew stronger, and faster. Without even realising it, its pulse perfectly overlapped with the pulse of Subaru’s own heartbeat, until the beat of his heart and the beat of the crystal jewel became equal. When his mind realised that, Subaru’s consciousness was released from the yoke of his body and was invited to another area which could not by any means be real.

And in that moment, there were no sounds or signs from the world; instead, a dazzling light enveloped his consciousness.

[Subaru: …]

His consciousness that was formed by the light was slowly guided to his awakening. Sunshine pierced into his eyes when he opened his closed eyelids. What he saw in front of him as he blinked his eyes was a beautiful grassy plain with the wind blowing through it.

It was a vast green plain which spread out as far as the eyes could see. The sea of grass stretched on and on further than his eyes could see. Short blades of grass gently swayed in the breeze. Up overheard, the sky was clear with not even a wisp of cloud present. The sunshine glistened like a gemstone. The blue of the sky and the green of the earth went on forevermore, up until they hazily intersected in the distant horizon. It was appropriate of a dreamworld that lacked any semblance of reality; there was a certain stillness there that seemed eternal.

Splendid, perfectly clear, empty space. ――There was just one part that was different to that in this world.

[Subaru: …..]

Right at the heart of the plain, when Subaru stood there and looked back, there was a gently sloping hill immediately behind which continued to form the shape of a slightly elevated hillock. Up on the hillock, there was a modest garden full of flowers. Right next to those beautiful flowers that were basking in the sun, was a parasol and a white table.

Without speaking even a word, Subaru climbed up the hill, and squeezed himself under the parasol. Steaming cups had been placed on the white table, their ceramic interiors filled with a warm, amber liquid. Two cups had been set upon the table, and a white chair had been left set next to the table.

Since she had prepared it for him, Subaru sat down on the chair without confirming it. Though the tea had just recently finished brewing, he held the cup to his mouth, wetting his throat with its amber goodness.

――As always, it was an unusual tea which tasted neither delicious nor unappetising.

Nevertheless, without fail, he always drank this tea from the moment he sat down. It had been an agreement he’d made with the mistress of this place, the tea was a substitute for introductions in their strange relationship. Even so,

Subaru: [Ah, I drank it, I drank it, thanks for the drink. Alright, let’s quickly move onto the main subject.]

???: [Of course, I did say that the first sip worked as a greeting. However, I don’t think that means that you shouldn’t ever give me a simple hello, mhm?]

Finishing his tea, Subaru placed his cup back on the table with these few words. And to what he had said, the one who sat opposite to him at the table gave him a weak smile, whilst voicing out her complaint. Receiving her complaint, Subaru scratched the tip of his nose whilst saying:

[Subaru: …There’s no real reason to greet you, is there? After all, since you’re prying inside my head day and night, there’s no meaning in saying hello or goodbye to you.]

[???: This and that are different matters, you know? First of all, day and night , I’d like for you not to speak of it in such a scandalous manner. Even if it is true, even I am still a shy, young maiden girl, as delicate as a flower. Wouldn’t my reputation become all the more worse if it became known that I am always staring into a boy’s mind?]

[Subaru: A shy, young maiden girl as delicate as a flower… Did the meaning of those words change without me noticing?]

[???: How scathing of you. Well, maybe it is unreasonable at my age to insist on calling myself that.]

Saying that, the girl relaxed her mouth into a smile; quite in contrast to the contents of her complaints. Completely used to these sorts of exchanges, the girl was quite tolerant towards Subaru’s impolite behaviour―― Or rather, it seemed as if she was enjoying herself exchanging these sorts of conversations with him.

Subaru’s heart cannot help but feel the distorted feelings of guilt in his heart intensify when seeing that smile. In any case, he doesn’t know which way of acting is the right one. Only with the person right in front of his eyes, can he find the optimal solution.

[Subaru: As I thought, you’re such an unpleasant woman.]

[???: That makes me glad. For you, who is kind and greedy. Rather than being kind towards everyone, rather than being someone so apathetic who doesn’t find any value in having others help him, I always take great delight in becoming someone who cruelly wounds your heart, or the unpleasant someone who lodges an immovable thorn in your heart.]

Neither sarcasm or irony worked against her. Before she had answered him, Subaru  made quite an unpleasant face, but that  only resulted in making her more pleased.

[???: Now then, any more of this and my heart will get pained for being hated and buying into your antipathy. Let’s try and achieve what we set out to do for this morning’s meeting now.]

[Subaru: You weren’t hoping to be hated?]

[???: It was a girl’s cute bluff, you know? This is what I want you to see and accept.]

[Subaru: Cute…?]

Subaru doubted this from the bottom of his heart. He leaned his head in doubt. As for his companion she merely gave a ironic smile. And then…,

[???: You’re truly a man who never cowers down to anyone or anything.  As the 『Witch of Greed』, I like that about you. ――Natsuki Subaru]

Suited to be a contractor, the『Witch of Greed』, Echidna narrowed her eyes with a sweet smile, a smile that rose from the depths of her heart.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

[Subaru: Today’s the 14th of Kisdam……right?]

[Echidna: You can rest assured. You fell asleep last night without any issues, and you woke up this morning without anything eventful happening. The worst case scenario didn’t happen whilst you were asleep overnight. So you don’t have to worry, everything is okay.]

[Subaru: Those are foolish words. If I went to sleep thinking nothing eventful would happen, I’d end up waking up dead. I don’t know when and where I’ll die, or when it’ll stop.]

Clicking his tongue at the optimism of the witch, Subaru recalled the desperate feeling of loss of his『Deaths』.

Without aim or direction, he had no doubt it could visit him even tomorrow―― When the fact is that he abruptly『Returns by Death』, deprived of it without any premonition. The fact is that the time he spends with people will be forgotten, the fear and despair that it had brung him would never be forgotten.

[Echidna: That’s correct. I was being rash right now. My apologies for that.]

[Subaru: …Aren’t you being terribly meek right now?]

[Echidna: I apologise if you thought of it as a bad thing. I am not that bad of a woman… even though I show myself like that.]

Seeing the discomfort in Subaru who had replied with hurt in his voice, the girl garbed in black gave him a wink as she said that. When talking to that girl, the first thing he noticed was how captivating her eyes are, and how her devilish beauty seems as if it would steal people’s hearts. It’s amazing that just two colours express this beauty.

Long, beautiful white hair like snow cascaded down to her back, and her slender limbs are garbed in a black dress, typical of one seen when mourning. Sitting on her chair, her long legs were crossed together; a somewhat degenerate feeling floated around in that. On her thin lips that were drinking from her cup, there was a strangely arousing gloss to them.

She was a perverse, demonic figure that exuded a sensation of inescapable ruin and destruction were you to provoke her―― Regardless of this, there are anecdotes of those who have tried to approach this Witch of Calamity that brings about the end.

That was the identity of the white haired girl, who was completely garbed in black, Echidna. She, who had forged a contract with Subaru.

[Subaru: Hmmmm…..]

[Echidna: …? What’s the matter? You’re staring at my face. Do I have something on it?]

[Subaru: Aaah, just hair, and ears, and a mouth, and a nose, and eyes…]

[Echidna: …Hm why? Even if you’re saying something completely obvious, I feel rather insulted.]

Echidna frowned, furrowing her eyebrows at Subaru’s answer. Seeing that, Subaru lifted his hand up and said: [Waitwait,]

[Subaru: I didn’t really mean to insult you. I was just thinking, that for someone who has the reputation of being a witch, I don’t think you’re that scary.]

Even if up until a moment ago she had expressed all kinds of degeneracy and perversions, in reality, she did have a few bad habits, but she was still an ordinary girl who you could even go as far as calling good-natured.

Of course, this doesn’t deny that there were crooked, warped parts that were witch-like.

[Echidna: Hehe, that’s quite an unusual opinion huh?]

Saying that, Echidna relaxed her lips, and gave a little smile upon hearing Subaru’s thoughts. Placing her cup on the table, she shifted her long legs and fiddled with her long white hair.

[Echidna: Even though I might look like this right now, I was one of the witches that left behind such stories, in various places 400 years ago. Were you to catch me, that version of me was unpardonable.]

[Subaru: You’re speaking like you’re a middle schooler looking for special treatment.]

[Echidna: If we were to add from you to that then we’d be getting a lot closer to how I feel, wouldn’t we. But, it isn’t just that. I should have talked about this stuff when we first met.]

[Subaru: Ah… what was it you said…? Certainly, if you were a person without any tolerances, you would have vomited the first time you saw me… ]

[Echidna: When you’re cutting it down to just that, I feel that my nature is greatly misunderstood]

The majestic witch’s appearance completely changed. Echidna looked annoyed hearing Subaru’s answer. To that reply, Subaru replied suitably with [N-now now,] to deal with the shift in topic. Nonetheless, what they had spoke was enough for the morning routine.

[Subaru: It’s not like us to delve down into idle gossip. I’ll be going back to reality soon.]

[Echidna: Are you leaving already? Stay here a little more, no one will mind if you do so. As you know, the time you spend here does not affect reality. You can rest all the time you want… that’s what I hope]

Echidna said this so to restrain Subaru who had stretched up and stood from his chair. Subaru cracked the bones of his necks at hearing the witch’s cajolery.

[Subaru: That’s right. To be honest, I know you’re trying to help me in offering me to stay here, but…]

Cutting off his words there, Subaru turned his head to look down towards Echidna. The black irises of the witch and Subaru met each other. However―

[Subaru: It’s not my plan to depend on you all the time. You should know that it’s not that kind of contract.]

[Echidna: Good grief, you really aren’t being honest with yourself. Even when I am the only one in this world that can be your accomplice in helping you bear your anguish and sorrow.]

[Subaru: I don’t intend to entrust my anguish and sorrow to anyone. This is something that’s just for me; it’s how I overcome them. That’s the reason behind the contract between me and you. Isn’t that so?]

With a low tone of voice, Subaru declared this firmly to the still annoyed Echidna who was shrugging her shoulders. To that reply, Echidna cast her eyes down, drinking from her cup in silence.

When she stopped talking, it was a declaration of her intention that she had lost her reason to continue conversing. Making sure of this, Subaru turned his back to the woman, and started to walk down the hillock. But first, he stopped and turned his head back to look at the witch.

[Subaru: By the way, just a moment ago, you didn’t deny that you’re always spying on me day and night?]

[Echidna:… Hm? I thought I’d said ‘even if’?]

[Subaru :…Even if that’s true, I think it’s in my capacity to recognise the context in that implicit way of speaking!]

[Echidna: ….]

[Subaru: …..]

Being hounded by Subaru, Echidna let out a small sigh. And then she put her cup to her mouth again. It was a declaration that there was no meaning in continuing their conversation――

[Subaru: I guess you thought I’d just leave it if you kept doing that, right? Are you going to ever stop doing such an unethical thing? Hmph, so are you?]

[Echidna: Is it not normal? I am not so vulgar to spy on you when you’re taking a bath or using the bathroom. It’s just that unless you’re convinced that nothing will happen in these vulnerable situations, I think that it’s impossible for me as your contractor to avert my eyes. In the end, it’s my obligation as the『Witch of Greed』to faithfully uphold the contract――]

[Subaru: From now on, I’m removing the pendant when I go to the bathroom or wash myself.]

Saying this to the witches rapid-fire excuses, Subaru went down the hill, all the whilst biting down his embarrassment. At the bottom of the hillock, in the place in which Subaru first entered the grassy plain, a door materialised without warning. A single door free of any support. It was the only door that allowed him to go in and out to the outside world.

[Subaru: ……………]

Arriving in front of the door, Subaru placed his hand on the doorknob, turning himself so he couldn’t see anything. Echidna was looking at Subaru’s back, her hair fluttering in the wind all the way on the hillock.

When seeing Subaru looking down away from her, with only a slight bit of hesitation, she gave him a small wave. And without giving anything back, Subaru went through the door, leaving behind just a sigh.

――And straight after, his consciousness that had been captured by the dream world was released and returned back to reality.

[Subaru: ……………….]

When his consciousness came back to reality, Subaru was still standing in the middle of his own room, holding the black crystal. Breathing out a long sigh, he looked towards the Magic Hour Crystal on top of the door. There was no change in its green hue. That was proof that the time he spent in the dream world was only a few seconds.

[Subaru: Still, I’ll never get used to it…]

It was routine every morning to go to the dream world to spend some time at Echidna’s tea party. But from there, when he’d come back to reality, he still hadn’t become familiar with the discomfort that was produced from the gap of these two worlds. It was a feeling that differed from『Return by Death』. Subaru sighed, and

“Echidna: What would you say to changing your mind and getting used to not getting used to it? Even if it’s no more than for your peace of mind, maybe it’ll make you feel a bit more at ease?”

As if it was a whisper in his ear, the voice of the witch he had said goodbye to a moment ago rung out. Well, in fact it wasn’t whispered into his ear. That voice came from his contractor; the thoughts of the witch flowed via the crystal stone which hung from his neck.

Both of their paths were entwined by the contract even when he wasn’t in the dream world. That made it possible for the witch to talk directly to Subaru from the dream world.

However――

[Subaru: I thought I told you not to speak to me without thinking when there’s nothing important. ]

“Echidna: There’s no one around. I don’t think anyone is going to care you if you’re directing your attention to me when you’re alone in the room.”

[Subaru: What would you do, if you did the same thing in public without thinking, and people saw me speaking to someone who isn’t there and thought I was a weirdo?]

“Echidna: I feel like that’s a new evaluation. But, besides, it’s not unusual for spirits to converse their thoughts with their spirit-user. That isn’t really suspicious.”

[Subaru: With spirit-users, both use their thoughts to communicate. In my case, it’s just you and I’m stuck speaking aloud to myself. If you look at it from that way, it’s pretty annoying]

“Echidna: Yeah yeah, I get it. As you wish, I’ll be silent except for when necessary. You managed to make a witch obey… you’re a master at this.”

[Subaru: SHUT THE HELL UP]

“Echidna: My my. Please don’t hesitate to call me if you need me, contractor-dono.”

With both anger and mockery in her voice, Echidna slinked back leaving behind those theatrical words of farewell. Even so, the witch should still be peeping into this world via the pendant, however, for the moment, Subaru pushed the notion away from his head and he breathed out a long sigh. From now on, he would definitely shove the pendant into his back-pocket when taking a bath or going to the toilet…

[???: … Subaru-sama, are you awake?]

There was a knock on the door from outside, which informed him of his usual wake up time. Subaru cleared his throat as he heard the gentle voice that had asked him that. Then, clapping his hands to his face, and making sure he was smiling using the mirror, he gave a very dispirited reply of: [Coome in],

Hearing that, the door slowly opened, and a young girl entered the room.

[???: Good morning, Subaru-sama. Today is once again a splendid morning y’know.]

Saying that while smiling, was the little girl in her maid uniform―― Petra Leyte, Subaru’s personal maid.

When he had met her, she had still been a young bud yet to flower. But now she was entering the growing season, and was in the process of blooming beautifully. Her height, and arms, and legs had grown a lot compared to before, and she was increasingly becoming more and more suited to her pretty maid dress too.

That behaviour and conduction was not lost against her cute dress. From the start, she was a good girl who was well-taught and quick-to-learn. And now, as a maid, Petra had reached top notch levels.

A 14 year old flower… Seeing Petra’s matured smile, Subaru replied with a smile.

[Subaru: A good morning to you too, Petra. I agree, it’s indeed a splendid morning. Today too, I was able to see Petra’s cute face in the morning. I’m pretty satisfied too.]

[Petra: Subaru’s still saying such things. … Ah, but there are clouds hanging over the sky beyond the forest, it seems that the weather may get worse this afternoon. I have plans to go shopping this afternoon, I hope it’ll stay sunnyyyyyy.]

Inclining her head towards Subaru’s greeting, Petra turned her eyes towards the window and muttered that out. In those words, there was a trace of her childish immaturity in them, and Subaru gave a small chuckle.

[Petra: Ah! No, Subaru-sama.]

[Subaru: Nono, just now, the beautiful shell of a Maid was broken just a little. How very like you, Petra.]

[Petra: Jeez, please stop treating me like a kid like that. I’m totally grown up. I’ve been a maid already for two years… cuz of that I’ve become an adult!]

Shaking her auburn hair, Petra’s cheeks blushed and her lips tapered in embarrassment. In front of the figure of his cute little sister, Subaru stroked the smiling girl’s head. Petra narrowed her eyes in happiness and let out a reluctant sigh as Subaru stroked her head.

[Petra: So, what will you be doing this morning? It’s still early for breakfast, but…]

[Subaru: Ahh, for the time being I’ll just finish my usual routine and then if it goes well, we can have breakfast with everyone. If it doesn’t go well… then, the usual.]

[Petra: …Okay]

Casting her eyes down slightly at Subaru’s reply, Petra’s face turned quite serious. Shedding silent tears at making such a young sweet girl make such a face, Subaru stroked the cute girl’s head as she made this face,

[Subaru: Anyhow, thank you for today as well. Especially for coming to wake me up.]

[Petra: …]

[Subaru: Petra?]

[Petra: Subaru-sama really is clumsy.]

Saying that to Subaru, who was trying to awkwardly change topic, Petra gave an exasperated sigh. And then the girl shook her head, putting on a smile like a bloomed flower.

[Petra: No, even this is my job. Besides, it’s far better because Subaru-sama won’t sleep too much….. Even if he shouldn’t be so careless.]

[Subaru: Huh?]

[Petra: It’s nothing. Well then, I’ll see you later. Excuse me.]

Every morning, after acting as Subaru’s alarm clock Petra would give him a curtsy with her skirt. And then, after seeing off Subaru, she’d leave the room. The door would close, and Subaru would nod his head in satisfaction seeing Petra’s growth. .

[Subaru: Petra has become splendid as well. As a big brother, I am proud.]

“Echidna: But from her side, she doesn’t seem to think of you as a big brother.”

[Subaru: Didn’t I tell you to be silent except for when I need you? Witch-sama sure is quick to break promises.]

In her monologue, Subaru was struck by the witch’s persistence and weakness to not be able to tolerate the silence. But, leaving behind a resigned sigh, he turned around to look at the door Petra had disappeared through.

[Subaru: I’m that girl’s big brother, you know? So, Petra’s my cute little sister. That’s why I will make that girl happy. ――That much I will absolutely do.]

“Echidna: You’ll absolutely make her happy you say…? Those words might unexpectedly become terrible words.”

Hearing Subaru’s firm tone, Echidna said that without poking any fun at him. Ignoring the words of the witch, Subaru left the room, lightly stretching himself. The mansion’s corridor had become quite cold as a sign that it was early morning . Shivering, Subaru walked out.

―― His everyday『routine』was about to start.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Since a few months ago, mornings in the Roswaal mansion had began with an intense『Slaughter.』Though, calling it『Slaughter』may have been quite surprising when it came to the people concerned.

Still, as far as Subaru was concerned, who witnessed it, the exchanges were violent enough to be called『Slaughter.』 In fact, there was no doubt that one of the two who clashed together was challenging the other to the death. But unfortunately, the other person who was challenging them evaded that ferocious fighting spirit with ease.

The disparity of power between the two of them was completely evident in the eyes of anyone who cared to look. Of course, there was no doubt that they’d keep up this dangerous routine every morning because of this,

[???: RHHHHHAAAAARRRGH!!]

A fierce howl of rage, accompanied by an explosion at the feet that blew away the lawn on the courtyard. Digging his foot in deeply, with that tempestuous propulsion the golden silhouette charged forward, his beastly claws driving straight toward the figure of his opponent.

It was a blow that could rend thick steel plate, a blow which could turn a human body into mince meat―― The claws of the beast delivered a myriad of violent attacks, assailing its prey in an attempt to forbid it from escaping. However,

???: [I am sorry, but the gap is too great.]

???: [GHHA― !?]

The other silhouette easily avoided the downpour of fatal attacks coming from the claws of the beast. And immediately after, the long legs which were jumping up gave out a loud yell, and the body of the beast was pierced from below.

The beast raised a cry in anguish at receiving that blow, and the side that was stuck arced upwards―

???: [GHHAGHK― !?]

――Or rather, that was what should have happened, but it didn’t happen like so.

The body that was launched skywards was intercepted by the opponent’s heel which swung downwards like he had waited in ambush, and sent him down crashing into the ground. The impact produced a circular crater upon the lawn’s surface, leaving the beast perfectly silent, spread-eagled on the floor unmoving.

???: [Do you want to continue?]

???: [Aurgh]

The victor asked him whether he wanted to continue as the loser let out a groan. There was neither sarcasm or cynicism when asking that; they were words spoken only towards the battle. That’s why those words deeply wounded the loser’s spirit. Thus,

[Subaru: You probably don’t even realise it, but words like that are demeaning you know. Stop with the damn Samurai’s pity.]

Entering the scene in which victory and defeat had already been decided, Subaru said this as he scratched his head. Hearing those words, the young man who had been overlooking his spread-eagled opponent turned to look back at him with a smile appearing on his face.

The young man with hair of red flame raised his hand towards Subaru.

[???: ‘ello, good morning, Subaru. You’re up early this morning, huh?]

[Subaru: Not as early as the two of you. Even so, don’t you get bored or have enough of doing this everyday…… You don’t have to always act so frank, Reinhardt.]

[Reinhardt: There’s nothing wrong with his ambition burning strong. Besides, it’s also true that he’s getting stronger and stronger each day. Before long, won’t there come a time where he will catch up with me?]

[Subaru: Is that so? I’m having a bit of a hard time picturing that.]

The red-haired youth―― Reinhardt’s words didn’t give off the feeling that they were either a joke or an act of humility. Closing one of his eyes at this estimation, Subaru looked down at the figure that was still lying down on the ground.

A boy with short golden hair was rolling in pain there. Wheezing in anguish, he was still not at a level in which he could wage battle, but still, the fighting spirit dwelling in his green eyes had not wavered at all.

Though his body could not obey his intentions, all he could do was grit his teeth in frustration.  Grasping the feelings of bitterness he was feeling, Subaru extended his hand to that boy.

[Subaru: Hey, can you get up, Garfiel. Don’t give up just yet. You’re…]

[Garfiel: …Don’t touch me so casually. ‘ don’t need t’ stand by yer fuckin’ hand y’know.]

Not taking Subaru’s outstretched hand, the blonde haired boy, Garfiel, bared his fangs at him. However, it was obvious in anyone’s eyes that it was just a bravado. Pain was etched on his face, and his breathing was rough. Nevertheless, Subaru was not so childish as to point this out.

Slightly shaking the arm that had been brushed aside, Subaru sighed at the Garfiel who climbed to his feet.

[Subaru: Well, if you say so, do as you like. But, go take a bath before breakfast, and try to clean yourself of the sweat and mud. Otherwise, Ram will come to dislike you.]

[Garfiel: … ut yer trap. ‘ know wi’out you needin’ to tell me.]

Shaking his head at Subaru’s suggestion, Garfiel knitted his eyebrows into an angry scowl and stood up. His knees were still trembling, but it wasn’t to the extent where he couldn’t walk. Having recovered with his amazing resilience, Garfiel glared at Reinhardt who was standing there as unperturbed as ever.

[Garfiel: Nex’ time, ’m gonna fuckin’ beat ya.]

[Reinhardt: I will be looking forward to it.]

Garfiel snorted at Reinhardt’s reply which had no traces of a lie in it. And after that, the boy started to trudge away, and as he passed by Subaru, he gave a fleeting glance his way.

[Garfiel: ――Hmph.]

Smacking his lips in irritation, he continued to trudge away from the courtyard to the mansion. With a wry smile on his face, Subaru watched him walk away like that; he shook his head.

He must be feeling quite hurt with his pride wounded. Still, his sour feelings should go away along with his sweat when he washed himself before breakfast. Really, he was at a troublesome age.

[Subaru: That guy, sorry for leaving him all to you. You must be tired too, feel free to go wash up… Speaking of which, running in to him in the bath would be troublesome.]

[Reinhardt: That’s right, it’d be tough for him. Fortunately, I didn’t move enough to break out into a sweat, so I’ll refrain from doing that. It would be a shame to put Garfiel caked in mud in front of Ram-san.]

Having seen Garfiel walk off, Reinhardt smiled at Subaru who had raised those words. Just as he had thought, the effects of the morning sparring couldn’t be seen on the『Sword Saint』. He was dealing with a child, Garfiel, who challenged him in ‘anger’; he was perfectly capable of killing him if he so desired. And to make matters worse, he was making a nonchalant face whilst pushing down his feet on the part of the lawn in which Garfiel had been knocked down on. And, by some way, the grass returned back to how it had been in its original, clean state.

Was this also one of the countless Divine Protections he possessed? ――More and more, the thought of him as an enemy brought chills.

Therefore doing as much as having made him leave his own camp was probably Subaru’s greatest achievement.

The『Sword Saint』Reinhardt Van Astrea.

Where he now belonged, was the camp supporting Emilia as king candidate, backed by Roswaal. Shortly after the Royal Selection had started, the『Sword Saint』had become Felt’s knight. He had been the greatest adversary he would’ve had to contend with, and because of his distinguished prominence in the kingdom, he’d have been their greatest threat… but――

[Subaru: ――All that said, but, if Felt were to return, we’d once against stand as friends who are enemies, the thought of it brings shudders.]

[Reinhardt: …]

[Subaru: What’s the matter?]

[Reinhardt: No, nothing, I understand your concern, but I dare say I would be unable to go back to being Felt-Sama’s knight. That lady judged me as unworthy.  Were it not so, she wouldn’t have tossed me aside to vanish to whereabouts unknown.]

Reinhardt shook his head, turning away from Subaru’s words. Closing his eyes to that reply, Subaru concealed his innermost thoughts and let out a long sigh.

――Already, nearly a year had passed since Reinhardt’s master, one of the Royal Election Candidates, Felt, had disappeared from her knight.

The feline girl left the Astrea House, taking with her only the old man she regarded as family, and ran away from the Royal Selection. Thus, she cast aside the『Sword Saint』who had pledged himself to her.

Those were the rumours circulating around the country, and was almost identical to the truth.

In fact, Reinhardt had heard nothing from Felt, before being driven from the Royal Election.  The fact that the master he’d sworn his loyalty to had vanished without word, brought an immeasurable sense of helplessness to the『Sword Saint』.

Subaru had extended his arm out to this, and had dragged him over to this new camp. With his conscience sullied, and him feeling a great sense of responsibility, Reinhardt had taken Subaru’s desperate plea, and offered his sword to Emilia as his new king.

And since, the『Sword Saint』had become the sword of the Emilia camp. He was playing a big part in the Royal Selection. As the descendant of the『Sword Saint』who had sealed『The Witch of Envy』up, he joined to support the much despised Emilia, the Half-Witch. The implications of that was greater than he imagined.

Besides, Reinhardt being around helped a lot in more things than just the Royal Selection. By belonging to the same camp, Reinhardt helped out with the rebellious Garfiel.

[Subaru: I can’t raise my head to you and Ram. I can’t imagine how many times Garfiel would have crushed me by now.]

[Reinhardt: There’s hardly any such thing. Indeed, on the surface Garfiel is harsh, which is in fact an indication that he recognizes your strength. But, your strength is not one he can understand, and this, no matter what, he cannot find himself able to accept.]

[Subaru: Well, no one would particularly enjoy being confused by so many cheap conjurer’s tricks. Though, there was no other way, so it’s not like I’ve dwelled upon or regretted it.]

Shrugging at Reinhardt’s defence, Subaru recalled the events that had transpired in the 『Sanctuary』. Back at the『Sanctuary』, the residents’ escape had been impossible due to the barrier connected to the graveyard. Then, there was the threat of the『Sizeable Hare』Witchbeast swarming there―― to break through those issues, Subaru had used a lot of tricks.

It could be said that the one who feared『Sanctuary’s』liberation the most was Garfiel, and that he was the one who did his utmost to stop Subaru. Whereas, Emilia and the others were the ones who picked up the fruits of his『Return by Death』with all his soul.

That was precisely what originated the contract between Subaru and Echidna. Subaru had chosen to take the witch’s hand, and repeated his ‘Return by Death’ an unimaginable number of times, and went through all possible trial and error back at the『Sanctuary』.

And the result of that was Subaru had been able to take control of the actions of everyone staying in『Sanctuary』and by placing Garfiel outside the mosquito net (TL Note: isolating/setting him against from the other villagers) he prevented him from interfering with the events.

He overcame the Graveyard’s『Trials』and broke the barrier. Meanwhile, Roswaal made the necessary preparations concerning Lewes, and led the evacuation. The inhabitants were set free before the threat of the Sizeable Hare had assailed the『Sanctuary』. Meanwhile, Garfiel struggled to keep the time of release at bay, but his struggles were in vain.

After all, it was after everything had ended that Garfiel understood everything that happened. Even when he knew that it was too late to help, after the evacuation of the inhabitants of the『Sanctuary』had ended, Garfiel had still tried to resist leaving the『Sanctuary』. However, the『Sanctuary』was attacked by The Sizeable Hare and the young man would have been driven to the verge of death if he hadn’t been saved by the hands of Subaru and Roswaal.

Lacking strength and making misjudgments, the problems that had weighed stubbornly on his young heart for more than a decade had been solved by outsiders, excluding him entirely. Garfiel’s willpower was greatly wounded.

After that, his feelings of depression became rage, and it was only natural that he come to bear hatred for Subaru. Without the persuasions of Ram and his big sister, Frederica, Garfiel may not have made the choice to join the Emilia camp. The newcomer Reinhardt became the outlet of Garfiel’s anger.

In the end, it was probably his own lack of strength which Garfiel couldn’t forgive the most. By understanding the strength of the『Sword Saint』as his objective, little by little, signs of change were born in Garfiel, who continuously worked to become stronger.

Through this way, perhaps he would arrive at the answer that he couldn’t acquire back at the『Sanctuary』.

[Subaru: Well, I’d be quite happy if he were a little more open with me.]

[Reinhardt: One day he’ll understand your feelings. There’s no need to be impatient.]

Reinhardt shook his head in a gesture that looked like consolation at Subaru’s half-hearted conclusion. And then, the red-haired knight turned his eyes towards the mansion.

[Reinhardt: I want you to leave Garfiel to me for just a little while longer. …That’s if you still have any expectations from me, I, who was not even able to acquire Felt-sama’s trust.]

[Subaru: Don’t be so pitiful. I don’t think there’s anyone who doesn’t believe in you. Yeah, I have expectations of you.]

[Reinhardt: Understood. Then, you too should do what is expected of you… That is the duty of a best knight.]

It was only in those last words, in which Reinhardt had shown some kind of emotion in.

The『Best Knight』, that term was permitted only in master-servant relationships which were tied together by the strongest of bonds. Reinhardt had not been able to become that for Felt.

He didn’t wish to become so to Subaru, that’s what he felt.

[Reinhardt: Well, I’ll see you later.]

Without even revealing a bit of those emotions on his facial expression, Reinhardt gave Subaru a clap on his shoulder and left the garden. As he walked, there were no signs of the fight which had taken place a few moments ago, on the lawn underneath his feet which should have been dented.

Whilst standing on lawn that had gone back to normal, Subaru made sure that Reinhardt had completely left the garden and let out a long sigh.

[Subaru: I left Garfiel to… you, huh.]

“Echidna: My, what skilled acting. Your skin grows thicker by the day.”

[Subaru: …]

Once again, he heard the voice of the witch who kept breaking her promise. But, Subaru didn’t say anything back. Taking his silence as an acknowledgement, Echidna transmitted her thought-waves from her crystal stone,

“Echidna: Pitying Garfiel is your prerogative. But let’s discuss the solution of 『 Sanctuary 』 . Repeating attempt after attempt, you found the optimum solution. Keeping anyone from hurting, from dying… and finally saving everyone’s life. Isn’t that so?”

[Subaru: I know. That’s why I didn’t say anything.]

“Echidna: Reinhardt as well, absolve yourself from guilt. Originally, that girl—— Felt wasn’t interested in the election in the slightest. So, you pointed out an escape path for her, so she would need not trouble herself. And now, she’s living peacefully with that old giant in Kararagi.”

[Subaru: …]

Echidna carefully affirmed Natsuki Subaru’s choices, as if caressing old wounds.

Garfiel’s stagnation, Reinhardt’s anguish―― all of these were as a result of Subaru’s choices. Garfiel’s situation had been okay. It had been the necessary process for resolving the problems in the『Sanctuary』without having to sacrifice anyone. But, Reinhardt’s situation was different. It was a plot of Natsuki Subaru to completely separate him from his master. He wouldn’t be able to avoid blame and disdain if they knew the facts. It was that kind of a plan. But even so――

“Echidna: In order to drive away the malicious Witch Cult targeting Emilia, you need real power. Just charm isn’t enough. So in the end, you made the right choice.”

[Subaru: Enough!]

“Echidna: Successfully saving Pristella, was allowed only because of that choice. Dealing with the disaster that swept the Watergate City, how would your odds have been without Reinhardt?”

[Subaru: ….]

“Echidna: Of course, if you’d concentrated your fighting power there, you may found a way to repel them by some other means. However, to be able to defeat Sin Archbishops in the plural with no victims, was precisely because you had Reinhardt available to you.”

Repeated and relentless were Echidna’s words, and yet that attempt to console was met with the opposite effect. An attempt to justify his deeds, falling hundreds upon thousands of times was that blade known as words. Using this method to cut his heart into jagged pieces was not her goal, but it certainly felt so. Using a blade of language, she condemned the deeds and deceits of Natsuki Subaru.

No matter how many times, no matter how many dozen times, no matter how much she repeated it, it was never enough.

His strength was overwhelmingly insufficient. And that power never compensated for the experiences of Subaru, who kept repeating『Return by Death』several times.

Memories and experiences of the future, in this world there was despair that could not be overcome with that alone. Still, maybe the difficulties could have been overcome if he had committed himself. But Subaru regretted that he could not be neither strong enough or weak enough to allow sacrifices.

It’d be meaningless if he closed his eyes to people falling victim, it’d be meaningless if he accepted condolences, it’d be meaningless if he allowed compromises. If he stopped putting his life on the line, he’d lose meaning in having taken the witch’s hand.

Therefore, he did everything he could to get the necessary power and the necessary fighting strength. As a result, he had caught the strongest sword, Reinhardt van Astrea and made him into an ally.

When it came to Felt’s withdrawal from the Royal Selection―― It was not possible to describe all of his tries, and all of his errors that he had repeated so that this would have been realised.

Under Reinhardt’s enmity, under that sword, falling even ten or twenty times was insufficient. Still, finally he had accomplished it quite peacefully without sacrificing anyone. Only that outcome was salvation for Natsuki Subaru.

It didn’t matter how many times his heart would be wounded, as long as he could save their lives――

[Subaru: There’s life, if there’s life, there’s a future, if there’s a future, there’s hope, if there’s hope, then there are possibilities. If there are possibilities, then――]

“Echidna: Then people will be saved. You’re in the right. You aren’t wrong. I promise so.”

[Subaru: I don’t particularly need your guarantees, you know…]

Subaru spoke out his innermost thoughts to both cheer himself up, and to caution himself. The witch affirmed, understood, shared and admired that.

While responding aggressively to his words, it was a fact that the witch’s words helped him.

Life, was life. If he was alive, he could start over. He had possibilities. It yielded hope.

Sacrifices were things that were different to Subaru’s life. It was worth continuing to keep using『Returning by Death』all the time if it protected everyone except Subaru’s own life, which was no longer included in his calculations.

―― Even if those who I want to save weep, I still want to save them.

That was the salvation that Subaru had decided to receive by taking the witch’s hand.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Having received the witch’s cruel comfort, Subaru left the courtyard. Witnessing the morning exercises of Reinhardt and Garfiel, had in fact nothing to do with Subaru’s daily routine.  He just happened to pass by the scene, and he had no choice but to call out to them. Subaru’s proper daily routine started in the mansion’s library.

[Subaru: ――Heya, Beatrice. Sorry to intrude.]

Deep within the easternmost part of the mansion, stood a neat library.  When you pushed open one of the heavy double-doors, the first thing that leaped out from the inside was the overwhelming scent of paper. In the dim light of a magic crystal, the narrow shelves were completely filled, drowned under thick stacks of heavy books

The amount of books could be said to be no inferior to what once existed in the『Forbidden Library.』

So, in that case.

Even while knowing that this place wasn’t the『Forbidden Library』that she should be guarding, the little girl remained here, able to see the fragments of her old home within the debris.

[Beatrice: ….]

In the depths of the dark room, in a corner of the library rested the figure of a young girl who hugged her knees to her chest. As soon as he entered the room, he saw her sat on a wooden stepladder. This still vivid memory of her squatting posture, that sense of violation would not vanish, continuing to burn and erode through Subaru’s heart.

Beatrice had pressed her forehead into her knees, still wearing her same dress. Scrunched up like this, the little girl didn’t stir, react or even say anything to Subaru as he entered her room.

But she was not asleep, that much was clear from the fingers of her little body, which were clenched with so much force that they were whitened.

Back then, she had greeted Subaru with poor temperament, but at least when she had greeted him then, it had been with the dignity of a librarian. There were no traces remaining of that frigid expression which had been sustained by the pride of her responsibility.

Scrunching up his eyes at seeing the girl in such a sorry state, Subaru rapidly blinked his eyes to get rid of the emotions that had flitted there for just a moment. Then after putting on a ridiculously animated smile, he threw open the curtains of the library.

Unlike the forbidden library, the room had a physical existence. Naturally, since there was a window, the door couldn’t act as a barrier to prevent trespass. Therefore――

[Subaru: Heyy, Beako. Today’s a splendid morning. There’s a pleasant wind blowing by. You should stop hiding in this musty old room; don’t you feel like playing outside?]

[Beatrice: ….]

[Subaru: If  you don’t want to muddy your dress up by playing outside, then at the very least let’s eat together with everyone. Come to the dining hall like before. It’s not too much to ask, right?]

[Beatrice: ……]

The curtains of the library were torn wide open, and sunlight streamed into the room. Just like the streaming sunlight, Beatrice kept her silence, tilting down her head to Subaru’s requests, who was still smiling quite openly. It felt to Subaru that her arms that were still clutching her knees were as if she was punishing herself.

[Subaru: Hey, Beako….]

[Beatrice: … just shut the hell up, in fact.]

[Subaru: …….]

Unable to bear looking at him, Beatrice spoke this out quite loudly as Subaru tried to approach her.

Her voice sank heavily, as it grew hoarse. But, after hearing her voice, Subaru felt relieved. Because recently, just hearing her voice was a rare occurrence.

When she was depressed, the days were quite many in which he couldn’t exchange even a single word with her. Even words of rejection and denial pleased him.

Casting aside what Subaru was thinking, Beatrice continued without lifting up her face.

[Beatrice: Betty is tired. I’ve already given up, I suppose. I went against mother’s instructions… I broke the contract… and despite that, I’m still alive… why?]

[Subaru: Beatrice…]

[Beatrice : If only you just ditched me back then… Why did you come to help me? Clearly, you’re not… you’re not『They!』]

It’s a resentment that will never disappear, a resentment that can never fade, a penitence that she could never forgive――

In her four hundred years, Beatrice had bore those feelings alone, her heroic consciousness that had refused to relinquish such thoughts had been trampled upon, naturally bringing hatred.

Within the Forbidden Library, was a spirit who had given up her life for her mission, with no room in her heart for hope.

Her eternal life had stripped hope from her, and all she had been given was time to live a life devoid of meaning.

When the Forbidden Library burned down along with the mansion, the place in which she had been indicated to stay was lost forever.

But even so, Beatrice had never once forgotten her responsibility, the one that been abandoned. Her heart which had bore such a relentless sense of responsibility, had been scarred by permanent wounds, steeped in misery.

That is why ever since the night when the Forbidden Library had burnt to ashes, all she could do was crouch in a corner of the library, endlessly sobbing in helplessness.

But still――

[Beatrice: ――hk! Go away! Let go of me, I suppose! Don’t you touch Betty… ―tch!]

Unable to see her small figure, Subaru had wrapped her small body into a hug. Shouting at him when she felt his arm hugging her, Beatrice made no attempt to hide her disgust and rage, scoring Subaru’s neck with her nails. Caught in her merciless attack, drops of blood oozed out of his wound. But still, he didn’t let go.

He hugged her in an attempt to comfort her shivering body. But maybe it was actually Subaru who was looking for comfort by doing that.

[Beatrice: Why did you come to see me, I suppose…! You’re so….you’re so…!]

[Subaru: I’ll be like this no matter how many times you vent your anger at me, it’s fine. Even if the flames of regret don’t seem like they’re vanishing right now, if you keep pouring them out maybe they’ll vanish someday.]

[Beatrice: They’re not… supposed to vanish…! Betty is!]

[Subaru: I’m so glad that you’re alive. So, I’ll always look forward to the day where you’ll once again get sulky in front of me. ――Because that hope still lives in me.]

[Beatrice: ――hk]

Quietly, after those sincere words were exhausted, Beatrice’s resistance subsided. Making a surprised face, Beatrice started to sob, there in body but not in spirit. It was a sign that he couldn’t continue this conversation anymore.

――Once every two weeks, Subaru and Beatrice would exchange anger and stillness like so.

After letting go of her, Beatrice once again buried her forehead into her knees. And after that Subaru couldn’t say anything more to the girl who had retreated into her own shell. Subaru’s words still weren’t able to manage to open the door to her stubborn heart.

Nevertheless, if he beat relentlessly against those doors, maybe one day, they would open. ――The mere possibility of this hope, was hope itself.

[Subaru:… Back then, I wonder if I should have told her I was『They』even if it was a lie.]

Exiting the library and leaving Beatrice behind, whilst keeping his back to the door, Subaru recollected this.

Beatrice had been broken clinging to the hope that Subaru was the『They』in question back during the attack on the mansion. She had been prepared for the end of her long, long mission, but both her fragile hopes and her sorrowful acceptance were smashed to pieces.

Would Subaru have been able to lie to her who had longed for the visit of『They』for 400 years about being『They』just because he could? And in that case, could her heart have been protected without burning it along with the burning Forbidden Library?

“Echidna: The fact that the Forbidden Archive was lost can’t be undone. Accepting the irretrievable loss of all the knowledge without inheritance is quite painful for me, but it couldn’t be helped. Though for you, compared to that knowledge, that Beatrice’s life was saved is what matters most.”

[Subaru: It’s inappropriate that you’d say so. It should be that you alone, have no right to say this.]

Echidna, who was still in the dream world, protested to Subaru who had mentioned his regrets in passing.

But, hadn’t it been Echidna who had entrusted the Forbidden Library to Beatrice, and let her have such a lonely existence for 400 years?

As a result of Echidna setting this duty out to her, Beatrice’s heart had gradually crumbled to pieces. And despite that――

[Subaru: If you hadn’t told her to wait for『They』…!]

“Echidna: Wait a second. No matter how you look at it, isn’t that sidestepping logic? I had my own reasons, and there was a need for it to be done. Of course, responsibility for Beatrice’s long solitude does have to do with me. But, my intent was certainly not one of forcing misfortune upon that child. I do hope you understand.”

[Subaru: Ghg…]

Receiving Echidna’s objections, Subaru hesitated in bursting out in anger. The witch’s words were correct. In the end, when he blamed Echidna, he was just shifting the responsibility from what he couldn’t do himself.

[Subaru: …In the end, who was『They』?]

“Echidna: Regretfully, I can’t let that slip from my mouth. Since the Forbidden Archive is lost, discussing it would be meaningless. Even if we were to find out who it is , he wouldn’t know about that anymore.”

[Subaru: Him… so it’s a man?]

“Echidna: ――Did my mouth slip? But, every way of finding him is gone now. In the first place, say you found them, what would you do? Let Beatrice see them? Or do you intend to impose a sanction on them? In that case, what crime would it be under. The party in concern would certainly be unaware of it, a crime that doesn’t exist can’t be sanctioned. Moreover, it’s not like you have the leisure.”

Irrefutable were Echidna’s conversational tactics, leading Subaru to click his tongue.

As a matter of fact, everything spoken from the Witch were probably correct. He couldn’t find any errors. He couldn’t judge them. Subaru didn’t have the time to do such a thing.

“Echidna: Beatrice truly did spend that time in pity. But, that isn’t to say the future would remain so, and there’s no indication we should think thus. How unexpected, it’s just as you said.”

[Subaru: …]

“Echidna: Even if devastated by regret right now, there will come a day where that child will be freed. At the time, someone will come to accept that child. Perhaps someone that is you, perhaps someone that isn’t. That is the possibility that living offers.”

It was sophistry. It was merely a front of benevolence.

But, that doubtlessly was also hope.

It seemed like cajolery from Echidna, but if there was that possibility, Subaru had no choice but to believe them.

Thus, the witch he was contracted with, no matter how clearly he could see that she cajoled him, he could not deny what she was saying. He could only cling to her, rely on her. As his only accomplice, keeping Subaru from forgetting his sins, was her constant presence.

[Subaru:  Just like parallel lines]

[Echidna: Ah, like parallel lines indeed]

In the end, finishing their conversation thus, were Subaru and Echidna’s manner of confronting their sins. They entrusted hope to the future, believing in the paths to possibility, awaiting the arrival of the ideal day.

It didn’t matter how many chances he had, Subaru would always find himself back in this place. He had dragged out the despairing Beatrice as she tried to stay in the burning mansion, even if she’d lost her Forbidden Library, even if her every day were to be met with relentless tears; he still had wanted her to live.

Even with repeated trial and error in many thousands repetitions of this world, Subaru hadn’t found a way of rescuing Beatrice without letting anyone to die.

Thus, clinging onto hope, he kept walking forward through thick and thin, through thick and thin.

I saved them, I saved them.

Today as well, he made these words his motivation for the future; he wanted hope to flourish.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

[???: Oh myyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy! But if it isn’t Subaru-samaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Did you come from visiting Beatrice?]

[Subaru: ………………]

Suddenly, he heard a voice from behind him as he walked through the corridor. Subaru reflexively stopped in his tracks. He immediately realised who it belonged to from the tone of his voice. It was because of that he regretted stopping, but he couldn’t ignore it because he had already stopped walking. Reluctantly turning around, the other figure stood leisurely, directly behind Subaru.

[Subaru: Is that you, Roswaal?]

[Roswaal: Mhhm. That’s me of course. Good morning. How was Beatrice today?]

[Subaru: …It had been a while since she’s treated me so haughtily. Well, anticipate some progress from now on.]

[Roswaal: I see. … Looks like you took quiiiiiite the beating, though?]

Roswaal narrowed his differently coloured eyes as he received Subaru’s dispirited reply. He was looking at Subaru’s face and neck. On them, were the painful scratches Beatrice had given him with her nails a short while ago.

[Roswaal: Unfortunately, I’ve never been skilled at treating injuries, and I won’t be able to treat those wounds. The ones who can use Healing Magic are just… Beatrice, Garfiel and Emilia-sama.]

[Subaru: It’d be a little difficult to ask it from the first two. I could ask Emilia… well I’ll think about it.]

[Roswaal: If you ask her, I am sure she’ll definitely heal you up. Or perhaps, could it be that maybe your aching wounds give you some comfort right now?]

[Subaru: ….]

In place of the reticent Subaru, each of Roswaal’s discursive words were as painfully sharp as a razor. It was especially so when Roswaal spoke his last words; Subaru narrowed his eyes to it, and Roswaal shrugged his shoulders up in a clown-like gesture.

The clown’s makeup and exotic attire, Roswaal’s appearance and attitude had in no way changed, but he was also decisively different.

Behind the way he addressed Subaru and his attitude towards him there was a certain respect. That served as Roswaal’s, toward the unpredictable existence of Natsuki Subaru, proof that he recognized his utility.

[Roswaal: But, please don’t worry about it. If you make use of your time, I am sure you’ll find a solution;  no matter what the method, you will dedicate yourself in finding the optimal way. If your desire is to save Beatrice’s heart, such a method will one day fall within your grasp. There’s no need at all to feeeeeeel anxious.]

[Subaru: It’s hardly as easy done as said. There isn’t anything so convenient.]

[Roswaal: You’re too modest. ――Besides, I don’t think that it’s easy, yes? But, that mere fact doesn’t cloud all of your achievements so far, that’s all I was saying.]

Respectfully giving a bow, Roswaal gave thorough praise for Subaru’s achievements.

As a matter of fact, only Echidna who was contracted with Subaru knew about his ability of 『Return by Death.』But, Roswaal had an understanding of his ability to be similar to『Redoing.』 Roswaal evaluated that fact and his achievements together.

As Echidna didn’t have any realistic power in the real world, it it was no exaggeration to say that Roswaal that valued Subaru the most in the truest sense.

[Roswaal: At the Royal Capital, at my mansion, and once again at the Royal Capital. And then, at『Sanctuary』, at Pristella. ――You survived those without fail, without loss. Indisputable, are the feats of your achievement. There will come a day, when you will fulfill my long-cherished wish, and for that I will do my utmost to support you. Please make use of it.]

[Subaru: You sure are optimistic. …Don’t be so sure that you can grasp me in the palm of your hands.]

[Roswaal: But, you need the blood of the dragon. Without it, that girl―― Rem will never awaken. Having reached that conclusion, you need Emilia-sama to become king. Isn’t that right?]

Subaru returned the stare with a sharp, cold look to Roswaal’s searching expression,.

It’s a relationship of mutual cooperation established on choppy waters, in which both of them knew each other’s critical points.

Roswaal would accomplish his goal by utilising Subaru’s『Return by Death』as he put Subaru in situations whereby he could achieve this. And though Subaru knew of those intentions, he didn’t have any choice but to advance by them for the sake of saving Rem, who was still sleeping.

[Roswaal: In no way is it a bad deal. You do you, I do me, and in any case we’ll both have our desires become reality. That’s why we make use of each other to that end. That’s all.]

[Subaru: ….]

[Roswaal: My strength should be useful. I devoted about 400 years awaiting this time. And to me, your power is the same… isn’t that so?]

Subaru couldn’t give any objections to Roswaal’s conviction. That was the answer that came out from when he found out about Roswaal’s treachery way back at the『Sanctuary』.  Whether for the sake of the Royal Election, or as a means of blocking against coming hindrances, being without Roswaal’s presence, was absolutely unallowable.

Even if he was just planning on using Subaru to make his own wishes come true.

[Subaru: If you were honest about your true intentions, and you told me what you wanted,  I wouldn’t be so stubborn, I would maybe even be willing to help.]

[Roswaal: What a shame, I’m afraid that’s impossible. You wouldn’t chose that.]

For the sake of slightly easing the sense of urgency, Subaru, who had tried to approach him in a compromise, Roswaal gave him his rejection. Roswaal gave a ostentatious smile towards the Subaru who heard that with widened eyes.

[Roswaal: Being conscious of it would be a disaster, you must always exalt your sole priority. Any obstructions, reasons for stumbling, everything will be judged, and no matter what can be discarded without second thought. And if done, that would be the end. This was all already decided, hence why you’ve become my trump card.]

[Subaru: ….]

[Roswaal: Isn’t this wonderful?  I’ll take care of my side, you’ll take care of yours, freely fulfilling our wishes. If it’s impossible even like this, that merely indicates the desire was insufficient from the one who didn’t fulfill it.]

[Subaru: …Ah, is that so?]

Crazed dedication, was why Roswaal supported his, that much had already been clear. Then, where the root of it came from, his refusal to speak honestly about it was also thus.  With this in mind, Subaru ended the conversation with Roswaal and finally started to walk away. With a posture that showed just how much Roswaal was detached from his heart, Roswaal stopped walking,

[Roswaal: Ahhh, yes. Right about now, Ram will be in Rem’s room. I’m letting you know, just in case.]

[Subaru: …..]

Unable to respond, Subaru turned the corner and escaped from his gaze.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

[Ram: Thank you very much for taking the trouble to visit my lonely sister, Natsuki Subaru-sama]

Ever since the agreement in『Sanctuary』, or perhaps, it might be more accurate to say ever since Natsuki Subaru decided to do things this way.

Ever since that, it was inevitable that numerous changes had occured in the mansion, and on the outside, but amongst them, the biggest change was perhaps hers.

The one who had greeted Subaru as he entered the room was a pink-haired maid who had given him a most profound bow. The one who had spoke this greeting was most certainly Ram.

Though she had been a girl with that had been the very picture of arrogance, after he had overcome the events of『Sanctuary』, she had a sudden shift in her attitude towards Subaru.

[Subaru: No matter how much time passes, I never get used to your attitude.]

[Ram : Again, I am really sorry for how rude I was in the past. Ram’s ignorance and discourtesies caused great inconveniences to Natsuki Subaru-sama. But since Roswaal-sama and Emilia-sama have ordered me to show Natsuki-sama the highest of respect, it won’t happen again; please rest assured]

Without changing her expression, Ram replied to Subaru in a manner dignified as any maid would be. There were no traces of familiarity or a sense of closeness which could be interpreted as friendliness in her behaviour, as there had been once before. There was a wall―― No, if there was a wall he’d be able to climb over it. Here, there was no way of overcoming it; more precisely, it was a distance between worlds than a wall.

Ram held Roswaal in high esteem and adored him. When Roswaal had changed the way he acted towards Subaru, Subaru’s value also greatly changed for Ram. The result was that she now regarded Subaru as someone she showed respect to.

Turning his attention away from that Ram, Subaru walked towards the middle of the room―― the reason why he had came to this room was the blue-haired girl who was sleeping in the bed.

She was lying on her back, her figure unchanged after 2 years―― that girl, was Rem. He had vowed to wake her up, and now he still hadn’t reached the conviction that he’d fulfill that vow. Just time was cruelly leaving the girl behind.

[Subaru: Are there any changes in Rem?]

[Ram: No I’m afraid. She still continues to sleep… There are a lot of problems on your mind, Ram doesn’t have the time to give any attention to her little sister.]

[Subaru: Don’t say such things. There’s absolutely… there’s absolutely no futility in thinking about Rem. Never say that again.]

[Ram: ――Understood sir.]

Ram responded curtly to Subaru’s firm order. Neither dissatisfaction or complaints were there, and neither was relief or gratitude. In regards to her younger sister called Rem, Ram had no actual feelings or appreciation for her. She recognised formally that Rem was her sister, but in the depths of her heart she probably had no room for Rem.

Her heart was completely based on loyalty to Roswaal. Having involved her in Roswaal’s plans, having decided to curb the wishes Ram clung onto, the effects of Subaru’s actions were strong indeed.

Even if Rem were to awaken, would her heart once again have room for her little sister? Would those sisters go back to being the much loved big sister, and her cute little sister.

[Subaru: ――Ukh. Ram, sorry, but let me be alone with Rem.]

[Ram: …as you wish. Please call me if you need anything.]

Grinding his teeth at the shuddering thought, Subaru felt terrified at being in the same room as Ram. Miraculously, before his trembling voice was let out, she had left the room. Fortunately, Ram had left gracefully, leaving him behind only an elegant curtsy without giving any objections to Subaru’s words. And so, only the two of Subaru and Rem were left in the room.

[Subaru: ….Rem.]

[――]

Lying on the bed, the girl simply breathed over and over again in a manner which could not be mere sleep; she doesn’t reply. The fact that her chest was gently rising and falling, and that the blood in her body was warm were the only signs of life within Rem.

All that Subaru could do for Rem when visiting this place was to take her hand and check her weak pulse. And that’s all Subaru can find comfort in, in this moment.

[Subaru: …Echidna.]

“Echidna: For you to call me, is truly a rarity.”

Echidna replied to his call as he sat down by Rem’s bedside, gently holding her hand. The witch who seemed to know all too well about how she would speak without necessarily being called, silently waited for Subaru’s words to be submerged in the warm water of his emotions. The silence would end after ten or so minutes.

[Subaru: The way to wake up Rem is like you told me before, right?]

“Echidna: Yeah. You could question the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』that put her in this sleep. But, I have to say, the likelihood of that is quite low. Finding those guys is next to impossible, and even if you do catch them, finding a way to beat their secrets out of them… Even if you were to just able to find a way to talk to them, maybe it would be easy to find a way to make them open their mouth, if you had the power…”

[Subaru: Ah, that’s right. That’s right of course. If I manage to find them, and catch them, and beat their secrets out of them to reawaken Rem, I can challenge them ten thousands of times. Even so…]

They were nowhere to be found. The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, those despicable blasphemers never showed up anywhere. Even when the Sin Archbishops『Wrath』, 『Lust』and 『Greed』 gathered in the Watergate City of Pristella, the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』did not show up.

Why, why, why, why, why, why, why――

[Subaru: If tracking down『Gluttony』is hopeless, what about the Sage’s tower? If the『Sage』Shaula knows everything, then…]

“Echidna: As a witch, I will say this. Even if you do go to the Pleiades Watchtower, you’ll just be going on a fool’s errand. The『Sage』will not correspond to your expectations. On the contrary, there’s even the possibility that the『Sage』will not allow your presence. Even you should not wish to drop in there to die in vain, right?”

He was denied once. He was denied twice. He was stuck. Getting help from the『Sage』was a no go. The Archbishops of『Gluttony』were nowhere to be found. Subaru’s wishes were denied politely by the『Witch of Greed』. Then, what on earth should he do――

“Echidna: So, you have no choice but to get the blood of the dragon”

[Subaru: With the blood of the dragon, we can wake up Rem.]

“Echidna: I refer to the Divine Dragon’s. Using its omnipotent power kept in its blood, I think you should be able to release the girl’s soul from her sleep.”

Echidna’s words were no more than a conjecture. But it was a convincing conjecture. Though she had said them with an air of avoiding them as being fact, the witch’s words were fairly encouraging. Thus for now, Subaru believed that this was the way to save Rem.

The blood of the dragon was considered one of the treasures which the『Divine Dragon』Volcanica granted to the Kingdom of Lugnica. It brought plentiful harvest to the lands, and kept away every disease, and had the possibility to grant miracles.

It could only be used by people with the highest pedigrees of social status in the kingdom. In other words it was those who――

[Subaru: You get it if you ascend to the throne.]

“Echidna: Of course. That’s why you have to make her.. You absolutely must make Emilia king.”

[Subaru: …….]

“Echidna: Back Emilia, back her and make her king whilst you help the people you wish to save. And when you get ahold of the dragon’s blood, you will be able to save Rem.”

Echidna’s words pour into Subaru’s mind like poison. He has to make Emilia king in order to save Rem. Making Emilia king was one of Subaru’s aims that he wanted to meet to fulfill Emilia’s wishes.

It was of utmost importance. Supporting Emilia would lead to saving Rem.

To make Emilia king, to save Rem. As a result, Rem would be saved thanks to Subaru wanting to make Emilia king. Therefore――

“Echidna: Therefore…”

[Subaru: Stop, you idiot. … Don’t try and swing my determination like that every time you can. Why are you trying to place Emilia under me like that?]

“Echidna: But that wasn’t my intention?”

[Subaru: You’re not very convincing. We’ve repeated this conversation many times, tens of times, hundreds of times.]

The witch often times poured poison into his mind similar as if she was brainwashing him. In a way to change Subaru’s aims, and lessen the value of Emilia. But that was something that Subaru could not let go. It they differed in this, Natsuki Subaru would lose his qualification to step on his own corpses that have been slaughtered so far.

[Subaru: You shouldn’t jam us between your own selfishness. No matter what you harbour against Emilia.]

“Echidna: You’re misunderstanding me. Well, it doesn’t matter how much I say, you won’t believe it… just like parallel lines.”

[Subaru: It’s better to say that we never agree with each other, like parallel lines, even if it’s a conversation that we repeat a lot.]

There were things which could not be relinquished in his cooperative relationship with Echidna. The witch claimed to be Subaru’s accomplice, and by lending Subaru her wisdom as a contribution, she planned to use not only Subaru’s 『Return by Death』, but also his way of life. Although, thanks to her ingenuous side, those poisonous fangs did not reach him, and thus they were in a state of stalemate.

[Subaru: I’ll get my hands on the dragon’s blood. By making Emilia king. ――But it’s not something I’m doing just while saving Rem. Making Emilia King is intrinsic with saving Rem, so my original intentions haven’t changed. Make no mistakes there.]

“Echidna: Mymy. As if I have any complaints dancing to your tune from time to time. You know, I need you to let your guard down a little, otherwise I won’t be able to save face as a witch.”

[Subaru: The way you execute your endgame is soft. Or rather, perhaps, when it comes to you, I’d say you’re soft at the core. You’re not suited to be a complete villain. That’s how I am saved.]

“Echidna: I see. I will try to keep that in mind.”

Echidna admitted her defeat with no great objection. Even if she could made use of this lesson next time, she probably wouldn’t be able to. To ask why, the answer would be that. Because it’s not something that can be changed.

Natsuki Subaru was Natsuki Subaru no matter what befell him. The『Witch of Greed』Echidna could only be the『Witch of Greed』Echidna.

Using the nature that they could never be capable of changing as weapons. Because in life, victory or defeat could only be found in the cards they were dealt.

[Subaru: ――Wait for me, Rem. For sure, I will wake you up. That’s why…]

――No matter how many times he dies.

His resolve was no exaggeration, the stakes he presented were quite trivial. Regardless of how many times he threw it away, he would continue giving his inextinguishable life away. If that eventually led to her waking up, he would feel no regrets.

Just that much, just that much, just that would be good enough.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――After returning from visiting Beatrice’s library, and Rem’s bedroom, he had now reached the end of his daily routine.

Subaru knocked on the room’s door with a rap-rap-rap. Then there was a knock from the inside that returned the knock. Without replying, they knocked. Replying to it, Subaru once again gave another knock. And that was met by the other person immediately knocking back. Knock knock knock knock knock――

???: [――Jeez, how long are you going to do that for! It’s making me reaaaaally anxious]

The one who who had lost their patience just a few moments ago was the one in the room. The door opened from the inside, and the face of a beautiful girl with amethyst eyes and silver hair could be seen―― she was the embodiment of supreme beauty that forever continued to encaptivate everything.

Art Source

If she showed her face whilst puffing her rosy cheeks, she would give an impression of tenderness rather than of beauty. Suddenly, Subaru started to laugh.

[Emilia: Ah, what are you laughing for? Ugh, Subaru’s such a twit.]

[Subaru: Twit… no one says that word anymore these days. It was Emilia-tan that started to return the knocks just before. I just went with the flow.]

[Emilia: You say it like that. Hmph, whatever. Then if it’s like that, I just won’t let Subaru into my room.]

Emilia tried to close the door, her face etched with annoyance when she heard Subaru speaking through his laughter. Seeing that, Subaru became anxious and put his hand in between the door――

[Subaru: OWWW]

[Emilia: Ah! Subaru, are you okay!?]

Emilia jumped at Subaru’s over-exaggerated shriek of pain after having had his fingers jammed in the door. Quickly jumping out of the room, she hurriedly grabbed Subaru’s aching right hand, and,

[Emilia: *Nom nom nom*]

[Subaru: Ehh, Emilia-tan!? Isn’t that a little bold!?]

[Emilia: Mmphphnn, mmhmhhmhpphhnomnomnomnomnom]

Whatever he was saying was muffled by Emilia’s angered reaction, and by her sharp amethyst eyes. Emilia’s soft lips wrapped themselves around the sore fingers of Subaru’s right hand. In between her soft lips, he realised that Emilia’s warm tongue was gently tracing the numb pain which racked Subaru’s fingers.

A sensual shiver traveled up Subaru’s spine.

[Emilia: Mhm….that should be fine I think. Subaru, it must’ve hurt…. Hey, why is your face bright red?]

[Subaru: I can’t help acting like a young teen, or how should I put it… it was such an unexpected development… uhh, well, I’m okay. Thank you very much. This should be good enough for me.]

[Emilia: ――? I’m not sure if I understood that, but I should start using my healing magic, right?]

Emilia’s face broke out in confusion as Subaru bowed down his head, sticking up his fingers which had been licked. However, she immediately changed her awareness, and began to heal Subaru’s fingers with a light blue surge of magic. She completely cured the pain that had been softened by Emilia’s tongue. After that…all that remained for Subaru was how he would clean up his fingers which were drenched in saliva.

[Subaru: I’ll wipe them on my clothes… Wait no, that would be gross. Having said that, I’m not advanced enough to lick them so majestically…!? But, if I let this chance escape…]

[Emilia: Ah, sorry. I got them covered in my drool. Yep, all clean now.]

[Subaru: Damnit――!? It was a choice with a time restriction――!?]

Not even taking note of the astonished Subaru, Emilia wiped Subaru’s fingers with her handkerchief with great delight. And after that, she suddenly looked at Subaru’s neck; her eyes blinked rapidly.

Beatrice’s scratchmarks had been left there without curing them. Emilia had noticed them with her sharp eyes, she gently placed her white fingers on those wounds,

[Emilia: Subaru, that looks painful. What happened here?]

[Subaru: Ah, Aaaah, This? I just got my neck caught on something on the way here…]

[Emilia: Liar.]

She interrupted Subaru’s words as he had been trying to smooth over the situation; Emilia spoke just that one word. She opened her eyes wide open and stroked Subaru’s wounds with her fingers over and over again. And then, she muttered just one thing.

[Emilia: It was Beatrice, wasn’t it?]

Suddenly saying that, Emilia’s voice was frozen of all emotion.

In an instant, a large quantity of pure white strength surged from Emilia’s body. It swept down the mansion’s hallway in one fell swoop and Subaru’s skin was caressed by a great burning cold.

The air froze, the chill caused the air to crackle, and Subaru said in a panic:

[Subaru: Emilia! Emilia, calm down! Everything is okay, everything is okay!]

[Emilia: …..]

[Subaru: Emilia! Look at me!]

[Emilia ――Ah]

He forcibly stretched his arms out and hugged the girl’s trembling body as he called out to her. He called out Emilia’s name many many times to her ear. He was pressed up right next to her as he shouted with his own reflection visible in her amethyst eyes.

To his voice, Emilia’s eyes shifted out of focus and a small whimper leaked out of her voice.

In an instant, the cold air that was spreading out all around the mansion’s top floor vanished. And even the overwhelming pressure surrounding everything vanished. Things went back to as they were before.

[Subaru: Th― That was dangerous. A little more of that, and Reinhardt would have come rushing in…]

[Emilia I… I… n-now… eh…?]

[Subaru: It’s okay, it’s okay. Emilia-tan is a good girl, a good girl, everything is okay.]

Rolling his eyes, Subaru sat down to face Emilia who had sat down on the floor. As she clutched her head, unable to digest what had happened, Subaru patted her on the back many times in an attempt to calm her down.

Gradually, Emilia’s breathing regained its composure, and then she looked at Subaru’s face timidly and said:

[Emilia: S-sorry? I.. acted weird again…]

[Subaru: It’s alright. Because any troubles hoisted by Emilia-tan aren’t troubles at all. That’s the role I want to take. Don’t worry.]

[Emilia: Y-yeah.]

Emilia nodded happily at Subaru’s words. Subaru would not let go of her body until her heart truly settled down.

――Emilia’s emotional instability was influenced by the fact that she couldn’t surmount the『Trials』of the『Sanctuary』.

In the end, he didn’t know what she saw in the First『Trial』which showed glimpses of one’s past. Nevertheless, whatever memories she saw broke Emilia’s heart into pieces and crushed her strength to stand up strong. And as she couldn’t overcome the trials, Subaru completed them himself.

Therefore, Emilia’s  progress was probably still trapped in the graveyard even now.

But, no matter for how long she rejects everything, and no matter how long she mourns, time kept going on. And neither the world, nor her surroundings, nor anyone would let her off with her stagnation. That’s why Subaru continued to take Emilia by the hand, even when she’d halted to a stop.

[Emilia: Sorry, Subaru. I’m still causing Subaru trouble…]

[Subaru: It’s okay, it’s no problemo, no problem at all. Rather, it makes me feel welcome.]

[Emilia: …hehe, aww, Subaru. Mhm, thank you. I’m okay, I’ve calmed down.]

With a brief hug, Emilia lifted her face from Subaru’s chest. The girl’s warmth left his chest, and Subaru stiffened his lips with a regretful look.

[Subaru: Damnit. I wanted to enjoy Emilia-tan’s softness just a little while more.]

[Emilia: Huuh, would that be better? If Subaru says so, I will do so.]

[Subaru: Nononono, it’s fine. You see, this is a trick I use quite often to cope with dissatisfaction. Gorging yourself until full is for cattle. I think rather than a pig in its sty, I’m more like a wolf who is chasing after its prey.]

[Emilia: That may be so. I also think Subaru is closer to a dog than a pig.]

[Subaru: But, isn’t it a whole different story when it comes to dogs and pigs!?]

Subaru calmed down Emilia with this absurd exchange. She now had a smile back on her face. Luckily, it seemed like she had forgotten the anger she had shown just a few moments ago at his wounds.

“Echidna: I can’t bear to look at this.”

[Subaru: Shut up.]

[Emilia: ――Huh?]

[Subaru: Ah, I wasn’t saying that to Emilia-tan. Sorry, I was talking to myself.]

Subaru instinctively replied to Echidna’s sudden thought waves, surprising Emilia. Naturally, the thoughts through the crystal stone reached only Subaru. Echidna’s contempt and disdain, who openly expressed her dislike for the state Emilia was in, also only reached Subaru.

[Emilia: W― would it be better for me to shut up? If that’s what Subaru wants, I will do my best to stay quiet…]

[Subaru: It’s not like that! It’s fine, so let’s talk a lot, okay? It’s okay if you talk.]

[Emilia: …Really?]

Emilia’s amethyst eyes started to swell with tears. And when Subaru nodded, Emilia let out a sigh of relief, once again taking Subaru’s hand.

[Emilia: Well then, tell me Subaru. ――What should I do today?]

[Subaru: …….]

[Emilia: Yesterday, I finished studying in my room as you told me to do. If it’s something Subaru says, there’s no doubt I will do it. So, can you tell me what should I do today?]

――She does what Subaru says, if it’s Subaru she will make no mistakes, she believed in Subaru.

Subaru struggled to keep his fake smile from disappearing from his face when he heard those words slip out of Emilia’s mouth. The efficacy of his smile which he had practised in front of the mirror was shown here. Thanks to that, Emilia didn’t harbour any distrust or suspicion; she was just waiting with her eyes shining brightly for Subaru’s response.

Emilia, who had been setback by the『Trials』of the Graveyard was trying to protect her heart by completely relying on Subaru.

It was quite natural.

By using the power of『Return by Death』, Subaru had completely eliminated all the obstacles that stood before Emilia. He had understood that Emilia had not contradicted how she had gained his trust―― he had gotten this far doing that. Emilia’s heart clung to Subaru, and having recognised that she was in such a terribly unstable state he had tried to 『Return by Death』, but no matter how much he tried, he couldn’t return back to the『Sanctuary』.

But still, Subaru didn’t think this situation was the worst.

[Subaru: Well then, I’ll please ask this of Emilia-tan. Today, just like yesterday, keep up your studies! If I do something important again, I’ll let you know beforehand.]

[Emilia: Like in Pristella?]

[Subaru: Yeah, like in Pristella. Until then, you need to keep learning. Preparing for an emergency, and boosting your own morale, those are assuredly the most important things Emilia-tan can do now.]

[Emilia: Mhm, yup, understood Subaru-sensei. I will do as ordered. So could you――]

Emilia enthusiastically agreed with Subaru, who had put on this dramatic spiel. Emilia had accepted his command with something resembling a salute trailed off her words at the end…

[Emilia: So could you stroke my head, if I do that?]

[Subaru: ……]

Emilia said this with embarrassment and a trace of anxiety in her eyes which were peeking at Subaru. Subaru gulped seeing her figure, and just for a moment he stood stock still. If that moment continued for any longer, it’d be easy to imagine the despair creeping into her eyes.

But, luckily Subaru had put on a smile before that could happen.

[Subaru: Of course? But what if I ask for permission to touch Emilia-tan’s silver hair?]

[Emilia: ――? If Subaru wants to touch it, he can touch it any time he wants…]

[Subaru: S―i―n―c―e! Since it mustn’t come as a reward. When good things happen, then I can promise to. I will stroke Emilia-tan. Okay?]

[Emilia: Mhm, oookay]

Emilia awkwardly nodded to Subaru’s confirmation as he gave her a thumbs up and smiled showing his brilliant teeth. And then, still holding Subaru’s hand without wanting to let go――

[Emilia: Alright, I’ll go back to my room.]

[Subaru: Aaah, since Petra will bring the food up, let’s eat together.]

[Emilia: Yeah, I’ll be waiting. Well, I’ll see you later!]

Moving her hand away, Emilia went back into her room. ――Seeing her silver hair which had now been cut short which moved as one, Subaru resisted the urge to let out a long sigh. When the door shut behind her, Subaru and Emilia’s connection was physically cut away.

“Echidna: Good grief, there are bounds even for ugliness.”

[Subaru: ……]

As soon as Emilia’s figure disappeared, Echidna started her abuse. Subaru does not deign to reply to her words smeared in revulsion. He had learnt to never say anything about it from the time he had entered this relationship with Echidna, it was a way to cope with how Echidna treat her.

Don’t talk back, and she won’t talk back to you. By maintaining that stubborn attitude, the witch would perceive it as a waste to open her mouth and would stay silent.

Only when it came to Emilia could Echidna absolutely not be counted on. And when it came to the relationship between Subaru and Emilia, though it didn’t seem as if it had changed from before, it was still different, and right now he didn’t have time to fix it.

“Echidna: It would be more convenient for you if she was a doll who would just do what you said, isn’t that right?”

[Subaru: ――hgh]

His throat clogged up at her cruel observation, Subaru regretted that he had shown a reaction to it. They were words he shouldn’t give any reaction to, however, they were words that he wasn’t able to deny.

Protecting their lives, protecting the future, protecting hope, and protecting the possibility.

That’s why he was sacrificing Emilia’s heart of『now.』Because Subaru was aware that he would not stop at just Emilia.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

He declined to join breakfast at the dining hall with the Emilia camp, Petra who had been on meal duty looked disappointed but, she carried the meals up to the room for Emilia and Subaru.

While they eat, Subaru followed up what the mentally unstable Emilia had been doing and when finally dinner came to an end, Emilia obediently headed to her desk as instructed by Subaru.

[Emilia: I need to do what Subaru says to become a good king.]

Saying that, Emilia psyched herself up, and Subaru left her room. Having delegated some of Roswaal’s Official Work to her, Emilia’s knowledge for the Royal Selection was a lot better than the first time he had met her. The fruits of her effort were proven day by day. However――

“Echidna: For anything that happens, in the end she’ll always come to seek your approval. An awfully interesting way to raise a king.”

[Subaru: Shut up]

“Echidna: You’re harbouring unease for it, allowing her to sit on the throne in that state, you know it’ll always be turbulent. However, you have no other choice but to do so.”

Having left Emilia’s room, Echidna’s words dripped poison into Subaru’s ears as he walked down the mansion’s corridors. It was true that Emilia’s soul had become unstable, and the willpower she had at the start of the Royal Selection had been greatly shook. But still, she would definitely sit upon The Kingdom of Lugnica’s throne.

And Natsuki Subaru will make sure he does that.

Repeatedly『Returning by Death』and removing every hardship that crop up in front of her, he will be able to dismiss any kind of impediments in her way and make it so that Emilia’s ambitions are fulfilled.

And doing so is not just related to Emilia’s desires, but also to saving Rem. Supporting Emilia, saving Rem, keeping the people close to him away from pain. ――Wasn’t this exactly the very future Natsuki Subaru wanted when he made the contract with the witch?

―― I’m sorry, Natsuki-san. This is farewell.

[Subaru …..]

Suddenly, a voice rang out, not within his eardrums, but within his mind. Subaru stopped in his tracks. Turning his head back, he saw no one in his surroundings. He thought it may have been the bad tastes of the witch, but that couldn’t have been her thought waves. It was something far different, it was a call from his own memories.

The voice continued to speak.

――I uhm, Natsuki-san. Even though things are like this, I thought of you as my benefactor. I thought of you as a person I owed a great debt to which I wanted to pay as soon as possible.

The voice continued to speak.

――But, I saw your decision and I understand it. You don’t want anyone’s help, and on the contrary, you’re going to try and somehow do everything by yourself, and you can do it.

The voice continued to speak.

――Therefore, this is my way of returning the favour. Since you probably will try to protect everyone who you are close to, I will take my leave.

The voice continued to speak.

――Well then, goodbye, Natsuki-san. Take care of yourself.

The voice continued to speak.

――I thought of you as my friend.

The voice continued to speak.

――You wouldn’t have thought that though.

[Subaru: ――HK!]

Just as the last of his words resounded in his mind, Subaru punched the wall next to him with all his might. A dull clunking sound resounded throughout the corridor, and Subaru’s hand cracked pitifully. As blood spread down his fist, Subaru breathed out a ragged sigh and put his other hand to his head.

Those were the words that Otto Suwen left behind that he would never forget. Subaru made it through the『Sanctuary』, chased away the Sizeable Hare Witchbeast, took Beatrice out of the burning mansion and overcame all of these events. And then Otto said that to him and left the mansion.

And even if more than a year had passed since then, his back in the moment he left never disappeared from Subaru’s mind. It seemed as if he’d condemned Subaru for choosing to save everyone.

“Echidna: But, you didn’t stop him. The fact that there were fewer people to protect would have been a blessing for you.”

[Subaru: No. Such a motive spurn from just calculation wasn’t the reason why I didn’t stop him. It was just because I respected the guy’s intention. From the start, he was a guy who had no reason to stay here.]

He was trying to repay him for purchasing his cargo and saving him from the Witch Cult. But, he had already repaid Subaru by having driven the Dragon Carriage to where Emilia was about to be blown up.

And when it came to the cargo, even when they had exchanged the right amount of money, it hadn’t been a loan.

Otto Suwen had no reason to cooperate with the Emilia camp. If he had stayed here without reason, he wouldn’t leave the place anymore, and would continue being a merchant only for himself here.

Therefore, he did not stop him when he decided to leave. Besides, even though Otto’s『Divine Protection of Soul Language』was useful, it was not indispensable to win the Royal Selection.

In the first place, if he continued to be associated with the Emilia Camp, he’d still be in the danger from both the『Witch Cult』and the『Royal Selection.』It was better for Otto to have left here. After that, he didn’t ever hear of him again. They had talked to each other only for two weeks, so it wasn’t that that big of a deal.

Natsuki Subaru had others he had to protect by throwing away his life.

[Subaru: ……]

Stepping on the blood that was dripping down his shoes, Subaru shook his head and started to walk. Recently, a number of thoughts had been perturbing his thoughts. It was frustrating. It was irritating. More than anything, Echidna was taking advantage of it.

There were countless things to think about. He had no time to remain shut within his own mind.

He must choose the best, the very best, the ideal, the optimum choice.

And despite that he――

[Subaru: …..]

He came out of the corridor at a brisk pace, and found himself back at his own room. He couldn’t let anyone see his face right now. Natsuki Subaru was calm, Natsuki Subaru was rational, Natsuki Subaru was optimistic, there was nothing different about him than usual. As things are, everyone in the mansion must believe these things. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to protect those he wanted to protect――

[???: Oh my, it seems like you came back in a hurry.]

He went into the room, and closed the door behind him. Subaru lifted his head up towards the voice that was coming from within the room. Gazing at Subaru, the『Dark-haired Woman』was sitting on his bed smiling sweetly. She gently brushed her hand across her long, braided black hair.

[*Dark-haired Woman*: I should have been back on time, seeing you here, it seems I’m in quite the pickle.]

[Subaru: ――Elsa.]

[Elsa: Yeah, that’s right. The『Bowel Hunter』, Elsa Granhiert; I immediately came running, as Master ordered. ――I wonder, is there trouble?]

Saying that, the beautiful woman clad in a rather revealing black garment that exposed her feminine body alluringly tilted her head towards him―― It was Elsa, the alluring assassin whose figure emitted a poisonous aura.

Subaru easily accepted the woman who had entered the room without giving off any sounds or traces; he was not at all surprised.  And that’s because it was…

It was natural. She was not an enemy. Even though she wasn’t an ally he could relax his guard around, she was still an ally.

In any case――

[Subaru: I helped you out of the burning mansion. I give you work because of that.]

[Elsa: I understand. I don’t have any issues with you now that you’re my employer. I request only that you chose things that don’t go as far as being against my hobbies …but for now, I have no complaints.]

Pulling out her Kukri Knife holstered at her waist, Elsa burst out laughing, emitting a rather dark radiance. She was currently collaborating to provide information for the camp by working behind the scenes.

Emilia who stood as the head of the camp, an incorruptible symbol. Reinhardt who was the『Sword Saint』, subject to unwavering public opinion. And, Natsuki Subaru, who had surmounted and stopped many difficult situations with zero damage.

Unlike those three, who couldn’t act freely lest they tarnish their reputation, Elsa had many opportunities to get her dirty hands dirty. Of course, although you could call it dirty work, the work she did wasn’t necessarily evil――

[Subaru: So, how did it go?]

[Elsa: I’m sorry to report, but, it seems like『Gluttony』was nowhere to be seen at the place you sent me to. There was nothing but rabbles of ordinary Witch Cultists there… although, I did set them all free.]

[Subaru: Aah. You can do as you like. …But… In the end, it was a dud?]

Subaru frowned, and sighed at Elsa’s report who had delivered it whilst licking her red lips. Again, he hadn’t been able to reach the limit. Even if he was trying to capture the Sin Archbishop of『Gluttony』, he couldn’t reach them no matter how much he tried.

[Subaru: In the end, only『Greed』has been killed.]

[Elsa: That, and『Wrath』was captured. I think that was a success, but I guess it might not be for you.]

[Subaru: …Anyway, I understood your report. For now, stay on standby until I need you again. I will get in touch with you from here once more when I want to request something of you again.]

[Elsa: Okay. ――Well, I suppose I’ll have to wait.]

Without further replying to Elsa’s words, Subaru quickly gave her his instructions. Receiving his instructions, she stood up without any particular care to them, and walked towards the window.

Since Subaru’s room was on the third floor of the mansion, she had probably came in through the window. Subaru felt no surprise at her acrobatics――

[Subaru: Ah, wait, Elsa. There’s one more thing I want you to tell me.]

[Elsa: ――? What may that be, I don’t really know anything of much importance.]

[Subaru: This isn’t anything too important. If you came from outside… how was the weather beyond the forest? Was it raining or was it clear?]

[Elsa: The weather? Eeh, there was no particular issue with it. Although there are clouds out, there’s no need to worry about it getting worse. Is that all?]

[Subaru: No…]

Cocking his head to the side, Subaru gazed at the Magic Hour Crystal in his room. Right now, it was already the time of fire―― It had already gone past 7 O’clock Solartime and was now way past noon.

To make sure of this, Subaru walked towards where Elsa was, her feet placed on the windowsill.

[Subaru: I want to ask you to do something. ――Please lop off my head with that knife.]

[Elsa: ――Your head… I wonder… have you lost it already?]

[Subaru: Are you calling me insane? I’m just asking you to do something that has to be done.]

Elsa curiously widened her eyes at Subaru’s remarks, and then let out a ferocious presence. But, Subaru’s attitude remained unflinching as the sun’s rays bathed him. Seeing that, Elsa shrugged her shoulders.

[Elsa: As a rule of thumb, people who have their heads lopped off typically die you know.]

[Subaru: I suppose I also apply to that rule. I don’t know about you though.]

[Elsa: I think I would also die if my head were to come off. …Are you sure about this?]

[Subaru: I should have said this when I helped you. ――I will ask for a single unrelated thing, so listen to what I have to say then. Right now’s the time.]

All of a sudden, Elsa narrowed her eyes at Subaru repeating himself. And then, picking up her arme de guerre, she started to twirl the sharp blade of her Kukri Knife around the palm of her hand,

[Elsa: Any last words?]

[Subaru: Make it painless.]

[Elsa: …..]

[Subaru: Ah, also, after I die you can do whatever you want with my guts, but don’t lay a finger on anyone in the mansion. Well in any case, that’s why I have Reinhardt arou―]

Before he could finish his words, Elsa’s arm cut through the wind. For a moment, Subaru’s field of vision was toppled over. As the view around the room spun around, he saw blood splashing in the familiar room, and

―― Aah, cleaning the room is going to be hard on Petra.

As he thought that, Subaru’s life blinked out.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――When he woke up from his empty dream, Subaru always experienced a suffocating sensation.

However, his release from there was too early. Perhaps, it was because Natsuki Subaru was reconstructed in a different way when waking from his sleep.

[Subaru: ……]

Subaru jerked up violently, placing his hand against his forehead which was drenched in sweat. It was colder than the sweat you get when sleeping, closer to the cold sweat he’d get when losing his life.

In any case, Subaru’s body was on top of the sofa in his own room, and the sunshine was streaming in from the window.

[Subaru: Is it… morning?]

Touching his neck which should have been cut, Subaru rose slowly. Cocking his head, he checked to make sure that his head wasn’t lolling about somewhere on the floor, he checked the time using the Magical Hour Crystal which was above his door.

The crystal was glowing a light green, showing that the time was was early morning. Then the question that remained was『Which』morning was it?

[Subaru: …………..]

To find that out, Subaru touched the pendant he was wearing. The black crystal was fastened by a chain which connected Subaru’s reality with the Dream Castle.

A warm sensation and a pulse streamed through the crystal which he held in the palm of his hand. When Subaru’s pulse coincided with it, and when the white light appeared, it was proof that the world had completely changed.

[Subaru: ………….]

When he opened his eyes, Subaru once again was standing in the middle of the vast grassy plain. When he turned his head back, the hillock was there. Right besides the flower garden, underneath the parasol, on the other side of the white table, he could see the witch garbed in black clothes facing towards the white table sipping from her cup.

Going up the hill, he headed down towards where the witch was.

[Subaru: Hey, what day…]

[Echidna: …….]

Placing his hands on the table, he snarled this at the witch who was gracefully continuing her tea-time. However, she didn’t say anything back, she simply silently pointed at the seat across from her. That chair was empty, and a cup of tea had been prepared for the visitor. That was the minimum condition for participating in her tea party presented to Subaru――

[Subaru: Damn it, I’ll drink it, I’ll drink it!]

Grabbing the cup whilst smacking his lips, Subaru gulped down all of his tea in one swig. And just when he opened his eyes wide open from the warmth of the freshly prepared tea,

[Subaru: Ghhhuaa――!?]

[Echidna: Whoaa―!? Just a second, just a second. You do know that you didn’t really have to do that?]

[Subaru: Shut up! Playing the part of a witch that’s difficult to please, this only happened because you insist on such problematic processes…. ――Ghha, ghhk gh]

Subaru was choking on his tea which had gone down his windpipe, even Echidna stood up from her seat in a rush. Then she put her hand on Subaru’s back and continued rubbing his back until his cough subsided. Whilst spluttering, Subaru said,

[Subaru: Eh, what about the tea?]

[Echidna: Hh, it’s fine this time. Also, the tea I worked so hard to brew, was puked out by you, I really can’t put anything past you. And the table too, letting it stay dirtied like this is a pity.]

Echidna shook her head at Subaru trying to correct his transgression whilst he wiped his mouth. The witch looked at the table that had been stained by the tea Subaru spat out and lightly clicked her fingers. And then, the table started to come apart as if it was melting, until it vanished into dust.

[Echidna: Come now, you even dirtied the chair a bit. A man who’d dare to make me stand while talking is rare indeed… truly, you’re a sinful man.]

[Subaru: Choking and spitting out the tea is no big deal! ――Compared to that, we have more important things to discuss.]

Casting aside his banter with Echidna who teased him, Subaru pointed his finger up. What he had to confirm was just one thing.

[Subaru: What day is it today? It must be.. The 14th of Kisdam, right?]

[Echidna: ….]

[Subaru: Echidna?]

[Echidna: I just wanted to make you a bit anxious. If you are too impatient, things will escape from you.]

[Subaru: ――Echidna]

He had no time for the witch’s games. Echidna responded to Subaru with a shrug of her shoulders and said,

[Echidna: That’s correct. Don’t worry. Your『Death』brought you back to the morning of this day. It looks like your latest starting point was affixed to the morning of this day. Were you sure of that?]

Answering Subaru’s question, Echidna counterattacked it from her own side. On the other hand, Subaru was relieved that he had confirmed it was the same morning that he had『Returned by Death』to. And with that peace of mind, he shook his head at Echidna’s question.

[Subaru: No, I wasn’t particularly sure. At the worst, I thought I’d gone back to the previous save point.]

[Echidna: Your previous one was set at two months ago. You did so many good things using your powers.]

[Subaru: Maybe. Even Elsa is surprised every time, what an unfathomable feeling.]

Nonetheless, even the assassin Elsa questioned the sanity of her employer, when he asked her to kill him. Even so, she immediately put aside her indecision and obeyed; she was an excellent means of using『Return by Death』in an emergency.

[Subaru: It’s just that my『Return by Death』led back to this morning.]

[Echidna: That’s right. So it seems… If that’s the case, it looks like problems may soon spring forth again.]

Closing her eyes, Echidna agreed with the frowning Subaru’s remarks. The starting point of his 『Return by Death』, and the shift of his new save point. That was the harbinger of hardships ahead which couldn’t be overcome without having『Return by Death』

In other words, that meant――

[Subaru: I’ll still have to borrow your strength, right?]

[Echidna: It’s nothing, that’s our contract. Besides, to date, lending you my strength hasn’t done much. ――At best, I can try and meddle for you from here with all of my might.]

[Subaru: With all your might… it’d be nice if you could help me with just that]

[Echidna: …A witch wouldn’t fall under someone’s palm. If I simply do as instructed, it’ll set a poor example for the other witches.]

Averting her gaze, Echidna let out her words in with something like embarrassment as she streamed her fingers through her long white hair. Although Subaru didn’t remember perceiving in her figure something like the ringing of her chest, he felt as if he had seen something nice before the eves of battle.

[Subaru: Anyhow, I will count on you,『Witch of Greed.』]

[Echidna: I am sure you will. I will wait here for you to affront the impending turmoil. If you are able to, being more cooperative in satisfying my endless curiosity would make me happy indeed…]

[Subaru: I refuse to do that. If I went along with satisfying your endless curiosity, it’d be just a matter of time until the human parts of me wither and die. Who would try to satisfy you in trying out infinite choices?]

[Echidna: Truly a pity.]

It seemed that, with Echidna’s light-hearted gesture, the tea break before the upcoming battle had ended. The point of『Return by Death』had changed unexpectedly, but in a sense, this meant he had gotten a chance to give the first strike.

[Subaru: If I use『Return by Death』to make the first strike, could I make a surprise attack?]

Musing about this, Subaru went down the hill and moved towards the door that would take him back to reality. Echidna softly raised her voice to him, behind his back.

[Echidna: Come to think of it…]

[Subaru: Yeah?]

[Echidna: If you hadn’t grasped that the point of『Return by Death』changed, why did you expressly use『Return by Death』?]

[Subaru: Aah, that was because――]

Because――

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Going through the dream world’s door, Natsuki Subaru consciousness spiraled back towards reality.

[Subaru: ……]

Looking up at above the door, the time shown by the Magical Hour Crystal hadn’t changed since before. As always, Subaru headed towards the bathroom. He washed his face, brushed his teeth, took the trouble to put on his fake smile, and finally quickly changed his clothes. And, just as he finished…

[???: … Subaru-sama, are you awake?]

The sound of a knock from outside his room reached him, and Subaru got up from the sofa on-time. Then, putting his hand on the door, he opened the door.

[???: I―]

[Subaru: Hey, good morning, Petra. You look cute this morning too.]

The door opened abruptly and Petra stood on the other side, her eyes wide open. But, after realising that Subaru was just teasing her, she laughed.

[Petra: Jeez, please don’t surprise me like that.]

[Subaru: I’m sorry I’m sorry. Well, Petra. Aren’t you going to greet me?]

[Petra: Really, you can’t regret it even a little? Hmph… okay, good morning, Subaru-sama. Today is once again a splendid morning you know.]

Without mentioning Subaru’s frivolous attitude, Petra continued to give him her lovely smile. Her words were exactly the same as the morning before『Returning by Death』. That being so, the next things she would say be exactly the same.

[Subaru: I agree, it’s a splendid morning. Today too, Petra looks cute, I don’t even need to say it.]

[Petra: Subaru’s still saying such things.… Ah, but there are clouds hanging over the sky beyond the forest, it seems that the weather may get worse this afternoon. I have plans to go shopping this afternoon, I hope it’ll stay sunnyyyyyy]

He listened to the girl talk about what she wanted to do, speaking in a manner which befitted her age. Subaru started to laugh. Seeing that, Petra puffed out her cheeks, but Subaru hastily replied with a, [I’m sorry, I’m sorry] and continued to speak,

[Subaru: But, rest assured Petra. Today will stay sunny. The clouds give off a false impression and won’t be a problem. I can say that for definite.]

[Petra: Huh? Really? That’s super helpful. … But, how do you know?]

[Subaru: Well, that’s because…]

Petra inclined her head in doubt and widened her eyes at Subaru’s assertion. Giving her a full-toothed smile, Subaru answered the girl’s query.

[Subaru: ――Because I just returned for this, putting my life on the line for it.]

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

A meadow of green, a garden’s fragrance drifting through the hillock, a white parasol and white table in fixed position, a black dress as if in mourning, a girl with white hair elegantly tilting her teacup.

As she relished the warm taste of the tea, the witch allowed an insouciant sigh to escape.

[Echidna: Using one’s own life, to save them, to protect them, to keep someone from them, contributing it thus. How virtuous, how noble, surely deserving of everyone’s exaltation. Furthermore, not just the once, but challenging an endless cycle of hardships, is the impression it can’t help but give.]

Pressing her hands to her chest, the witch considered the boy with whom she’d had a contract.

Desperately seeking his ideal, pressing onward despite being struck endlessly by reality. Possessing the most wretched power of『Return by Death』as his own, all in order to love someone.

[Echidna: ――However, dedicating life to『Return by Death』, to protect one’s surroundings, is a double-edged sword. Too disdainful of one’s own life, too stubborn about the value of other lives. Because the value of one’s own life can no longer be seen, the lives of those precious others become too desperately consequential. This time, anything that isn’t the lives of those precious others『aside』, is unseeable. That is, downright…]

No matter when, no matter where, that singular attitude of clinging to what could absolutely not be scoured, was downright foolish.

[Echidna: ——You truly are, someone who can satisfy me.]

Cheeks reddened as if a maiden in the throes of infatuation, the witch longed for the absent boy.

Through the crystal gemstone, he crossed the gate, bringing absolutely everything of the world into her palm. And when the afflictions and hardship shattered him, every time, he unconsciously came to rely on the witch.

To keep his spirit afloat, enduring the temptation of a witch, even if he became a marionette.

In order merely to check the weather, adapting a mentality which was unhesitating to use『Return by Death』, even that had gone unnoticed.

[Echidna: But, I want you to rest assured. The lives of those who you prize, I will also wholeheartedly gamble my very wisdom on protecting them. So, for this you too—―]

― To satisfy this inexhaustible curiosity of a witch, I want to continue as your accomplice.

Suffering and unreasonable fate, from now forth would equally descend endlessly upon the boy.

Though the hardships be arduous, though the heights be insurmountable, the boy with the witch’s aid, lending one another strength and wisdom, found themselves able to cross.

Presented by the『Witch of Greed』was that love of scorching flame.

[Echidna: Ah, even so――]

The boy crossed the grand gate, the boy sprinted to offer protection, the boy’s guardianship bore fruit; feeling many scarred hearts resulting from the boy’s protection, the witch sighed.

A proposition that would remain sempiternally unsolved, and yet an enigma that would eternally enthrall her, even in death.

Ah, even so――

[Echidna: ――Why does love, always fade?]

Art Source

--- Re: Tsugihagu IF (Gluttony Route) ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated by :

Proofread by :

Fan Art Source :

And with huge gratitude to Erifuru’s Help, check out his Spanish Translations here

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI, THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and even now, as he patched himself together, he was still incomplete――

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Hey, do you know my name?]

The little girl, Amue Sears, held her breath at that question.

It was quite an ordinary question, without any real coherence to it. It should have been a dull question that wouldn’t have required much time or preparation to answer. If you know it, you know. If you don’t know it, you don’t. That’s all it was.

Amue:「――――」

But, Amue’s voice did not come out at that question, even if it were to be seen at face value.

Life was a series of choices. This was the reality which even Amue, who had just turned 14 years of age, was well aware of from her experiences in her short life.

When it comes to life, decisions have to be made in just about everything. It begins from small, ordinary things, or, perhaps it was a variety of the big decisions that affect life. But, setting aside whether they were big or small, life was made up entirely of decisions.

And now, a question which held the greatest weight of her 14 years alive was raised at Amue Sears. Or perhaps, it was the greatest decision of her life. That dull, insignificant question, with nothing special about it, that had been raised just before, was that very thing.

???: [――Hey, do you know my name?]

The repeated question kept tightening Amue’s throat. Nevertheless, the one who had raised the question didn’t seem to have wanted to cause that. It was even a kindness to repeat the question once again; such a consideration felt like quite an imbalance.

If it was the one questioning that was tormenting Amue, then it was also the one questioning that held the most anxiety for Amue. In truth, she understood that he was just seeking an answer to the question. That’s why Amue would have to grope for the right solution amongst the options, without any hints other than what was available from pondering it over within her head.

――What would really be the correct answer?

Know it, or don’t know it : which was the one that the questioner was looking for? Or perhaps it would be better to answer that she knew it, even if she didn’t? Or, would it be better to answer that she didn’t know it, even if she did? ――Amue’s heart shrieked at the two anguishing choices.

???: [――Hey. Do. You. Know. My. Name?]

Each part of the question that was once again repeated was punctuated in impatience. Even if they didn’t understand each other, would that make him anxious? That fear plucked at Amue’s chest. To be honest, she could be convinced that if she didn’t answer with either a “Yes” or “No” that it’d be unconditionally impossible to meet the questioner’s expectations.

She couldn’t end it still without saying anything, still without giving a response, and still without making a decision. She would not be set free. ――Only in that, there was no doubt.

Amue:「――――」

Still her voice didn’t come out. She returned the gaze of those black eyes which were right in front of her. Amue pondered. Within those vacant black eyes, the terrible visage of the haggard Amue herself could be seen within them. She really didn’t want to say it out loud, but in her own appearance, she was self-conscious of the way she could be seen; she had become a mere shadow of her former self.

Being absolutely terrified of the dominance of the questioner right in front of her eyes, she cowered.

Amue’s face was drawn out, exhausted, as if she had aged dozens of years all at once. If things continued this way, she’d end up dying by the mere pressure of the question itself; fragilely she――

???: [――Hey, do you know my name?]

The strong feeling of pressure that gave her the impression of death suddenly, quite on the contrary, inspired hope within Amue. Whilst Amue experienced the suffocating sensation that felt like her chest was about to cave in, a premonition that she’d answer the question and then be set free encompassed her. Just as she thought that, she realized that the dismal sensation that been dominating her entire body had started to fade.

A sense of suffocation had come from the strong pressure of her doubts concerning what she should answer. Since she wanted to be set free from this, she would need to bite down her anxiety at the initial question. Perhaps it was a kind of self-defense instinct, but for Amue in this moment, this appeared like a divine revelation. Therefore, with her lips trembling, she once again stared back into those black eyes.

???: [――Hey, do you know my name?]

She would be set free from her current suffocation by answering the question. With all her willpower, Amue finally moved her trembling tongue, and formed some words.

Amue: [N… no……]

In accordance with her heart, Amue replied that she didn’t know. She released her thoughts from the choices which had been up until then endlessly spinning around in her mind. She answered the question with utmost lucidity. In fact, she didn’t know neither the name or face of the questioner that stood in front of her.

When it came to her, who lived in a place that ought to be called the borderlands, the so to speak remote countryside, events from the Kingdom, even serious ones, were like rumors from a faraway land.

That’s why, no matter how much of a big shot he was, to her, he was a stranger that she didn’t know――

???: [――Is that so?]

It was a short reply. She couldn’t tell whether deep emotion or dejection had been put into that reply. But Amue’s decision had been formed. What came after was the questioner’s problem.

If life was a series of choices and decisions, then that was the same for anyone. Since Amue had chosen, the questioner would also have to chose.

Amue:「――――」

The 14 year old little girl waited for the questioner’s choice silently.

――She waited for his answer all alone in the middle of a village where no one had been left except for her.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: 『Hey, Subaru. Isn’t it time for lunch soon?』

Stopping in his tracks at hearing that call, Natsuki Subaru rubbed his stomach. The time had already passed noon, and now that it had been mentioned, he was indeed feeling hungry. The reason behind why he hadn’t noticed it until now was because he had been concentrating on walking about without heed. The main road continued endlessly on and on to the extent that he had to concentrate entirely on walking. If he were to think about where he was headed to, it’d get to the extent that he’d feel depressed; such was how absurdly long the journey was.

Subaru:「Though, a break is important don’t you think? My bad, Emilia-tan. Did you get tired?」

Emilia:『Not at all, I’m doing fine. But, it was just on my mind that I was worried for Subaru, who’s been walking all this time. If you’re alright, it’s fine, but…』

Subaru:「Nono, that’s right, my stomach was rumbling as well. I’m absolutely starving, almost to the point where my stomach was dangerously close to sticking to my back. Heh, how dangerous how dangerous.」

Emilia:『Is that so? That would be a reaaaaaally dangerous place for them to be, right…』

Having heard Subaru’s answer, who had exaggeratedly placed his hands on his stomach, the silver haired girl―― Emilia placed her hand against her mouth and giggled. Her features looked the prettiest in this world, and the sound of her voice was rather like that of a silver bell. As that smiling face drew nearer, Subaru scratched his head and also let his lips split into a smile. And, from beside those two――

???:『Don’t tease Emilia too much, I suppose. No matter how rumbly your stomach is, it’s impossible for your stomach and back to stick together, in fact.』

Subaru:「Oopsy.」

When he turned his head to look at the direction of the voice, Beatrice was there, a composed expression resting on her face and her arms folded. Subaru suddenly narrowed his eyes at the point made by the little girl who was wearing a pretty dress. Seeing that, Beatrice furrowed her well-kept eyebrows and said『What, I suppose?』

Beatrice:『Subaru’s face is a little unsettling, in fact. What’s the matter, I suppose?』

Subaru:「It was so cute when you said rumbly . Say it again!」

Beatrice:『Grrrrr, in fact! Don’t get caught up in such strange things, I suppose!』

With her face flushed, Beatrice snapped back at Subaru’s frivolous words. Subaru and Emilia both exchanged glances and laughed seeing how Beatrice had reacted. She had puffed out her cheeks even more. Seeing her like that was really cute. ――There was no mistake about it. If he were to tell her this directly, he would probably dampen her mood. After confirming that, Subaru rolled up one of his sleeves with an「Alright!」

Subaru:「Well then, how about we take advantage of Emilia-tan’s concern and start lunchtime? For the time being, let me show off my talent. Any requests?」

Emilia:『Ah, well then, I want you to use mayonnaise. Hey, look, I imagine Ram just made some mayonnaise again, right?』

Subaru:「Of course, of course, it’s my pleeeeasure if that’s Emilia-tan’s order! Luckily, there’s plenty thanks to Ram’s stockpiles. She finally recognized the appeal mayonnaise has…」

Ram:『――Stop saying such idiotic things.』

Subaru:「Uwaaa!?」

After he placed down the baggages that he had been carrying, Subaru started to make a campsite just off of the main road. Seeing some slender legs standing roughly beside him, pale pink eyes were staring down at the surprised Subaru. The figure stood embracing her own arms, an air of majesticness about her. The girl held a look that showed nary a trace of hospitality as a stark contrast to the maid outfit she donned――

Subaru:「That was quite the abrupt greeting, eh, Ram. At least let me finish what I’m saying!」

Ram:『Hah! Stop making me laugh. I only help out in making mayonnaise because it’s a professional order. Would Ram trust in such a flavoring that’s just sour and white? Disgusting.』

Subaru:「Saying it’s disgusting is such an overstatement! To begin with, you shouldn’t be able to deny the explosive power of using mayonnaise on steamed potatoes! I won’t let you say that the taste is a lie!」

A flavor coated in plenty of mayonnaise on the steamed potatoes that came fresh from the oven which were full of salt. The sweetness of the forbidden flavors which overwhelmed one’s tongue was an Eden that should be savored by any mayonnaise lover at least once―― Potatoes and mayonnaise indisputably held the highest compatibility with each other that could never lose its luster.

Subaru’s mouth watered as he recalled that splendid harmony of taste. Were the ones next to Subaru imagining the same taste? He could see Emilia and Beatrice’s eyes shimmering.

Subaru:「Look at that, the reactions of two cute gourmands! Seeing that, can you still slander mayonnaise with your heresy!?」

Ram:『…Ah well. It’s as Barusu says. The magnificence of steamed potatoes is such that even strange seasonings like mayonnaise can add value to them.』

Subaru:「It’s not that way, it’s the opposite! No, even me saying the opposite isn’t right, it’s more like you’re being stubborn. Isn’t that right, nee-sama!」

In the end, Ram would never yield to saying that the contribution of mayonnaise was greater than that of steamed potatoes. Even though Subaru shook his fist at that obstinate attitude, Emilia broke into strained laughter, speaking out a “Now now, settle down” to the two of them.

Emilia:『 Subaru, calm down. I like both mayonnaise and steamed potatoes, as well as mayonnaise placed on steamed potatoes. Besides, it’s rather just down to the fact that Ram can’t bring herself to be honest.』

Ram:『…Emilia-sama, please stop concerning yourself with speaking out Ram’s thoughts as you please. Ram’s target age is going to lower with Emilia-sama speaking like that.』

Emilia:『S-sorry. But, what do you mean by target age…?』

Emilia was perplexed by Ram’s unreasonable and unintelligible reaction. However, the feelings which had been expressed in the two’s conversation weren’t ones of moodiness, but rather they were feelings of unconcealable deep affection and faith. On the contrary, Emilia and Ram had built up quite an ideal relationship with each other. Calling it a master-servant relationship was quite a delicate issue as from Ram’s perspective she didn’t think of herself as a subordinate, however there were more bonds between the two of them. And only Subaru understood those well. In any case――,

Subaru:「I feel bad for Nee-sama, but Emilia-tan’s word of God takes complete priority. That’s the style of this party. Anywho, today’s lunch will have a whole bunch of mayonnaise!」

Emilia:『Yaaay, yippee!』

Emilia clapped in delight, and Ram gave an exasperated sigh. Even so, that was enough for Ram to not cling onto it more than that. Emilia herself understood its deliciousness. Of course, since Subaru was a true, unbridled mayo-lover, he would be the biased judge for this menu.

Subaru:「Of course, Beako loves mayonnaise a lot just like me. It makes you happy, right?」

Beatrice:『I can’t deny it, in fact. But, the oh so omniscient manner you speak about it in is irritating, I suppose. Betty’s anger isn’t easy to dispel, in fact. I want a delicious meal for that, I suppose.』

Subaru:「Hehe, as you wish.」

Puffing out her slender chest, Beatrice made her cute special request. Subaru gave a bow at the request. After seeing that dramatic gesture, and making sure that Emilia and the others were satisfied, they began preparing the meal. Even so, they couldn’t make such an elaborate meal in the open air. Of course, if they used the power of magic they could use fire and water like that, but,

Emilia:『I’m sorry, Subaru. I can’t really help you out much.』

Subaru:「You needn’t say sorry. Now is my time to shine, don’t you think? On the contrary, it’s fine if you fall in love with me again when I show off my unexpected creative skills.」

Emilia:『Jeez, you’re such an idiot.』

Returning a smile at Emilia who still had a faint smile on her face, Subaru set about on coming up with something to prepare the meal with the ingredients that were at his disposal now. Food was what provided their energy each day; he didn’t want to be shoddy with it. Checking the contents of his baggages, Subaru did everything he could to prepare a meal which could meet everyone’s needs. Everyone that accompanied him would be given tasty food to eat.

He hadn’t thought about it up until now, but it would be delightful for everyone to receive his tasty cooking that he had made to eat. That too served as a motivation for him as he made the food. If he were able to do such a simple thing so well, then that ought to have delighted his mother quite a lot.

Emilia:『Mhmhmhmhm…』

Whilst confining those emotions to a corner of his mind, Subaru peered out nearby at those who were busying themselves cooking and his cheeks relaxed at seeing the cheerful figures of Emilia and the others. He could even hear some humming. It was out of tune.

???:『Oho, the one on meal duty today is onii-sa~n. That’s quite worryi~ng.』

Meili had appeared as they were making the preparations for the meal. She turned towards Subaru, giving him a look that was not suiting to her age as she twiddled her fingers through her deep blue braided hair. Subaru returned her gaze with a suspicious look in his eyes on seeing her sweetly smiling figure.

Subaru:「Worrying, huh? What worries. I ain’t going to let a girl who says such impertinent things eat!」

Meili:『Wow, that’s abu~se. Besides, isn’t it Onii-san that tries to soak everything in may~onnaise? I don’t really like it at all.』

Subaru:「Wh-what!? You as well don’t know the charm of mayonnaise…!?」

Meili:『Don’t make a face like the world’s about to e~nd.』

Meili gave a sigh at seeing Subaru making such an astonished face. But, the shock that Subaru had received on hearing her reply was immeasurable. Even if it wasn’t tantamount to it being the end of the world, the shock he had received was like as if he had realized it was the end of this year.

???:『Even so, I think you’re taking it a little too seriously. Miss Meili was just saying that she was not on the same wavelength as you, who tries to mix mayonnaise into just about any ingredient.』

Subaru:「Ugh…」

It was Julius who had followed up Meili’s words, as she showed her objections to mayonnaise. He was a handsome man, who embodied gracefulness even in his gait. Julius, who had made his way over to him, grinned at Subaru all of a sudden.

Julius:『If I may add something, I too share the same opinion as Miss Meili. Thought mayonnaise itself isn’t that bad, its first impression diminishes when you put it on everything. You have to be careful with it, you know.』

Subaru:「You’re such a prickly, noisy guy. What was happening now was an issue between me and Meili. It would have been nice if you didn’t come butting in.」

Julius:『I guess in my role as one of the members here, it’s my duty to preserve the healthy environment of the group. Ignoring the seed of disagreement would result in it budding and on it blossoming, you will repent and lament it all too much. It’s my duty to give you advice before it becomes that. And with all that, you’re reacting like that?』

Subaru:「You’re a guy who always has a comeback for everything I say, aren’t you!」

Expressing himself in such a roundabout way, Julius poked at each of Subaru’s indiscretions. Feeling like he’d been cornered by his words, Subaru’s voice became rougher. And, having heard their exchange, Emilia burst into laughter with a “Hehe,”

Subaru:「Emilia-tan?」

Emilia:『As always, Julius and Subaru are reaaaallly good friends.』

Subaru dejectedly dropped his shoulders seeing Emilia’s gaze which looked as if she were looking at something pleasant. Also in the same standpoint, Julius closed one of his eyes whilst brushing his hand through his fringe.

Just this time did Subaru and Julius’s opinions seem like they saw eye to eye. But, it seemed like there was quite the difference between the way Emilia received that opinion. Since her jewel-like amethyst eyes seemed to view the exchange between Julius and Subaru just now as if it had been an act between two close friends.

Subaru:「Umm, Emilia-tan. I’m always saying this, but that’s a…」

Emilia:『That’s a?』

That was always a big misunderstanding, no matter what the circumstances may be. Subaru tried to explain that to Emilia who had inclined her head in doubt――、

Subaru:「That’s a…」

Emilia:『――――』

The words he had tried to continue as his explanation, the start of them halted, and Subaru’s lip stiffened.

Just now, Emilia’s movement, who had inclined her head and had been smiling in front of his eyes, came to a standstill. ――No, it wasn’t just Emilia who came to a standstill.

Around Subaru’s surroundings where everyone had been in the midst of cooking up until now, everyone who had been speaking stopped in their tracks. Everyone became completely stiff. ――It was as if the world’s time had entirely come to a stop awaiting Subaru’s next move.

But, the sound of the wind, the scent of the greenery and the boiling water indicated that it wasn’t so. The world hadn’t come to a stop. ――Only Emilia and the others had. It’s as if Subaru was awaiting for the images to catch up with him, to try and make them reappear.

But, just Emilia and the others had come to a stop――,

???「――Master~! Badump , I went to check ahead~!」

Subaru:「――――」

Suddenly, an extraneous presence thrust itself into the silent world which had been at a standstill. It moved in front of Subaru’s eyes, who had been kindling the fire sat atop of a boulder. The figure jumped nimbly, diving towards him with great vigor.

???:「Here’s to the quick return of Shaula! Master, please praise me and hug me and love me!」

A tall, beautiful woman, with a smile adorning her features, turned towards Subaru and said that. She was someone who exposed her clear white skin, and had long, tied-up brown hair. She showed off her sexy feminine body without any shame―― The woman, Shaula, let a carefree smile float across her face.

Subaru:「――――」

However, Subaru’s reaction to Shaula’s appearance was quite poor. That too should have been expected. She had came barging in just as Emilia was smiling.

Her exuberantly lively leap had scattered Emilia, and she had also erased all the others that had stood still. Subaru frowned at that fact.

Shaula:「Wh-What? Wha-What’s wrong, master? Did I maybe mess up again?」

Subaru:「…No, it’s fine. Don’t worry about it. You didn’t do anything wrong.」

Shaula:「Is that so? Well then, I won’t worry! Ah, besides that, Master I’m glad you’re preparing the meal! I’m staaaarving~」

For a moment, Shaula’s face had clouded over at seeing Subaru’s facial expression, but as soon as she heard Subaru’s backtracking, she went to over to embrace Subaru, her face with nary a trace of her earlier anxiety.

Even though he felt Shaula’s body pressing against his arms, and her hellish softness against his elbow and shoulder, Subaru shook her off with a blunt:「Hey, get off of me.」

Shaula:「Ah! Master’s so mean… But I won’t be discouraged. Bambambam , by attacking you in this way, I will snipe right for Master’s heart, soul and male instincts.」

Subaru:「Like, it’s as if you’re aiming right in the middle… Also, don’t go grabbing the arms of people in the middle of cooking. What would you do if I ended up burning my hand?」

Shaula:「If that were to happen, I’d gently lick the affected part! I would lick it and lick it day and night without letting go!」

Subaru:「That wouldn’t stop it from swelling…」

Shaula insisted, raising both of her arms vigorously. Subaru shrugged his shoulders seeing that attitude from Shaula and gave a feeble laugh. Seeing that, Shaula raised her eyebrows with a:「So, so!」

Shaula:「Did Master laugh just now? Did something amusing happen?」

Subaru:「What’s amusing is you, just you.」

Shaula:「Ehh, is that… a marriage proposal…?」

Subaru:「How did you come to that conclusion!?」

He didn’t know how the conversation had jumped to that, but Subaru poked Shaula on her forehead (whose cheeks were squirming, dyed in red), putting into his feelings of denial and his objections to it. Receiving that, Shaula groaned,「Oww~」

Shaula:「Wellwell, doesn’t saying “You’re an amusing woman” act like a legal right for a man and woman to fall in love with each other! After saying that, shouldn’t you just be continuing it with “Be my woman”!?」

Subaru:「Really, where did you hear such one-sided information? That pattern seems to have grown old even from where I am from already; you hardly see it anymore…」

Maybe it wasn’t seldom whereby male protagonists would handle these first-met events in games targeted towards women, or in Shoujo manga. But, Subaru didn’t know whether that was still in use now.

In any case, referring to Shaula as amusing was not so he could seduce her. But, as far as Subaru was concerned, Shaula’s reaction was――

Subaru:「――The thing you said was unexpected, it was new.」

Shaula:「――――」

Subaru:「That’s why talking with you isn’t… so bad. I have no doubts about that.」

He wouldn’t specifically say that talking to people other than Shaula was painful. But, when Subaru conversed with other people, naturally, it would be often that he would be made aware of his own incompleteness. And that was painful. It didn’t mean that someone was at fault. ――The one at fault was always himself.

Subaru:「The one who’s at fault… is always me. That’s why…」

Shaula:「In other words, this time , it’s a marriage proposal!?」

Subaru:「What the hell, no!」

The mood that came with that earnest speech lasted only for a second. Shaula let her discontentment rain at the shouting Subaru. She wiggled her hands and feet and said「Eeh~」

Shaula:「Butbut, in the place where I spent my time in idle grey, it was you that blew a new wind into me. It’s like that. Doesn’t that make it still a legal right within a legal right~?」

Subaru:「Absolutely not. So, where on earth does your biased source of knowledge come from…?」

He had intended to have a relatively serious conversation, but Shaula had completely broken that, and so Subaru abandoned the idea. Absentmindedly slackening his cheeks, Subaru went back to concentrating on his cooking.

Next to Subaru who was cooking by the side of the road, a meal was prepared for the two of them. For the two of Subaru and Shaula―― not for those whom should have been enjoying the conversation, i.e. Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Meili and Julius amongst others.

――Realizing that truth once again, Subaru’s chest ached in cruel, forlorn anguish.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

It was often that he was made aware that he was an imperfect being. And that really frayed at his nerves. It was quite evident that it wasn’t a healthy mentality by no stretch of the imagination, but if you were to really be put into that situation, then you’d be able to experience the sensations of his worn soul.

Frankly speaking, there was no doubt that the current Natsuki Subaru’s frame of mind was in such a state.

Shaula:「――Master, master, where are we off to next?」

Subaru:「Ah, that’s right…」

Shaula was walking right next to Subaru, humming as she went along, in high spirits. Looking up at hearing her question, Subaru pondered about it as he looked up ahead of the main road.

Ram:『For now I think we should head towards the west, right? Are you perhaps looking for civilization? If you want to get away from civilization then turn to the right and you can plunge right into the Great Waterfall, or so I’d hope.』

Subaru:「Don’t make such a scary suggestion, Nee-sama… That’ll be the only feeling I’ll end up getting from it you know.」

Her point wasn’t just candid advice, but rather it was said in typical Ram-like fashion, the kind that was like she was exchanging poison. Whilst keeping that in his chest, Subaru decided to head westwards in accordance with her advice.

Subaru:「I am going to keep on heading to the west… But, what will you do?」

Shaula:「Eh? Well, I’ll be following Master without ever letting go, right? Since the time we were separated from each other was sooo long, it’s gotten hard for me to be away from Master for even one second. Please take care of Shaula, who’s always watching over you from good morning to good morning.」

Subaru:「From good morning to good morning, you say… How Scary! Wouldn’t that be all throughout the day!」

Shaula:「Every day and night too.」

Shuddering at her rather grand stalkerish advance notice, Subaru cast his face down, a troubled expression adorning it. In all honesty, it felt strange that he had ended up walking along with Shaula.

There was Subaru who held shameful feelings of guilt and misery. And then there was Shaula who acted openly without any inhibitions. Though maybe with them as a combo, the balance of tension between plus and minus was kept at an equilibrium. But, in any case, even though Subaru certainly felt like he was helped out a lot by Shaula’s behavior, he couldn’t think of what merits there lay from Shaula’s perspective in accompanying him.

Shaula:「Master is Master; that’s the number one thing for me, y’know.」

Subaru:「…Honestly, I don’t really get you. Are you seriously going to keep following me around?」

Shaula:「Of courssse! Haven’t you heard of something called “Until Death does us Part”! I can’t let the love that built up during the time we didn’t meet go dry y’know~ . I won’t leave Master’s side anymore no matter what happens. I will even give birth to so many children, as many as in a baseball team!」

Subaru:「Don’t you go throwing such horrifying fastballs around…」

Stretching out her ample breasts, Shaula looked over at him with shimmering bright eyes. He covered his eyes with his palm. The depths of his heart were complex and hard to comprehend.

He wasn’t really sure whether he should call Shaula’s rather direct behavior flirting, but in itself, as a man, Subaru wasn’t necessarily unhappy. If he placed her eccentricity to the side, Shaula was a beautiful woman and quite attractive.

Subaru:「――――」

However, Natsuki Subaru’s heart couldn’t be shook by Shaula’s temptations. Because such human-like emotions were things which could only be permitted in decent human beings. In brief, it was because they were absolutely unattainable capabilities for the current him.

Emilia:『I think it’d be better for Subaru to be a little more kind to Shaula. She keeps giving it her all like that, and even for all of that, isn’t it pitiful?』

Suddenly, a chiming voice like a silver bell cut into Subaru’s hesitation. Turning his gaze to his side, Emilia could be seen peering at Subaru’s face. Subaru closed one of his eyes at her adorable pouting expression.

Subaru:「…Even though it’s Emilia-tan saying that, don’t you think that was really harsh? And here was me thinking that I knew how I thought about Emilia-tan.」

Emilia:『Uhm… I guess. Maybe. Sorry. Of course, I’m lonely too; but I think it’s pointless if you’re always moping about it. After all…』

Subaru:「After all?」

Emilia:『After all, I’m already――』

As she narrowed her amethyst eyes, Emilia tried to continue her words from before. He’d want to immediately interrupt if there was something he didn’t want to hear, but that was difficult. Not lending his ears to this Emilia’s words was more difficult than cutting off the words of God.

However――,

Subaru:「Whoops.」

Even if it was impossible to spontaneously interrupt her, he could still interrupt her due to external factors. Suddenly hearing a noise drawing closer from behind him, Subaru shifted his attention away from Emilia and made his way to the side of the main road. The sound of wheels drawing closer informed him that a dragon carriage was approaching.

At once, he pulled Shaula’s arm and the two of them escaped from the path of the dragon carriage.

Shaula:「Yhaa, Master sure is aggressive…」

Subaru:「Get off.」

Subaru boisterously avoided Shaula’s hug who had been taking advantage of him having pulled her arm. Having been shook off, Shaula crashed against some trees along the main road, and she let out a shriek,「GYAAAA!」

Giving a quick glance back at Shaula whose nose had turned red, still crashing against trees, Subaru waited for the dragon carriage to pass by and out of his sight, before going back onto the main road once again――,

???:「Hmm?」

Ahead of him, the dragon carriage that had passed by Subaru and Shaula let out a sound and came to a halt. It didn’t seem like it was due to any troubles with the carriage body. With that, he couldn’t think of any reason for it coming to a stop other than because of Subaru and Shaula.

It was still the peak time of the day, but the road was deserted. Subaru increased his vigilance for a split second as if he’d come across bandits or the likes.

???:「――You wouldn’t happen to be Natsuki Subaru-san by any chance?」

However, that vigilance quickly vanished too due to the call from the individual who had descended from the dragon carriage’s driver seat. After calling out his name, the tall youth who should have been sat at the driver’s seat of the dragon carriage walked over to Subaru, who had now let go of his vigilance.

It was an individual whose age was around about Subaru’s, with grey hair that was tied up into a ponytail. Though his gentle features didn’t give off any striking impressions, quite unexpectedly, his build was quite robust. He didn’t give off the vibes that he performed manual labor, but it did look like his work involved some at least.

Regardless of such a first impression, what mattered the most for Subaru was that this youth recognized him, and that he had called out his name.

???:「Ahh, it’s as I thought, it’s Natsuki-san isn’t it? It’s been a long time.」

Subaru:「Aaah, well…」

He was a youth that greeted out to him with the familiarity of no doubt an acquaintance, even though there was a bit of a distance. As he hesitated on deciding how he would respond to him, Subaru looked around to his surroundings.

Receiving that look, Emilia, Beatrice and the others shook their heads. They had indicated that they had no clue who he was to Subaru. Emilia and the others, and Subaru as well, had thrown their hands up at that, but he hesitated in starting a conversation whilst pretending to know him.

That was Subaru’s signature move, but he didn’t want to do it right now due to various reasons. Seeing Subaru embroiled in confusion within his current mental state, the youth furrowed his well-shaped eyebrows and said,

???:「Oh, perhaps you’ve forgotten? It’s me, Regin Suwen… My older brother, Otto Suwen, helps you out. We met once before at the village.」

Subaru:「Regin you say… Ah, that Otto’s!」

Regin:「When you say it like that Otto , it’s almost like you’re saying it like it’s someone else’s business, no?」

Showing a forced smile at that unnatural expression, Subaru clapped his hands together in comprehension in front of the youth―― Regin. Unfortunately, he couldn’t remember Regin’s figure, but he did know Otto’s.

Now that it was mentioned, Regin and Otto’s features did have many similarities with each other. There wasn’t any doubts that they were brothers, and also acquaintances of Subaru.

Subaru:「It was my bad, it was my bad. Like you just caught me now at a time where various things are going on inside my head. That’s why your name didn’t come to me right away, or something like that.」

Regin:「Nono, I guess it couldn’t be helped since you’re in such a busy position. The royal selection has reached even my ears living in the remote countryside… Nii-san isn’t causing you any nuisances, right?」

Emilia:『Otto-kun causing you nuisances… what a preposterous thing to say, eh? Everyone of us has been helped out in various ways thanks to Otto-kun.』

Subaru:「Yeah. Otto’s become a great help to all of us in the camp… something like that. If that guy wasn’t there, it’d seem like things would be far more all over the place.」

Regin:「Is that… so? I guess that’s good then…」

Though Regin expressed a vague sense of gratitude as he said that, it seemed that he was quite relieved to be told about the current state of his older brother. And after that, he flitted between looking at Subaru and Shaula who were standing a short distance away from each other.

Regin:「Even so, Natsuki-san, what are you doing in a place like this? I would think it’d be quite arduous walking on the main road without even riding on a dragon carriage…」

Subaru:「Aah, you’re quite right there, or rather, how should I put it… I’d love to make use of a dragon carriage, or the likes if possible, but due a number of reasons doing that would be difficult. And, regarding what you said before about what I’m doing…」

Cutting his words off there, Subaru thought for a second. And then, he found the right words.

Subaru:「The current me is in the middle of reconsidering my own self… you could say『A Journey of Self-Discovery』.」

Regin:「A Journey of Self-Discovery…?」

Subaru「Mhhhm, that’s right. A Journey of Self-Discovery… Gh-hahahaha!」

His own words were amusing; Subaru laughed involuntarily. Although “Self-Discovery” was a word which was common with young people, were there any other relevant words which fit this well with the current Subaru? If he thought about it, it wasn’t so amusing.

Regin seemed to have vaguely felt that something was out of place at the state Subaru was in, and he said「Are you all right?」with a manner of concern for Subaru.

Regin:「Is something in your body not quite well? For a second, I was certain that this was the reason behind Natsuki-san recognizing me so late, but since I’ve been mistaken for others often before…」

Subaru:「My body isn’t unwell, really. If you’re talking about how I feel emotionally, then I’m on the confines of the worst I guess. But, it’s thanks to you, Regin, that I’ll hang in there. I was relieved to meet you here you know.」

Interrupting Regin’s words, Subaru deeply bowed his head and expressed his gratitude. Seeing Subaru’s attitude, Regin continued to get more and more bewildered. However, it seemed like he had furthered his conviction that Subaru’s attitude before his eyes was quite abnormal. Regin made a resolute facial expression, and called out to Subaru with a「Natsuki-san,」

Regin:「I don’t really get the situation well, but for the time being, please come to the village with me. Let’s talk about it in detail at my clinic. You need to rest.」

Subaru:「Are you speaking like a doctor?」

Regin:「Though my patients are earth dragons, livestock and the likes, I am a doctor. Have you forgotten that too?」

Subaru:「――Forgotten. Aaah, that’s right. I’ve… forgotten?」

Regin:「Natsuki-san?」

If only he had forgotten, then for Natsuki Subaru, things likely would have ended up without him tasting the feelings of isolation that he had felt up until now. However, those feelings that tormented Natsuki Subaru were not easy things to forget.

Subaru:「Your village is further ahead, right? Have I ever stopped by?」

Regin:「Y-yeah, of course. In the past, when there was a bit of an issue, you, my older brother and that other guy came together…」

Subaru:「――I see. Thank you.」

He had been able to roughly hear what he wanted. He turned to face Regin, who had been daunted by Subaru’s words, and continued.

Subaru:「The way you… and your older brother talk are very similar.」

Regin:「Huh?」

Subaru:「You are quite the good guy. Your brother seems to be a good guy too.」

That’s why from hereafter, their『First Reunion』would also be terrible. By no means was it something that he’d derive pleasure from or look forward to.

Subaru:「――Shaula.」

Shaula:「Present; what’s up Master?」

Subaru:「Don’t hurt him.」

It was a short, nondescript call. But, by simply guessing his intentions, Shaula nodded with a「Arahorasassā!」 (TL Note: this is a reference to Yatterman (A Japanese anime, which also got a film), where from some research the trio from the animated film says アラホラサッサー！in one of their songs. I’m going to leave this untranslated. But it’s something like Hey, hey, hey.)

And――,

Subaru:「I’m sorry.」

Subaru apologized to Regin who was in front of him with a single phrase. The true meaning of his apology this time was far more clear than the vagueness of the one from some time before. However, Regin never understood the real meaning.

――That was because before Regin could understand, his head had been engulfed by light and had evaporated.

Subaru:「――――」

Regin’s headless body collapsed onto the main road without him even letting out a cry of pain. An intense heat burned the wound, and even blood couldn’t flow from the cross section of his neck.

Although it was ethically a mistake to praise how the murder had been carried out so skillfully, it was a blow that was so refined that he wanted to reflexively appraise it.

Subaru:「It’s a thing of splendor no matter how many times I see it.」

Shaula:「It’s the technique that I perfected sniping the Witch Beasts from the top of the tower that approached day in and day out, without having anything else to do for 400 years. Now that I think back on it, those are grey days unfitting for a maiden of age, right?」

Subaru:「You’ve lived for 400 years and you call yourself a maiden of age…?」

Without any emotion at the tragedy before his eyes, Subaru tilted his head at Shaula’s words. And then, dragging Regin’s headless corpse along, he approached his dragon carriage, that had lost its owner.

However, when the earth dragon noticed the approaching Subaru and the others, it immediately started to run away, trying to leave Subaru and others behind on the main road.

In an instant, a white light shot past Subaru’s side and pierced through the dragon carriage’s wagon. The attack penetrated into the earth dragon’s flesh as it still pulled the dragon carriage along, burning its insides, piercing through its head and finally snatching away its life.

Though it was a rather skillful blow, it was an unwanted one.

Subaru:「…HEEEY!」

Shaula:「Th-there weren’t any hard feelings! It was legitimate self-defense! It’s the result of having braced my legs trying to stop it in my own way! It’s just that my killing machine habits don’t go away so easily!」

Subaru:「I’m not angry. I’m not angry, but we may not be able to get ahold of a dragon carriage again now. When are we going to upgrade from travelling on foot…」

He had no luck at all with earth dragons when he brought Shaula along like this. Thanks to her accompanying him, it’d already been determined that Subaru would be forced to keep walking on foot forevermore.

Shaula:「S―o, isn’t it as I always say? Even if it’s not an emergency, when it’s Master, I will always carry you on my back~ And when I do, I won’t even mind if you carelessly fondle anything strange! How’s that!?」

Subaru:「It sounds like you’re gonna ask for money after or something.」

Evading Shaula’s temptation with his blunt words, Subaru pulled Regin’s corpse into the forcibly stopped dragon carriage. The large body of the earth dragon had also fallen onto the main road having received the same fate as its owner, all the way to the point of having lost its head. Of course, the earth dragon couldn’t be taken away with Subaru’s strength. But.

Subaru:「For now, go drag the earth dragon along with the dragon carriage to the forest’s vicinity. I will try go to the village that Regin spoke of. ――Do you get where I’ll be?」

Shaula:「It’s a piece of cake. I should try to make it so they aren’t found, right?」

Subaru:「If they can’t be found for a short while, that’s fine. It’s enough if they can be left hidden for 2 or 3 days.」

Getting off from the dragon carriage, he instructed Shaula to conceal the tragedy that had happened. Raising her hand in a salute of acceptance, Shaula grabbed ahold of the huge body of the earth dragon and easily lifted up its corpse in her slender arms. The dragon carriage also began to be pulled.

Whilst she went to hide the dragon carriage in the forest, Subaru turned to look towards where the village was.

Subaru:「Now then.」

Subaru started to walk, not without purpose, but with a set goal in mind. He walked straight towards the village Regin should have returned to.

How many people knew『Natsuki Subaru』 in that village?

Either too few or too many, whichever it was, it made him feel heavy in heart. But, although it was true that it was a matter of unpleasantness, were he to avoid it then he wouldn’t be able to pick the right path.

It was a heartless choice, but it was one he had no choice but to do.

If. ――If I can at least get back 『 Natsuki Subaru 』, everything will be alright.

Subaru:「Will getting him back even be effective?」

It’s for that reason that Subaru made the choices『Natsuki Subaru』couldn’t take.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru:「――Hk, hhaa.」

Subaru let the book that he had grasped in both hands drop the instant his consciousness spiralled back to reality.

His knees trembled, and his breaths had become ragged. An unbearable sense of dizziness, like the sort you’d get from standing up too fast, overwhelmed him despite him sitting on the ground.

――It felt like he’d never get used to it no matter how many times he experienced it.

Subaru:「Hhaa, hhaa……」

Brusquely wiping away the cold sweat dripping down his forehead with his sleeve, Subaru kept taking deep breaths and calmed his heartbeat down. Was the cause of his irregular heartbeat the chaos that came from the dissonance between his soul and body?

Each time he tackled a book, one after the other, he’d find that within the book, the thing he called 『Himself』had become hazier.

A sane human being probably wouldn’t be able to know the boundaries between themselves and others if this kept being repeated, and they’d melt together. Or rather, they’d probably lose sight of their very self.

Shaula:「Master, are you alright?」

Subaru:「…Yeah, I’m okay, I’m fine. More importantly, have you found the next book?」

Shaula:「Lemme see… I’m still looking. It’s like matching pictures, they’re difficult to find~. I’m really not cut out for this kind of menial work…」

Voicing out her concerns for the roughly breathing Subaru, Shaula crossed her fingers at her own disappointing lack of progress. However, Subaru had no intentions of blaming such a fragile girl.

That was because he was making her help with something unsuited for her, just like she herself was aware of. On top of that, there were bounds even to his inhumanity in going as far to rebuke the girl who’d been doing his bidding without getting anything in return.

What she did, was more than enough. There was a line that should be drawn even for Subaru, who kept running on the path of inhumanity.

Subaru:「I know that you’re not cut out for this, but I’m counting on you Shaula. There’s no one else who can lend me their strength besides you.」

Shaula:「It’d be nice Master, if you could say it as… just me.」

Subaru:「…Right now, the one I’m counting on, is just you.」

Shaula:「Hehe, now that makes me satisfied.」

Puffing out her cheeks, Shaula once again dove back into the sea of books with a satisfied expression on her face. Although presumably she wouldn’t hold onto that good mood for very long, her eyes were indispensable for finding the books.

Her presence was a matter of life or death for Subaru, even insofar to the meaning of her being simple manpower.

Subaru:「――――」

Subaru picked up the book that had dropped to his feet that he had been reading before, and ran his finger across the title written on its spine.

The title of the black book was plain and simple;『Regin Suwen』was written there.

That youth, who had happened to meet『Natsuki Subaru』in the past, had unluckily lost his life by meeting the current Natsuki Subaru―― Subaru had experienced his life in the book as if he were him.

The memories of his chance meeting with『Natsuki Subaru』had also certainly been there within that vicarious experience. But.

Subaru:「…They weren’t that well acquainted. From Regin’s perspective,『Natsuki Subaru』was a guy that came along with his older brother and it seems he didn’t know him well.」

Perusing the memories that had become part of himself, Subaru sighed, feeling as if he had wasted effort. In all honesty, he did think that the one who most wanted to sigh was Regin who’d ended up as the victim in this. However his disappointment amidst his feelings of wasted effort were also something that he couldn’t avoid.

Regin:『Hey, no matter how much you look at it, things aren’t like that, wouldn’t you think so, Natsuki-san?』

Subaru:「…Sorry. Even though I’ve snatched away all of your memories, the relationship is still far too thin, and reproducing it has become lower. It doesn’t seem like there are going to be many chances where I am going to pay attention to you.」

Staring reproachfully at the book with his own name written on it, between the bookshelves, Regin gave Subaru a rather profound look. Although it was to be expected, a hint of blame lay thick within his eyes.

After all, just about anyone would be in an awful mood if their death was lambasted as having been useless after being killed.

Being aware of that, Subaru gave him an honest apology and said “Sorry.” However――,

Regin:『Either way, I’ve got no choice but to accept that I’ve died. Besides, if your objectives are fulfilled, Natsuki-san, then everything will go back to how it was, right? Let’s hope for that.』

Subaru:「Ooh, you have the tolerance of a saint. I’m sorry to be taking advantage of your generosity, but I’m depending on it. I will pay back this debt when I put things back exactly to how they were.」

Regin:『Then let’s not hope for it, instead, let’s await it.』

Shrugging his shoulders, Regin waved and then started to fade from Subaru’s sight like mist. After he watched him disappear, Subaru put Regin’s『Book of the Dead』back on its shelf. And then, he picked up a paper that was nearby and crossed something out with his quill. ――The paper was a register which had a lot of names written on it. And just now, he had drawn a horizontal line where Regin’s name was.

Subaru:「…And that makes 23.」

As he counted the numbers he had squiggled out, Subaru cracked the bones in his neck, knowing he had a long way to go.

The library which had the『Books of the Dead』on show――『Taygeta’s』hostility was still going strong. And no matter how many times he’d visited it, it wouldn’t give Subaru a in-library search feature or the like.

Since he used it so frequently, he thought it wouldn’t really hurt if the service improved even a little bit. But, it sure was really annoying.

Beatrice:『Betty’s forbidden library was quite big too, but it’s not at all comparable to this one, I suppose. No one ought to complain about that again, in fact, Subaru.』

Julius『I agree. It looks nearly impossible to find a specific book in such an enormous library. You have to sit yourself down and deliberately apply yourself to the task. You’ll just keep exhausting yourself if you keep on going in blindly.』

Just as the complaints had crossed through his mind, Beatrice and Julius had given him their suggestions as they looked around the library. Their words were kind to Subaru, but that was why he stubbornly shook his head.

Of course, if he chose to devote time to it as had been suggested to him, then perhaps his feelings of wasted effort and anxiety would be eased just a little, but――

Subaru:「Trying to ease them would be a luxury in the first place. I don’t have any free time to sit around doing nothing. I have to reach a solution as soon as I can…」

Ram:『What if you don’t reach it? Will something change if Barusu hurries up a little?』

Subaru:「It’ll change! ――Everything will change!」

Ram glared at Subaru as he declared that with clenched fists, with her cold, pale crimson eyes. Turning away from her gaze, Subaru stared down at the list of names he held within his hand.

The list had all of the names of each person from the same village as Regin written down. Judging from what he consulted from Regin’s memories, the likelihood that they’d be helpful in getting anything conclusive was quite low. Low, but not zero.

Then, if that was the case――

Emilia:『Will what Subaru wants to do come true if you read the books of those people?』

Subaru:「Emilia-tan…」

Subaru hesitated for a split second at Emilia’s question, worry adorning her eyes. But, Subaru nodded at Emilia like he was saying it to himself above anything else.

Subaru:「Of course it will. Ever since… Ever since I forgot everything, I’ve just been causing everyone unimaginable trouble. This is the only way I can get everything back.」

Emilia:『I didn’t even consider that…』

Subaru:「――That’s not good enough!」

Emilia’s expression grew gloomier as if she were unable to bear to look at the angered Subaru. Subaru had raised his voice at her without meaning to.

And as he stared straight at the shocked Emilia’s eyes, Subaru continued to speak.

Subaru:「For crying out loud, please don’t say that. No matter what it takes… I will try and get『Natsuki Subaru』back. And after that…」

Emilia:『…And after that?』

Subaru:「And after that I’ll meet you all once again… I’ll meet you all and start anew.」 It was after losing everything, that he realized everything was important, far too late. Why didn’t people realize that what they had in their hands was irreplaceable until the load they carried on their back got lighter?

Unless losing everything and recovering didn’t go hand in hand, then why――,

Emilia:『――――』

Emilia stared at Subaru with somewhat feeble eyes, as Subaru forced those words out into a mutter. Complex emotions filled those amethyst eyes which even Subaru couldn’t read.

He should have been able to clearly see everything about her. And yet, his anxiety would be cruelly stirred up in the instances where he didn’t understand what lay in her heart.

What did Emilia think? What did Emilia feel? And how did she receive the current Subaru?

Those answer were――

Shaula:「――Master! I found the next book! Praise me Praise me!」

Subaru:「Ah, aaah, well done. You did great, Shaula.」

Shaula:「Huhehehehehe~」

Shaula, who had come jumping in, had forced his dialogue with Emilia to come to an end. Subaru gave Shaula a head-pat; as a result, her face relaxed and she gratefully accepted it.

The book she held in her hand definitely matched the name written on his list.

Subaru:「…How long has『Natsuki Subaru』been sleeping inside you?」

Receiving the book from Shaula, Subaru posed this question at the book that couldn’t answer him back.

Even though it was to be expected, the books didn’t concisely answer Subaru’s questions. However, answers did indeed lie within the books. All of his barbaric acts were necessary sacrifices for this purpose.

Subaru:「Fragmented, objective information is good enough. I’ll scrape it all up, and bring it closer to its completed form…」

Evaluation was something that was assessed and decided by the measure of others.

If that was the case, then if he were able to check everyone’s assessment and if the individual that was being assessed could be checked by the measure of everyone, then he should be able to reconstruct that person.

――And recover『Natsuki Subaru』.

That was Natsuki Subaru’s highest priority; his entire journey had been for this purpose.

Of course, all of the sacrifices that had been made, along with all the sacrifices which would be made in the future, were all necessary actions so that Natsuki Subaru could get『Natsuki Subaru』back.

If he could get『Natsuki Subaru』back. If he at least came back.

Subaru:「…If it’s you, I know you would take care of everything possible.」

The memories of Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Meili, Julius, individuals other than them and in general, all the individuals who had some relation to him. He desired memories like those.

Because, that strength should be in『Natsuki Subaru.』

Because, with that strength――,

Subaru:「――Save me.」

I’m counting on you, 『 Natsuki Subaru .』 If you’re a hero, then save me.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――『Murder becomes a habit.』

That was one of the phrases the famous detective, Hercule Poirot, left the world with.

The meaning of this phrase didn’t refer to a person who had killed a human being and then suddenly woke up with a preference for murdering people, who then kept repeating the crime to satisfy their cravings.

It referred to someone who once solved their problems by murder, and for them, whenever another problem arose, they would think about trying to break through the problem through murder again.

――『Murder becomes a habit.』

But, if killing really was linked to the solution of the problem, could it even be said that it was the result of murder becoming a habit?

Couldn’t it be said that it wasn’t that murder became a habit, but rather that unavoidable circumstances sprang forth.

The situation wasn’t that of adding murder as an option because it had become a habit, but rather such that there was no option other than to murder. Perhaps saying things like murder had become a habit wasn’t possible anymore.

――『Murder becomes.』

To hell with Hercule Poirot. Fictional detectives needn’t talk so pretentiously.

How could he have said it as if he saw through everything!? The reasons behind every situation, behind everything, are tangled together in various complications, with multiple layers of complexity to them.

Don’t disregard those things and make light of them by trying to apply those words to everything.

――『Murder.』

This was the only way when there was no other. It was the most logical when there was no other way to reach the correct answer.

That’s why it wasn’t murder becomes a habit, but rather…

――『Only murder becomes the answer.』

Yeah, that’s right. Of course it was. Only that was the answer. Only that was the correct answer. Only that would cut through the hopelessness of this dead-end; it was a last resort.

Emilia:『Subaru is always helping me out; you’ll end up finding a solution no matter what… My esteemed knight.』

Beatrice:『If Subaru hadn’t been there, Betty would still be completely alone in the forbidden library, I suppose.』

Ram:『Ah well… Barusu is a man with good timing. Even Ram will admit that much.』

Meili:『If Onii-san wasn’t so anno~ying, then I’m sure he wouldn’t have messed up his wo~rk.』

Julius:『Subaru, though perhaps you aren’t aware of it, but I was also saved by you. Your being was a path of hope for me as well.』

Subaru:「I know.」

I know that you all love『Natsuki Subaru』a lot.

I know that you all really care about『Natsuki Subaru.』

I know that the『Natsuki Subaru』that saved you all is a Superman.

I’m aware that everything that the『Natsuki Subaru』that saved you all did has been ruined.

That’s why I have to get him back.

If I can at least get him, if I can at least get『Natsuki Subaru』back.

If I can at least do that, everything will turn out well. It’ll all turn out well.

I have to keep going.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???:「――Natsuki Subaru has gone mad, and has killed Emilia, Julius and everyone else who accompanied him. I barely escaped with my life and somehow managed to run away and make it here.」

Everyone gathered frowned as they received the report Anastasia had brought back. The meaning behind what was shown on their faces was quite clear.

“Anastasia”:「It’s natural that all of you would judge this as hard to believe. I also deeply regret that I had to bring back this report. But, if we take into account the danger he poses, we cannot afford to look away from reality.」

???:「Anastasia-sama, even if you’re saying that, I don’t thi…」

Echidna:「――I am Echidna. Ana is still sleeping inside this body even now. Though, perhaps staying like this may be a blessing for her.」

???:「…It sounds like such a far-fetched story.」

The one who had cast his eyes down and then replied as he stood in front of Anastasia―― No, Echidna, was a red-haired knight; it was Reinhard van Astrea.

They were in the Watergate City Pristella―― Those that had gathered there were those who were involved in the Royal Selection. The battle for the city had ended quite some time ago, and each one present was awaiting the report regarding the return of Subaru and the others who had headed to the east.

Emilia and the others had headed to the east to borrow the『Sage’s』wisdom to find a means of restoring the calamitous damage the Witch Cult had caused as a result of the Sin Archbishops having appeared in Pristella.

They were embroiled in anxiety. But, they were awaiting good news.

The grounds to make them believe that lay in one of the members that headed to the east. Those grounds were in none other than Natsuki Subaru himself. ――That would show how he had gone mad, amongst other things.

Reinhard:「If I completely understood everything you said, then I can’t just nod my head at this story.」

Echidna:「Even if you can’t believe it, it’s the truth. He is not the same person you all knew. Natsuki Subaru has lost his memories, and is obsessed with getting them back. He has chosen the worst way to get them back.」

Reinhard:「What would the worst way be…」

Echidna:「The『Books of the Dead』that are in the Pleiades Watchtower… Within them are the impressions and memories of those who have died. The books can be read and understood. Unfortunately, since I haven’t read any of them, I don’t really understand the full extent of their power.」

Further confusion ensued after they received Echidna’s reply informing them of the strange power that the books held.

Of course, the threat that memories could be lost had been shown more than enough already. That too was one of the effects that Subaru and the others had gone to try and do something about.

But, who would have been able to predict that their journey to find a solution to that had ended up causing something of the same ilk.

???:「――I didn’t think Natsuki-san could do it alone. If his aim is reading the『Books of the Dead』, then how is he going about it?」

Reinhard:「Otto, do you believe this?」

Reinhard widened his eyes and turned to look at Otto who had let loose this coldly resounding question. With a glance at the『Sword Saint’s』blue eyes, Otto nodded with an「Indeed,」

Otto:「Anastasia-sama… or was it Echidna-san now? There’s no reason for her to lie to us like this. It’s too abnormal, and it doesn’t make sense. In fact, I can only think that something unexpected must’ve happened for her to have came back alone like this.」

Reinhard:「That’s… But…」

Otto:「I don’t want to believe it either. I don’t want to believe such a thing.」

Clenching his fist, Otto said this with a trembling voice to the persistent Reinhard. Anyone who heard that trembling voice would grasp just how much emotion was overwhelming the pit of Otto’s stomach.

Seeing the regret etched on the one he viewed as a big brother’s face, Garfiel, who was standing next to him, anxiously said:「Ottobro…」

Echidna:「…Otto-kun’s guess is correct. Even if in losing his memories, Natsuki Subaru’s behavior pattern changed… If he were alone, Emilia and Julius and so on should have been able to restrain him with ease. What got in the way of that plan was the one who was helping him… Shaula.」

Garfiel:「Shaula…? Isn’ that th’ name of th’『Sage』who oughta be in th’ watchtower? Did that guy do somethin’ to captain… No, this’s confusin’. It’s like in『Osmund’s Hesitation』…」

Echidna:「Sorry, but I can’t afford to wait until your confusion has calmed down. As you guessed, Shaula is the name of the watcher in the watchtower. Borrowing what she said, she kept saying that the『Sage』was her Master all the time. She ended up not being the『Sage』though…」

Reinhard:「There are various things I want to ask, but… just to make sure, is this Shaula collaborating with Subaru?」

Reinhard posed this question to make sure, and Echidna nodded. The place went into an uproar at her confirmation.

It was an unexpected betrayal from the hero who had tried to save the Watergate City from the Sin Archbishops. And the one that accompanied him in his transformation was the『Sage』, one of the three great heroes of yore.

Who wouldn’t try and lament the world in this cruel situation which was like a nightmare within a nightmare.

Echidna:「…It isn’t because I want vengeance that I brought the truth back here.」

Suddenly, Echidna, with her face pointed down, muttered those words amidst the confusion that was unfolding at her report.

Catching her reply, Reinhard raised his eyebrows and said:「Echidna?」As the gazes of several individuals collected on them, Echidna let out a short sigh.

Echidna:「Given Ana’s feelings, and the time I myself spent with Julius, I guess it would be justifiable to embroil myself in anger at Natsuki Subaru who killed him… But, I’m exhausted.」

Reinhard:「You’re exhausted?」

Echidna:「It may be true that I detested him, and that he detested me. But, even if he’s just a desperate child who’s approaching me shaking his fist, I’m exhausted.」

Shaking her head feebly, Echidna slowly stood up.

She had Anastasia’s face and spoke with Anastasia’s voice, but if she had really been her, then such a frail look would have never floated across her face.

Echidna:「I will leave this stage. The cruelty of ever bringing Anastasia back to this stage is unbearable. We have made undoable mistakes.」

Reinhard:「Doing that would…」

Echidna:「I know you have no bad intentions. But sometimes, giving up is the best thing you can do. Persuading me not to give up will only lead to anguish. I am… quitting here.」

Following that, not a single person had any words that would stop the completely heartbroken girl. Echidna of course knew that no one here had anything which would stop her.

Since she knew that, she faced away from those who had gathered, and left the place. ――And just as she had stated before, she left the stage of the Royal Selection itself.

Echidna:「I’m praying for your good fight, all of you. ――Please, I want you all to be careful.」

That was the final report that the only member that had returned back safely from the expedition to the Pleiades Watchtower left behind. All it did was stir up a heavy anxiety.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???:「……What’re ya gonna do from here?」

Ricardo, who was walking next to her, asked her that question as they walked on the way back. To that, Echidna closed her eyes.

The wound where Ricardo had lost his arm was serious; the part which he had lost that had once been a thick and burly arm was not attached there anymore. Instead, what had been attached there was something like a hook-hand. It could be said that the attitude of not giving up the fight even as he was now was rather like him, but――

Echidna:「It’s as I said. I give up. It’s wise. From this point on, I don’t think I will try and pretend to be Ana in her body… Though, at the very least, I will fulfill the minimum responsibilities towards the Hoshin Company.」

Ricardo:「What’re ya sayin’ the minimum responsibilities arrrrr…?」

Echidna:「The breakup of the company, and I have to try and help out the Employees with their next job. The company itself will probably do fine if it’s left to Vice-President Chuden.」

Ricardo:「――――」

Echidna:「I get that you’re dissatisfied. But, it’s something that can’t be helped.」

Though her true colors hadn’t been revealed then, Echidna and Ricardo had been together for a long time. Though it had been a one sided acquaintanceship, she did have an appreciation for the strong emotions that Ricardo directed at Anastasia.

And that was because they were the exact same emotions that Echidna held for Anastasia.

If Ricardo held emotions like of a father’s for Anastasia, then Echidna was the same as well; she probably held emotions like of a mother’s for Anastasia.

That’s why――

Echidna:「I think that I will part with the『Iron Fang』as well. From now on Ricardo, you are free to do as you like.」

Ricardo:「If I’m free ta do as I like, then I’m gonna search for a way ta wake up Miss.」

Echidna:「…If you still have your eyes set on that in this situation where our best chance was cut off, then I can’t say anything against that. It’ll be best if the young ones of the『Iron Fang』accompany you, right?」

Echidna couldn’t fling away Ricardo’s attitude as stubbornness like that. He too was serious about protecting the ones he wanted to protect, and not giving up on the ones he couldn’t give up on. There was nothing more cruel than judging his plight as meaningless before he started anything.

There was no need for Ricardo to give up just because Echidna had.

Nevertheless――

Echidna:「Even I don’t know whether Ana would be delighted by your attitude.」

Ricardo:「…If she scolds me, then ah well. And what’s more, how can I give up without first makin’ sure!? I’m doin’ this because… I’m Ana-bo’s actin’ foster father.」

Echidna:「――――」

Ricardo:「Can a father who abandons his daughter really be called a father? No matta’ what anyone says, I will… NEVER give up.」

There wasn’t a single hint of sarcasm towards Echidna in the resolute Ricardo’s declaration. However, being well aware of her own weaknesses, it stabbed deeply into Echidna’s chest. As a result, Echidna let a dry smile float across her face in admiration of Ricardo’s strength.

And then――

Echidna:「――Ricardo, you are really…」

Echidna was about to continue her words by saying, “strong, huh.”

Or, if she had the time for it, she may have wanted to ask whether it was possible for her to get that kind of strength as well.

――But, there was no time for that.

Echidna:「――――」

A feeling like a tremor shook underneath their feet, and in an instant, Echidna saw Ricardo stretching out his arm. His thick, hook-handed arm grabbed Echidna by the scruff of her neck and her feet were lifted up into the air.

With Ricardo having hooked her up, she was able to see what was going on, and that was the last thing she did.

The very next instant, a torrent of water rushed towards them with tremendous force, engulfing Echidna, Ricardo and the city, and then continuing on to wash away absolutely everything.

――The flood which the Witch Cult had botched up, now once again assailed the Watergate City which had previously escaped disaster.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru let out a short sigh as he gazed down at the city that was being swallowed up by the flood.

The city’s design was built in the shape of a mortar so that if water was poured into it, there would be no way out. It definitely was extremely effective, like pouring water into an ant nest.

Subaru:「As expected of the city used for the decisive battle against the Witchbeasts… the effectiveness of the trap was incredible.」

According to knowledge, the city had originally been erected to bring down a Witch, Witchbeasts, and the like; in accordance with that, the efficacy of opening the watergates was immense.

The water’s violence dragged the city to the bottom of its surface in an instant, and engulfed its inhabitants before they had any time to escape.

???:『I see, it’s a thing of splendor doooooooon’t you think? With this, many of the people that know you were dealt with all at once… I guess I’m okay to think that your self-discovery is progressing foooooward, right?』

Subaru:「…Shut up.」

Behind Subaru, who was overlooking the devastation, the tall clownish figure let his unscrupulous thoughts spill out. His facial expression didn’t express delight, though it did seem that he had gotten a suitable response in the results in front of his eyes. As the plan had been put into effect using his knowledge and advice, it’s wasn’t that he didn’t understand his thoughts, but.

???:『Master sure has poor taste… 』

The young figure of a maid was looking at the clownish figure with an expression of disdain. The young girl, who adorably gave off a seemingly intelligent impression, snuggled closer to Subaru and sneakily took hold of his hand.

Squeezing her hand back, Subaru gave her a fleeting nod.

Subaru:「Petra, how are things looking?」

Petra:『Umm, well, it seems like Shaula-san did everything right. Since all four control towers were used I don’t think anyone’s managed to get away… Maybe in the shelters as well.』

Subaru:「…I see. I’m sorry to make you deliver such a painful report.」

Petra put on a brave smile even when she was asked for her objective opinion.

The girl which Subaru knew was certainly stout of heart, but she was nevertheless an ordinary child with nothing special about her. Of course, that didn’t mean he didn’t feel guilt for dragging her into this, but――,

???:『If you’re going to get so emotional, I would have preferred if you didn’t start this in the first place. Subaru-sama is still such a half-baked individual, isn’t he.』

Subaru:「Ack, I don’t even have anything I can say back when you put it like that.」

The anger of the blonde haired maid, Frederica, who had brought her condemnations to him, didn’t clear up so easily.

She gave more weight to the tragedy that had happened to the people around her rather than the tragedy which she had witnessed. In that sense, it seemed like she’d never forgive Subaru’s actions.

This wasn’t the only reason why; it was also an emotional matter. Were he to look at this from a logical perspective, and were he to be unexpectedly honest with his feelings, he would be made to feel the kinship by blood she had with Garfiel.

Subaru:「Either way, I only know about Garfiel from others as well.」

Muttering it out with a sigh, Subaru gently brushed his fingers into his fringe. Brusquely scratching his head, he heaved out a strong sigh and shifted his attention to focus on the fight.

Clownish Figure:『Well then? What are you going to do neeeeeeeeext, Subaru-kun.』

Leaning forward, he gave a tch at Roswaal who was looking at him from the side. And then, Subaru declared「It’s as decided.」as if he were spitting out a curse.

Subaru:「It’ll go according to plan. ――It’s best to attack the most troublesome guy to start things off with.」

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Art Source: @GEAR_Art_

Otto:「 Cough, Ghack …!」

Garfiel:「Ottobro, are y’ okay!? Cough the water up! Cough ‘t all out!」

With tears streaming down his face, Otto violently coughed so that he could force out the water that had filled up his lungs. Seeing how dangerous his condition was, Garfiel helped him cough the water out; but, as expected, having his body shaken up and down, dangling upside down by his feet racked Otto’s mind and body in pain.

Though thanks to that, he managed to cough out all the water that had gotten into his lungs.

Garfiel:「Shit! What th’ fuck happen’d…!?」

Otto:「……The city’s watergates have been opened, I think. As a result, the streets have been swallowed up by water. Even though we desperately fought to hold the Witch Cult back, everything has come to naught.」

Otto muttered this to Garfiel, whose fangs were trembling, as they gazed at their surroundings at the spectacle of the submerged city. After hearing that, he took a look at his friend’s green eyes, his friend whom he regarded as a younger brother, and noticed that they were warped by grief. Otto cast his gaze down.

The current state of the city that had plunged into an all-despairing situation could be seen everywhere, even if one were to take just a glimpse. Luckily, Otto had been picked up by Garfiel and hoisted over his shoulder, with them fleeing to a height where the water barely reached. However, how many people in the city would have managed to do the same?

Garfiel:「Everythin’s at the bottom of the water…」

Rooted to the spot and wide-eyed, Garfiel was stricken by the enormity of the flood that had assailed the city. Although he hadn’t heard the story in detail, Otto got the feeling that Garfiel had experienced quite an impactful encounter in Pristella. The existence of such a desirable opponent would have been something quite important for him.

――This flood had even ruthlessly washed away the people Garfiel held emotional bonds with.

Otto:「……No, not just that.」

Though he was worried for Garfiel’s state of mind as well, what Otto must have been concerned about was the others who had gotten caught up in this.

Starting with Anastasia―― Echidna, who had brought back the unexpected report, and everyone else, including the Royal Selection candidates that had gathered to hear her report would have fallen victim to the disaster.

They had been gathered to warn them about what had happened, but it seemed like it had ended up backfiring.

Otto:「I’m going to say something harsh. Garfiel, please stand up. We have to deal with this situation just like we did the Witch Cult last time.」

Garfiel:「B-But… Ottobro… Y’see…」

Otto:「WHAT WOULD BECOME OF US NOW IF WE SIT HERE LIKE SIMPLETONS DOING NOTHING!? NEITHER NATSUKI-SAN OR EMILIA-SAMA ARE HERE! PLEASE STAND UP, GARFIEL! IT’S JUST US LEFT!」

Garfiel:「――――」

Grabbing him by the collar, Otto shouted at his friend whom he regarded as a younger brother whose face had a look of feebleness etched on it. He knew it had been overly harsh of him to explode like that, but with him being so slow to grasp how things were in this moment, he had chewed him out.

In having had his withered heart be the object of his scolding, a fire was kindled within Garfiel that made him stand up.

If he could achieve that, then he did not care about being deemed as insensitive. ――Even if he were hated by Garfiel later, it would be far better than if he weren’t able to fulfill his duty.

Otto:「We need to search for survivors, and then meet back up with the Royal Selection candidates, the Knights or anyone else who might be left. If the attack on the city is from a hostile individual, then we need to reassemble our forces and fight against them…」

Garfiel:「――Tch! OTTOBRO!」

Otto:「――!?」

By instructing Garfiel about his compassionless decision, Otto drove that in as a persuasion for Garfiel. Pushing out his chest, Garfiel roared.

And immediately afterwards, a flash of light pierced through straight in front of Otto, who had fallen onto his backside on the rooftop, at tremendous speed, faster than the eye could see.

Otto:「GHAAAAAAAAAAA!」

For a moment, Otto’s entire body was engulfed by burning pain from the light which had slightly grazed his chest. There wasn’t any bleeding. But, there was a scorch mark on his shirt, and his skin underneath it had been charred.

The true form of the white light of now was pure, intense heat. And, that white light was――

Garfiel:「RRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAA――!!」

Giving a howl of rage, Garfiel forcibly parried away each one of those white light rays, those white rays of death, that hurtled towards them at lightning fast speed.

Wielding the silver shields fitted on his arms, Garfiel challenged that overwhelming force of incredible speed head on. A hyper-dimensional battle which Otto could not keep up with had commenced.

Nevertheless, he did have a decent idea about what was happening.

Otto:「Where did it come from…」

Whilst he endured his pain, Otto looked around his surroundings and concentrated on finding where the flashes of white had been fired from. It was likely that the culprit who had fired those attacks at Otto and Garfiel was also the culprit who had opened the floodgates.

Of course, the enemy that came to his mind was them being a Witch Cultist――

Otto:「―― H k , from all the way over there!?」

Far, far away, at the edge of his sight, one of the floodgate’s control towers came into view―― A flash of light could be seen from where Otto and Garfiel were, coming from the top of the tower which stood almost on the opposite side of the city.

Immediately after he thought he’d seen that flicker, the light instantly came surging to where they were. Somehow, Garfiel was still fending them off right now, but――

Garfiel:「THINGS ARE GONNA KEEP GETTIN’ WORSE! OTTOBRO, FIND A PLACE TO HIDE! MY AMAZIN’ SELF’S GONNA BEAT THE SHIT OUTTA THIS BASTARD!」

Otto:「GARFIEL! WILL YOU BE OKAY IF YOU GET CLOSER!?」

Though Garfiel roared that out, by no means was what he was saying a good idea in this situation.

The speed at which the approaching rays of white light moved at was completely out of the ordinary; the distance which separated them from their opponent was such that Garfiel was only barely able to mount a defense against them.

If he got closer, the time he would have to deal with the rays of light would decrease respectively. Even the difference of an augenblick would be fatal in a hyper-dimensional battle.

Garfiel:「EITHER WAY, THERE’S NO OTHER WAY! IT’S JUS’ US TWO! ISN’ THAT RIGHT!?」

Otto:「――. You’re right. GARFIEL!」

Garfiel:「HYYYAAAAH!!」

Repeating what Otto had said before, Garfiel took a mighty step forward and leapt up. Making use of a building which could barely be classed as a foothold in the city still submerged by the flood, Garfiel zealously drove forward, and determinedly made his way towards the city’s control tower where the white flashes of light had been coming from.

Garfiel:「GRRRRRrrrrrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa――!!」

One shot after another, Garfiel braced himself and somehow managed to keep ahold of his footing whilst the shock of each impact racked his body as if paralysing him to the bone.

The opponent was formidable.

In addition to their attacks’ pinpoint accuracy from so far away, the sheer amount of mana that they put into these potent attacks without missing a beat, was far from normal.

If he considered his position where he had kept his distance from the start, it was a terribly favorable situation for his opponent.

Otto:「Even so…」

His grasp of how skilled his opponent wasn’t sufficient enough that he could give this up. And beyond that, what his opponent had done was seriously, completely, completely unforgivable.

It was likely that an unimaginable amount of people had become victims with the Watergate City Pristella sinking to the depths. One after another other, tragedy had engulfed the city which still hadn’t completely recovered from the after-effects of the Witch Cult’s last attack. ――Caught up in the midst of that as well, was the family which Garfiel was tied together with by blood.

Garfiel:「―― Tch !」

So to not let his mind dwell on that, Garfiel gritted his teeth, and frantically shook his head.

But, in the end, try as he might, nothing about what was on his mind would change. Sorrow and anger wasn’t what mingled together in the depths of Garfiel’s chest; rather, his heart was engulfed by a dark fury, as he continued to grow more enraged.

If he put that dark fury into his fangs and claws and struck down the enemy with it, then ――

???:「――Garfiel.」

Suddenly, a voice reached through to his skull amidst his tempestuous fury. The voice had just called out his name. If it had been just that, Garfiel wouldn’t even have taken any notice of it.

However――

Garfiel:「――Captain?」

It was a completely different story if that voice belonged to the person he had long awaited to return. Letting his green eyes spin around, Garfiel looked around in the middle of the hyperspeed battle for the figure which had spoken.

――From the start, Garfiel hadn’t believed a word of the report which Echidna had brought back.

To begin with, Echidna was a name which Garfiel couldn’t put any trust in. Of course, he had warned Subaru about the dangers of the being that called herself that name, and on top of that, she had forced him to head to the Pleiades Watchtower.

Even so, on seeing Echidna return taking the form of Anastasia, Garfiel had regretted his thoughts as having been shallow, naive and immature.

He had considered following her so to find Subaru, Emilia and the others as soon as possible.

It was just after he had proposed setting up that discussion to Otto that the flood had come rushing into the city. It seemed like Otto was thinking as he usually did, but Garfiel sunk his strength into his fangs and adamantly refused to admit that his thoughts had been wrong.

For Garfiel, it didn’t seem like Subaru was the sort who’d screw up.

That’s why Garfiel found hope in having heard Natsuki Subaru’s voice here. He would turn the tables around in this situation where absolutely everything had come to a dead-end.

He looked around for his figure so that he could cling onto such a convenient illusion――

Subaru:「Your heart can’t grasp the most important thing about yourself. ――Still, your family’s eyes are sharp.」

The moment that he came into view, Garfiel furrowed his brows in bewilderment. Not because the mutter had reached his ears. His mutter had been inaudible. What had caused the change in Garfiel’s facial expression was purely his surprise at what was in front of his eyes.

Garfiel:「――――」

Beneath his eyes, there was a figure looking up at Garfiel, who was leaping towards the white light. His appearance certainly seemed to be the same as the one he knew, but.

Garfiel:「――Who th’ fuck are you.」

When he shifted his attention to his nose, a familiar smell slipped into his nostrils. However, it was his instinct, not his five senses, that tried to deny the familiar figure below him.

A lapse that lasted not even a fraction of a second was born in his thoughts.

Nevertheless, it was a fatal lapse.

Moving towards there was――

???:「――Gotcha! Tah-dah!」

Garfiel:「Ngh!」

From in front of him, a black haired woman came plunging forward, and threw out a kick with a semi-enthusiastic cry. Catching her kick immediately with both of his shields, Garfiel absorbed the attack which felt like he had been rammed by a dragon carriage.

Even so, she was not an opponent with whom he could deal with in this situation. He couldn’t afford to direct his attention in two different directions, both in front of him and beneath him.

Black-Haired Woman:「Not so bad, but myyyy love for Master is a 100 times better than that.」

With a smile of satisfaction adorning her face, her palm rose towards the front of Garfiel’s face. In an instant, with all of his hair standing on end, Garfiel tensed his body and quickly moved his face backwards――

「* Squelch* 」

The blow pierced straight through Garfiel’s abdomen and his organs spilled out from his back.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Otto’s thoughts spun rapidly as he looked at the petals of blood blooming in mid-air.

Otto:「―― H k! 」

Clenching his teeth, Otto cursed the cold-hearted part within himself. It was quite the odious thing to him that under these circumstances he was trying to calmly get a grasp of the situation. His friend whom he regarded as a younger brother had been blown away right in front of his eyes. And even then, he still couldn’t get emotional at all.

Even in this overwhelmingly unfavorable situation, Otto’s attention was focused on his surroundings in an attempt to find a means of escape.

If he used his『Divine Protection of the Soul of Language』then a faint glimmer of hope would emerge, no matter what the situation was. By putting faith in that mantra, he’d overcome every single hardship he’d come across up until now.

That’s why――

???:「It’s regrettable, but even rats end up drowning when they’re soaked in this much water. Seems that the guy you were talking with is nowhere to be seen.」

Otto:「――――」

A voice, accompanied by the sound of footsteps, quietly struck Otto’s eardrums.

The sound of footsteps slowly approached within the world which seemed to have fallen dreadfully still. Swiveling his head around to look at where the footsteps were coming from, Otto held his breath for a moment.

And then, he let out a short gasp.

Otto:「…You truly are beyond recognition, Natsuki-san.」

Subaru:「Is that so? If you’re talking about me, then I don’t really understand myself well, but…」

Otto:「 I think you’ll clearly see what I mean if you look at a mirror. Ahh, that’s right. Didn’t Echidna-san’s story say you lost your memories. Is it because of that that you don’t understand yourself?」

Subaru:「 Hahah , maybe so. More clearly, if I could be different in every single aspect, then well, I’d definitely give this up, but…..」

Whilst scratching his cheek, the opponent laughed at Otto’s jabs. What should he call his opponent; what name should he call out? Composure and impulsiveness cried out in unison within Otto’s head. Hesitating on the right choice of what to call that , hesitating on there being no other way to call out to that , he shouted.

Otto:「You’re…」

Subaru:「Even if you don’t say it, I know. My name is… Natsuki Subaru. I’m broke beyond compare.」

Otto:「――――」

Subaru:「I’ve heard a lot about you as well. You have quite the reputation. Finally we’ve met, Otto.」

Saying that, that individual―― who took the appearance of Natsuki Subaru, but looked completely different to the one Otto knew, laughed.

His lightless left eye had clouded over, and his hair had gone completely white for god knows what reason. As he smiled from ear to ear like he was somewhat off his rocker, Natsuki Subaru kept laughing.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Otto:「――――」

Whilst gazing at the vigilant Otto before him, Subaru let out a long sigh.

Telling him he had changed a lot would be precisely describing what was detestable about him. Of course, even were someone to say he hadn’t changed, in his current mental state, Subaru would just receive that as irony; however, were someone to directly say「You’re a different person.」then that would be quite hard for him to accept.

Up until now, this blunt manner of speaking hadn’t even been heard from the people who had come across him that had then been added to the patchwork, or even from the people that had been inside the tower.

Subaru:「Honestly, I’m having quite a hard time handling this.」

Otto:「……What do you mean?」

Subaru:「Didn’t you hear about what I’m doing from Echidna? My memories have vanished into thin air, I’ve been running amok with my head all loopy… That’s the gist of it anyways.」

Otto:「Of course I did. I even heard that you’re obsessed with trying to get your memories back.」

Subaru:「I don’t remember saying as much, but… well, it’s a reasonable guess. After all, every single one of you are quite competent. The only incompetent, no-good human being is me.」

Gently running his hand down his left eye, Subaru muttered this as if he were mocking himself. As he looked on at that gesture, Otto gulped.

Otto:「May I even ask what happened to that eye?」

Subaru:「Eye… Aah, my left eye? It does look a little bit hazy, but it’s no big deal. Though, it does seem like I hit my head a little bit too much when these shocking things started. For how my hair got this way, well, I didn’t do anything in particular… it just ended up like this on its own. How laughable.」

Otto:「Hahahaha, how laughable indeed. Are you satisfied?」

Subaru:「Far from it. There’s still a long way to go until I am satisfied. I’m so far away from it to the point that it’s depressing.」

Seeing Otto giving him a dry smile, Subaru also responded by showing him a dry smile.

Originally, it seemed like Otto and Subaru had been good friends, and, indeed he could see that. He got this feeling not only from the eyes of Emilia and Beatrice, or from everyone else in the camp, but it felt like something genuine.

Emilia:『Subaru and Otto-kun always got along so well, they were suuuuuuper heartwarming.』

Beatrice:『Well, in essence, Subaru always used to tease Otto, in fact. I get the feeling that nothing much has changed, I suppose.』

On Otto’s left and right, Emilia and Beatrice each voiced their explanations. As he nodded his head at those explanations, Subaru licked his lips and said「Well then,」

Subaru:「I’ve been looking forward to having my『First Reunion』with you for a very long time. Though, I know that you’re one of those bastards that become more dangerous the more time I give you. Sorry, but let’s bring this to an end now.」

Otto:「『First Reunion』is quite the peculiar way of putting it, but putting that aside, if I think about your goal… wasn’t it a failure?」

Subaru:「Huh?」

Leaning forwards, Subaru frowned. And after that, Otto continued his words with a「How should I put it,」

Otto:「Practically, it was quite the effective move. You found the right moment where everyone gathered in one building and killed them all in one go with a completely unescapable attack… I take my hat off at that. If your opponents get caught up in a natural disaster, they can’t strike back at you, regardless of whether they’re master swordsmen or a mercenary band.」

Subaru:「――――」

Otto:「At this rate, wasn’t it part of your strategy to have let only Echidna-san escape from the Watchtower? You let her escape, so that she’d gather people who knew you through the report she gave. Following that hypothesis, the likelihood of Pristella being at the center of where everyone would gather was high. There are watergates here.」

Subaru:「…I’m honored to be praised by you.」

Whilst showing an attitude that he accepted the praise, Subaru rolled his tongue back back into his mouth. Rather, it ought to be Otto who should be praised.

Otto, who had almost hit the nail on the head, had guessed the truth quite well, including that Subaru had allowed Echidna to escape.

Although,

Subaru:「Well, to tell the truth, at first it was by chance that Echidna escaped, but then I realized that she’d be useful after she’d escaped. It was because of that I didn’t chase after her.」

Otto:「I see. I’d have been surprised if you saw that far ahead. It wouldn’t be any leap of the imagination to say that those who lose their memories become quite shrewd. ――But.」

Cutting off his words there, Otto glared at Subaru. Recognizing the strength of the resolve within his eyes, Subaru put strength into the depths of his own.

And, putting himself on guard, Otto continued his words.

Otto:「In the end, you’ve completely screwed up your endgame.」

Subaru:「I’ve screwed it up? Me? What’s the meaning of that?」

Otto:「…It’s an expression I still don’t understand well, but there isn’t any meaning to it. You don’t get chances like these where you can strike with such an upper hand often. If you’d been earnest about it, then you should have carried out what you set out to do.」

Subaru:「What I set out to do…」

Otto:「You should have aimed straight for Reinhard-san without getting too greedy.」

Thrusting his finger out at him, Otto firmly declared that to Subaru. Subaru’s eyes flew wide open when he heard that declaration, and taking no note of his astonished face, Otto pressed Subaru for an answer.

Otto:「Weren’t you using the『Books of the Dead』where the memories of others can be read in? If you’re planning to use them to try and get yourself back, Reinhard-san will become your greatest threat. And if you’re aiming at him, then it’ll be impossible unless you catch him by surprise. From here on out, you’ll have to be on your guard. You’ll never get a second chance.」

Subaru:「So, the moment I clamped my fangs around my prey, I shouldn’t have let go. Is that what you’re saying?」

Otto:「Indeed, that’s exactly what I am saying. So you sh…」

Subaru:「 Kh! 」

Otto:「――?」

Otto raised his eyebrows at the rather abrupt, strange sound that could be heard coming from Subaru’s throat. His reaction showed surprise, bewilderment and confusion.

Subaru wasn’t play-acting or a trick; his reaction was because of Otto. Such a reaction even may have been quite natural in some respects.

Despite having read between the lines of a lot of what had happened, in the very end, he had mistook what his endgame was.

Subaru:「It’s you, Otto, it’s you who’s misunderstanding.」

Otto:「That’s…」

Subaru:「The one I was aiming for wasn’t Reinhard. Of course, a lot of hassle would have been saved if he ended up dying amongst the chaos of this flood, but I won’t make any pretenses in relying on such a happy accident.」

Reinhard’s out of the norm characteristics were generally speaking fully known by everyone. He was the『Sword Saint』that you always heard about in rumor; the act of killing him would be a herculean one―― In any case, it’d be necessary to keep building and building and building a plan to take care of him.

Dying to a casual, lucky hit wasn’t the sort of death that you could expected from a hero.

Subaru:「That’s why I need to try and look for a way to do that if I am kill that guy. I may weaken him, I may surprise attack him, I may set a trap for him, I may even take a hostage. Of course, if I need to kill him, I will do so… But, he’s low priority.」

Otto:「Then, was the flood simply to get rid of the people who knew you all at once? For certain, the number of people who know you in this city due to what happened the other day has…」

Otto had tried to continue by saying skyrocketed . But before he could say it, Subaru had held out his palm.

Even Subaru knew what he was trying to tell him. The violence of the Witch Cult that had took place in the Watergate City Pristella had been scrutinised from every angle. Certainly, in that sense, that had been one of the ideas behind having used this city as well. However, that was a trivial factor compared to the biggest reason why.

Subaru’s objective behind causing the flood using the Watergate City as his stage was just one thing.

His main objective was――

Subaru:「――It’s you, Otto.」

Otto:「…Ah?」

Subaru:「This was a way I devised to make sure I could kill you. Anyone else who dies… Well, I guess they’re just bonuses.」

Otto:「――――」

Otto tensed up as if he didn’t understand the meaning behind the objective that Subaru had pointed out.

And then, closing his right eye at the astonished Otto, Subaru spun his head around in a circle, looking around at the scene on the rooftop, reflecting the world around him in his hazy left eye.

Otto:「…Why… me?」

Subaru:「Why did I make such a big deal just for you? It was the embodiment of the utmost caution I have for you. Even having Garfiel beside you was added to the plan as a safety measure.」

Otto:「――――」

Subaru:「Just so you know, this ain’t something I thought by myself, since I don’t trust my thoughts at all. I’ve only just realized I’ve been racking useless wisdom out of my useless head.」

Indeed, Subaru’s cunning did not amount to much.

No satisfactory thoughts arose in Subaru’s mind, with him being naive to the understanding of the rules of the world, disconnected from the secrets of the world, and unfamiliar with the laws of the world.

That’s why――

Subaru:「I made sure to consult with them.」

Otto:「――――」

Those who surrounded the taciturn, stricken Otto were all of his colleagues that were only visible to Subaru’s left eye, and remained forevermore unreflected in Otto’s eyes.

Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Roswaal, Petra, Frederica; all of his colleagues that made up the Emilia camp surrounded Otto.

Looking at each of their faces one by one, Subaru shrugged his shoulders and said「Isn’t that right?」

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『Otto-kun.』

Emilia replied.

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『Otto, I suppose.』

Beatrice replied.

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『That would be Otto, wouldn’t it. How bothersome.』

Ram replied.

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『It would be Ottoooooooo-kun.』

Roswaal replied.

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『Otto-san.』

Petra replied.

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『It’s Otto-sama.』

Frederica replied.

Subaru:「――It’s unanimous. Even if Garfiel joined in with them, he’d probably say the same thing.」

Otto:「Who on earth are you talking to…」

Subaru:「Even if you’re trying to buy time, I should mention that it’s pointless. The reason I flooded the city was to kill you. ――Even you won’t find a way to escape from this place, where there ain’t even a single damn rat left.」

This was the reason why Subaru had opened the floodgates and submerged the city in water.

Whether it be water dragon, rat or worm, none of them could get near Otto Suwen. By having been parted from terra firma, he was unable to use the witchcraft he specialised in.

Subaru had orchestrated everything to this point making full use of everyone’s knowledge.

This, and that, and everything was――

Subaru:「――I will not underestimate you. I will not underestimate anyone other than me. You’re all skilled guys. That’s why I will kill you without cutting any corners.」

Otto:「You are…」

???:「――Master!」

After receiving Subaru’s powerful declaration of war, a voice interrupted Otto who had tried to continue what he was saying. The one who landed adroitly onto the rooftop was Shaula, half of her body was soaked in bright red blood.

And as she brushed the area around her chest that had become completely stained in blood, she said,

Shaula:「Finally I’m done! Kyaa~ He was so so stubborn. I legit thought he was immortal with how much I knocked about the stuff inside of his stomach and sent him flying!」

Subaru:「You really did take your time… Did you make sure to finish him off properly?」

Shaula:「I even crushed his head, maybe. Except for Master, human beings die if their heads get crushed, right?」

Subaru:「I don’t get why you’re excluding me. Even I’ll die if I get my head crushed!」

Shaula:「You’re full of surprises~」

Frivolously laughing, Shaula pushed her shoulders up in disbelief. From Subaru’s perspective, the way she thought was quite incomprehensible, but it would be uncouth to meddle into Shaula’s sense of values.

Above all else, she fulfilled the duties that were assigned to her. That was good enough for now.

Subaru:「Thanks for the hard work, Shaula. And now…」

Shaula:「I just need to kill Mr. First-Choice-san, riiight? Butbut, was he really an opponent yahaddago to these lengths for? To me, it really seems that…」

Subaru:「If you’re going to speak of stuff just as a matter of raw strength or weakness, then even I’d be able to finish you off with one hand.」

Otto’s strength was contained in a part within him which was hard to gauge by Shaula’s estimation. That was the conclusion he had come to after having pieced the details together from the stories that he’d heard from Emilia and the others.

Hearing Subaru’s response, Shaula replied with a「Mhm~ Of courssse!」in agreement.

And on the other side, Otto, with hatred throbbing through the depths of his heart, was looking on at their exchange.

Otto:「No way, being assessed as the most valued in life and having it backfire like this… this feels the absolute worst.」

Subaru:「Valued in life? You’re misunderstanding it.」

There wasn’t a trace of sarcasm in what Subaru had replied to Otto’s words with; he had spoken from his heart.

This was the truth Subaru had seen from reading everyone from the Emilia Camp’s books. There was no mistaking it.

Subaru:「You were always the most valued from everyone in the camp, Otto!」

Otto:「――Eat shit, you phony.」

To Subaru, who had flashed his teeth and grinned, Otto also flashed his teeth and twisted his face into a terrible grin.

Though those words pierced into Subaru’s chest quite a bit――,

「――――」

――In the very next moment, a white flash of light pierced through Otto’s body, and their conversation was forcibly brought to a close.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???:「――This is as far as you’ll go.」

Natsuki Subaru slowly opened his closed eyelids right as those words came into earshot.

Below his eyes, at his feet, Otto’s corpse whose top half had been blown away had fallen there. Garfiel, who had died in battle, should be floating away somewhere in the water’s surface nearby.

What Subaru was doing under these circumstances, as terribly hypocritical as it was, was giving them a silent prayer. Subaru held no grudges against Otto or Garfiel.

There wasn’t any reason for Subaru to hold anything like a grudge against those that he had killed thus far. ――No, he believed that the original Subaru should indeed keep his grudge against Roswaal, who had been behind considerable crimes; but the current Subaru didn’t know the real intentions of Roswaal at that time.

Other than these subtle matters of unease, Subaru didn’t hold any resentment towards anyone else. The one he always bore hatred for, was himself. He bore hatred for himself, who was not『Natsuki Subaru.』

This『Phony』version of himself was of no use to anyone.

It was just the ridiculous Natsuki Subaru that tried to collect the bits and pieces of『Natsuki Subaru.』It was just the ridiculous Natsuki Subaru that tried to assemble the patchwork. It was just the ridiculous Natsuki Subaru that tried to form himself from patching himself together in one way or another.

That’s why――,

Subaru:「I’d like to apologize, even to you.」

???:「…Subaru.」

Turning his head to look back behind him, Subaru gazed ahead of him at Reinhard, who was standing at the edge of the rooftop.

Though he had seen his figure in the memories of a lot of people, there wasn’t a single trace of cloudiness in his orderly figure. As a matter of fact, he had even managed to not get any of his clothes wet; how on earth had he achieved that?

Subaru:「I see, you’re out of the norm.」

Reinhard:「Subaru, did you do all of this…? Otto, Garfiel, and…」

Subaru:「I ordered them killed – if that’s what you mean, then yes. And not just those two. A whole ton of people in the city became victims in the flood… And all by my doing.」

Reinhard:「Why… why did you do this!? You went to save the people in this city…」

Subaru:「To the watchtower, right? I know. I know all too well. As always, my experiences of it are rather lacking, but I do have some vague gist of it like as if I’d read a manga summary.」

Whilst soaking in Reinhard’s blame, Subaru spread out both of his arms towards the city.

The city was encroached in the turmoil of having been inundated by the water, but he knew that it had gone through a tough time even before this flood. The scars that had been left due to the violence of the Witch Cult and such were more warped rather than deep.

They had snatched away people’s memories, they had changed people into inhuman forms, they had used overwhelming strength to forcibly subdue those who wouldn’t follow their will, and they had forced their warped thoughts onto others to make them sympathise with them.

It was needless to say the things they did were of the worst nature in the sense that they trampled upon the quintessence of humanity.

But, at the same time, it gave him a certain sort of impression.

Subaru:「――Their plans are full of holes. I’m guessing they go in thinking they can’t lose, and that’s why they go rushing in with such dumbass plans.」

The Sin Archbishops who possessed supernatural-like strength were all sitting still on their abilities. Hadn’t anyone taught those guys? No matter what sort of strength you hold, if you use it the wrong way, then you will be defeated no matter who you are.

Whether it be wisdom, numbers or great talent, you will always be defeated.

Subaru:「I’m not going to challenge you being only partly prepared. Finding a way of making sure I win will only work with the right timing. That’s why I will consult them.」

Reinhard:「Consult… Is the one deceiving you the girl beside you?」

Shaula:「Huh, meeeee?」

Suddenly piping up, Shaula, who was beside Subaru, widened her eyes in surprise. She stared at Reinhard as she pointed at herself.

Shaula:「Me deceiving Master… If I could pull such a temptress’ move, I’d have done it looong ago! Master’s soo sexy like this since he doesn’t get caught up in my temptations… at all! Though, you’re too sexy for your own good!」

Subaru:「Though her position is that of a collaborator, she ain’t got the head to be able to deceive. It’s not really that I’m being deceived by anyone… No, if I’m forced to say it, I guess it would be a voice from within me.」

Reinhard:「A voice… from within you…?」

Subaru:「The sleeping lion inside of me is seeking the time of its release and is rampaging.」

After intently listening to Subaru’s response, Reinhard quickly realized that what he was saying was nonsense. Whilst gazing at Reinhard’s eyes which were clearly dyed in despair, Shaula nudged her elbow at Subaru’s side, speaking out a「Mastermaster,」

Shaula:「Hey, um, that one’s presence is remarkably Reidish. Isn’t that scary?」

Subaru:「Indeed it is. Remarkably scary indeed. It’s because that guy’s Reid’s descendant.」

Shaula:「De-descendant.」

Subaru:「His children’s children, and their children’s children and so on. That’s the nuance of it.」

Shaula:「Uurgh! He can’t seriously be related to Reid, right!? I wasn’t told about this!」

Shaula complained about her disadvantage to Subaru, her facing looking like she’d been ensnared in a Kaizo Trap. In actuality, the memories of being pummeled by Reid were quite clear for Subaru and the others. (TL Note: To learn more about the provenance of the term Kaizo Trap, refer to this link.)

It was natural that he wouldn’t be able to beat Reinhard, Reid’s blood relative, in a fair and open battle as well.

Reinhard:「――I’m sorry, but let’s put an end to your acts of barbarity here. Me being able to do that, is proof of my friendship towards you.」

Subaru:「You say such sad things in spite of us having a relationship where we gatecrashed a wedding ceremony together! Well, though it’s me who made you say it, you know, apparently Emilia-tan was delighted…」

Reinhard:「Subaru, stop already. ――Just, stop.」

Subaru:「――――」

Subaru kept his mouth shut at the mournful echo of Reinhard’s entreaty. Reinhard’s expression was warped into something quite pitiful. From it, Subaru received a sharp pang as if his chest had been torn open.

It was the same as Otto and Garfiel, where he had no grudge against them.

Subaru didn’t hold any grudges even against Reinhard. He knew that he was someone who bore no fault. He knew that he was a benefactor that was undeserving of being blamed. He also knew that he had been a good friend.

But despite that――

Subaru:「――I also need the piece inside of you to get back『Natsuki Subaru』. That’s why I will come to kill you one day.」

Reinhard:「――――」

Subaru:「But, not now. Not today. It’s a matter for tomorrow’s tomorrow.」

A trace of bewilderment clouded Reinhard’s eyes just after he heard Subaru’s proclamation.

Reinhard was trying to settle things here right now. In fact, if Reinhard wanted to do so, Subaru was in a position where he could close the distance with a single step and cut him down in an instant. Even if Shaula made a motion to defend him, it wouldn’t really change the outcome.

But despite that, Subaru could still say――

???:『Assuming Felt managed to take shelter in all of this, I think she’d be somewhere at the edge of the city.』

――And turning towards the direction pointed out by the bald-headed giant, Shaula fired a flash of white light towards there.

「――――」

In an instant, Reinhard held his breath and flew backwards, following after the soaring blow of light at the exact same speed as it. He hadn’t done that to kill Subaru, who stood in front of him, but rather to rush towards the faraway building where Reinhard’s master―― Felt had hidden after having survived the flood, so he could knock down that flash of white light.

???:『If you keep something important nearby, then of course, that’s the same as exposing your weak points. The same thing applies to the『Sword Saint』Reinhard, doooooesn’t it?』

Roswaal, who had given this suggestion let a wicked grin form on his face, and basked in his satisfaction in having outwitted the『Sword Saint.』Giving him a look from the side, Subaru took a short breath, and said.

Subaru:「Shaula, let’s pull back. ――That’s enough for today.」

Shaula:「Ooookay!」

Cheerfully lifting her hand, Shaula wrapped her arm around Subaru’s back. She hoisted Subaru up with unbelievable strength from her slender arms, and with a light bend of her knees, she tried to leap out of the city.

But, just before the first jump had began, Subaru turned towards Reinhard, and said.

Subaru:「――You are not as omnipotent or superhuman as you think you are.」

That’s why――

Subaru:「――I will absolutely kill you too, Reinhard.」

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???:「――I want you to tell me once again.What is your name?」

???:「Ah, Amue. Amue Sears…」

???:「I see, that’s a fine name, Amue. …What happened now must’ve been tough.」

Amue:「Hghhgh…」

The red-haired knight, who had seemingly gotten onto one knee to be on the same level as with Amue, spoke those words to her. As soon as she heard those words, the little girl’s tensed emotions snapped loose.

Tears slowly trickled down Amue’s face, and her body began to tremble from the belayed terror that had returned to her.

Then, as he looked on at the sobbing little girl, the knight―― Reinhard turned his eyes to look at his surroundings and bit his lip; deep worry was brimming in his chest at the terrible spectacle he saw.

Reinhard:「――――」

Two days ago, an incident had occurred at a small village in the northern parts of the Kingdom of Lugunica.

It took awhile for the incident to be known because the village was located in the remote borderlands, and due to that, it lay quite far from both the Royal Capital and the five major cities. Dispatching the knights, including Reinhard, had ended up being delayed by several days.

In that meantime, Amue, who had become the sole survivor in the village, had just been sitting there, holding her knees in loneliness. ――She’d been there, surrounded by all of the corpses of her family and the people she knew well.

Reinhard:「Subaru…」

Reinhard pensively muttered his name out as he touched the pommel of his『Dragon Sword』which he had holstered by his waist

Given the issues in this kind of incident, there was a good chance that this act of barbarity had been carried out by a Witch Cultist. However, Reinhard’s intuition naturally saw through to whose hand had carried out this horrendous scene.

Reinhard:「The ones who did this… If I’m not mistaking it, it was a man and a woman, right? Two young people.」

Amue:「Y-Yeah… Th-that’s right. Ah, but…」

Reinhard:「But?」

As she heaved with sobs, Amue choked up her words as she replied to Reinhard’s question. Amue hesitated as Reinhard awaited her to continue her words; his well-shaped eyebrows were furrowed into a frown.

Amue:「I don’t know who the woman was, but, the man was…」

Reinhard:「The man was?」

Amue:「I hadn’t realized it, but it was like he was talking to someone…」

Reinhard:「――――」

Was there a trace of hesitation when she conveyed that vague information? Amue’s explanation lacked conviction in it. But, Reinhard closed his eyes and breathed out a long sigh at her words.

Amue’s perception was correct. That man and woman―― No, Natsuki Subaru was definitely speaking with someone other than the woman who accompanied him, which was as Amue had seen.

Reinhard didn’t know whether that someone was someone he knew, but――

Reinhard:「You have my gratitude for providing me this information. The Knight Order should deal with this right away. Do you have any relatives other than your family…?」

Amue:「―― Ah! 」

Amu’s fingers gently grasped at Reinhard’s trouser cuff as he spoke to her with kindness. As if frightened of him leaving her, Amue’s face had turned to disbelief at her own action.

However, given her mental state, that too was natural.

She had lost her family and her hometown too. How much suffering awaited her from here on out?

If he could be useful in distracting her from her anxiety in the midst of this, then.

Reinhard:「All right. I will stay with you until your safety is ensured. So, I want you to rest assured – Because no one that wishes you harm will get close to you anymore.」

Amue:「 *S-sob* …S-sorry, I’m really sorry…」

Reinhard:「You needn’t apologize. ――Since, you didn’t do anything wrong.」

Taking her hand, Reinhard silently thought back to the guy who had caused this horrendous spectacle as he watched Amue once again starting to burst into heavy tears.

Reinhard:「Are you… Are you satisfied with this? Does it fulfill you? What on earth do you see reflected in your eyes? I just don’t understand. ――Subaru.」

Reinhard muttered out the name of the person who wasn’t here and closed his eyes.

The figure which was reflected behind Reinhard’s eyelids was a friend who would eventually come to kill him. That friend would likely go to any means for that.

He was a friend that eventually Reinhard would have to kill by his hand.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???:『I guess by now that child, Amue, must have been found by Reinhard-san, right?』

Subaru:「She was the only left alive in the village that burnt down, right? If a child of that age sees Reinhard, she’ll become relieved and she likely won’t be able to be separated from him. ――With this, he won’t have time to pursue us.」

???:『How cunning, or rather, how crafty, or… Though, well, I’m not one to talk.』

???:『Tha’s righ’. Ottobro ‘n Captain really do damn get on th’ same wavelength at times like these.』

???:「 Ewwww! 」

???:『Y’ damn well fit to a T!』

Pushing his way through a thicket using the branch he held in his hand, Subaru, who was following an off-road path, scrunched up his face into a frown. Otto, who was treading through the forest beside him in the same way had a similar expression on his face. And Garfiel, who was looking on at the two of them, clapped his hands together and clacked his fangs, laughing at the situation.

???:『Hehe- But, it’s great that we’re all together at last, don’t you think? It’s all thanks to Subaru being reaaaally busy and doing his very best.』

Subaru:「When you say it like that, even I get the feeling that my efforts were worthwhile and it lets me have peace of mind. If you, Emilia-tan, feel like I’ve done things properly, then I want you to reward me in so many different ways, but…」

Emilia:『You want that, but?』

Subaru:「…Well, with me being an innocent boy, it means I can’t let male instinct do the talking for me.」

Subaru looked at Emilia who had innocuously tilted her head forward. As he scratched his cheeks, Subaru turned his face away from her. A gaze stopped him in his tracks ahead of him; that gaze was Ram’s who had turned a look of disdain towards him.

Ram:『Disgusting.』

Subaru:「Cut down in one blow! Generally speaking, I never said that! I want you to praise my feelings since I managed to not say any of my embarrassing desires!」

Ram:『Ram? Praise Barusu? I’d rather heaven and hell be flipped over than do that.』

Subaru:「I’m lower than a cataclysm!?」

Shrugging her shoulders, Ram turned her back from him and began to walk away with grace. Subaru’s shoulders stooped down in dejection seeing Ram’s attitude. And then a two small hands gently took ahold of his own from his left and right.

???:『Jeez, I can see how glum you look from all the way over here, in fact. If of all people Betty’s partner is going to get like this, then I can tell the going ahead is going to get rough, I suppose.』

???:『That’s right. Ram nee-sama’s always been blunt, it’s not like it’s something she just started doing now. That’s the reason why I’m gonna go easy on Subaru-sama. Good boy, good boy.』

Subaru:「Heyhey, no way, am I in the middle of a little girl sandwich……though now that I think on it, Petra isn’t that little anymore. Dammit, time sure is cruel… as it keeps passing by I’ll only be left with Beako as a little girl…」

Beatrice:『Little girl… What do you mean little girl, in fact!? That’s impolite for a lady, I suppose!!』

Having graduated from being lolimanced, Petra puffed out her chest in delight, and Beatrice teetered between taking it as a compliment and otherwise. Nonetheless, Beatrice seemed to be a little girl by nature, thus it couldn’t be helped.

Subaru:「It seems like the mothers and fathers of the world want their children to stop growing at their cutest age; you’re like something out of a dream in that sense, Beako!」

Beatrice:『Hmph… By saying that are you hinting that Betty is the cutest in this world, in fact?』

Subaru:「I’d like to gather candidates for the seat of cutest in this world and make them compete with each other; though, the prettiest in this world is you. I’ll try give you a medal.」

Petra:『What about me? Heyhey, Subaru-sama, what about me?』

Subaru:「Hmmm, Petra is the cutiest in this world.」

Petra:『Yaaaay!』

Letting out a cry of mirth, Petra took hold of one of Beatrice’s hands and jumped about happily. Whilst being overwhelmed by that vigor, Beatrice also seemed like she wasn’t at all in a bad mood.

Towards there――

???:『Well, well, weeeeeell, it seems like you’re really in high spirits, doooooesn’t it? Putting aside your physical appearance, you should be acting your actual age amongst them, but despite that, this is still raaaaaather adorable, isn’t it?』

Beatrice:『Ugh, I suppose…』

Roswaal took a step forward with his long legs, an air of composure rested on his face. Beatrice made an unpleasant face at Roswaal who had made his appearance. Incidentally, Petra, who was holding Beatrice’s hand also put on a look of displeasure due to the position of mischief that coated him in her Master’s camp. Well, if you think about what he has been guilty of, it was natural though regrettable.

???:『Beatrice-sama, Petra, don’t make such unpleasant faces.』

Roswaal:『Indeeeeeeeed, that’s Frederica for you. Telling the both of you exactly h…』

Frederica:『Don’t you two know that the more you make those faces, the more you’re just going to cause Master to be pleased, right? Since Master’s that kind of gentleman.』

Roswaal:『I take baaaaaack what I said.』

Roswaal lost his composure too on receiving Frederica’s sharp blow.

On the other side, both Petra and Beatrice obediently accepted Frederica’s words with an「Oookay…」and an「All right, in fact.」

Subaru:「…Well, I also feel like y’all are too fussy, but I guess this fuss is a page of everyday life, right?」

???:『It doesn’t matter if it’s a page of everyday life, but please, aren’t you forgetting about me and Miss Meili?』

Subaru:「Mhm…」

A little apart from the Emilia camp who were chiding each other as they walked, Julius who was walking behind them, spoke that out. Closing one of his eyes, he reflected Subaru in his yellow eye and said,

Julius:『Though, do you take pride in that my advice was helpful for you when facing Reinhard?』

Subaru:「I ain’t saying it wasn’t helpful, but your evaluation of Reinhard makes him look a bit like a Dream Guy, so its credibility can be shaky. You mustn’t go getting yourself too caught up in your hero syndrome.」

Julius:『That’s not an answer which’ll help you borrow my strength. Maybe I should change my attitude a bit from now?』

???:『Heeeeyhey, sayin’ it like that’s no good, Julius. Should I draw up a propa’ loan for Natsuki-kun instead? It should work well enough even without a contract.』

With a tit-for-tat reply said in a gentle tone, Anastasia broke her way into Subaru and Julius’s exchange, which was prone to break into a full blown argument if it went on like that.

Anastasia, having completely regained her merchant-like attitude, stared at Subaru with her turquoise eyes and after causing him to blanch a little, she said:

Anastasia:『Natsuki-kun, arentcha forgetting? If we cooperate wit’ each other well, then Natsuki-kun, when you get back to normal, you’ll…』

Subaru:「――Aah, I remember. If I get『Natsuki Subaru』back and go back to the time where I can restore everything properly, then.」

Cutting his words there, Subaru took a deep breath and continued.

Subaru:「Then finally, I can take the time to atone to everyone whom I’ve killed.」

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

Bringing himself closer to completion, and if the patching was completed this time around.

If his patching could be patched together as he was originally, then surely.

――Then surely, there was no doubt that he could do everything over again.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――『Natsuki Subaru』had the power to redo fate.

That was Natsuki Subaru’s conclusion.

He could get back the lives of Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Julius, Meili, Petra, Frederica, Roswaal, Rom-jii, Garfiel, Otto, Anastasia, Ricardo, Hetaro, Tivey, Mimi, Kiritaka and Liliana.

It should be possible, if he were『Natsuki Subaru』.

Because,『Natsuki Subaru』was――

『My esteemed knight.』『Betty’s partner, I suppose.』『A man with only good timing.』『A good friend, I’d think.』『We~ll, maybe it’s alright if I appreciate him a li~ttle.』『It felt like I could always give my best thanks to Subaru!』『I am grateful for the many times Subaru-sama has saved us.』『Subaru-kun, I’ve been waiting eagerly for you for many many years…』『Never for a second did I think that such a rookie could do all this.』『Captain! Y’can talk to me whenever if there’s ‘ny problem! I’ll do anythin’ ‘f it’s somethin’ I can use my strength for!』『Well, I find it scary that the consequences of repaying my debt come back to bite me, so I would like you to take things in moderation though.』『Mhhhm, busyin’ yourself is quite good y’know. Me, Mimi and the others should try’n loosen up a lil’ bit more.』『Oh, ain’t that a good change Ana-bo’s proposin’! Aye Aye, we ‘been workin’ too much! A buncha days off would hit the spot!』『If Miss takes some time off, I’ll start dishing out the work….』『When we get Natsuki-san to help out, Miss will make sure to try get the best out of him.』『Ooo, you’re right! I getcha I getcha! Mimi too, Mimi too! Mimi will do her very best with Garf!』『So I can pay my debt of gratitude to you for saving the city… is something I cannot say so easily if we consider what happened to it afterwards, but…』『You’re kiiidding right? Could it be that Kiritaka-san you’re holding this grudge a bit tooo much? Becausebecause, if Natsuki Subaru-sama goes completely back to normal, then everything will go back to how it was, wouldn’t it!』

With the strength of that of raging billows, the companions that surrounded Subaru listed their expectations in『Natsuki Subaru.』

Subaru nodded as he listened to it, feeling like he was intruding on other people’s affairs.

Subaru:「Aah, that’s right. That’s right indeed. Even though it’s quite impossible for me, even though it was impossible, I will.」

???:『If it’s you, Subaru, you can do it, right?』

Subaru:「Surely I will… No, I absolutely will, don’t you think?」

Subaru declared that with his fist clenched tight, and cheers ran out from his companions. As he basked in the din before him, suddenly, Emilia approached him. Subaru raised his eyebrows at her.

She gently beckoned Subaru, and then, she pointed her finger towards somewhere a little apart from the circle of their companions. The one who stood where her white finger had pointed to was――

Emilia:『――Shaula… she looks lonely. That’s dreadful, Subaru. She looks so pitiful, doesn’t she?』

Subaru:「She’s…」

Emilia:『Don’t give excuses. All of us absolutely want to try and do our best in any way we can with Subaru, but, the one who is doing their best would first of all be Subaru, and then wouldn’t it be Shaula? So……』

Subaru:「――――」

Emilia:『So, you have to take good care of her. ――Promise.』

What Emilia spoke to Subaru, a promise , was something which held really really great significance between the two of them. ――No, as a matter of fact, as Subaru wasn’t『Natsuki Subaru』he didn’t understand how『Natsuki Subaru』regarded the weight of it.

But, even if he didn’t understand『Natsuki Subaru』, he understood the trust Emilia had when she tried to make promises with『Natsuki Subaru』all too painfully.

Subaru:「…All right. I promise.」

Emilia:『Mhm, perfect. ――Well then, I’ll see you later, Subaru.』

Saying that, Emilia waved goodbye to him as she smiled.

And immediately after Subaru recognized that, the many figures of his companions that appeared from his ever cloudening left eye’s field of view completely vanished. After that, everything went still, no one was there. A stillness that felt like it cut off everything but Subaru was left behind.

The one whom he had made the promise with wasn’t there anymore, let alone the vestiges of the promise he had shared.

Subaru:「――Shaula, come here.」

Tossing aside those desiccated thoughts, Subaru called out to Shaula, who was walking in the distance. Hearing that call, Shaula’s face suddenly lit up and she leaped up and came rushing over to where Subaru was.

Shaula:「Wassssup, Master! Hm, has your fun-time where you’re off grumbling to yourself as if you’re having fun finished!?」

Subaru:「Don’t you go saying it so damn straight! You don’t have to say it like you’re talking to a loony, there’s no damn need to be so hurtful!」

Shaula:「My baaad!」

Slapping the top of her forehead with her palm, Shaula took back what she said all the while sticking out her tongue. Was she apologizing? It didn’t feel like an apology, but, well, it was close enough.

In any case, Shaula, who had kept accompanying Subaru all the way here from the tower of sand―― Certainly, the main contributor towards Subaru’s aims was this woman, and not just because of what Emilia had said.

He borrowed ideas, knowledge and wisdom from his many companions in drafting a course of action and plans. But, what was needed for that each time was the power to carry those things out; to put it more simply, he needed fighting strength.

Shaula’s presence was indispensable in order to make those possible. Even so, Subaru had done almost nothing to reward her.

It felt like she was just a well he could always draw water from whenever he needed it.

It was as if she were saying he could do anything no matter what it was, if it was him, who wasn’t 『Natsuki Subaru』

Subaru:「――――」

Shaula:「Master?」

Without thinking, Shaula questioningly tilted her head at Subaru, who had sunk into silence. Long black hair slowly cascaded down her pale, bare shoulders.

As he paid attention to that, Subaru gulped and set his thoughts straight,

Subaru:「Shaula. What is it that you want to do in the end?」

Shaula:「Mhm~ What do you mean?」

Subaru:「I don’t mean anything! You must understand what my aim is, right?」

Until just before, he had disregarded any thoughts that related to how he would reward Shaula. Were you to pay attention to him, you’d notice that Subaru had begun to speak in a manner that showed traces of rudeness.

To those words, Shaula frowned, and her face showed no traces that she had understood what Subaru had said. She brought her frown-adorned face closer, and as a result of that, Subaru held her back by placing his palm on her forehead.

And as he held her back,

Subaru:「I kill everyone who knows me, and I read their『Books of the Dead.』If I wipe out everyone who knows me, then the last one would be you. After that, I’ll end up reading your book, and yet…」

Subaru lacked the most important parts of himself by a mile and wasn’t able to fill in that gaping hole with his own strength. Subaru had no choice but to build『Natsuki Subaru』up little by little by collecting all the scraps of『Natsuki Subaru』from every single people who knew『Natsuki Subaru』and patching them into his original form.

In its completed form, it would contain all the memories of those who were familiar with『Natsuki Subaru』. Like Emilia, Beatrice, and so on; Shaula was no exception either.

That’s why he had promised Reinhard that he’d kill him someday as well.

She kept openly smiling in front of Subaru’s eyes. She kept helping Subaru in his objective without any hesitation. She kept interacting with her carefree attitude. And he had to kill her.

Subaru:「And yet, you accompany me? Shaula?」

Shaula:「Are you worried about meeee? Is it because you love me?」

Subaru:「――. Don’t joke about. I’m asking you seriously.」

Shaula’s answer to the sincere question he had asked was in the same tone as usual. And since that had gotten on Subaru’s nerves, he repeated his question again a little more crudely.

But, after receiving his words, Shaula called back to him with a:「Master.」

Shaula:「I’m really not joking about. Since being loved by Master is the meaning of my life. So, that’s what matters the moossst.」

Subaru:「――――」

Shaula:「If Master loves meeee, then you may make use of me as much as you like. My life is Master’s property. Being used as much as you like, Master… that is what I desire.」

Still in her usual tone, still with her clingy attitude which had to be bluntly brushed off, still giving off a rather flippant vibe where it couldn’t be distinguished if she was being serious or joking about, Shaula ran her hands down her ample breasts.

She ran them down and then turned her dark eyes to look at Subaru before giving him a weak smile.

What was shown there in her sincerity was an attitude that she lived her life earnestly, never ever lying. Shaula always spoke seriously. ――And since she did, she had no need to lie.

Shaula:「You may use meee as much as you like until I come to a miserable end. In exchange, I want you to love meee, and I want you to cry for meeee if I die. Since I’m really, I’m really just… I’m really just satisfied with that.」

Subaru:「…Why do you devote so much of yourself to me like that? It has to because I’m『Natsuki Subaru』.」

Shaula:「That’s not why.」

Subaru:「――――」

Shaula:「Master is Master; I don’t care about anything else. I just love wanting to love so that I want to love the one that I want to love. And, if that person loves me back, well, that’d be perfect. Am I speaking weirdly?」

Shaula tilted her head; it seemed like she didn’t hold a single doubt in what she’d said. Seeing that, Subaru let out a small「Hah.」 And soon enough what had been just a small snort of laughter steadily caused his throat to squeeze up into laughter.

Subaru laughed.

He didn’t laugh as either『Natsuki Subaru』or the play-acted version of『Natsuki Subaru』he put on in front of Emilia and the others. This time he laughed as the hollow Natsuki Subaru that had forgotten everything about his life in another world.

Subaru:「Ahhh, god damn, don’t you guys… don’t you people go fucking worrying about my damn self-discovery… Damn idiots.」

Shaula:「Huh!? Master, no way, did you get mad!? Did I say something weird!? Could it be that Monday, Thursday and Fridays are the days which all the burnable trash is thrown away!?」

Subaru:「I ain’t angry. I’m just amazed. I’m amazed, and ah, I’m damn speechless.」

Letting out a long sigh, Subaru slightly shook his head and started to walk. Shaula, looking rather unlike her usual self, timidly watched over Subaru’s back.

Subaru gave yet another long sigh seeing the stubbornness in her gaze.

Subaru:「You can do what you want, so, get yourself over here quickly.」

Shaula:「If I can do what I want… then, maybe you won’t get angry if I cling onto your arm, right?」

Subaru:「I guess so if you ain’t gonna cling on with your whole body weight.」

In an instant, Shaula’s face lit up and with a leap she wrapped Subaru’s arms around her chest. Even though usually it would have been a rough experience, only when it came to touching Subaru did Shaula tone down her strength.

It was like she was handling something fragile and important and trying not to break it.

Subaru hated that Shaula would flirt with him―― No, he disliked it. Her affection made him uncomfortable.

The one which Shaula wanted to be affectionate to was『Natsuki Subaru.』And, since everybody thought that they didn’t care or hold any interest in Natsuki Subaru, other than『Natsuki Subaru』,

Shaula:「Master, Master~」

Subaru:「Hm?」

Shaula:「I love youuu, Master. Love is Over. 」

TL Note: Another one of Shaula’s pop culture references. References this song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxaED86s3L0

Subaru:「I see. I don’t love you, though.」

Shaula:「Guaaaaa! M-Master’s so mean….」

Subaru:「But.」

Shaula:「But?」

Subaru:「…After you kill Reinhard, I will kill you last. I, who am not『Natsuki Subaru』will kill you last. That is what I will do for you.」

Shaula:「――――」

Subaru:「That’s all I will promise.」

Shaula:「Ah, aahah, ahahahah! Master, Master… really? I’ll be last? Am I gonna be Master’s last woman?」

Subaru:「When you say it like that, it makes me want to break that promise already.」

Shaula:「Ehh~! No! It’s a promise! It was definitely, definitely a promise!」

Subaru:「I was joking.」

Shaula:「Eeeeeh!? A joke? Which part was a joke!? Master, Master~!」

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, there’s too much to be patched together. Even if he kept patching it together so that the original form became unrecognizable, he could still patch together a new one.

Patching together, and continuing to live on.

Patching together, and continuing to live on.

Until the day comes where he would die, he would continue to patch it together, and live on――

『Patching Together a Life in Another World From Zero』F I N

Source: Touka131

--- Re: Tsugihagu IF (Gluttony Route) ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated by :

Proofread by :

Fan Art Source :

And with huge gratitude to Erifuru’s Help, check out his Spanish Translations here

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI, THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together, patching together.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and even now, as he patched himself together, he was still incomplete――

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Hey, do you know my name?]

The little girl, Amue Sears, held her breath at that question.

It was quite an ordinary question, without any real coherence to it. It should have been a dull question that wouldn’t have required much time or preparation to answer. If you know it, you know. If you don’t know it, you don’t. That’s all it was.

Amue:「――――」

But, Amue’s voice did not come out at that question, even if it were to be seen at face value.

Life was a series of choices. This was the reality which even Amue, who had just turned 14 years of age, was well aware of from her experiences in her short life.

When it comes to life, decisions have to be made in just about everything. It begins from small, ordinary things, or, perhaps it was a variety of the big decisions that affect life. But, setting aside whether they were big or small, life was made up entirely of decisions.

And now, a question which held the greatest weight of her 14 years alive was raised at Amue Sears. Or perhaps, it was the greatest decision of her life. That dull, insignificant question, with nothing special about it, that had been raised just before, was that very thing.

???: [――Hey, do you know my name?]

The repeated question kept tightening Amue’s throat. Nevertheless, the one who had raised the question didn’t seem to have wanted to cause that. It was even a kindness to repeat the question once again; such a consideration felt like quite an imbalance.

If it was the one questioning that was tormenting Amue, then it was also the one questioning that held the most anxiety for Amue. In truth, she understood that he was just seeking an answer to the question. That’s why Amue would have to grope for the right solution amongst the options, without any hints other than what was available from pondering it over within her head.

――What would really be the correct answer?

Know it, or don’t know it : which was the one that the questioner was looking for? Or perhaps it would be better to answer that she knew it, even if she didn’t? Or, would it be better to answer that she didn’t know it, even if she did? ――Amue’s heart shrieked at the two anguishing choices.

???: [――Hey. Do. You. Know. My. Name?]

Each part of the question that was once again repeated was punctuated in impatience. Even if they didn’t understand each other, would that make him anxious? That fear plucked at Amue’s chest. To be honest, she could be convinced that if she didn’t answer with either a “Yes” or “No” that it’d be unconditionally impossible to meet the questioner’s expectations.

She couldn’t end it still without saying anything, still without giving a response, and still without making a decision. She would not be set free. ――Only in that, there was no doubt.

Amue:「――――」

Still her voice didn’t come out. She returned the gaze of those black eyes which were right in front of her. Amue pondered. Within those vacant black eyes, the terrible visage of the haggard Amue herself could be seen within them. She really didn’t want to say it out loud, but in her own appearance, she was self-conscious of the way she could be seen; she had become a mere shadow of her former self.

Being absolutely terrified of the dominance of the questioner right in front of her eyes, she cowered.

Amue’s face was drawn out, exhausted, as if she had aged dozens of years all at once. If things continued this way, she’d end up dying by the mere pressure of the question itself; fragilely she――

???: [――Hey, do you know my name?]

The strong feeling of pressure that gave her the impression of death suddenly, quite on the contrary, inspired hope within Amue. Whilst Amue experienced the suffocating sensation that felt like her chest was about to cave in, a premonition that she’d answer the question and then be set free encompassed her. Just as she thought that, she realized that the dismal sensation that been dominating her entire body had started to fade.

A sense of suffocation had come from the strong pressure of her doubts concerning what she should answer. Since she wanted to be set free from this, she would need to bite down her anxiety at the initial question. Perhaps it was a kind of self-defense instinct, but for Amue in this moment, this appeared like a divine revelation. Therefore, with her lips trembling, she once again stared back into those black eyes.

???: [――Hey, do you know my name?]

She would be set free from her current suffocation by answering the question. With all her willpower, Amue finally moved her trembling tongue, and formed some words.

Amue: [N… no……]

In accordance with her heart, Amue replied that she didn’t know. She released her thoughts from the choices which had been up until then endlessly spinning around in her mind. She answered the question with utmost lucidity. In fact, she didn’t know neither the name or face of the questioner that stood in front of her.

When it came to her, who lived in a place that ought to be called the borderlands, the so to speak remote countryside, events from the Kingdom, even serious ones, were like rumors from a faraway land.

That’s why, no matter how much of a big shot he was, to her, he was a stranger that she didn’t know――

???: [――Is that so?]

It was a short reply. She couldn’t tell whether deep emotion or dejection had been put into that reply. But Amue’s decision had been formed. What came after was the questioner’s problem.

If life was a series of choices and decisions, then that was the same for anyone. Since Amue had chosen, the questioner would also have to chose.

Amue:「――――」

The 14 year old little girl waited for the questioner’s choice silently.

――She waited for his answer all alone in the middle of a village where no one had been left except for her.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: 『Hey, Subaru. Isn’t it time for lunch soon?』

Stopping in his tracks at hearing that call, Natsuki Subaru rubbed his stomach. The time had already passed noon, and now that it had been mentioned, he was indeed feeling hungry. The reason behind why he hadn’t noticed it until now was because he had been concentrating on walking about without heed. The main road continued endlessly on and on to the extent that he had to concentrate entirely on walking. If he were to think about where he was headed to, it’d get to the extent that he’d feel depressed; such was how absurdly long the journey was.

Subaru:「Though, a break is important don’t you think? My bad, Emilia-tan. Did you get tired?」

Emilia:『Not at all, I’m doing fine. But, it was just on my mind that I was worried for Subaru, who’s been walking all this time. If you’re alright, it’s fine, but…』

Subaru:「Nono, that’s right, my stomach was rumbling as well. I’m absolutely starving, almost to the point where my stomach was dangerously close to sticking to my back. Heh, how dangerous how dangerous.」

Emilia:『Is that so? That would be a reaaaaaally dangerous place for them to be, right…』

Having heard Subaru’s answer, who had exaggeratedly placed his hands on his stomach, the silver haired girl―― Emilia placed her hand against her mouth and giggled. Her features looked the prettiest in this world, and the sound of her voice was rather like that of a silver bell. As that smiling face drew nearer, Subaru scratched his head and also let his lips split into a smile. And, from beside those two――

???:『Don’t tease Emilia too much, I suppose. No matter how rumbly your stomach is, it’s impossible for your stomach and back to stick together, in fact.』

Subaru:「Oopsy.」

When he turned his head to look at the direction of the voice, Beatrice was there, a composed expression resting on her face and her arms folded. Subaru suddenly narrowed his eyes at the point made by the little girl who was wearing a pretty dress. Seeing that, Beatrice furrowed her well-kept eyebrows and said『What, I suppose?』

Beatrice:『Subaru’s face is a little unsettling, in fact. What’s the matter, I suppose?』

Subaru:「It was so cute when you said rumbly . Say it again!」

Beatrice:『Grrrrr, in fact! Don’t get caught up in such strange things, I suppose!』

With her face flushed, Beatrice snapped back at Subaru’s frivolous words. Subaru and Emilia both exchanged glances and laughed seeing how Beatrice had reacted. She had puffed out her cheeks even more. Seeing her like that was really cute. ――There was no mistake about it. If he were to tell her this directly, he would probably dampen her mood. After confirming that, Subaru rolled up one of his sleeves with an「Alright!」

Subaru:「Well then, how about we take advantage of Emilia-tan’s concern and start lunchtime? For the time being, let me show off my talent. Any requests?」

Emilia:『Ah, well then, I want you to use mayonnaise. Hey, look, I imagine Ram just made some mayonnaise again, right?』

Subaru:「Of course, of course, it’s my pleeeeasure if that’s Emilia-tan’s order! Luckily, there’s plenty thanks to Ram’s stockpiles. She finally recognized the appeal mayonnaise has…」

Ram:『――Stop saying such idiotic things.』

Subaru:「Uwaaa!?」

After he placed down the baggages that he had been carrying, Subaru started to make a campsite just off of the main road. Seeing some slender legs standing roughly beside him, pale pink eyes were staring down at the surprised Subaru. The figure stood embracing her own arms, an air of majesticness about her. The girl held a look that showed nary a trace of hospitality as a stark contrast to the maid outfit she donned――

Subaru:「That was quite the abrupt greeting, eh, Ram. At least let me finish what I’m saying!」

Ram:『Hah! Stop making me laugh. I only help out in making mayonnaise because it’s a professional order. Would Ram trust in such a flavoring that’s just sour and white? Disgusting.』

Subaru:「Saying it’s disgusting is such an overstatement! To begin with, you shouldn’t be able to deny the explosive power of using mayonnaise on steamed potatoes! I won’t let you say that the taste is a lie!」

A flavor coated in plenty of mayonnaise on the steamed potatoes that came fresh from the oven which were full of salt. The sweetness of the forbidden flavors which overwhelmed one’s tongue was an Eden that should be savored by any mayonnaise lover at least once―― Potatoes and mayonnaise indisputably held the highest compatibility with each other that could never lose its luster.

Subaru’s mouth watered as he recalled that splendid harmony of taste. Were the ones next to Subaru imagining the same taste? He could see Emilia and Beatrice’s eyes shimmering.

Subaru:「Look at that, the reactions of two cute gourmands! Seeing that, can you still slander mayonnaise with your heresy!?」

Ram:『…Ah well. It’s as Barusu says. The magnificence of steamed potatoes is such that even strange seasonings like mayonnaise can add value to them.』

Subaru:「It’s not that way, it’s the opposite! No, even me saying the opposite isn’t right, it’s more like you’re being stubborn. Isn’t that right, nee-sama!」

In the end, Ram would never yield to saying that the contribution of mayonnaise was greater than that of steamed potatoes. Even though Subaru shook his fist at that obstinate attitude, Emilia broke into strained laughter, speaking out a “Now now, settle down” to the two of them.

Emilia:『 Subaru, calm down. I like both mayonnaise and steamed potatoes, as well as mayonnaise placed on steamed potatoes. Besides, it’s rather just down to the fact that Ram can’t bring herself to be honest.』

Ram:『…Emilia-sama, please stop concerning yourself with speaking out Ram’s thoughts as you please. Ram’s target age is going to lower with Emilia-sama speaking like that.』

Emilia:『S-sorry. But, what do you mean by target age…?』

Emilia was perplexed by Ram’s unreasonable and unintelligible reaction. However, the feelings which had been expressed in the two’s conversation weren’t ones of moodiness, but rather they were feelings of unconcealable deep affection and faith. On the contrary, Emilia and Ram had built up quite an ideal relationship with each other. Calling it a master-servant relationship was quite a delicate issue as from Ram’s perspective she didn’t think of herself as a subordinate, however there were more bonds between the two of them. And only Subaru understood those well. In any case――,

Subaru:「I feel bad for Nee-sama, but Emilia-tan’s word of God takes complete priority. That’s the style of this party. Anywho, today’s lunch will have a whole bunch of mayonnaise!」

Emilia:『Yaaay, yippee!』

Emilia clapped in delight, and Ram gave an exasperated sigh. Even so, that was enough for Ram to not cling onto it more than that. Emilia herself understood its deliciousness. Of course, since Subaru was a true, unbridled mayo-lover, he would be the biased judge for this menu.

Subaru:「Of course, Beako loves mayonnaise a lot just like me. It makes you happy, right?」

Beatrice:『I can’t deny it, in fact. But, the oh so omniscient manner you speak about it in is irritating, I suppose. Betty’s anger isn’t easy to dispel, in fact. I want a delicious meal for that, I suppose.』

Subaru:「Hehe, as you wish.」

Puffing out her slender chest, Beatrice made her cute special request. Subaru gave a bow at the request. After seeing that dramatic gesture, and making sure that Emilia and the others were satisfied, they began preparing the meal. Even so, they couldn’t make such an elaborate meal in the open air. Of course, if they used the power of magic they could use fire and water like that, but,

Emilia:『I’m sorry, Subaru. I can’t really help you out much.』

Subaru:「You needn’t say sorry. Now is my time to shine, don’t you think? On the contrary, it’s fine if you fall in love with me again when I show off my unexpected creative skills.」

Emilia:『Jeez, you’re such an idiot.』

Returning a smile at Emilia who still had a faint smile on her face, Subaru set about on coming up with something to prepare the meal with the ingredients that were at his disposal now. Food was what provided their energy each day; he didn’t want to be shoddy with it. Checking the contents of his baggages, Subaru did everything he could to prepare a meal which could meet everyone’s needs. Everyone that accompanied him would be given tasty food to eat.

He hadn’t thought about it up until now, but it would be delightful for everyone to receive his tasty cooking that he had made to eat. That too served as a motivation for him as he made the food. If he were able to do such a simple thing so well, then that ought to have delighted his mother quite a lot.

Emilia:『Mhmhmhmhm…』

Whilst confining those emotions to a corner of his mind, Subaru peered out nearby at those who were busying themselves cooking and his cheeks relaxed at seeing the cheerful figures of Emilia and the others. He could even hear some humming. It was out of tune.

???:『Oho, the one on meal duty today is onii-sa~n. That’s quite worryi~ng.』

Meili had appeared as they were making the preparations for the meal. She turned towards Subaru, giving him a look that was not suiting to her age as she twiddled her fingers through her deep blue braided hair. Subaru returned her gaze with a suspicious look in his eyes on seeing her sweetly smiling figure.

Subaru:「Worrying, huh? What worries. I ain’t going to let a girl who says such impertinent things eat!」

Meili:『Wow, that’s abu~se. Besides, isn’t it Onii-san that tries to soak everything in may~onnaise? I don’t really like it at all.』

Subaru:「Wh-what!? You as well don’t know the charm of mayonnaise…!?」

Meili:『Don’t make a face like the world’s about to e~nd.』

Meili gave a sigh at seeing Subaru making such an astonished face. But, the shock that Subaru had received on hearing her reply was immeasurable. Even if it wasn’t tantamount to it being the end of the world, the shock he had received was like as if he had realized it was the end of this year.

???:『Even so, I think you’re taking it a little too seriously. Miss Meili was just saying that she was not on the same wavelength as you, who tries to mix mayonnaise into just about any ingredient.』

Subaru:「Ugh…」

It was Julius who had followed up Meili’s words, as she showed her objections to mayonnaise. He was a handsome man, who embodied gracefulness even in his gait. Julius, who had made his way over to him, grinned at Subaru all of a sudden.

Julius:『If I may add something, I too share the same opinion as Miss Meili. Thought mayonnaise itself isn’t that bad, its first impression diminishes when you put it on everything. You have to be careful with it, you know.』

Subaru:「You’re such a prickly, noisy guy. What was happening now was an issue between me and Meili. It would have been nice if you didn’t come butting in.」

Julius:『I guess in my role as one of the members here, it’s my duty to preserve the healthy environment of the group. Ignoring the seed of disagreement would result in it budding and on it blossoming, you will repent and lament it all too much. It’s my duty to give you advice before it becomes that. And with all that, you’re reacting like that?』

Subaru:「You’re a guy who always has a comeback for everything I say, aren’t you!」

Expressing himself in such a roundabout way, Julius poked at each of Subaru’s indiscretions. Feeling like he’d been cornered by his words, Subaru’s voice became rougher. And, having heard their exchange, Emilia burst into laughter with a “Hehe,”

Subaru:「Emilia-tan?」

Emilia:『As always, Julius and Subaru are reaaaallly good friends.』

Subaru dejectedly dropped his shoulders seeing Emilia’s gaze which looked as if she were looking at something pleasant. Also in the same standpoint, Julius closed one of his eyes whilst brushing his hand through his fringe.

Just this time did Subaru and Julius’s opinions seem like they saw eye to eye. But, it seemed like there was quite the difference between the way Emilia received that opinion. Since her jewel-like amethyst eyes seemed to view the exchange between Julius and Subaru just now as if it had been an act between two close friends.

Subaru:「Umm, Emilia-tan. I’m always saying this, but that’s a…」

Emilia:『That’s a?』

That was always a big misunderstanding, no matter what the circumstances may be. Subaru tried to explain that to Emilia who had inclined her head in doubt――、

Subaru:「That’s a…」

Emilia:『――――』

The words he had tried to continue as his explanation, the start of them halted, and Subaru’s lip stiffened.

Just now, Emilia’s movement, who had inclined her head and had been smiling in front of his eyes, came to a standstill. ――No, it wasn’t just Emilia who came to a standstill.

Around Subaru’s surroundings where everyone had been in the midst of cooking up until now, everyone who had been speaking stopped in their tracks. Everyone became completely stiff. ――It was as if the world’s time had entirely come to a stop awaiting Subaru’s next move.

But, the sound of the wind, the scent of the greenery and the boiling water indicated that it wasn’t so. The world hadn’t come to a stop. ――Only Emilia and the others had. It’s as if Subaru was awaiting for the images to catch up with him, to try and make them reappear.

But, just Emilia and the others had come to a stop――,

???「――Master~! Badump , I went to check ahead~!」

Subaru:「――――」

Suddenly, an extraneous presence thrust itself into the silent world which had been at a standstill. It moved in front of Subaru’s eyes, who had been kindling the fire sat atop of a boulder. The figure jumped nimbly, diving towards him with great vigor.

???:「Here’s to the quick return of Shaula! Master, please praise me and hug me and love me!」

A tall, beautiful woman, with a smile adorning her features, turned towards Subaru and said that. She was someone who exposed her clear white skin, and had long, tied-up brown hair. She showed off her sexy feminine body without any shame―― The woman, Shaula, let a carefree smile float across her face.

Subaru:「――――」

However, Subaru’s reaction to Shaula’s appearance was quite poor. That too should have been expected. She had came barging in just as Emilia was smiling.

Her exuberantly lively leap had scattered Emilia, and she had also erased all the others that had stood still. Subaru frowned at that fact.

Shaula:「Wh-What? Wha-What’s wrong, master? Did I maybe mess up again?」

Subaru:「…No, it’s fine. Don’t worry about it. You didn’t do anything wrong.」

Shaula:「Is that so? Well then, I won’t worry! Ah, besides that, Master I’m glad you’re preparing the meal! I’m staaaarving~」

For a moment, Shaula’s face had clouded over at seeing Subaru’s facial expression, but as soon as she heard Subaru’s backtracking, she went to over to embrace Subaru, her face with nary a trace of her earlier anxiety.

Even though he felt Shaula’s body pressing against his arms, and her hellish softness against his elbow and shoulder, Subaru shook her off with a blunt:「Hey, get off of me.」

Shaula:「Ah! Master’s so mean… But I won’t be discouraged. Bambambam , by attacking you in this way, I will snipe right for Master’s heart, soul and male instincts.」

Subaru:「Like, it’s as if you’re aiming right in the middle… Also, don’t go grabbing the arms of people in the middle of cooking. What would you do if I ended up burning my hand?」

Shaula:「If that were to happen, I’d gently lick the affected part! I would lick it and lick it day and night without letting go!」

Subaru:「That wouldn’t stop it from swelling…」

Shaula insisted, raising both of her arms vigorously. Subaru shrugged his shoulders seeing that attitude from Shaula and gave a feeble laugh. Seeing that, Shaula raised her eyebrows with a:「So, so!」

Shaula:「Did Master laugh just now? Did something amusing happen?」

Subaru:「What’s amusing is you, just you.」

Shaula:「Ehh, is that… a marriage proposal…?」

Subaru:「How did you come to that conclusion!?」

He didn’t know how the conversation had jumped to that, but Subaru poked Shaula on her forehead (whose cheeks were squirming, dyed in red), putting into his feelings of denial and his objections to it. Receiving that, Shaula groaned,「Oww~」

Shaula:「Wellwell, doesn’t saying “You’re an amusing woman” act like a legal right for a man and woman to fall in love with each other! After saying that, shouldn’t you just be continuing it with “Be my woman”!?」

Subaru:「Really, where did you hear such one-sided information? That pattern seems to have grown old even from where I am from already; you hardly see it anymore…」

Maybe it wasn’t seldom whereby male protagonists would handle these first-met events in games targeted towards women, or in Shoujo manga. But, Subaru didn’t know whether that was still in use now.

In any case, referring to Shaula as amusing was not so he could seduce her. But, as far as Subaru was concerned, Shaula’s reaction was――

Subaru:「――The thing you said was unexpected, it was new.」

Shaula:「――――」

Subaru:「That’s why talking with you isn’t… so bad. I have no doubts about that.」

He wouldn’t specifically say that talking to people other than Shaula was painful. But, when Subaru conversed with other people, naturally, it would be often that he would be made aware of his own incompleteness. And that was painful. It didn’t mean that someone was at fault. ――The one at fault was always himself.

Subaru:「The one who’s at fault… is always me. That’s why…」

Shaula:「In other words, this time , it’s a marriage proposal!?」

Subaru:「What the hell, no!」

The mood that came with that earnest speech lasted only for a second. Shaula let her discontentment rain at the shouting Subaru. She wiggled her hands and feet and said「Eeh~」

Shaula:「Butbut, in the place where I spent my time in idle grey, it was you that blew a new wind into me. It’s like that. Doesn’t that make it still a legal right within a legal right~?」

Subaru:「Absolutely not. So, where on earth does your biased source of knowledge come from…?」

He had intended to have a relatively serious conversation, but Shaula had completely broken that, and so Subaru abandoned the idea. Absentmindedly slackening his cheeks, Subaru went back to concentrating on his cooking.

Next to Subaru who was cooking by the side of the road, a meal was prepared for the two of them. For the two of Subaru and Shaula―― not for those whom should have been enjoying the conversation, i.e. Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Meili and Julius amongst others.

――Realizing that truth once again, Subaru’s chest ached in cruel, forlorn anguish.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

It was often that he was made aware that he was an imperfect being. And that really frayed at his nerves. It was quite evident that it wasn’t a healthy mentality by no stretch of the imagination, but if you were to really be put into that situation, then you’d be able to experience the sensations of his worn soul.

Frankly speaking, there was no doubt that the current Natsuki Subaru’s frame of mind was in such a state.

Shaula:「――Master, master, where are we off to next?」

Subaru:「Ah, that’s right…」

Shaula was walking right next to Subaru, humming as she went along, in high spirits. Looking up at hearing her question, Subaru pondered about it as he looked up ahead of the main road.

Ram:『For now I think we should head towards the west, right? Are you perhaps looking for civilization? If you want to get away from civilization then turn to the right and you can plunge right into the Great Waterfall, or so I’d hope.』

Subaru:「Don’t make such a scary suggestion, Nee-sama… That’ll be the only feeling I’ll end up getting from it you know.」

Her point wasn’t just candid advice, but rather it was said in typical Ram-like fashion, the kind that was like she was exchanging poison. Whilst keeping that in his chest, Subaru decided to head westwards in accordance with her advice.

Subaru:「I am going to keep on heading to the west… But, what will you do?」

Shaula:「Eh? Well, I’ll be following Master without ever letting go, right? Since the time we were separated from each other was sooo long, it’s gotten hard for me to be away from Master for even one second. Please take care of Shaula, who’s always watching over you from good morning to good morning.」

Subaru:「From good morning to good morning, you say… How Scary! Wouldn’t that be all throughout the day!」

Shaula:「Every day and night too.」

Shuddering at her rather grand stalkerish advance notice, Subaru cast his face down, a troubled expression adorning it. In all honesty, it felt strange that he had ended up walking along with Shaula.

There was Subaru who held shameful feelings of guilt and misery. And then there was Shaula who acted openly without any inhibitions. Though maybe with them as a combo, the balance of tension between plus and minus was kept at an equilibrium. But, in any case, even though Subaru certainly felt like he was helped out a lot by Shaula’s behavior, he couldn’t think of what merits there lay from Shaula’s perspective in accompanying him.

Shaula:「Master is Master; that’s the number one thing for me, y’know.」

Subaru:「…Honestly, I don’t really get you. Are you seriously going to keep following me around?」

Shaula:「Of courssse! Haven’t you heard of something called “Until Death does us Part”! I can’t let the love that built up during the time we didn’t meet go dry y’know~ . I won’t leave Master’s side anymore no matter what happens. I will even give birth to so many children, as many as in a baseball team!」

Subaru:「Don’t you go throwing such horrifying fastballs around…」

Stretching out her ample breasts, Shaula looked over at him with shimmering bright eyes. He covered his eyes with his palm. The depths of his heart were complex and hard to comprehend.

He wasn’t really sure whether he should call Shaula’s rather direct behavior flirting, but in itself, as a man, Subaru wasn’t necessarily unhappy. If he placed her eccentricity to the side, Shaula was a beautiful woman and quite attractive.

Subaru:「――――」

However, Natsuki Subaru’s heart couldn’t be shook by Shaula’s temptations. Because such human-like emotions were things which could only be permitted in decent human beings. In brief, it was because they were absolutely unattainable capabilities for the current him.

Emilia:『I think it’d be better for Subaru to be a little more kind to Shaula. She keeps giving it her all like that, and even for all of that, isn’t it pitiful?』

Suddenly, a chiming voice like a silver bell cut into Subaru’s hesitation. Turning his gaze to his side, Emilia could be seen peering at Subaru’s face. Subaru closed one of his eyes at her adorable pouting expression.

Subaru:「…Even though it’s Emilia-tan saying that, don’t you think that was really harsh? And here was me thinking that I knew how I thought about Emilia-tan.」

Emilia:『Uhm… I guess. Maybe. Sorry. Of course, I’m lonely too; but I think it’s pointless if you’re always moping about it. After all…』

Subaru:「After all?」

Emilia:『After all, I’m already――』

As she narrowed her amethyst eyes, Emilia tried to continue her words from before. He’d want to immediately interrupt if there was something he didn’t want to hear, but that was difficult. Not lending his ears to this Emilia’s words was more difficult than cutting off the words of God.

However――,

Subaru:「Whoops.」

Even if it was impossible to spontaneously interrupt her, he could still interrupt her due to external factors. Suddenly hearing a noise drawing closer from behind him, Subaru shifted his attention away from Emilia and made his way to the side of the main road. The sound of wheels drawing closer informed him that a dragon carriage was approaching.

At once, he pulled Shaula’s arm and the two of them escaped from the path of the dragon carriage.

Shaula:「Yhaa, Master sure is aggressive…」

Subaru:「Get off.」

Subaru boisterously avoided Shaula’s hug who had been taking advantage of him having pulled her arm. Having been shook off, Shaula crashed against some trees along the main road, and she let out a shriek,「GYAAAA!」

Giving a quick glance back at Shaula whose nose had turned red, still crashing against trees, Subaru waited for the dragon carriage to pass by and out of his sight, before going back onto the main road once again――,

???:「Hmm?」

Ahead of him, the dragon carriage that had passed by Subaru and Shaula let out a sound and came to a halt. It didn’t seem like it was due to any troubles with the carriage body. With that, he couldn’t think of any reason for it coming to a stop other than because of Subaru and Shaula.

It was still the peak time of the day, but the road was deserted. Subaru increased his vigilance for a split second as if he’d come across bandits or the likes.

???:「――You wouldn’t happen to be Natsuki Subaru-san by any chance?」

However, that vigilance quickly vanished too due to the call from the individual who had descended from the dragon carriage’s driver seat. After calling out his name, the tall youth who should have been sat at the driver’s seat of the dragon carriage walked over to Subaru, who had now let go of his vigilance.

It was an individual whose age was around about Subaru’s, with grey hair that was tied up into a ponytail. Though his gentle features didn’t give off any striking impressions, quite unexpectedly, his build was quite robust. He didn’t give off the vibes that he performed manual labor, but it did look like his work involved some at least.

Regardless of such a first impression, what mattered the most for Subaru was that this youth recognized him, and that he had called out his name.

???:「Ahh, it’s as I thought, it’s Natsuki-san isn’t it? It’s been a long time.」

Subaru:「Aaah, well…」

He was a youth that greeted out to him with the familiarity of no doubt an acquaintance, even though there was a bit of a distance. As he hesitated on deciding how he would respond to him, Subaru looked around to his surroundings.

Receiving that look, Emilia, Beatrice and the others shook their heads. They had indicated that they had no clue who he was to Subaru. Emilia and the others, and Subaru as well, had thrown their hands up at that, but he hesitated in starting a conversation whilst pretending to know him.

That was Subaru’s signature move, but he didn’t want to do it right now due to various reasons. Seeing Subaru embroiled in confusion within his current mental state, the youth furrowed his well-shaped eyebrows and said,

???:「Oh, perhaps you’ve forgotten? It’s me, Regin Suwen… My older brother, Otto Suwen, helps you out. We met once before at the village.」

Subaru:「Regin you say… Ah, that Otto’s!」

Regin:「When you say it like that Otto , it’s almost like you’re saying it like it’s someone else’s business, no?」

Showing a forced smile at that unnatural expression, Subaru clapped his hands together in comprehension in front of the youth―― Regin. Unfortunately, he couldn’t remember Regin’s figure, but he did know Otto’s.

Now that it was mentioned, Regin and Otto’s features did have many similarities with each other. There wasn’t any doubts that they were brothers, and also acquaintances of Subaru.

Subaru:「It was my bad, it was my bad. Like you just caught me now at a time where various things are going on inside my head. That’s why your name didn’t come to me right away, or something like that.」

Regin:「Nono, I guess it couldn’t be helped since you’re in such a busy position. The royal selection has reached even my ears living in the remote countryside… Nii-san isn’t causing you any nuisances, right?」

Emilia:『Otto-kun causing you nuisances… what a preposterous thing to say, eh? Everyone of us has been helped out in various ways thanks to Otto-kun.』

Subaru:「Yeah. Otto’s become a great help to all of us in the camp… something like that. If that guy wasn’t there, it’d seem like things would be far more all over the place.」

Regin:「Is that… so? I guess that’s good then…」

Though Regin expressed a vague sense of gratitude as he said that, it seemed that he was quite relieved to be told about the current state of his older brother. And after that, he flitted between looking at Subaru and Shaula who were standing a short distance away from each other.

Regin:「Even so, Natsuki-san, what are you doing in a place like this? I would think it’d be quite arduous walking on the main road without even riding on a dragon carriage…」

Subaru:「Aah, you’re quite right there, or rather, how should I put it… I’d love to make use of a dragon carriage, or the likes if possible, but due a number of reasons doing that would be difficult. And, regarding what you said before about what I’m doing…」

Cutting his words off there, Subaru thought for a second. And then, he found the right words.

Subaru:「The current me is in the middle of reconsidering my own self… you could say『A Journey of Self-Discovery』.」

Regin:「A Journey of Self-Discovery…?」

Subaru「Mhhhm, that’s right. A Journey of Self-Discovery… Gh-hahahaha!」

His own words were amusing; Subaru laughed involuntarily. Although “Self-Discovery” was a word which was common with young people, were there any other relevant words which fit this well with the current Subaru? If he thought about it, it wasn’t so amusing.

Regin seemed to have vaguely felt that something was out of place at the state Subaru was in, and he said「Are you all right?」with a manner of concern for Subaru.

Regin:「Is something in your body not quite well? For a second, I was certain that this was the reason behind Natsuki-san recognizing me so late, but since I’ve been mistaken for others often before…」

Subaru:「My body isn’t unwell, really. If you’re talking about how I feel emotionally, then I’m on the confines of the worst I guess. But, it’s thanks to you, Regin, that I’ll hang in there. I was relieved to meet you here you know.」

Interrupting Regin’s words, Subaru deeply bowed his head and expressed his gratitude. Seeing Subaru’s attitude, Regin continued to get more and more bewildered. However, it seemed like he had furthered his conviction that Subaru’s attitude before his eyes was quite abnormal. Regin made a resolute facial expression, and called out to Subaru with a「Natsuki-san,」

Regin:「I don’t really get the situation well, but for the time being, please come to the village with me. Let’s talk about it in detail at my clinic. You need to rest.」

Subaru:「Are you speaking like a doctor?」

Regin:「Though my patients are earth dragons, livestock and the likes, I am a doctor. Have you forgotten that too?」

Subaru:「――Forgotten. Aaah, that’s right. I’ve… forgotten?」

Regin:「Natsuki-san?」

If only he had forgotten, then for Natsuki Subaru, things likely would have ended up without him tasting the feelings of isolation that he had felt up until now. However, those feelings that tormented Natsuki Subaru were not easy things to forget.

Subaru:「Your village is further ahead, right? Have I ever stopped by?」

Regin:「Y-yeah, of course. In the past, when there was a bit of an issue, you, my older brother and that other guy came together…」

Subaru:「――I see. Thank you.」

He had been able to roughly hear what he wanted. He turned to face Regin, who had been daunted by Subaru’s words, and continued.

Subaru:「The way you… and your older brother talk are very similar.」

Regin:「Huh?」

Subaru:「You are quite the good guy. Your brother seems to be a good guy too.」

That’s why from hereafter, their『First Reunion』would also be terrible. By no means was it something that he’d derive pleasure from or look forward to.

Subaru:「――Shaula.」

Shaula:「Present; what’s up Master?」

Subaru:「Don’t hurt him.」

It was a short, nondescript call. But, by simply guessing his intentions, Shaula nodded with a「Arahorasassā!」 (TL Note: this is a reference to Yatterman (A Japanese anime, which also got a film), where from some research the trio from the animated film says アラホラサッサー！in one of their songs. I’m going to leave this untranslated. But it’s something like Hey, hey, hey.)

And――,

Subaru:「I’m sorry.」

Subaru apologized to Regin who was in front of him with a single phrase. The true meaning of his apology this time was far more clear than the vagueness of the one from some time before. However, Regin never understood the real meaning.

――That was because before Regin could understand, his head had been engulfed by light and had evaporated.

Subaru:「――――」

Regin’s headless body collapsed onto the main road without him even letting out a cry of pain. An intense heat burned the wound, and even blood couldn’t flow from the cross section of his neck.

Although it was ethically a mistake to praise how the murder had been carried out so skillfully, it was a blow that was so refined that he wanted to reflexively appraise it.

Subaru:「It’s a thing of splendor no matter how many times I see it.」

Shaula:「It’s the technique that I perfected sniping the Witch Beasts from the top of the tower that approached day in and day out, without having anything else to do for 400 years. Now that I think back on it, those are grey days unfitting for a maiden of age, right?」

Subaru:「You’ve lived for 400 years and you call yourself a maiden of age…?」

Without any emotion at the tragedy before his eyes, Subaru tilted his head at Shaula’s words. And then, dragging Regin’s headless corpse along, he approached his dragon carriage, that had lost its owner.

However, when the earth dragon noticed the approaching Subaru and the others, it immediately started to run away, trying to leave Subaru and others behind on the main road.

In an instant, a white light shot past Subaru’s side and pierced through the dragon carriage’s wagon. The attack penetrated into the earth dragon’s flesh as it still pulled the dragon carriage along, burning its insides, piercing through its head and finally snatching away its life.

Though it was a rather skillful blow, it was an unwanted one.

Subaru:「…HEEEY!」

Shaula:「Th-there weren’t any hard feelings! It was legitimate self-defense! It’s the result of having braced my legs trying to stop it in my own way! It’s just that my killing machine habits don’t go away so easily!」

Subaru:「I’m not angry. I’m not angry, but we may not be able to get ahold of a dragon carriage again now. When are we going to upgrade from travelling on foot…」

He had no luck at all with earth dragons when he brought Shaula along like this. Thanks to her accompanying him, it’d already been determined that Subaru would be forced to keep walking on foot forevermore.

Shaula:「S―o, isn’t it as I always say? Even if it’s not an emergency, when it’s Master, I will always carry you on my back~ And when I do, I won’t even mind if you carelessly fondle anything strange! How’s that!?」

Subaru:「It sounds like you’re gonna ask for money after or something.」

Evading Shaula’s temptation with his blunt words, Subaru pulled Regin’s corpse into the forcibly stopped dragon carriage. The large body of the earth dragon had also fallen onto the main road having received the same fate as its owner, all the way to the point of having lost its head. Of course, the earth dragon couldn’t be taken away with Subaru’s strength. But.

Subaru:「For now, go drag the earth dragon along with the dragon carriage to the forest’s vicinity. I will try go to the village that Regin spoke of. ――Do you get where I’ll be?」

Shaula:「It’s a piece of cake. I should try to make it so they aren’t found, right?」

Subaru:「If they can’t be found for a short while, that’s fine. It’s enough if they can be left hidden for 2 or 3 days.」

Getting off from the dragon carriage, he instructed Shaula to conceal the tragedy that had happened. Raising her hand in a salute of acceptance, Shaula grabbed ahold of the huge body of the earth dragon and easily lifted up its corpse in her slender arms. The dragon carriage also began to be pulled.

Whilst she went to hide the dragon carriage in the forest, Subaru turned to look towards where the village was.

Subaru:「Now then.」

Subaru started to walk, not without purpose, but with a set goal in mind. He walked straight towards the village Regin should have returned to.

How many people knew『Natsuki Subaru』 in that village?

Either too few or too many, whichever it was, it made him feel heavy in heart. But, although it was true that it was a matter of unpleasantness, were he to avoid it then he wouldn’t be able to pick the right path.

It was a heartless choice, but it was one he had no choice but to do.

If. ――If I can at least get back 『 Natsuki Subaru 』, everything will be alright.

Subaru:「Will getting him back even be effective?」

It’s for that reason that Subaru made the choices『Natsuki Subaru』couldn’t take.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru:「――Hk, hhaa.」

Subaru let the book that he had grasped in both hands drop the instant his consciousness spiralled back to reality.

His knees trembled, and his breaths had become ragged. An unbearable sense of dizziness, like the sort you’d get from standing up too fast, overwhelmed him despite him sitting on the ground.

――It felt like he’d never get used to it no matter how many times he experienced it.

Subaru:「Hhaa, hhaa……」

Brusquely wiping away the cold sweat dripping down his forehead with his sleeve, Subaru kept taking deep breaths and calmed his heartbeat down. Was the cause of his irregular heartbeat the chaos that came from the dissonance between his soul and body?

Each time he tackled a book, one after the other, he’d find that within the book, the thing he called 『Himself』had become hazier.

A sane human being probably wouldn’t be able to know the boundaries between themselves and others if this kept being repeated, and they’d melt together. Or rather, they’d probably lose sight of their very self.

Shaula:「Master, are you alright?」

Subaru:「…Yeah, I’m okay, I’m fine. More importantly, have you found the next book?」

Shaula:「Lemme see… I’m still looking. It’s like matching pictures, they’re difficult to find~. I’m really not cut out for this kind of menial work…」

Voicing out her concerns for the roughly breathing Subaru, Shaula crossed her fingers at her own disappointing lack of progress. However, Subaru had no intentions of blaming such a fragile girl.

That was because he was making her help with something unsuited for her, just like she herself was aware of. On top of that, there were bounds even to his inhumanity in going as far to rebuke the girl who’d been doing his bidding without getting anything in return.

What she did, was more than enough. There was a line that should be drawn even for Subaru, who kept running on the path of inhumanity.

Subaru:「I know that you’re not cut out for this, but I’m counting on you Shaula. There’s no one else who can lend me their strength besides you.」

Shaula:「It’d be nice Master, if you could say it as… just me.」

Subaru:「…Right now, the one I’m counting on, is just you.」

Shaula:「Hehe, now that makes me satisfied.」

Puffing out her cheeks, Shaula once again dove back into the sea of books with a satisfied expression on her face. Although presumably she wouldn’t hold onto that good mood for very long, her eyes were indispensable for finding the books.

Her presence was a matter of life or death for Subaru, even insofar to the meaning of her being simple manpower.

Subaru:「――――」

Subaru picked up the book that had dropped to his feet that he had been reading before, and ran his finger across the title written on its spine.

The title of the black book was plain and simple;『Regin Suwen』was written there.

That youth, who had happened to meet『Natsuki Subaru』in the past, had unluckily lost his life by meeting the current Natsuki Subaru―― Subaru had experienced his life in the book as if he were him.

The memories of his chance meeting with『Natsuki Subaru』had also certainly been there within that vicarious experience. But.

Subaru:「…They weren’t that well acquainted. From Regin’s perspective,『Natsuki Subaru』was a guy that came along with his older brother and it seems he didn’t know him well.」

Perusing the memories that had become part of himself, Subaru sighed, feeling as if he had wasted effort. In all honesty, he did think that the one who most wanted to sigh was Regin who’d ended up as the victim in this. However his disappointment amidst his feelings of wasted effort were also something that he couldn’t avoid.

Regin:『Hey, no matter how much you look at it, things aren’t like that, wouldn’t you think so, Natsuki-san?』

Subaru:「…Sorry. Even though I’ve snatched away all of your memories, the relationship is still far too thin, and reproducing it has become lower. It doesn’t seem like there are going to be many chances where I am going to pay attention to you.」

Staring reproachfully at the book with his own name written on it, between the bookshelves, Regin gave Subaru a rather profound look. Although it was to be expected, a hint of blame lay thick within his eyes.

After all, just about anyone would be in an awful mood if their death was lambasted as having been useless after being killed.

Being aware of that, Subaru gave him an honest apology and said “Sorry.” However――,

Regin:『Either way, I’ve got no choice but to accept that I’ve died. Besides, if your objectives are fulfilled, Natsuki-san, then everything will go back to how it was, right? Let’s hope for that.』

Subaru:「Ooh, you have the tolerance of a saint. I’m sorry to be taking advantage of your generosity, but I’m depending on it. I will pay back this debt when I put things back exactly to how they were.」

Regin:『Then let’s not hope for it, instead, let’s await it.』

Shrugging his shoulders, Regin waved and then started to fade from Subaru’s sight like mist. After he watched him disappear, Subaru put Regin’s『Book of the Dead』back on its shelf. And then, he picked up a paper that was nearby and crossed something out with his quill. ――The paper was a register which had a lot of names written on it. And just now, he had drawn a horizontal line where Regin’s name was.

Subaru:「…And that makes 23.」

As he counted the numbers he had squiggled out, Subaru cracked the bones in his neck, knowing he had a long way to go.

The library which had the『Books of the Dead』on show――『Taygeta’s』hostility was still going strong. And no matter how many times he’d visited it, it wouldn’t give Subaru a in-library search feature or the like.

Since he used it so frequently, he thought it wouldn’t really hurt if the service improved even a little bit. But, it sure was really annoying.

Beatrice:『Betty’s forbidden library was quite big too, but it’s not at all comparable to this one, I suppose. No one ought to complain about that again, in fact, Subaru.』

Julius『I agree. It looks nearly impossible to find a specific book in such an enormous library. You have to sit yourself down and deliberately apply yourself to the task. You’ll just keep exhausting yourself if you keep on going in blindly.』

Just as the complaints had crossed through his mind, Beatrice and Julius had given him their suggestions as they looked around the library. Their words were kind to Subaru, but that was why he stubbornly shook his head.

Of course, if he chose to devote time to it as had been suggested to him, then perhaps his feelings of wasted effort and anxiety would be eased just a little, but――

Subaru:「Trying to ease them would be a luxury in the first place. I don’t have any free time to sit around doing nothing. I have to reach a solution as soon as I can…」

Ram:『What if you don’t reach it? Will something change if Barusu hurries up a little?』

Subaru:「It’ll change! ――Everything will change!」

Ram glared at Subaru as he declared that with clenched fists, with her cold, pale crimson eyes. Turning away from her gaze, Subaru stared down at the list of names he held within his hand.

The list had all of the names of each person from the same village as Regin written down. Judging from what he consulted from Regin’s memories, the likelihood that they’d be helpful in getting anything conclusive was quite low. Low, but not zero.

Then, if that was the case――

Emilia:『Will what Subaru wants to do come true if you read the books of those people?』

Subaru:「Emilia-tan…」

Subaru hesitated for a split second at Emilia’s question, worry adorning her eyes. But, Subaru nodded at Emilia like he was saying it to himself above anything else.

Subaru:「Of course it will. Ever since… Ever since I forgot everything, I’ve just been causing everyone unimaginable trouble. This is the only way I can get everything back.」

Emilia:『I didn’t even consider that…』

Subaru:「――That’s not good enough!」

Emilia’s expression grew gloomier as if she were unable to bear to look at the angered Subaru. Subaru had raised his voice at her without meaning to.

And as he stared straight at the shocked Emilia’s eyes, Subaru continued to speak.

Subaru:「For crying out loud, please don’t say that. No matter what it takes… I will try and get『Natsuki Subaru』back. And after that…」

Emilia:『…And after that?』

Subaru:「And after that I’ll meet you all once again… I’ll meet you all and start anew.」 It was after losing everything, that he realized everything was important, far too late. Why didn’t people realize that what they had in their hands was irreplaceable until the load they carried on their back got lighter?

Unless losing everything and recovering didn’t go hand in hand, then why――,

Emilia:『――――』

Emilia stared at Subaru with somewhat feeble eyes, as Subaru forced those words out into a mutter. Complex emotions filled those amethyst eyes which even Subaru couldn’t read.

He should have been able to clearly see everything about her. And yet, his anxiety would be cruelly stirred up in the instances where he didn’t understand what lay in her heart.

What did Emilia think? What did Emilia feel? And how did she receive the current Subaru?

Those answer were――

Shaula:「――Master! I found the next book! Praise me Praise me!」

Subaru:「Ah, aaah, well done. You did great, Shaula.」

Shaula:「Huhehehehehe~」

Shaula, who had come jumping in, had forced his dialogue with Emilia to come to an end. Subaru gave Shaula a head-pat; as a result, her face relaxed and she gratefully accepted it.

The book she held in her hand definitely matched the name written on his list.

Subaru:「…How long has『Natsuki Subaru』been sleeping inside you?」

Receiving the book from Shaula, Subaru posed this question at the book that couldn’t answer him back.

Even though it was to be expected, the books didn’t concisely answer Subaru’s questions. However, answers did indeed lie within the books. All of his barbaric acts were necessary sacrifices for this purpose.

Subaru:「Fragmented, objective information is good enough. I’ll scrape it all up, and bring it closer to its completed form…」

Evaluation was something that was assessed and decided by the measure of others.

If that was the case, then if he were able to check everyone’s assessment and if the individual that was being assessed could be checked by the measure of everyone, then he should be able to reconstruct that person.

――And recover『Natsuki Subaru』.

That was Natsuki Subaru’s highest priority; his entire journey had been for this purpose.

Of course, all of the sacrifices that had been made, along with all the sacrifices which would be made in the future, were all necessary actions so that Natsuki Subaru could get『Natsuki Subaru』back.

If he could get『Natsuki Subaru』back. If he at least came back.

Subaru:「…If it’s you, I know you would take care of everything possible.」

The memories of Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Meili, Julius, individuals other than them and in general, all the individuals who had some relation to him. He desired memories like those.

Because, that strength should be in『Natsuki Subaru.』

Because, with that strength――,

Subaru:「――Save me.」

I’m counting on you, 『 Natsuki Subaru .』 If you’re a hero, then save me.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――『Murder becomes a habit.』

That was one of the phrases the famous detective, Hercule Poirot, left the world with.

The meaning of this phrase didn’t refer to a person who had killed a human being and then suddenly woke up with a preference for murdering people, who then kept repeating the crime to satisfy their cravings.

It referred to someone who once solved their problems by murder, and for them, whenever another problem arose, they would think about trying to break through the problem through murder again.

――『Murder becomes a habit.』

But, if killing really was linked to the solution of the problem, could it even be said that it was the result of murder becoming a habit?

Couldn’t it be said that it wasn’t that murder became a habit, but rather that unavoidable circumstances sprang forth.

The situation wasn’t that of adding murder as an option because it had become a habit, but rather such that there was no option other than to murder. Perhaps saying things like murder had become a habit wasn’t possible anymore.

――『Murder becomes.』

To hell with Hercule Poirot. Fictional detectives needn’t talk so pretentiously.

How could he have said it as if he saw through everything!? The reasons behind every situation, behind everything, are tangled together in various complications, with multiple layers of complexity to them.

Don’t disregard those things and make light of them by trying to apply those words to everything.

――『Murder.』

This was the only way when there was no other. It was the most logical when there was no other way to reach the correct answer.

That’s why it wasn’t murder becomes a habit, but rather…

――『Only murder becomes the answer.』

Yeah, that’s right. Of course it was. Only that was the answer. Only that was the correct answer. Only that would cut through the hopelessness of this dead-end; it was a last resort.

Emilia:『Subaru is always helping me out; you’ll end up finding a solution no matter what… My esteemed knight.』

Beatrice:『If Subaru hadn’t been there, Betty would still be completely alone in the forbidden library, I suppose.』

Ram:『Ah well… Barusu is a man with good timing. Even Ram will admit that much.』

Meili:『If Onii-san wasn’t so anno~ying, then I’m sure he wouldn’t have messed up his wo~rk.』

Julius:『Subaru, though perhaps you aren’t aware of it, but I was also saved by you. Your being was a path of hope for me as well.』

Subaru:「I know.」

I know that you all love『Natsuki Subaru』a lot.

I know that you all really care about『Natsuki Subaru.』

I know that the『Natsuki Subaru』that saved you all is a Superman.

I’m aware that everything that the『Natsuki Subaru』that saved you all did has been ruined.

That’s why I have to get him back.

If I can at least get him, if I can at least get『Natsuki Subaru』back.

If I can at least do that, everything will turn out well. It’ll all turn out well.

I have to keep going.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???:「――Natsuki Subaru has gone mad, and has killed Emilia, Julius and everyone else who accompanied him. I barely escaped with my life and somehow managed to run away and make it here.」

Everyone gathered frowned as they received the report Anastasia had brought back. The meaning behind what was shown on their faces was quite clear.

“Anastasia”:「It’s natural that all of you would judge this as hard to believe. I also deeply regret that I had to bring back this report. But, if we take into account the danger he poses, we cannot afford to look away from reality.」

???:「Anastasia-sama, even if you’re saying that, I don’t thi…」

Echidna:「――I am Echidna. Ana is still sleeping inside this body even now. Though, perhaps staying like this may be a blessing for her.」

???:「…It sounds like such a far-fetched story.」

The one who had cast his eyes down and then replied as he stood in front of Anastasia―― No, Echidna, was a red-haired knight; it was Reinhard van Astrea.

They were in the Watergate City Pristella―― Those that had gathered there were those who were involved in the Royal Selection. The battle for the city had ended quite some time ago, and each one present was awaiting the report regarding the return of Subaru and the others who had headed to the east.

Emilia and the others had headed to the east to borrow the『Sage’s』wisdom to find a means of restoring the calamitous damage the Witch Cult had caused as a result of the Sin Archbishops having appeared in Pristella.

They were embroiled in anxiety. But, they were awaiting good news.

The grounds to make them believe that lay in one of the members that headed to the east. Those grounds were in none other than Natsuki Subaru himself. ――That would show how he had gone mad, amongst other things.

Reinhard:「If I completely understood everything you said, then I can’t just nod my head at this story.」

Echidna:「Even if you can’t believe it, it’s the truth. He is not the same person you all knew. Natsuki Subaru has lost his memories, and is obsessed with getting them back. He has chosen the worst way to get them back.」

Reinhard:「What would the worst way be…」

Echidna:「The『Books of the Dead』that are in the Pleiades Watchtower… Within them are the impressions and memories of those who have died. The books can be read and understood. Unfortunately, since I haven’t read any of them, I don’t really understand the full extent of their power.」

Further confusion ensued after they received Echidna’s reply informing them of the strange power that the books held.

Of course, the threat that memories could be lost had been shown more than enough already. That too was one of the effects that Subaru and the others had gone to try and do something about.

But, who would have been able to predict that their journey to find a solution to that had ended up causing something of the same ilk.

???:「――I didn’t think Natsuki-san could do it alone. If his aim is reading the『Books of the Dead』, then how is he going about it?」

Reinhard:「Otto, do you believe this?」

Reinhard widened his eyes and turned to look at Otto who had let loose this coldly resounding question. With a glance at the『Sword Saint’s』blue eyes, Otto nodded with an「Indeed,」

Otto:「Anastasia-sama… or was it Echidna-san now? There’s no reason for her to lie to us like this. It’s too abnormal, and it doesn’t make sense. In fact, I can only think that something unexpected must’ve happened for her to have came back alone like this.」

Reinhard:「That’s… But…」

Otto:「I don’t want to believe it either. I don’t want to believe such a thing.」

Clenching his fist, Otto said this with a trembling voice to the persistent Reinhard. Anyone who heard that trembling voice would grasp just how much emotion was overwhelming the pit of Otto’s stomach.

Seeing the regret etched on the one he viewed as a big brother’s face, Garfiel, who was standing next to him, anxiously said:「Ottobro…」

Echidna:「…Otto-kun’s guess is correct. Even if in losing his memories, Natsuki Subaru’s behavior pattern changed… If he were alone, Emilia and Julius and so on should have been able to restrain him with ease. What got in the way of that plan was the one who was helping him… Shaula.」

Garfiel:「Shaula…? Isn’ that th’ name of th’『Sage』who oughta be in th’ watchtower? Did that guy do somethin’ to captain… No, this’s confusin’. It’s like in『Osmund’s Hesitation』…」

Echidna:「Sorry, but I can’t afford to wait until your confusion has calmed down. As you guessed, Shaula is the name of the watcher in the watchtower. Borrowing what she said, she kept saying that the『Sage』was her Master all the time. She ended up not being the『Sage』though…」

Reinhard:「There are various things I want to ask, but… just to make sure, is this Shaula collaborating with Subaru?」

Reinhard posed this question to make sure, and Echidna nodded. The place went into an uproar at her confirmation.

It was an unexpected betrayal from the hero who had tried to save the Watergate City from the Sin Archbishops. And the one that accompanied him in his transformation was the『Sage』, one of the three great heroes of yore.

Who wouldn’t try and lament the world in this cruel situation which was like a nightmare within a nightmare.

Echidna:「…It isn’t because I want vengeance that I brought the truth back here.」

Suddenly, Echidna, with her face pointed down, muttered those words amidst the confusion that was unfolding at her report.

Catching her reply, Reinhard raised his eyebrows and said:「Echidna?」As the gazes of several individuals collected on them, Echidna let out a short sigh.

Echidna:「Given Ana’s feelings, and the time I myself spent with Julius, I guess it would be justifiable to embroil myself in anger at Natsuki Subaru who killed him… But, I’m exhausted.」

Reinhard:「You’re exhausted?」

Echidna:「It may be true that I detested him, and that he detested me. But, even if he’s just a desperate child who’s approaching me shaking his fist, I’m exhausted.」

Shaking her head feebly, Echidna slowly stood up.

She had Anastasia’s face and spoke with Anastasia’s voice, but if she had really been her, then such a frail look would have never floated across her face.

Echidna:「I will leave this stage. The cruelty of ever bringing Anastasia back to this stage is unbearable. We have made undoable mistakes.」

Reinhard:「Doing that would…」

Echidna:「I know you have no bad intentions. But sometimes, giving up is the best thing you can do. Persuading me not to give up will only lead to anguish. I am… quitting here.」

Following that, not a single person had any words that would stop the completely heartbroken girl. Echidna of course knew that no one here had anything which would stop her.

Since she knew that, she faced away from those who had gathered, and left the place. ――And just as she had stated before, she left the stage of the Royal Selection itself.

Echidna:「I’m praying for your good fight, all of you. ――Please, I want you all to be careful.」

That was the final report that the only member that had returned back safely from the expedition to the Pleiades Watchtower left behind. All it did was stir up a heavy anxiety.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???:「……What’re ya gonna do from here?」

Ricardo, who was walking next to her, asked her that question as they walked on the way back. To that, Echidna closed her eyes.

The wound where Ricardo had lost his arm was serious; the part which he had lost that had once been a thick and burly arm was not attached there anymore. Instead, what had been attached there was something like a hook-hand. It could be said that the attitude of not giving up the fight even as he was now was rather like him, but――

Echidna:「It’s as I said. I give up. It’s wise. From this point on, I don’t think I will try and pretend to be Ana in her body… Though, at the very least, I will fulfill the minimum responsibilities towards the Hoshin Company.」

Ricardo:「What’re ya sayin’ the minimum responsibilities arrrrr…?」

Echidna:「The breakup of the company, and I have to try and help out the Employees with their next job. The company itself will probably do fine if it’s left to Vice-President Chuden.」

Ricardo:「――――」

Echidna:「I get that you’re dissatisfied. But, it’s something that can’t be helped.」

Though her true colors hadn’t been revealed then, Echidna and Ricardo had been together for a long time. Though it had been a one sided acquaintanceship, she did have an appreciation for the strong emotions that Ricardo directed at Anastasia.

And that was because they were the exact same emotions that Echidna held for Anastasia.

If Ricardo held emotions like of a father’s for Anastasia, then Echidna was the same as well; she probably held emotions like of a mother’s for Anastasia.

That’s why――

Echidna:「I think that I will part with the『Iron Fang』as well. From now on Ricardo, you are free to do as you like.」

Ricardo:「If I’m free ta do as I like, then I’m gonna search for a way ta wake up Miss.」

Echidna:「…If you still have your eyes set on that in this situation where our best chance was cut off, then I can’t say anything against that. It’ll be best if the young ones of the『Iron Fang』accompany you, right?」

Echidna couldn’t fling away Ricardo’s attitude as stubbornness like that. He too was serious about protecting the ones he wanted to protect, and not giving up on the ones he couldn’t give up on. There was nothing more cruel than judging his plight as meaningless before he started anything.

There was no need for Ricardo to give up just because Echidna had.

Nevertheless――

Echidna:「Even I don’t know whether Ana would be delighted by your attitude.」

Ricardo:「…If she scolds me, then ah well. And what’s more, how can I give up without first makin’ sure!? I’m doin’ this because… I’m Ana-bo’s actin’ foster father.」

Echidna:「――――」

Ricardo:「Can a father who abandons his daughter really be called a father? No matta’ what anyone says, I will… NEVER give up.」

There wasn’t a single hint of sarcasm towards Echidna in the resolute Ricardo’s declaration. However, being well aware of her own weaknesses, it stabbed deeply into Echidna’s chest. As a result, Echidna let a dry smile float across her face in admiration of Ricardo’s strength.

And then――

Echidna:「――Ricardo, you are really…」

Echidna was about to continue her words by saying, “strong, huh.”

Or, if she had the time for it, she may have wanted to ask whether it was possible for her to get that kind of strength as well.

――But, there was no time for that.

Echidna:「――――」

A feeling like a tremor shook underneath their feet, and in an instant, Echidna saw Ricardo stretching out his arm. His thick, hook-handed arm grabbed Echidna by the scruff of her neck and her feet were lifted up into the air.

With Ricardo having hooked her up, she was able to see what was going on, and that was the last thing she did.

The very next instant, a torrent of water rushed towards them with tremendous force, engulfing Echidna, Ricardo and the city, and then continuing on to wash away absolutely everything.

――The flood which the Witch Cult had botched up, now once again assailed the Watergate City which had previously escaped disaster.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru let out a short sigh as he gazed down at the city that was being swallowed up by the flood.

The city’s design was built in the shape of a mortar so that if water was poured into it, there would be no way out. It definitely was extremely effective, like pouring water into an ant nest.

Subaru:「As expected of the city used for the decisive battle against the Witchbeasts… the effectiveness of the trap was incredible.」

According to knowledge, the city had originally been erected to bring down a Witch, Witchbeasts, and the like; in accordance with that, the efficacy of opening the watergates was immense.

The water’s violence dragged the city to the bottom of its surface in an instant, and engulfed its inhabitants before they had any time to escape.

???:『I see, it’s a thing of splendor doooooooon’t you think? With this, many of the people that know you were dealt with all at once… I guess I’m okay to think that your self-discovery is progressing foooooward, right?』

Subaru:「…Shut up.」

Behind Subaru, who was overlooking the devastation, the tall clownish figure let his unscrupulous thoughts spill out. His facial expression didn’t express delight, though it did seem that he had gotten a suitable response in the results in front of his eyes. As the plan had been put into effect using his knowledge and advice, it’s wasn’t that he didn’t understand his thoughts, but.

???:『Master sure has poor taste… 』

The young figure of a maid was looking at the clownish figure with an expression of disdain. The young girl, who adorably gave off a seemingly intelligent impression, snuggled closer to Subaru and sneakily took hold of his hand.

Squeezing her hand back, Subaru gave her a fleeting nod.

Subaru:「Petra, how are things looking?」

Petra:『Umm, well, it seems like Shaula-san did everything right. Since all four control towers were used I don’t think anyone’s managed to get away… Maybe in the shelters as well.』

Subaru:「…I see. I’m sorry to make you deliver such a painful report.」

Petra put on a brave smile even when she was asked for her objective opinion.

The girl which Subaru knew was certainly stout of heart, but she was nevertheless an ordinary child with nothing special about her. Of course, that didn’t mean he didn’t feel guilt for dragging her into this, but――,

???:『If you’re going to get so emotional, I would have preferred if you didn’t start this in the first place. Subaru-sama is still such a half-baked individual, isn’t he.』

Subaru:「Ack, I don’t even have anything I can say back when you put it like that.」

The anger of the blonde haired maid, Frederica, who had brought her condemnations to him, didn’t clear up so easily.

She gave more weight to the tragedy that had happened to the people around her rather than the tragedy which she had witnessed. In that sense, it seemed like she’d never forgive Subaru’s actions.

This wasn’t the only reason why; it was also an emotional matter. Were he to look at this from a logical perspective, and were he to be unexpectedly honest with his feelings, he would be made to feel the kinship by blood she had with Garfiel.

Subaru:「Either way, I only know about Garfiel from others as well.」

Muttering it out with a sigh, Subaru gently brushed his fingers into his fringe. Brusquely scratching his head, he heaved out a strong sigh and shifted his attention to focus on the fight.

Clownish Figure:『Well then? What are you going to do neeeeeeeeext, Subaru-kun.』

Leaning forward, he gave a tch at Roswaal who was looking at him from the side. And then, Subaru declared「It’s as decided.」as if he were spitting out a curse.

Subaru:「It’ll go according to plan. ――It’s best to attack the most troublesome guy to start things off with.」

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Art Source: @GEAR_Art_

Otto:「 Cough, Ghack …!」

Garfiel:「Ottobro, are y’ okay!? Cough the water up! Cough ‘t all out!」

With tears streaming down his face, Otto violently coughed so that he could force out the water that had filled up his lungs. Seeing how dangerous his condition was, Garfiel helped him cough the water out; but, as expected, having his body shaken up and down, dangling upside down by his feet racked Otto’s mind and body in pain.

Though thanks to that, he managed to cough out all the water that had gotten into his lungs.

Garfiel:「Shit! What th’ fuck happen’d…!?」

Otto:「……The city’s watergates have been opened, I think. As a result, the streets have been swallowed up by water. Even though we desperately fought to hold the Witch Cult back, everything has come to naught.」

Otto muttered this to Garfiel, whose fangs were trembling, as they gazed at their surroundings at the spectacle of the submerged city. After hearing that, he took a look at his friend’s green eyes, his friend whom he regarded as a younger brother, and noticed that they were warped by grief. Otto cast his gaze down.

The current state of the city that had plunged into an all-despairing situation could be seen everywhere, even if one were to take just a glimpse. Luckily, Otto had been picked up by Garfiel and hoisted over his shoulder, with them fleeing to a height where the water barely reached. However, how many people in the city would have managed to do the same?

Garfiel:「Everythin’s at the bottom of the water…」

Rooted to the spot and wide-eyed, Garfiel was stricken by the enormity of the flood that had assailed the city. Although he hadn’t heard the story in detail, Otto got the feeling that Garfiel had experienced quite an impactful encounter in Pristella. The existence of such a desirable opponent would have been something quite important for him.

――This flood had even ruthlessly washed away the people Garfiel held emotional bonds with.

Otto:「……No, not just that.」

Though he was worried for Garfiel’s state of mind as well, what Otto must have been concerned about was the others who had gotten caught up in this.

Starting with Anastasia―― Echidna, who had brought back the unexpected report, and everyone else, including the Royal Selection candidates that had gathered to hear her report would have fallen victim to the disaster.

They had been gathered to warn them about what had happened, but it seemed like it had ended up backfiring.

Otto:「I’m going to say something harsh. Garfiel, please stand up. We have to deal with this situation just like we did the Witch Cult last time.」

Garfiel:「B-But… Ottobro… Y’see…」

Otto:「WHAT WOULD BECOME OF US NOW IF WE SIT HERE LIKE SIMPLETONS DOING NOTHING!? NEITHER NATSUKI-SAN OR EMILIA-SAMA ARE HERE! PLEASE STAND UP, GARFIEL! IT’S JUST US LEFT!」

Garfiel:「――――」

Grabbing him by the collar, Otto shouted at his friend whom he regarded as a younger brother whose face had a look of feebleness etched on it. He knew it had been overly harsh of him to explode like that, but with him being so slow to grasp how things were in this moment, he had chewed him out.

In having had his withered heart be the object of his scolding, a fire was kindled within Garfiel that made him stand up.

If he could achieve that, then he did not care about being deemed as insensitive. ――Even if he were hated by Garfiel later, it would be far better than if he weren’t able to fulfill his duty.

Otto:「We need to search for survivors, and then meet back up with the Royal Selection candidates, the Knights or anyone else who might be left. If the attack on the city is from a hostile individual, then we need to reassemble our forces and fight against them…」

Garfiel:「――Tch! OTTOBRO!」

Otto:「――!?」

By instructing Garfiel about his compassionless decision, Otto drove that in as a persuasion for Garfiel. Pushing out his chest, Garfiel roared.

And immediately afterwards, a flash of light pierced through straight in front of Otto, who had fallen onto his backside on the rooftop, at tremendous speed, faster than the eye could see.

Otto:「GHAAAAAAAAAAA!」

For a moment, Otto’s entire body was engulfed by burning pain from the light which had slightly grazed his chest. There wasn’t any bleeding. But, there was a scorch mark on his shirt, and his skin underneath it had been charred.

The true form of the white light of now was pure, intense heat. And, that white light was――

Garfiel:「RRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAA――!!」

Giving a howl of rage, Garfiel forcibly parried away each one of those white light rays, those white rays of death, that hurtled towards them at lightning fast speed.

Wielding the silver shields fitted on his arms, Garfiel challenged that overwhelming force of incredible speed head on. A hyper-dimensional battle which Otto could not keep up with had commenced.

Nevertheless, he did have a decent idea about what was happening.

Otto:「Where did it come from…」

Whilst he endured his pain, Otto looked around his surroundings and concentrated on finding where the flashes of white had been fired from. It was likely that the culprit who had fired those attacks at Otto and Garfiel was also the culprit who had opened the floodgates.

Of course, the enemy that came to his mind was them being a Witch Cultist――

Otto:「―― H k , from all the way over there!?」

Far, far away, at the edge of his sight, one of the floodgate’s control towers came into view―― A flash of light could be seen from where Otto and Garfiel were, coming from the top of the tower which stood almost on the opposite side of the city.

Immediately after he thought he’d seen that flicker, the light instantly came surging to where they were. Somehow, Garfiel was still fending them off right now, but――

Garfiel:「THINGS ARE GONNA KEEP GETTIN’ WORSE! OTTOBRO, FIND A PLACE TO HIDE! MY AMAZIN’ SELF’S GONNA BEAT THE SHIT OUTTA THIS BASTARD!」

Otto:「GARFIEL! WILL YOU BE OKAY IF YOU GET CLOSER!?」

Though Garfiel roared that out, by no means was what he was saying a good idea in this situation.

The speed at which the approaching rays of white light moved at was completely out of the ordinary; the distance which separated them from their opponent was such that Garfiel was only barely able to mount a defense against them.

If he got closer, the time he would have to deal with the rays of light would decrease respectively. Even the difference of an augenblick would be fatal in a hyper-dimensional battle.

Garfiel:「EITHER WAY, THERE’S NO OTHER WAY! IT’S JUS’ US TWO! ISN’ THAT RIGHT!?」

Otto:「――. You’re right. GARFIEL!」

Garfiel:「HYYYAAAAH!!」

Repeating what Otto had said before, Garfiel took a mighty step forward and leapt up. Making use of a building which could barely be classed as a foothold in the city still submerged by the flood, Garfiel zealously drove forward, and determinedly made his way towards the city’s control tower where the white flashes of light had been coming from.

Garfiel:「GRRRRRrrrrrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa――!!」

One shot after another, Garfiel braced himself and somehow managed to keep ahold of his footing whilst the shock of each impact racked his body as if paralysing him to the bone.

The opponent was formidable.

In addition to their attacks’ pinpoint accuracy from so far away, the sheer amount of mana that they put into these potent attacks without missing a beat, was far from normal.

If he considered his position where he had kept his distance from the start, it was a terribly favorable situation for his opponent.

Otto:「Even so…」

His grasp of how skilled his opponent wasn’t sufficient enough that he could give this up. And beyond that, what his opponent had done was seriously, completely, completely unforgivable.

It was likely that an unimaginable amount of people had become victims with the Watergate City Pristella sinking to the depths. One after another other, tragedy had engulfed the city which still hadn’t completely recovered from the after-effects of the Witch Cult’s last attack. ――Caught up in the midst of that as well, was the family which Garfiel was tied together with by blood.

Garfiel:「―― Tch !」

So to not let his mind dwell on that, Garfiel gritted his teeth, and frantically shook his head.

But, in the end, try as he might, nothing about what was on his mind would change. Sorrow and anger wasn’t what mingled together in the depths of Garfiel’s chest; rather, his heart was engulfed by a dark fury, as he continued to grow more enraged.

If he put that dark fury into his fangs and claws and struck down the enemy with it, then ――

???:「――Garfiel.」

Suddenly, a voice reached through to his skull amidst his tempestuous fury. The voice had just called out his name. If it had been just that, Garfiel wouldn’t even have taken any notice of it.

However――

Garfiel:「――Captain?」

It was a completely different story if that voice belonged to the person he had long awaited to return. Letting his green eyes spin around, Garfiel looked around in the middle of the hyperspeed battle for the figure which had spoken.

――From the start, Garfiel hadn’t believed a word of the report which Echidna had brought back.

To begin with, Echidna was a name which Garfiel couldn’t put any trust in. Of course, he had warned Subaru about the dangers of the being that called herself that name, and on top of that, she had forced him to head to the Pleiades Watchtower.

Even so, on seeing Echidna return taking the form of Anastasia, Garfiel had regretted his thoughts as having been shallow, naive and immature.

He had considered following her so to find Subaru, Emilia and the others as soon as possible.

It was just after he had proposed setting up that discussion to Otto that the flood had come rushing into the city. It seemed like Otto was thinking as he usually did, but Garfiel sunk his strength into his fangs and adamantly refused to admit that his thoughts had been wrong.

For Garfiel, it didn’t seem like Subaru was the sort who’d screw up.

That’s why Garfiel found hope in having heard Natsuki Subaru’s voice here. He would turn the tables around in this situation where absolutely everything had come to a dead-end.

He looked around for his figure so that he could cling onto such a convenient illusion――

Subaru:「Your heart can’t grasp the most important thing about yourself. ――Still, your family’s eyes are sharp.」

The moment that he came into view, Garfiel furrowed his brows in bewilderment. Not because the mutter had reached his ears. His mutter had been inaudible. What had caused the change in Garfiel’s facial expression was purely his surprise at what was in front of his eyes.

Garfiel:「――――」

Beneath his eyes, there was a figure looking up at Garfiel, who was leaping towards the white light. His appearance certainly seemed to be the same as the one he knew, but.

Garfiel:「――Who th’ fuck are you.」

When he shifted his attention to his nose, a familiar smell slipped into his nostrils. However, it was his instinct, not his five senses, that tried to deny the familiar figure below him.

A lapse that lasted not even a fraction of a second was born in his thoughts.

Nevertheless, it was a fatal lapse.

Moving towards there was――

???:「――Gotcha! Tah-dah!」

Garfiel:「Ngh!」

From in front of him, a black haired woman came plunging forward, and threw out a kick with a semi-enthusiastic cry. Catching her kick immediately with both of his shields, Garfiel absorbed the attack which felt like he had been rammed by a dragon carriage.

Even so, she was not an opponent with whom he could deal with in this situation. He couldn’t afford to direct his attention in two different directions, both in front of him and beneath him.

Black-Haired Woman:「Not so bad, but myyyy love for Master is a 100 times better than that.」

With a smile of satisfaction adorning her face, her palm rose towards the front of Garfiel’s face. In an instant, with all of his hair standing on end, Garfiel tensed his body and quickly moved his face backwards――

「* Squelch* 」

The blow pierced straight through Garfiel’s abdomen and his organs spilled out from his back.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Otto’s thoughts spun rapidly as he looked at the petals of blood blooming in mid-air.

Otto:「―― H k! 」

Clenching his teeth, Otto cursed the cold-hearted part within himself. It was quite the odious thing to him that under these circumstances he was trying to calmly get a grasp of the situation. His friend whom he regarded as a younger brother had been blown away right in front of his eyes. And even then, he still couldn’t get emotional at all.

Even in this overwhelmingly unfavorable situation, Otto’s attention was focused on his surroundings in an attempt to find a means of escape.

If he used his『Divine Protection of the Soul of Language』then a faint glimmer of hope would emerge, no matter what the situation was. By putting faith in that mantra, he’d overcome every single hardship he’d come across up until now.

That’s why――

???:「It’s regrettable, but even rats end up drowning when they’re soaked in this much water. Seems that the guy you were talking with is nowhere to be seen.」

Otto:「――――」

A voice, accompanied by the sound of footsteps, quietly struck Otto’s eardrums.

The sound of footsteps slowly approached within the world which seemed to have fallen dreadfully still. Swiveling his head around to look at where the footsteps were coming from, Otto held his breath for a moment.

And then, he let out a short gasp.

Otto:「…You truly are beyond recognition, Natsuki-san.」

Subaru:「Is that so? If you’re talking about me, then I don’t really understand myself well, but…」

Otto:「 I think you’ll clearly see what I mean if you look at a mirror. Ahh, that’s right. Didn’t Echidna-san’s story say you lost your memories. Is it because of that that you don’t understand yourself?」

Subaru:「 Hahah , maybe so. More clearly, if I could be different in every single aspect, then well, I’d definitely give this up, but…..」

Whilst scratching his cheek, the opponent laughed at Otto’s jabs. What should he call his opponent; what name should he call out? Composure and impulsiveness cried out in unison within Otto’s head. Hesitating on the right choice of what to call that , hesitating on there being no other way to call out to that , he shouted.

Otto:「You’re…」

Subaru:「Even if you don’t say it, I know. My name is… Natsuki Subaru. I’m broke beyond compare.」

Otto:「――――」

Subaru:「I’ve heard a lot about you as well. You have quite the reputation. Finally we’ve met, Otto.」

Saying that, that individual―― who took the appearance of Natsuki Subaru, but looked completely different to the one Otto knew, laughed.

His lightless left eye had clouded over, and his hair had gone completely white for god knows what reason. As he smiled from ear to ear like he was somewhat off his rocker, Natsuki Subaru kept laughing.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Otto:「――――」

Whilst gazing at the vigilant Otto before him, Subaru let out a long sigh.

Telling him he had changed a lot would be precisely describing what was detestable about him. Of course, even were someone to say he hadn’t changed, in his current mental state, Subaru would just receive that as irony; however, were someone to directly say「You’re a different person.」then that would be quite hard for him to accept.

Up until now, this blunt manner of speaking hadn’t even been heard from the people who had come across him that had then been added to the patchwork, or even from the people that had been inside the tower.

Subaru:「Honestly, I’m having quite a hard time handling this.」

Otto:「……What do you mean?」

Subaru:「Didn’t you hear about what I’m doing from Echidna? My memories have vanished into thin air, I’ve been running amok with my head all loopy… That’s the gist of it anyways.」

Otto:「Of course I did. I even heard that you’re obsessed with trying to get your memories back.」

Subaru:「I don’t remember saying as much, but… well, it’s a reasonable guess. After all, every single one of you are quite competent. The only incompetent, no-good human being is me.」

Gently running his hand down his left eye, Subaru muttered this as if he were mocking himself. As he looked on at that gesture, Otto gulped.

Otto:「May I even ask what happened to that eye?」

Subaru:「Eye… Aah, my left eye? It does look a little bit hazy, but it’s no big deal. Though, it does seem like I hit my head a little bit too much when these shocking things started. For how my hair got this way, well, I didn’t do anything in particular… it just ended up like this on its own. How laughable.」

Otto:「Hahahaha, how laughable indeed. Are you satisfied?」

Subaru:「Far from it. There’s still a long way to go until I am satisfied. I’m so far away from it to the point that it’s depressing.」

Seeing Otto giving him a dry smile, Subaru also responded by showing him a dry smile.

Originally, it seemed like Otto and Subaru had been good friends, and, indeed he could see that. He got this feeling not only from the eyes of Emilia and Beatrice, or from everyone else in the camp, but it felt like something genuine.

Emilia:『Subaru and Otto-kun always got along so well, they were suuuuuuper heartwarming.』

Beatrice:『Well, in essence, Subaru always used to tease Otto, in fact. I get the feeling that nothing much has changed, I suppose.』

On Otto’s left and right, Emilia and Beatrice each voiced their explanations. As he nodded his head at those explanations, Subaru licked his lips and said「Well then,」

Subaru:「I’ve been looking forward to having my『First Reunion』with you for a very long time. Though, I know that you’re one of those bastards that become more dangerous the more time I give you. Sorry, but let’s bring this to an end now.」

Otto:「『First Reunion』is quite the peculiar way of putting it, but putting that aside, if I think about your goal… wasn’t it a failure?」

Subaru:「Huh?」

Leaning forwards, Subaru frowned. And after that, Otto continued his words with a「How should I put it,」

Otto:「Practically, it was quite the effective move. You found the right moment where everyone gathered in one building and killed them all in one go with a completely unescapable attack… I take my hat off at that. If your opponents get caught up in a natural disaster, they can’t strike back at you, regardless of whether they’re master swordsmen or a mercenary band.」

Subaru:「――――」

Otto:「At this rate, wasn’t it part of your strategy to have let only Echidna-san escape from the Watchtower? You let her escape, so that she’d gather people who knew you through the report she gave. Following that hypothesis, the likelihood of Pristella being at the center of where everyone would gather was high. There are watergates here.」

Subaru:「…I’m honored to be praised by you.」

Whilst showing an attitude that he accepted the praise, Subaru rolled his tongue back back into his mouth. Rather, it ought to be Otto who should be praised.

Otto, who had almost hit the nail on the head, had guessed the truth quite well, including that Subaru had allowed Echidna to escape.

Although,

Subaru:「Well, to tell the truth, at first it was by chance that Echidna escaped, but then I realized that she’d be useful after she’d escaped. It was because of that I didn’t chase after her.」

Otto:「I see. I’d have been surprised if you saw that far ahead. It wouldn’t be any leap of the imagination to say that those who lose their memories become quite shrewd. ――But.」

Cutting off his words there, Otto glared at Subaru. Recognizing the strength of the resolve within his eyes, Subaru put strength into the depths of his own.

And, putting himself on guard, Otto continued his words.

Otto:「In the end, you’ve completely screwed up your endgame.」

Subaru:「I’ve screwed it up? Me? What’s the meaning of that?」

Otto:「…It’s an expression I still don’t understand well, but there isn’t any meaning to it. You don’t get chances like these where you can strike with such an upper hand often. If you’d been earnest about it, then you should have carried out what you set out to do.」

Subaru:「What I set out to do…」

Otto:「You should have aimed straight for Reinhard-san without getting too greedy.」

Thrusting his finger out at him, Otto firmly declared that to Subaru. Subaru’s eyes flew wide open when he heard that declaration, and taking no note of his astonished face, Otto pressed Subaru for an answer.

Otto:「Weren’t you using the『Books of the Dead』where the memories of others can be read in? If you’re planning to use them to try and get yourself back, Reinhard-san will become your greatest threat. And if you’re aiming at him, then it’ll be impossible unless you catch him by surprise. From here on out, you’ll have to be on your guard. You’ll never get a second chance.」

Subaru:「So, the moment I clamped my fangs around my prey, I shouldn’t have let go. Is that what you’re saying?」

Otto:「Indeed, that’s exactly what I am saying. So you sh…」

Subaru:「 Kh! 」

Otto:「――?」

Otto raised his eyebrows at the rather abrupt, strange sound that could be heard coming from Subaru’s throat. His reaction showed surprise, bewilderment and confusion.

Subaru wasn’t play-acting or a trick; his reaction was because of Otto. Such a reaction even may have been quite natural in some respects.

Despite having read between the lines of a lot of what had happened, in the very end, he had mistook what his endgame was.

Subaru:「It’s you, Otto, it’s you who’s misunderstanding.」

Otto:「That’s…」

Subaru:「The one I was aiming for wasn’t Reinhard. Of course, a lot of hassle would have been saved if he ended up dying amongst the chaos of this flood, but I won’t make any pretenses in relying on such a happy accident.」

Reinhard’s out of the norm characteristics were generally speaking fully known by everyone. He was the『Sword Saint』that you always heard about in rumor; the act of killing him would be a herculean one―― In any case, it’d be necessary to keep building and building and building a plan to take care of him.

Dying to a casual, lucky hit wasn’t the sort of death that you could expected from a hero.

Subaru:「That’s why I need to try and look for a way to do that if I am kill that guy. I may weaken him, I may surprise attack him, I may set a trap for him, I may even take a hostage. Of course, if I need to kill him, I will do so… But, he’s low priority.」

Otto:「Then, was the flood simply to get rid of the people who knew you all at once? For certain, the number of people who know you in this city due to what happened the other day has…」

Otto had tried to continue by saying skyrocketed . But before he could say it, Subaru had held out his palm.

Even Subaru knew what he was trying to tell him. The violence of the Witch Cult that had took place in the Watergate City Pristella had been scrutinised from every angle. Certainly, in that sense, that had been one of the ideas behind having used this city as well. However, that was a trivial factor compared to the biggest reason why.

Subaru’s objective behind causing the flood using the Watergate City as his stage was just one thing.

His main objective was――

Subaru:「――It’s you, Otto.」

Otto:「…Ah?」

Subaru:「This was a way I devised to make sure I could kill you. Anyone else who dies… Well, I guess they’re just bonuses.」

Otto:「――――」

Otto tensed up as if he didn’t understand the meaning behind the objective that Subaru had pointed out.

And then, closing his right eye at the astonished Otto, Subaru spun his head around in a circle, looking around at the scene on the rooftop, reflecting the world around him in his hazy left eye.

Otto:「…Why… me?」

Subaru:「Why did I make such a big deal just for you? It was the embodiment of the utmost caution I have for you. Even having Garfiel beside you was added to the plan as a safety measure.」

Otto:「――――」

Subaru:「Just so you know, this ain’t something I thought by myself, since I don’t trust my thoughts at all. I’ve only just realized I’ve been racking useless wisdom out of my useless head.」

Indeed, Subaru’s cunning did not amount to much.

No satisfactory thoughts arose in Subaru’s mind, with him being naive to the understanding of the rules of the world, disconnected from the secrets of the world, and unfamiliar with the laws of the world.

That’s why――

Subaru:「I made sure to consult with them.」

Otto:「――――」

Those who surrounded the taciturn, stricken Otto were all of his colleagues that were only visible to Subaru’s left eye, and remained forevermore unreflected in Otto’s eyes.

Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Roswaal, Petra, Frederica; all of his colleagues that made up the Emilia camp surrounded Otto.

Looking at each of their faces one by one, Subaru shrugged his shoulders and said「Isn’t that right?」

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『Otto-kun.』

Emilia replied.

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『Otto, I suppose.』

Beatrice replied.

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『That would be Otto, wouldn’t it. How bothersome.』

Ram replied.

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『It would be Ottoooooooo-kun.』

Roswaal replied.

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『Otto-san.』

Petra replied.

Subaru:「Who is… the most troublesome guy from those who know me?」

『It’s Otto-sama.』

Frederica replied.

Subaru:「――It’s unanimous. Even if Garfiel joined in with them, he’d probably say the same thing.」

Otto:「Who on earth are you talking to…」

Subaru:「Even if you’re trying to buy time, I should mention that it’s pointless. The reason I flooded the city was to kill you. ――Even you won’t find a way to escape from this place, where there ain’t even a single damn rat left.」

This was the reason why Subaru had opened the floodgates and submerged the city in water.

Whether it be water dragon, rat or worm, none of them could get near Otto Suwen. By having been parted from terra firma, he was unable to use the witchcraft he specialised in.

Subaru had orchestrated everything to this point making full use of everyone’s knowledge.

This, and that, and everything was――

Subaru:「――I will not underestimate you. I will not underestimate anyone other than me. You’re all skilled guys. That’s why I will kill you without cutting any corners.」

Otto:「You are…」

???:「――Master!」

After receiving Subaru’s powerful declaration of war, a voice interrupted Otto who had tried to continue what he was saying. The one who landed adroitly onto the rooftop was Shaula, half of her body was soaked in bright red blood.

And as she brushed the area around her chest that had become completely stained in blood, she said,

Shaula:「Finally I’m done! Kyaa~ He was so so stubborn. I legit thought he was immortal with how much I knocked about the stuff inside of his stomach and sent him flying!」

Subaru:「You really did take your time… Did you make sure to finish him off properly?」

Shaula:「I even crushed his head, maybe. Except for Master, human beings die if their heads get crushed, right?」

Subaru:「I don’t get why you’re excluding me. Even I’ll die if I get my head crushed!」

Shaula:「You’re full of surprises~」

Frivolously laughing, Shaula pushed her shoulders up in disbelief. From Subaru’s perspective, the way she thought was quite incomprehensible, but it would be uncouth to meddle into Shaula’s sense of values.

Above all else, she fulfilled the duties that were assigned to her. That was good enough for now.

Subaru:「Thanks for the hard work, Shaula. And now…」

Shaula:「I just need to kill Mr. First-Choice-san, riiight? Butbut, was he really an opponent yahaddago to these lengths for? To me, it really seems that…」

Subaru:「If you’re going to speak of stuff just as a matter of raw strength or weakness, then even I’d be able to finish you off with one hand.」

Otto’s strength was contained in a part within him which was hard to gauge by Shaula’s estimation. That was the conclusion he had come to after having pieced the details together from the stories that he’d heard from Emilia and the others.

Hearing Subaru’s response, Shaula replied with a「Mhm~ Of courssse!」in agreement.

And on the other side, Otto, with hatred throbbing through the depths of his heart, was looking on at their exchange.

Otto:「No way, being assessed as the most valued in life and having it backfire like this… this feels the absolute worst.」

Subaru:「Valued in life? You’re misunderstanding it.」

There wasn’t a trace of sarcasm in what Subaru had replied to Otto’s words with; he had spoken from his heart.

This was the truth Subaru had seen from reading everyone from the Emilia Camp’s books. There was no mistaking it.

Subaru:「You were always the most valued from everyone in the camp, Otto!」

Otto:「――Eat shit, you phony.」

To Subaru, who had flashed his teeth and grinned, Otto also flashed his teeth and twisted his face into a terrible grin.

Though those words pierced into Subaru’s chest quite a bit――,

「――――」

――In the very next moment, a white flash of light pierced through Otto’s body, and their conversation was forcibly brought to a close.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???:「――This is as far as you’ll go.」

Natsuki Subaru slowly opened his closed eyelids right as those words came into earshot.

Below his eyes, at his feet, Otto’s corpse whose top half had been blown away had fallen there. Garfiel, who had died in battle, should be floating away somewhere in the water’s surface nearby.

What Subaru was doing under these circumstances, as terribly hypocritical as it was, was giving them a silent prayer. Subaru held no grudges against Otto or Garfiel.

There wasn’t any reason for Subaru to hold anything like a grudge against those that he had killed thus far. ――No, he believed that the original Subaru should indeed keep his grudge against Roswaal, who had been behind considerable crimes; but the current Subaru didn’t know the real intentions of Roswaal at that time.

Other than these subtle matters of unease, Subaru didn’t hold any resentment towards anyone else. The one he always bore hatred for, was himself. He bore hatred for himself, who was not『Natsuki Subaru.』

This『Phony』version of himself was of no use to anyone.

It was just the ridiculous Natsuki Subaru that tried to collect the bits and pieces of『Natsuki Subaru.』It was just the ridiculous Natsuki Subaru that tried to assemble the patchwork. It was just the ridiculous Natsuki Subaru that tried to form himself from patching himself together in one way or another.

That’s why――,

Subaru:「I’d like to apologize, even to you.」

???:「…Subaru.」

Turning his head to look back behind him, Subaru gazed ahead of him at Reinhard, who was standing at the edge of the rooftop.

Though he had seen his figure in the memories of a lot of people, there wasn’t a single trace of cloudiness in his orderly figure. As a matter of fact, he had even managed to not get any of his clothes wet; how on earth had he achieved that?

Subaru:「I see, you’re out of the norm.」

Reinhard:「Subaru, did you do all of this…? Otto, Garfiel, and…」

Subaru:「I ordered them killed – if that’s what you mean, then yes. And not just those two. A whole ton of people in the city became victims in the flood… And all by my doing.」

Reinhard:「Why… why did you do this!? You went to save the people in this city…」

Subaru:「To the watchtower, right? I know. I know all too well. As always, my experiences of it are rather lacking, but I do have some vague gist of it like as if I’d read a manga summary.」

Whilst soaking in Reinhard’s blame, Subaru spread out both of his arms towards the city.

The city was encroached in the turmoil of having been inundated by the water, but he knew that it had gone through a tough time even before this flood. The scars that had been left due to the violence of the Witch Cult and such were more warped rather than deep.

They had snatched away people’s memories, they had changed people into inhuman forms, they had used overwhelming strength to forcibly subdue those who wouldn’t follow their will, and they had forced their warped thoughts onto others to make them sympathise with them.

It was needless to say the things they did were of the worst nature in the sense that they trampled upon the quintessence of humanity.

But, at the same time, it gave him a certain sort of impression.

Subaru:「――Their plans are full of holes. I’m guessing they go in thinking they can’t lose, and that’s why they go rushing in with such dumbass plans.」

The Sin Archbishops who possessed supernatural-like strength were all sitting still on their abilities. Hadn’t anyone taught those guys? No matter what sort of strength you hold, if you use it the wrong way, then you will be defeated no matter who you are.

Whether it be wisdom, numbers or great talent, you will always be defeated.

Subaru:「I’m not going to challenge you being only partly prepared. Finding a way of making sure I win will only work with the right timing. That’s why I will consult them.」

Reinhard:「Consult… Is the one deceiving you the girl beside you?」

Shaula:「Huh, meeeee?」

Suddenly piping up, Shaula, who was beside Subaru, widened her eyes in surprise. She stared at Reinhard as she pointed at herself.

Shaula:「Me deceiving Master… If I could pull such a temptress’ move, I’d have done it looong ago! Master’s soo sexy like this since he doesn’t get caught up in my temptations… at all! Though, you’re too sexy for your own good!」

Subaru:「Though her position is that of a collaborator, she ain’t got the head to be able to deceive. It’s not really that I’m being deceived by anyone… No, if I’m forced to say it, I guess it would be a voice from within me.」

Reinhard:「A voice… from within you…?」

Subaru:「The sleeping lion inside of me is seeking the time of its release and is rampaging.」

After intently listening to Subaru’s response, Reinhard quickly realized that what he was saying was nonsense. Whilst gazing at Reinhard’s eyes which were clearly dyed in despair, Shaula nudged her elbow at Subaru’s side, speaking out a「Mastermaster,」

Shaula:「Hey, um, that one’s presence is remarkably Reidish. Isn’t that scary?」

Subaru:「Indeed it is. Remarkably scary indeed. It’s because that guy’s Reid’s descendant.」

Shaula:「De-descendant.」

Subaru:「His children’s children, and their children’s children and so on. That’s the nuance of it.」

Shaula:「Uurgh! He can’t seriously be related to Reid, right!? I wasn’t told about this!」

Shaula complained about her disadvantage to Subaru, her facing looking like she’d been ensnared in a Kaizo Trap. In actuality, the memories of being pummeled by Reid were quite clear for Subaru and the others. (TL Note: To learn more about the provenance of the term Kaizo Trap, refer to this link.)

It was natural that he wouldn’t be able to beat Reinhard, Reid’s blood relative, in a fair and open battle as well.

Reinhard:「――I’m sorry, but let’s put an end to your acts of barbarity here. Me being able to do that, is proof of my friendship towards you.」

Subaru:「You say such sad things in spite of us having a relationship where we gatecrashed a wedding ceremony together! Well, though it’s me who made you say it, you know, apparently Emilia-tan was delighted…」

Reinhard:「Subaru, stop already. ――Just, stop.」

Subaru:「――――」

Subaru kept his mouth shut at the mournful echo of Reinhard’s entreaty. Reinhard’s expression was warped into something quite pitiful. From it, Subaru received a sharp pang as if his chest had been torn open.

It was the same as Otto and Garfiel, where he had no grudge against them.

Subaru didn’t hold any grudges even against Reinhard. He knew that he was someone who bore no fault. He knew that he was a benefactor that was undeserving of being blamed. He also knew that he had been a good friend.

But despite that――

Subaru:「――I also need the piece inside of you to get back『Natsuki Subaru』. That’s why I will come to kill you one day.」

Reinhard:「――――」

Subaru:「But, not now. Not today. It’s a matter for tomorrow’s tomorrow.」

A trace of bewilderment clouded Reinhard’s eyes just after he heard Subaru’s proclamation.

Reinhard was trying to settle things here right now. In fact, if Reinhard wanted to do so, Subaru was in a position where he could close the distance with a single step and cut him down in an instant. Even if Shaula made a motion to defend him, it wouldn’t really change the outcome.

But despite that, Subaru could still say――

???:『Assuming Felt managed to take shelter in all of this, I think she’d be somewhere at the edge of the city.』

――And turning towards the direction pointed out by the bald-headed giant, Shaula fired a flash of white light towards there.

「――――」

In an instant, Reinhard held his breath and flew backwards, following after the soaring blow of light at the exact same speed as it. He hadn’t done that to kill Subaru, who stood in front of him, but rather to rush towards the faraway building where Reinhard’s master―― Felt had hidden after having survived the flood, so he could knock down that flash of white light.

???:『If you keep something important nearby, then of course, that’s the same as exposing your weak points. The same thing applies to the『Sword Saint』Reinhard, doooooesn’t it?』

Roswaal, who had given this suggestion let a wicked grin form on his face, and basked in his satisfaction in having outwitted the『Sword Saint.』Giving him a look from the side, Subaru took a short breath, and said.

Subaru:「Shaula, let’s pull back. ――That’s enough for today.」

Shaula:「Ooookay!」

Cheerfully lifting her hand, Shaula wrapped her arm around Subaru’s back. She hoisted Subaru up with unbelievable strength from her slender arms, and with a light bend of her knees, she tried to leap out of the city.

But, just before the first jump had began, Subaru turned towards Reinhard, and said.

Subaru:「――You are not as omnipotent or superhuman as you think you are.」

That’s why――

Subaru:「――I will absolutely kill you too, Reinhard.」

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???:「――I want you to tell me once again.What is your name?」

???:「Ah, Amue. Amue Sears…」

???:「I see, that’s a fine name, Amue. …What happened now must’ve been tough.」

Amue:「Hghhgh…」

The red-haired knight, who had seemingly gotten onto one knee to be on the same level as with Amue, spoke those words to her. As soon as she heard those words, the little girl’s tensed emotions snapped loose.

Tears slowly trickled down Amue’s face, and her body began to tremble from the belayed terror that had returned to her.

Then, as he looked on at the sobbing little girl, the knight―― Reinhard turned his eyes to look at his surroundings and bit his lip; deep worry was brimming in his chest at the terrible spectacle he saw.

Reinhard:「――――」

Two days ago, an incident had occurred at a small village in the northern parts of the Kingdom of Lugunica.

It took awhile for the incident to be known because the village was located in the remote borderlands, and due to that, it lay quite far from both the Royal Capital and the five major cities. Dispatching the knights, including Reinhard, had ended up being delayed by several days.

In that meantime, Amue, who had become the sole survivor in the village, had just been sitting there, holding her knees in loneliness. ――She’d been there, surrounded by all of the corpses of her family and the people she knew well.

Reinhard:「Subaru…」

Reinhard pensively muttered his name out as he touched the pommel of his『Dragon Sword』which he had holstered by his waist

Given the issues in this kind of incident, there was a good chance that this act of barbarity had been carried out by a Witch Cultist. However, Reinhard’s intuition naturally saw through to whose hand had carried out this horrendous scene.

Reinhard:「The ones who did this… If I’m not mistaking it, it was a man and a woman, right? Two young people.」

Amue:「Y-Yeah… Th-that’s right. Ah, but…」

Reinhard:「But?」

As she heaved with sobs, Amue choked up her words as she replied to Reinhard’s question. Amue hesitated as Reinhard awaited her to continue her words; his well-shaped eyebrows were furrowed into a frown.

Amue:「I don’t know who the woman was, but, the man was…」

Reinhard:「The man was?」

Amue:「I hadn’t realized it, but it was like he was talking to someone…」

Reinhard:「――――」

Was there a trace of hesitation when she conveyed that vague information? Amue’s explanation lacked conviction in it. But, Reinhard closed his eyes and breathed out a long sigh at her words.

Amue’s perception was correct. That man and woman―― No, Natsuki Subaru was definitely speaking with someone other than the woman who accompanied him, which was as Amue had seen.

Reinhard didn’t know whether that someone was someone he knew, but――

Reinhard:「You have my gratitude for providing me this information. The Knight Order should deal with this right away. Do you have any relatives other than your family…?」

Amue:「―― Ah! 」

Amu’s fingers gently grasped at Reinhard’s trouser cuff as he spoke to her with kindness. As if frightened of him leaving her, Amue’s face had turned to disbelief at her own action.

However, given her mental state, that too was natural.

She had lost her family and her hometown too. How much suffering awaited her from here on out?

If he could be useful in distracting her from her anxiety in the midst of this, then.

Reinhard:「All right. I will stay with you until your safety is ensured. So, I want you to rest assured – Because no one that wishes you harm will get close to you anymore.」

Amue:「 *S-sob* …S-sorry, I’m really sorry…」

Reinhard:「You needn’t apologize. ――Since, you didn’t do anything wrong.」

Taking her hand, Reinhard silently thought back to the guy who had caused this horrendous spectacle as he watched Amue once again starting to burst into heavy tears.

Reinhard:「Are you… Are you satisfied with this? Does it fulfill you? What on earth do you see reflected in your eyes? I just don’t understand. ――Subaru.」

Reinhard muttered out the name of the person who wasn’t here and closed his eyes.

The figure which was reflected behind Reinhard’s eyelids was a friend who would eventually come to kill him. That friend would likely go to any means for that.

He was a friend that eventually Reinhard would have to kill by his hand.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???:『I guess by now that child, Amue, must have been found by Reinhard-san, right?』

Subaru:「She was the only left alive in the village that burnt down, right? If a child of that age sees Reinhard, she’ll become relieved and she likely won’t be able to be separated from him. ――With this, he won’t have time to pursue us.」

???:『How cunning, or rather, how crafty, or… Though, well, I’m not one to talk.』

???:『Tha’s righ’. Ottobro ‘n Captain really do damn get on th’ same wavelength at times like these.』

???:「 Ewwww! 」

???:『Y’ damn well fit to a T!』

Pushing his way through a thicket using the branch he held in his hand, Subaru, who was following an off-road path, scrunched up his face into a frown. Otto, who was treading through the forest beside him in the same way had a similar expression on his face. And Garfiel, who was looking on at the two of them, clapped his hands together and clacked his fangs, laughing at the situation.

???:『Hehe- But, it’s great that we’re all together at last, don’t you think? It’s all thanks to Subaru being reaaaally busy and doing his very best.』

Subaru:「When you say it like that, even I get the feeling that my efforts were worthwhile and it lets me have peace of mind. If you, Emilia-tan, feel like I’ve done things properly, then I want you to reward me in so many different ways, but…」

Emilia:『You want that, but?』

Subaru:「…Well, with me being an innocent boy, it means I can’t let male instinct do the talking for me.」

Subaru looked at Emilia who had innocuously tilted her head forward. As he scratched his cheeks, Subaru turned his face away from her. A gaze stopped him in his tracks ahead of him; that gaze was Ram’s who had turned a look of disdain towards him.

Ram:『Disgusting.』

Subaru:「Cut down in one blow! Generally speaking, I never said that! I want you to praise my feelings since I managed to not say any of my embarrassing desires!」

Ram:『Ram? Praise Barusu? I’d rather heaven and hell be flipped over than do that.』

Subaru:「I’m lower than a cataclysm!?」

Shrugging her shoulders, Ram turned her back from him and began to walk away with grace. Subaru’s shoulders stooped down in dejection seeing Ram’s attitude. And then a two small hands gently took ahold of his own from his left and right.

???:『Jeez, I can see how glum you look from all the way over here, in fact. If of all people Betty’s partner is going to get like this, then I can tell the going ahead is going to get rough, I suppose.』

???:『That’s right. Ram nee-sama’s always been blunt, it’s not like it’s something she just started doing now. That’s the reason why I’m gonna go easy on Subaru-sama. Good boy, good boy.』

Subaru:「Heyhey, no way, am I in the middle of a little girl sandwich……though now that I think on it, Petra isn’t that little anymore. Dammit, time sure is cruel… as it keeps passing by I’ll only be left with Beako as a little girl…」

Beatrice:『Little girl… What do you mean little girl, in fact!? That’s impolite for a lady, I suppose!!』

Having graduated from being lolimanced, Petra puffed out her chest in delight, and Beatrice teetered between taking it as a compliment and otherwise. Nonetheless, Beatrice seemed to be a little girl by nature, thus it couldn’t be helped.

Subaru:「It seems like the mothers and fathers of the world want their children to stop growing at their cutest age; you’re like something out of a dream in that sense, Beako!」

Beatrice:『Hmph… By saying that are you hinting that Betty is the cutest in this world, in fact?』

Subaru:「I’d like to gather candidates for the seat of cutest in this world and make them compete with each other; though, the prettiest in this world is you. I’ll try give you a medal.」

Petra:『What about me? Heyhey, Subaru-sama, what about me?』

Subaru:「Hmmm, Petra is the cutiest in this world.」

Petra:『Yaaaay!』

Letting out a cry of mirth, Petra took hold of one of Beatrice’s hands and jumped about happily. Whilst being overwhelmed by that vigor, Beatrice also seemed like she wasn’t at all in a bad mood.

Towards there――

???:『Well, well, weeeeeell, it seems like you’re really in high spirits, doooooesn’t it? Putting aside your physical appearance, you should be acting your actual age amongst them, but despite that, this is still raaaaaather adorable, isn’t it?』

Beatrice:『Ugh, I suppose…』

Roswaal took a step forward with his long legs, an air of composure rested on his face. Beatrice made an unpleasant face at Roswaal who had made his appearance. Incidentally, Petra, who was holding Beatrice’s hand also put on a look of displeasure due to the position of mischief that coated him in her Master’s camp. Well, if you think about what he has been guilty of, it was natural though regrettable.

???:『Beatrice-sama, Petra, don’t make such unpleasant faces.』

Roswaal:『Indeeeeeeeed, that’s Frederica for you. Telling the both of you exactly h…』

Frederica:『Don’t you two know that the more you make those faces, the more you’re just going to cause Master to be pleased, right? Since Master’s that kind of gentleman.』

Roswaal:『I take baaaaaack what I said.』

Roswaal lost his composure too on receiving Frederica’s sharp blow.

On the other side, both Petra and Beatrice obediently accepted Frederica’s words with an「Oookay…」and an「All right, in fact.」

Subaru:「…Well, I also feel like y’all are too fussy, but I guess this fuss is a page of everyday life, right?」

???:『It doesn’t matter if it’s a page of everyday life, but please, aren’t you forgetting about me and Miss Meili?』

Subaru:「Mhm…」

A little apart from the Emilia camp who were chiding each other as they walked, Julius who was walking behind them, spoke that out. Closing one of his eyes, he reflected Subaru in his yellow eye and said,

Julius:『Though, do you take pride in that my advice was helpful for you when facing Reinhard?』

Subaru:「I ain’t saying it wasn’t helpful, but your evaluation of Reinhard makes him look a bit like a Dream Guy, so its credibility can be shaky. You mustn’t go getting yourself too caught up in your hero syndrome.」

Julius:『That’s not an answer which’ll help you borrow my strength. Maybe I should change my attitude a bit from now?』

???:『Heeeeyhey, sayin’ it like that’s no good, Julius. Should I draw up a propa’ loan for Natsuki-kun instead? It should work well enough even without a contract.』

With a tit-for-tat reply said in a gentle tone, Anastasia broke her way into Subaru and Julius’s exchange, which was prone to break into a full blown argument if it went on like that.

Anastasia, having completely regained her merchant-like attitude, stared at Subaru with her turquoise eyes and after causing him to blanch a little, she said:

Anastasia:『Natsuki-kun, arentcha forgetting? If we cooperate wit’ each other well, then Natsuki-kun, when you get back to normal, you’ll…』

Subaru:「――Aah, I remember. If I get『Natsuki Subaru』back and go back to the time where I can restore everything properly, then.」

Cutting his words there, Subaru took a deep breath and continued.

Subaru:「Then finally, I can take the time to atone to everyone whom I’ve killed.」

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

Bringing himself closer to completion, and if the patching was completed this time around.

If his patching could be patched together as he was originally, then surely.

――Then surely, there was no doubt that he could do everything over again.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――『Natsuki Subaru』had the power to redo fate.

That was Natsuki Subaru’s conclusion.

He could get back the lives of Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, Julius, Meili, Petra, Frederica, Roswaal, Rom-jii, Garfiel, Otto, Anastasia, Ricardo, Hetaro, Tivey, Mimi, Kiritaka and Liliana.

It should be possible, if he were『Natsuki Subaru』.

Because,『Natsuki Subaru』was――

『My esteemed knight.』『Betty’s partner, I suppose.』『A man with only good timing.』『A good friend, I’d think.』『We~ll, maybe it’s alright if I appreciate him a li~ttle.』『It felt like I could always give my best thanks to Subaru!』『I am grateful for the many times Subaru-sama has saved us.』『Subaru-kun, I’ve been waiting eagerly for you for many many years…』『Never for a second did I think that such a rookie could do all this.』『Captain! Y’can talk to me whenever if there’s ‘ny problem! I’ll do anythin’ ‘f it’s somethin’ I can use my strength for!』『Well, I find it scary that the consequences of repaying my debt come back to bite me, so I would like you to take things in moderation though.』『Mhhhm, busyin’ yourself is quite good y’know. Me, Mimi and the others should try’n loosen up a lil’ bit more.』『Oh, ain’t that a good change Ana-bo’s proposin’! Aye Aye, we ‘been workin’ too much! A buncha days off would hit the spot!』『If Miss takes some time off, I’ll start dishing out the work….』『When we get Natsuki-san to help out, Miss will make sure to try get the best out of him.』『Ooo, you’re right! I getcha I getcha! Mimi too, Mimi too! Mimi will do her very best with Garf!』『So I can pay my debt of gratitude to you for saving the city… is something I cannot say so easily if we consider what happened to it afterwards, but…』『You’re kiiidding right? Could it be that Kiritaka-san you’re holding this grudge a bit tooo much? Becausebecause, if Natsuki Subaru-sama goes completely back to normal, then everything will go back to how it was, wouldn’t it!』

With the strength of that of raging billows, the companions that surrounded Subaru listed their expectations in『Natsuki Subaru.』

Subaru nodded as he listened to it, feeling like he was intruding on other people’s affairs.

Subaru:「Aah, that’s right. That’s right indeed. Even though it’s quite impossible for me, even though it was impossible, I will.」

???:『If it’s you, Subaru, you can do it, right?』

Subaru:「Surely I will… No, I absolutely will, don’t you think?」

Subaru declared that with his fist clenched tight, and cheers ran out from his companions. As he basked in the din before him, suddenly, Emilia approached him. Subaru raised his eyebrows at her.

She gently beckoned Subaru, and then, she pointed her finger towards somewhere a little apart from the circle of their companions. The one who stood where her white finger had pointed to was――

Emilia:『――Shaula… she looks lonely. That’s dreadful, Subaru. She looks so pitiful, doesn’t she?』

Subaru:「She’s…」

Emilia:『Don’t give excuses. All of us absolutely want to try and do our best in any way we can with Subaru, but, the one who is doing their best would first of all be Subaru, and then wouldn’t it be Shaula? So……』

Subaru:「――――」

Emilia:『So, you have to take good care of her. ――Promise.』

What Emilia spoke to Subaru, a promise , was something which held really really great significance between the two of them. ――No, as a matter of fact, as Subaru wasn’t『Natsuki Subaru』he didn’t understand how『Natsuki Subaru』regarded the weight of it.

But, even if he didn’t understand『Natsuki Subaru』, he understood the trust Emilia had when she tried to make promises with『Natsuki Subaru』all too painfully.

Subaru:「…All right. I promise.」

Emilia:『Mhm, perfect. ――Well then, I’ll see you later, Subaru.』

Saying that, Emilia waved goodbye to him as she smiled.

And immediately after Subaru recognized that, the many figures of his companions that appeared from his ever cloudening left eye’s field of view completely vanished. After that, everything went still, no one was there. A stillness that felt like it cut off everything but Subaru was left behind.

The one whom he had made the promise with wasn’t there anymore, let alone the vestiges of the promise he had shared.

Subaru:「――Shaula, come here.」

Tossing aside those desiccated thoughts, Subaru called out to Shaula, who was walking in the distance. Hearing that call, Shaula’s face suddenly lit up and she leaped up and came rushing over to where Subaru was.

Shaula:「Wassssup, Master! Hm, has your fun-time where you’re off grumbling to yourself as if you’re having fun finished!?」

Subaru:「Don’t you go saying it so damn straight! You don’t have to say it like you’re talking to a loony, there’s no damn need to be so hurtful!」

Shaula:「My baaad!」

Slapping the top of her forehead with her palm, Shaula took back what she said all the while sticking out her tongue. Was she apologizing? It didn’t feel like an apology, but, well, it was close enough.

In any case, Shaula, who had kept accompanying Subaru all the way here from the tower of sand―― Certainly, the main contributor towards Subaru’s aims was this woman, and not just because of what Emilia had said.

He borrowed ideas, knowledge and wisdom from his many companions in drafting a course of action and plans. But, what was needed for that each time was the power to carry those things out; to put it more simply, he needed fighting strength.

Shaula’s presence was indispensable in order to make those possible. Even so, Subaru had done almost nothing to reward her.

It felt like she was just a well he could always draw water from whenever he needed it.

It was as if she were saying he could do anything no matter what it was, if it was him, who wasn’t 『Natsuki Subaru』

Subaru:「――――」

Shaula:「Master?」

Without thinking, Shaula questioningly tilted her head at Subaru, who had sunk into silence. Long black hair slowly cascaded down her pale, bare shoulders.

As he paid attention to that, Subaru gulped and set his thoughts straight,

Subaru:「Shaula. What is it that you want to do in the end?」

Shaula:「Mhm~ What do you mean?」

Subaru:「I don’t mean anything! You must understand what my aim is, right?」

Until just before, he had disregarded any thoughts that related to how he would reward Shaula. Were you to pay attention to him, you’d notice that Subaru had begun to speak in a manner that showed traces of rudeness.

To those words, Shaula frowned, and her face showed no traces that she had understood what Subaru had said. She brought her frown-adorned face closer, and as a result of that, Subaru held her back by placing his palm on her forehead.

And as he held her back,

Subaru:「I kill everyone who knows me, and I read their『Books of the Dead.』If I wipe out everyone who knows me, then the last one would be you. After that, I’ll end up reading your book, and yet…」

Subaru lacked the most important parts of himself by a mile and wasn’t able to fill in that gaping hole with his own strength. Subaru had no choice but to build『Natsuki Subaru』up little by little by collecting all the scraps of『Natsuki Subaru』from every single people who knew『Natsuki Subaru』and patching them into his original form.

In its completed form, it would contain all the memories of those who were familiar with『Natsuki Subaru』. Like Emilia, Beatrice, and so on; Shaula was no exception either.

That’s why he had promised Reinhard that he’d kill him someday as well.

She kept openly smiling in front of Subaru’s eyes. She kept helping Subaru in his objective without any hesitation. She kept interacting with her carefree attitude. And he had to kill her.

Subaru:「And yet, you accompany me? Shaula?」

Shaula:「Are you worried about meeee? Is it because you love me?」

Subaru:「――. Don’t joke about. I’m asking you seriously.」

Shaula’s answer to the sincere question he had asked was in the same tone as usual. And since that had gotten on Subaru’s nerves, he repeated his question again a little more crudely.

But, after receiving his words, Shaula called back to him with a:「Master.」

Shaula:「I’m really not joking about. Since being loved by Master is the meaning of my life. So, that’s what matters the moossst.」

Subaru:「――――」

Shaula:「If Master loves meeee, then you may make use of me as much as you like. My life is Master’s property. Being used as much as you like, Master… that is what I desire.」

Still in her usual tone, still with her clingy attitude which had to be bluntly brushed off, still giving off a rather flippant vibe where it couldn’t be distinguished if she was being serious or joking about, Shaula ran her hands down her ample breasts.

She ran them down and then turned her dark eyes to look at Subaru before giving him a weak smile.

What was shown there in her sincerity was an attitude that she lived her life earnestly, never ever lying. Shaula always spoke seriously. ――And since she did, she had no need to lie.

Shaula:「You may use meee as much as you like until I come to a miserable end. In exchange, I want you to love meee, and I want you to cry for meeee if I die. Since I’m really, I’m really just… I’m really just satisfied with that.」

Subaru:「…Why do you devote so much of yourself to me like that? It has to because I’m『Natsuki Subaru』.」

Shaula:「That’s not why.」

Subaru:「――――」

Shaula:「Master is Master; I don’t care about anything else. I just love wanting to love so that I want to love the one that I want to love. And, if that person loves me back, well, that’d be perfect. Am I speaking weirdly?」

Shaula tilted her head; it seemed like she didn’t hold a single doubt in what she’d said. Seeing that, Subaru let out a small「Hah.」 And soon enough what had been just a small snort of laughter steadily caused his throat to squeeze up into laughter.

Subaru laughed.

He didn’t laugh as either『Natsuki Subaru』or the play-acted version of『Natsuki Subaru』he put on in front of Emilia and the others. This time he laughed as the hollow Natsuki Subaru that had forgotten everything about his life in another world.

Subaru:「Ahhh, god damn, don’t you guys… don’t you people go fucking worrying about my damn self-discovery… Damn idiots.」

Shaula:「Huh!? Master, no way, did you get mad!? Did I say something weird!? Could it be that Monday, Thursday and Fridays are the days which all the burnable trash is thrown away!?」

Subaru:「I ain’t angry. I’m just amazed. I’m amazed, and ah, I’m damn speechless.」

Letting out a long sigh, Subaru slightly shook his head and started to walk. Shaula, looking rather unlike her usual self, timidly watched over Subaru’s back.

Subaru gave yet another long sigh seeing the stubbornness in her gaze.

Subaru:「You can do what you want, so, get yourself over here quickly.」

Shaula:「If I can do what I want… then, maybe you won’t get angry if I cling onto your arm, right?」

Subaru:「I guess so if you ain’t gonna cling on with your whole body weight.」

In an instant, Shaula’s face lit up and with a leap she wrapped Subaru’s arms around her chest. Even though usually it would have been a rough experience, only when it came to touching Subaru did Shaula tone down her strength.

It was like she was handling something fragile and important and trying not to break it.

Subaru hated that Shaula would flirt with him―― No, he disliked it. Her affection made him uncomfortable.

The one which Shaula wanted to be affectionate to was『Natsuki Subaru.』And, since everybody thought that they didn’t care or hold any interest in Natsuki Subaru, other than『Natsuki Subaru』,

Shaula:「Master, Master~」

Subaru:「Hm?」

Shaula:「I love youuu, Master. Love is Over. 」

TL Note: Another one of Shaula’s pop culture references. References this song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxaED86s3L0

Subaru:「I see. I don’t love you, though.」

Shaula:「Guaaaaa! M-Master’s so mean….」

Subaru:「But.」

Shaula:「But?」

Subaru:「…After you kill Reinhard, I will kill you last. I, who am not『Natsuki Subaru』will kill you last. That is what I will do for you.」

Shaula:「――――」

Subaru:「That’s all I will promise.」

Shaula:「Ah, aahah, ahahahah! Master, Master… really? I’ll be last? Am I gonna be Master’s last woman?」

Subaru:「When you say it like that, it makes me want to break that promise already.」

Shaula:「Ehh~! No! It’s a promise! It was definitely, definitely a promise!」

Subaru:「I was joking.」

Shaula:「Eeeeeh!? A joke? Which part was a joke!? Master, Master~!」

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Patching together, patching together, continuing to form its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to mold its shape.

Patching together, patching together, continuing to fill in the colors.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, and continuing towards bringing himself closer to completion.

Patching together, patching together, patching together, there’s too much to be patched together. Even if he kept patching it together so that the original form became unrecognizable, he could still patch together a new one.

Patching together, and continuing to live on.

Patching together, and continuing to live on.

Until the day comes where he would die, he would continue to patch it together, and live on――

『Patching Together a Life in Another World From Zero』F I N

Source: Touka131

--- Re: Azamuku IF (Vollachia Route) ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Art Sources:

This translation is dedicated to Erifuru , a translator and friend who will be deeply missed.

This is a just barely in-time update for the annual April Fool’s Day project!

The story this time is part of the IF Story series that have been released up till now, but it is a slightly different type of story. Of course, I wanted to write it, so I wrote it as I liked.

What kind of story could it be? I hope you enjoy it and I look forward to seeing you in the afterword!

――It was probably an instance where a single misstep sent the entire journey astray.

With but a single misalignment of gears, the tale twisted askew, and the rails of fate changed course with ease.

When the expected flow of events shifted, the torrent of destiny tossed people around like leaves from a tree.

And yet, what if they still finally found their way unto that changeless shore on the other side, unyielding?

Surely, it was only when a strong, unwavering desire utterly deceived that Commandment.

It was precisely within that once-in-a-lifetime lie that the meaning of that man’s life dwelled.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Haa, haa… hk!]

The girl panted as she fled, desperately clutching the child’s hand.

Despite running with all her might, the girl’s speed was lacking. For, within this unfamiliar land, one of her legs was impaired. ――Nay, if one called it an unfamiliar land, then for this girl, the whole world was strange.

This was a place she did not recognize whatsoever, these circumstances were beyond her comprehension, and as for her current situation, she could fathom naught.

Thus――,

???: [Uu! Uu, aau!]

Dragged by the girl’s hand, the child, whose name she did not even know, had been continuously wailing inarticulate cries.

Girl: [――Hk.]

Tightly biting her lips, the girl banished the weakness within her mind and faced ahead.

Indeed, at this moment, everything was unknown to her.. However, certain truths were clear. She knew that she must not let go of this child’s hand, and that she must continue to run forward.

In the midst of this world awash with unknowns, the girl’s instinct cried out for her to flee. Escape was the sole means by which the girl could express her will to resist; a protest permitted to her present self.

Girl: [That, person… hk.]

Whilst experiencing a pain that seared her breath-starved lungs, the girl’s bewildered mind envisioned a single figure. It had the appearance of a boy with black hair and mean-looking eyes, and its very presence evoked both negative impulses as well as strange feelings――,

???: [―― Oh, it’s really an Oni. That’s unusual. ]

Girl: [――Hk.]

That carefree voice suddenly intruded on the girl’s thoughts, sending a tremor throughout her body, and she sharply whirled about.

Mirrored in the girl’s pale blue eyes was a one-eyed woman wearing an eyepatch who was running―― nay, flying beside her. She was a beautiful woman with the animal ears of a dogperson and much of her brown skin exposed to the wind. At the entrance of the woman cutting through the air with a long branch in her grasp, the child that was being dragged behind the girl let out a shriek.

The moment she heard that scream, the girl reflexively attempted to fend off the woman with her free hand.

However――,

Woman: [――? That didn’t connect. It’s a shame, but…]

Off-balance, her swung arm was seized effortlessly, and in turn, she found herself pulled in.

Their faces had drawn so near to one another that the tips of their noses were about to touch, and in the woman’s red eye uncovered by an eyepatch, the girl beheld her own visage in its reflection.

It was an unfamiliar face. ――That was the face of a girl who did not understand the world, let alone herself.

Woman: [I was told to capture you.]

Girl: [――Ah.]

The instant the girl beheld her reflection, the woman lightly tapped the center of her chest with a finger, and the girl felt a minute shock course throughout her entire body.

The action had effortlessly stolen the strength from the girl’s limbs, forcing her to collapse to her knees.

Girl: [Ugh!]

Woman: [That child, too.]

Beside the collapsed girl, the brave child leapt at the woman.

However, the woman caught the strike with the ease of twisting a baby’s hand, and then, that same shock the girl had endured was delivered to the child’s brow, and with an “Aauu?”, she flopped and toppled over as if all her strength had been sapped away.

As a result, the chase sequence starring the girl and the small child reached its anticlimactic conclusion.

Girl: [You, are…]

Woman: [Don’t worry, no harm will… well, I’m not sure. Sorry.]

As the girl crawled toward the dazed child, straining her voice, the woman offered words of apology. But, that was by no means a consolation, as there was no sense of being saved by that apology.

Whether she ought to deem it sincerity or clumsiness, the girl could choose neither.

Slowly but surely, as the child before her slipped into unconsciousness, so too did her own reality begin to fade away.

Woman: [Let’s go, Oni girl.]

Girl: [I, am…]

The sensation of being picked up by the woman was an action she could not resist. As her consciousness gradually faded to white, the girl’s lips trembled feebly.

Being called an Oni failed to resonate with her. That being said, there was another way she had been called――,

Rem: [――Rem.]

That name had been spoken by the black-haired boy enveloped in that dreadful, abhorrent stench.

Perhaps, it was some kind of illusion. ――That above all else, that name somehow felt familiar to her empty self that lacked anything.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Things had taken a troublesome turn.

A combination of dread and vigilance coursed like lightning through Natsuki Subaru’s mind, compelling him to act urgently.

Why, why, why ; he had not even a moment to spare in order to ponder such a question.

He organized his thoughts concerning recent events: the arrival of the opportunity for a long-awaited reunion, and the bitter sorrow that came thereafter when reality had failed to meet his hopes. Suppressing that grief, focusing his mind on the precious people he had been separated from, he steeled his resolve to escape this irrational, senseless impasse―― at least, that was what he ought to do.

And yet――,

???: [Kakakakka! Ya young’uns really are terrifyin’! Even I’ve never seen one with this much recklessness, impossibility, and sheer madness. Amazin’, amazin’.]

The hoarse voice rang out in a hearty laugh, accompanied by a knifehand thrust like steel that struck his heart.

His back was pierced by the knifehand, and as he beheld his own heart torn from his chest, in a tempest of agony and shock, Subaru died instantly.

×  ×  ×

???: [How did a friggin’ human like yourself slip past the watch of us dragons? I don’t know how the frig ’ you did, and that fact I don’t is the height of friggin’ disrespect!]

Bearing a sweet outward appearance, the tantrum of this destructive being was clad in a tempest with a single swing of her arm.

That slender arm did not even need to make contact with him, stirring up a gale which seized the boy’s body and hurled him against the castle walls. Tasting the pain of all of his bones shattering, Subaru died instantly.

×  ×  ×

???: [Deceived… my eyes. Do not understand… how? Scary.]

The shapeshifting statue in the beautiful garden voiced its dread, swinging down an arm that resembled a marble pillar.

Once, then twice, he had managed to evade the arm, but he could not do so forever. The third blow grazed his leg, robbing his body of all mobility, followed by the fourth strike landing a direct blow on him, and as he was compressed to a tenth of his original size, Subaru died instantly.

×  ×  ×

???: [――! Who are you! Don’t you realize whose castle this is, you fool!]

With a gallant, inflexible, righteous fury, sharp thorns flashed like blades.

His whole body was ensnared by purple vines covered in thorns, and as every bit of his flesh was rent asunder, as Subaru’s consciousness was shattered by the unbearable pain of his spilt blood and how the thorns on the vines writhing like they had a will of their own were gnawing at his wounds, he breathed his last.

×  ×  ×

???: [There he is! Don’t let him get away!!]

???: [You villain!]

???: [Do you think you can get away with this!?]

He was cornered by bearers of steel who had flushed out their prey, holding a will to fight that had been honed.

Surrounded on all sides, with neither a place to escape, nor anyone who would lend an ear to his excuses, the thrusting blades pierced his entire body, and suffering all of those mortal wounds, Subaru collapsed and breathed his last.

×  ×  ×

Subaru: [In the first place――]

Subaru gritted his teeth, wondering if he had erred in his choices from the outset, having repeated Death five times.

Subaru had already been alone at the new starting point of Return by Death. ――It may have been a mistake to end up here alone in the first place.

When he thought about how she might be suffering the same things he had even at this very moment, that alone was enough turmoil to crack and shatter his heart.

What was it that he needed?

What possibilities must he secure?

Where was the checkpoint that he must reach?

Walking a tightrope that was far too narrow and unreliable, having to reach the other side no matter the cost, what exactly was it that Subaru must be able to fulfill?

Subaru: [――――]

It was a situation where he must attract attention, yet if Subaru moved carelessly, he would be obstructed by a tough opponent that was far and away beyond his own abilities, and they would take his life all too quickly.

There were a great many enemies. And not a single one had a shred of mercy. ――Subaru’s path was blocked by individuals who had absolutely no qualms about killing their opponents.

In order to break through that, to surmount it, that tiny, minute gap in the possibilities, he would――

Subaru: [――――]

Running over carefully tidied lawns, Subaru headed in a different direction than all the other routes which had been closed off to him, and found an opulent detached palace.

Gaudy and beautiful, yet less gaudy compared the castle that Subaru had just been trying and failing to escape, and he would hope that it had a bit less stringent security.

Accordingly, he should be able to obtain at least a single piece of information. ――With such an intention, Subaru smashed a window in a place void of any signs of people, unlocked it, and tumbled into the Imperial Residence.

In the next instant――,

???: [――You fool.]

He had climbed over the window frame and just put the tips of his toes on the floor.

As soon as he heard that weighty, stern voice, Subaru’s legs were clipped from the side, and he was mercilessly slammed headfirst into the floor.

Subaru: [Oguahh!]

The instant he let out a shriek of pain and his vision flickered red, the worst scenarios flashed through his mind.

After all, up to now, Subaru had repeatedly ended up having his life stolen away from him by completely different people in different ways, all in the span of around ten minutes.

That’s why it was no wonder that, in the midst of the pain, he had resigned himself to it being the same again.

However――,

???: [You, how did you manage to evade the security and get in here?]

The expected arrival of the shock of Death did not befall him, but instead, a question was asked of him.

While grimacing in pain, Subaru lay sprawled out spread-eagle on the floor, and he caught a glimpse of the person who had raised that query to him―― the one who had intercepted Subaru sneaking into the Imperial Residence.

Subaru: [――――]

Standing there, with black hair and black eyes, was a handsome man with tidy features that gave off the impression of a frightening intellect. That individual wearing a crimson outfit that conveyed the quality of its tailoring with a single glance was warily looking down upon Subaru with a gaze as sharp as that of a bird of prey.

That glare usurped his conscious thought, and Subaru froze like he had been pinned down. ――And yet, it was not simply the gaze of the handsome man that had immobilized Subaru.

Handsome Man: [Did you not hear my question? It would be irreverent to not provide any answer.]

With an austere voice and words, the handsome man was about to callously decide Subaru’s fate.

However, rather than this cruel reality, Subaru’s awareness was seized by the strange phenomenon before his eyes―― the profound mystery within the full-length mirror placed beside the handsome man looking down on him.

Upon the mirror, the reflected image of the dark-haired handsome man was different. ――Reflected there was a man, taller than the handsome man with black hair, possessing white hair, white clothes, and a pale face.

As Subaru gasped at the peculiarity of that, the handsome man in reality shut one eye and tapped his foot.

And then, as if an ultimatum, he asked a question once more.

Handsome Man: [There shall not be a third time. Take care, and answer my question.]

Subaru blinked at the overlapping images, and then his consciousness returned to reality.

Then, the figure of the man in white who had just been visible within the mirror a moment prior was nowhere to be seen, and all that remained was the form of the handsome man who stared at him with a dreadfully overbearing attitude.

Seeing this, Subaru swallowed his breath, and then spoke.

Subaru: [――My name is Natsuki Subaru.]

It was an inadequate answer to any of the questions that the handsome man had asked.

Thinking back on it later, even Subaru himself could not think of a proper reason why he had given his name here, had introduced himself without falsifying his identity.

He could only assume that it was an intuitive answer, drawn from his brain which had become confused due to erratically and reflexively accumulating absurd and irrational Deaths over and over again within a short span of time.

Hearing that answer of Subaru’s that could easily strike a nerve with someone, the handsome man――,

Handsome Man: [――Lugunica’s… Lolimancer, is it?]

Yes, he raised his finely shaped eyebrows, and with a hint of bewilderment that did not suit his face, which was like the embodiment of an arrogance that placed all the events of the world within his own palms, he muttered so.

――This itself, was the first misstep.

Natsuki Subaru, who had unexpectedly been sent to the Sacred Vollachian Empire, and “Vincent Vollachia”, the pinnacle of the Land of the Sword Wolves―― it was the meeting of the two whose destinies should never have crossed paths in the first place, comrades who would deceive fate.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――I’ve brought them.]

Saying that, the one who brazenly stepped into the office of the Imperial Residence was a young girl with a strangely revealing outfit that showed off her brown skin, dog ears, and an eyepatch over her left eye; she was overloaded with character traits.

Subaru was taken aback by her appearance, but when he saw that she was carrying Rem upon her slender shoulders and an extra person under her arm, he exclaimed “Rem!” as he hurriedly rushed over.

Subaru: [Are you hurt anywhere?… Opossum !]

Eyepatch Girl: [Don’t do that so suddenly, it surprised me.]

As he tried to ensure she was safe, toes drilled into his defenseless solar plexus and he fell in agony.

The girl with the eyepatch had only casually lifted her bare foot, but it was not a matter of the strength of her legs, but rather of the skill to precisely gouge his vitals―― no, it was a brutal, instinctual kick without any such calculation behind it.

However, despite having his organs bored through by the shock, Subaru staggered over to Rem, slung over the girl’s shoulder, and after confirming her breathing and the tinge of red on her cheeks, he heaved a sigh of relief.

Subaru: […It seems like nothing bad. She’ll actually wake up, right?]

Eyepatch Girl: [I only put her to sleep. She’ll wake up soon. This one too.]

Subaru: [I don’t care about that one. If anything, I’d rather she’d stay asleep forever.]

Eyepatch Girl: […Your relationships are… complicated?]

Subaru: [Not at all. Rem is important, that one isn’t. That’s all.]

Subaru glared at the blonde girl being held under the girl’s arm opposite to Rem.

At his declaration, the girl’s one red eye widened and her lips twitched. It seemed like Subaru’s answer was not to her liking in some way, but unfortunately it was his true thoughts.

But it was impossible to mend things between them. ――Unlike the courageous, gentle, hard-working, and compassionate Rem, that girl was a monster who had piled up a mountain of unpardonable sins.

Subaru: [――Louis Arneb.]

With a whisper, Subaru muttered the girl’s―― the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony’s name.

Right now, she seemed to be sleeping, but she was one of the enemies who had thoroughly tormented him during the battles at the Pleiades Watchtower and made him experience hell. It was a mystery as to why she, who was supposed to be an incorporeal entity, had manifested with a body in reality, but there was no way she was up to anything good.

In any case――,

Subaru: [Thank you for not hurting Rem. You are…?]

Eyepatch Girl: [Arakiya.]

Subaru: [Thanks, Arakiya-chan! I’m in your debt!]

Bowing deeply, Subaru expressed his gratitude toward the girl―― toward Arakiya.

Although she probably did not hold a favorable impression of Subaru due to his treatment of Louis a moment ago, for his part, Subaru felt a strong sense of gratitude and debt toward Arakiya.

And the person who had ordered Arakiya to do this for him was――,

Subaru: [Thank you for saving us. Umm…]

???: [――Vincent Vollachia.]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [Seventy-seventh Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia.]

The one who introduced himself once again was the handsome man with black hair, sitting behind an ebony desk.

This person was the one who had confronted Subaru when he had snuck into the Imperial Residence and had come one step short of striking him down for his insolence. And, if the name he had just given was the truth, he was the most powerful man in the Empire.

Subaru: [Arakiya-chan?]

Arakiya: [It’s true… or a bit of a lie?]

Subaru: [A bit of a lie?]

Vincent: [Arakiya, do not talk out of turn. ――If you wish to regain what you truly desire, take care to conduct yourself in a manner that does not upset my good graces.]

Arakiya: […Nnh.]

Arakiya, who had responded to Subaru and his attempt at confirmation, was rebuked by that handsome man―― by Vincent, and she nodded with a look of slight discontent.

Arakiya lowered Rem and Louis onto a sofa for guests, and let them sleep. As for Subaru, he wanted to separate the two sleeping there as much as possible, but since he lacked the situation or the standing to make such a request, he simply clenched his fists tightly and endured it.

After all, this was the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

Subaru had spent a year learning the culture and general knowledge of this other world; and this was the neighboring nation of the Kingdom of Lugunica, which differed from it starting from the soil on up, the Imperial Capital where a figure of most august rank resided.

Vincent: [So? Lolimancer, explain it to me once more.]

Subaru: […Rather than that, could you please refer to me as Natsuki Subaru? As you can see, I don’t have the lovely, charming , pretty girl that makes me worthy of the title with me right now.]

Arakiya: [What about this child?]

Subaru: [She’s a girl who’s not lovely , nor charming , nor pretty .]

Subaru gave a curt response to Arakiya, who had inquired thus while pointing at Louis. Then, he turned his gaze back toward Vincent once again, and the Emperor closed one of his black eyes.

Vincent: [Speak, Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: […No matter how many times you ask, it won’t change much. We were at the tower of the Sage, in the far east of Lugunica. A lot happened at the tower, but I’ll leave that out… In the end, part of the Witch of Envy overflowed from the shrine near the Great Waterfall and swallowed us. Then, the next thing I knew, I was flung to the grounds of this castle…]

Arakiya: […Your story sounds like a lie. Are you lying?]

Subaru: [I get what I’m saying is totally suspicious, but on the other hand there is no reason for me to give you a story that is nothing but lies, so I’d like you to believe me…!]

He had thought he had laid out the facts, but Arakiya was rightly suspicious.

However, it was the person concerned, Subaru, who wanted an explanation of the situation. After finishing the battle with the Gluttonies at the Pleiades Watchtower, and then losing a companion he did not want to lose under the pretense of a Trial, and just as his frayed heart had begun to settle, this had occurred.

Subaru: [I’m sure Emilia-tan, Beako, and the others are quite worried right about now… Something like, “I can’t believe you, you ended up in the Empire somehow, and on the grounds of the castle of the Imperial Capital no less.”]

Vincent: [That you are a spy quite lacking in the skill of your excuses, contrary the skill of your infiltration, is currently the most likely explanation. If there is a point of note, it is that you identify yourself as Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: […It’s not a lie, I’m telling the truth, but was that really that significant to you?]

Vincent: [It is well known to the Empire that the Lolimancer is one of the Knights to a Candidate for the Royal Selection. The menaces of the Witch Cult and the Three Great Witchbeasts are not something that even Vollachia is isolated from.]

Subaru: [I see…]

Vincent: [A non-aggression pact was signed between the Empire and the Kingdom. I could insist that your mere presence here has shattered that agreement, however…]

Subaru: [No, that’s, well you know, I plead for your forgiveness.]

It would be terrible if Subaru carelessly giving out his name was the cause of the two nations plunging into a state of war. In the first place, this was truly an unfortunate misunderstanding, an unforeseen accident.

Subaru had no way to explain it, and it was shameful that he could do nothing but desperately insist that the truth that appeared to be a lie was, in fact, the truth, but――,

???: [My ohhh~ my, that’s just a bit too much of a threat, now isn’t it, Your Excellency? I don’t think we can afford to deal with the Kingdom right now, myself.]

Subaru: [――! W-who are you!?]

Subaru’s shoulders twitched at the unexpected voice of a third-party, and he turned around. When he did, he found that the office door had opened slightly, and his eyes met with the suspicious person peeking through the opening.

The suspicious person whom he had made eye contact with waved at Subaru, and opened the door with a defiant smile. Then, with broad strides, he brazenly stepped foot into the office.

Suspicious Man: [In accordance with my commandment, I have been called here, Your Excellency.]

Vincent: [I do not remember calling for you.]

Suspicious Man: [I didn’t saaay~ that, though? I said, in accordance with my commandment. I rarely get the chance to, so when the odd opportunity comes, I need to act as a proper Stargazer.]

The one who responded with a frivolous smile to Vincent, the Emperor, was a gentle-looking effeminate man with long ashen hair.

He seemed to have a different air about him than the soldiers he had seen in the castle, or the transcendental beings he had come across, and as far as Subaru could see, he did not seem to be a fighter.

Subaru: [Umm, this person is…]

Arakiya: [I hate him.]

Subaru: [I don’t want to know who you like or dislike, I want to know what his position is.]

Suspicious Man: [Ah, sorry, sorry. I’m not very attentive at times like these. My naaame~ is Ubilk, and I’m technically a Stargazer at this Crystal Palace. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Stargazer-san of the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [Stargazer… of the Kingdom?]

Subaru tilted his head at that unexpected sound when he was called such by that effeminate man―― the man who named himself as Ubilk, with a frivolous smile still on his face.

However, before Subaru could find out what that meant,

Vincent: [Natsuki Subaru is a Stargazer? Are you certain?]

Ubilk: [If you’re asking me if I’m certain or not, I have no way of confirming it since the Kingdom is outside my jurisdiction, but… I’d wager Your Excellency has come up with a similar theory regarding it.]

Vincent: [A puppet of the stars such as yourself would pose a conjecture as to my speculations?]

Ubilk: [Of course nooot~, I don’t have such a high view of myself as to believe myself capable of guessing the thoughts of Your Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia… I’m just giving a recommendation.]

Vincent: [――. You may speak.]

Ubilk: [I have recited the stars. ――He will beee~ of great use to you, Your Excellency.]

Jerking his chin, Ubilk made that evaluation of Subaru in a light-hearted tone. In response, Subaru pointed at himself and instinctively said, “Me?” out loud.

Truthfully, combining this treatment as a Stargazer, the details of which was still unclear to him, with the discussion about Subaru, made him feel like this exchange being had was going over his head.

Ubilk: [Considering our relationship with the Kingdom, the intention to sever that anxiety of what may come could well give birth to a pretext that will not vanish. If that‘s the case, I believe it would be wise to add him to your hand instead. You have some perfectly convenient hostages, don’t youuu~? It’s a quick way for you both to reach an agreement, no?]

Subaru: [Convenient hostages… Wait, you’re not talking about Rem are you? No way!]

Ubilk: [Ha haah~ ha, you really are an honest person. If you had insisted that this young lady who accompanied you here wasn’t valuable as a hostage, things would have changed a bit.]

Subaru: [Guh, nnn…]

Ubilk: [Ooor~, would you like me to rephrase that just now? The young lady who accompanied him is worthless to Natsuki Subaru…]

Subaru: [Ha? Rem is so precious to me that I would sacrifice my life for her without regret.]

After he replied exactly like that, he witnessed Ubilk’s smile deepen, and Subaru brought his hand to his forehead as he completely fell for the trap.

That said, he could not lie here and say that Rem was worthless to him.

Subaru: [I’m not Otto. I really can’t say something I don’t mean.]

Otto: [I can’t agree with you calling strategy in a time of crisis proof of a bad character, though!]

Subaru sighed, an imaginary Otto shouting in the back of his mind. Dismissing it with a wave of his hand, Subaru looked toward Vincent.

Vincent placed a finger on the tip of his slender chin, and looked like he was examining Ubilk’s current proposal. Although, from the look on his face, Subaru could guess that he had already arrived at his answer.

And sure enough――,

Vincent: [――Natsuki Subaru, the situation you have been placed in is far from bright. Regardless of the veracity of your prior poor explanation, the fact remains that you have stepped foot into my country. And beyond that, this is while the Empire has entered wartime and is in the middle of an unparalleled national crisis.]

Subaru: [Wartime… There’s a war!? With who… where!?]

Vincent: [Here.]

Without censuring Subaru for panicking and forgetting to use respectful language, Vincent tapped the floor with his shoe. Subaru blinked, as he momentarily did not connect that response to his question.

But soon the implication reached his mind…

Subaru: [By here… No way, a civil war in the Empire?]

Vincent: [Precisely. The Emperor and the rebels shall fight over the throne of the Empire.]

Subaru: [――――]

At the confirmation of the reality of a war, a civil war at that, Subaru was involuntarily lost for words. Extending his hand toward that speechless Subaru, Vincent thus announced.

Like a bird of prey, with a gaze and expression of absolute power, the Vollachian Emperor thus announced.

Vincent: [No matter your circumstances, should you want to survive, you shall have to join me, Natsuki Subaru. ――In order to leave the Empire as it should be, in the hands of Vincent Vollachia.]

――Seriously, things had taken a troublesome turn.

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent Vollachia’s declaration caused Subaru to explode in rage with all his heart at the greatest absurdity of fate since he was first summoned to this world.

So far he had encountered many unreasonable situations. It could be said that he had been beaten down by countless absurdities, such as the hardship he had suffered at the Pleiades Watchtower.

And yet, there had still been continuity between them. It could also be said that there had been reasonable logic in how those situations had slowly gotten worse and worse, until it had been driven into an absurd situation.

Yet this time, it was not that way at all.

Subaru’s arrival in the Vollachian Empire, without any warning, had been absurd. If it had not been the Imperial Capital of Vollachia, but a more remote region, or perhaps the Kararagi City-States or the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko that he had been sent to, it would not have been so strange, and yet, it was here.

If he could not call this absurd, then just what could he call it――,

Arakiya: [Ah.]

???: [Uuh, nnn…]

Suddenly, Arakiya noticed something, and let out a sound, followed by Rem on the sofa beginning to stir.

Realizing this was a sign of her awakening, Subaru turned to look at Rem with a snap. Then he knelt next to her on the sofa and waited for her eyelids, framed by her lashes, to slowly open. He could vaguely see himself reflected in her pale blue eyes, and…

Subaru: [Rem! Thank goodness, are you okay? Do you hurt anywhere? Are you injured, or feeling sick? If anything is unusual anywhere, let’s immediately…]

Rem: [――Hk, why are you here!?]

Subaru: [Ghwow!]

After that brief period of him worrying about her condition, the awake Rem immediately shoved Subaru away. Subaru was blown away by the unrestrained power of that strike, and Ubilk lay in his trajectory.

With a “Huuuh~?”, a wide-eyed Ubilk was caught up by the flying Subaru, and the two of them tumbled to the edge of the room, entangled.

Ignoring Subaru and Ubilk, Rem sat up on the sofa and scanned her surroundings.

Rem: [W-where is that child… and you! From before!]

Arakiya: […Your Excellency?]

Vincent: [――. This is the Imperial Residence of the Emperor. This is far too noisy for such a place.]

Witnessing Arakiya before her, Rem became even more wary. Seeing Rem’s gaze, Arakiya turned her sleepy eyes toward Vincent, and the Emperor quietly lamented so.

As the Emperor had said, the situation was somehow lacking tension, and yet――,

Louis: [Uuu?]

The scene with the least tension was when Louis woke up late, rubbed her eyes, then tilted her head quizzically.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Trespassing upon the Imperial Residence inhabited by His Excellency Vincent Vollachia, located within the Crystal Palace at the northern end of the Imperial Capital Lupugana of the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

The crime committed by Subaru and Rem would definitely get them executed around seven times over.

Subaru and her were convicted criminals by Imperial law, but the reason they were not executed was due to the considerate discretion of the Emperor overflowing with mercy and compassion―― of course, that was not the case.

???: [As far as I am concerned, I would prefer to place individuals such as yourself that are inconvenient to deal with under house arrest until the issues of highest priority are dealt with, and remove the option of adding you to the discussion.]

Subaru: [You’re being super clear that I’m a nuisance, huh?]

???: [You are aware of this yourself, are you not? Under these circumstances, giving your name as that of a Knight involved in the Royal Selection of Lugunica, regardless of the veracity of that claim, only invites needless disaster.]

Subaru: […Unfortunately, my fame in the Kingdom is only around the level where passersbys on the street will wave at me.]

Having said that, Subaru was also starting to contemplate on whether it had been imprudent of him to have carelessly given his name. However, if he had done or said anything other than giving the name Natsuki Subaru at that time, he feared he may have left himself under Vincent’s discretion without any negotiation.

It had probably been the correct decision to confront Vincent in proportion to the willingness to listen he had displayed.

Subaru: [The others came to take my life without any questions…]

???: [If anything, I am impressed your neck is still so well connected to your body… The fact that you headed straight toward the Imperial Residence where His Excellency was at is also a point that adds to my suspicions.]

In that regard, it had been a process of elimination where every other route had been a beeline toward disaster, but it was clear that he would not be able to convince this old man with slits for eyes with such an explanation.

Imperial Prime Minister, Berstetz Fondalfon. ――That was the name and title of this old man with slits for eyes, and it was easy to understand the reasons why he was wary of Subaru, an outsider.

Subaru: [No matter what I say, you’ll think what you do, but I’m really not plotting or scheming anything. To be honest, I want to return to Lugunica soooon.]

Berstetz: [As you stated, it does not matter what you say to me. With the present state of affairs where border crossings are already restricted, it is unfeasible to be rash and send you back there when you have yet to be cleared of suspicions of being a covert agent.]

Subaru: [A torrent of sound arguments…]

Subaru sighed and his shoulders drooped at Berstetz’s strict words.

This place was a corner of the Imperial Capital, Lupugana, and it was here where Berstetz’s manor lay. Subaru had received a gracious verdict for his crime of trespassing upon the Imperial Residence, and he was being kept at the estate of the Prime Minister for now.

Berstetz, who was well-regarded by the Emperor, Vincent, was properly complying with the order to hold custody over his person, although he did not relax even one ounce of vigilance toward Subaru. Subaru too, had no major complaints about his treatment, despite feeling the sharpness of Berstetz’s attitude of unconcealed distrust.

If he had to say anything, it would be that it was almost frustrating that he had been so thoroughly strung along by Vincent’s calculations and had been unable to take any proactive steps to return to the Kingdom.

Or perhaps, the greatest reason Subaru and the others had been entrusted to Berstetz’s mansion, which had even stricter security than the Crystal Palace or the Imperial Residence, was due to that――,

???: [――I’m friggin’ back.]

En route back to his assigned room after finishing his interrogation by Berstetz, Subaru witnessed a flying dragon enveloped in a shroud of wind alighting in the garden of the mansion and a petite figure dismounting from its back.

The one there was a young girl in an adorable outfit, with two black horns that sprouted out of her sky-blue hair―― yet in contrast to that cuteness, she was a dragonkin who possessed unbelievable strength.

Subaru: [Madelyn-chan.]

Madelyn: […You friggin’ human. Don’t be so friggin’ casual and use “chan” for this dragon.]

The returning dragonkin girl, Madelyn, took notice of Subaru calling her name, and sniffed softly.

Madelyn seemed to be under Berstetz’s patronage, just like Subaru and the rest, and he often had the chance to cross paths with her in the mansion and interact. However, whenever they did, her bearing was harsh in this way, so he could not say they had established a good relationship.

Her harshness was not only directed at Subaru, but everyone at the mansion as well, however――,

Berstetz: [General First-Class Madelyn, how did it go? Those seeking the emancipation of General First-Class Goz are…]

Madelyn: [I friggin’ kicked them away. Let me say this now, us dragons don’t have any friggin’ obligation to take your insignificant circumstances into consideration, so I really did literally kick them the frig’ away.]

Berstetz: [No problem. His Excellency the Emperor ordered you to quell the revolt, and if you did what you deemed necessary to do so, then that is what is right for the Empire.]

Madelyn: [Hmph, you friggin’ boring senile fool.]

Madelyn shrugged at Berstetz’s answer, and upon her back she carried an armament around as large as her own petite frame―― a boomerang.

There was blood here and there upon the boomerang that she had failed to wipe off, and there was no doubt that was related to the “quelling” the two of them had discussed.

Subaru: [General First-Class Madelyn Eschart, and General First-Class Goz Ralfon…]

Murmuring that softly, Subaru thought of that which was beyond the walls that encircled the mansion―― of the landscape of the Imperial Capital with its buildings in orderly rows, and organized the various relationships swirling there through his head.

When he had first been sent here, he held almost no knowledge regarding the Vollachian Empire, and could only wander in confusion, but thanks to living in the mansion for the past few days, he now knew a few things.

For example, the one before him, Madelyn, had been bestowed with the rank of General First-Class, which was bestowed upon none but the strongest existences of the Empire, and

was a member of the Nine Divine Generals, an individual of the greatest military ability.

The other was also a member of the same Nine Divine Generals, a character known as the renowned Lion Knight, Goz Ralfon, who had rebelled against the Emperor, and was currently restrained within the prison of the Crystal Palace. The violent actions of Goz, who had a profound bond of trust with his subordinates, had caused much chaos amongst the troops.

It appeared that the group of soldiers Madelyn had just routed had been appealing for the pardon and release of the imprisoned Goz. He could understand saying that such a response was reasonable, since by siding with Goz, who had turned his blade against the Emperor, they too possessed the potential to become part of the rebels.

Subaru: [I’ve thought this day after day, but the culture is just too different…]

The Kingdom of Lugunica was about as safe and peaceful as modern-day Japan―― As someone who had lost their life many times in the Kingdom, this was not something Subaru would ever say. However, clearly different rules from the Kingdom had been imposed by the Vollachian Empire, and it was exceedingly difficult to ascertain the boundary between common sense and senselessness.

However, he could not afford to show weakness.

Subaru: [If I’m discouraged, it would cause trouble for Rem. For Rem’s sake…]

???: [――What about me?]

Subaru: [Uwoh hyoh hoi!?]

Just as he slapped his cheeks to fill himself with motivation, that voice called out to him from behind, and he jumped and spun around with an Acchonburike expression, his cheeks still sandwiched between his hands. And then, with an “Uuu!”, he was embraced with an impact to the front of his waist and he nearly toppled over. [1]

Rem: [Louis-chan, you shouldn’t get too close. He’s just going to say more nasty things to you again.]

Louis: [Uuuau?]

Subaru: [That’s right. It’s as Rem said. I’ll say nasty things to you. Don’t cling to me.]

Louis: [Aaa, auaaau.]

Standing his ground, Subaru pulled off the body of the girl―― Louis, who was clinging to his waist, then casually tossed her to one side. Spinning, Louis handled it with the nimbleness of a cat, then after making a face also like that of a stray cat, she returned to the side of the girl with open arms.

Receiving the return of Louis with a hug, Rem cast a reproachful gaze upon Subaru.

Rem: [How can you be so cold to such a small child. I can’t comprehend it.]

Subaru: [Rem, I’ve said it over and over, but that’s a bomb pretending to be a child. She’s being obedient now, but there’s no telling when she might explode. Please trust me on this…]

Rem: […When you stink so much? That’s impossible.]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [What’s with that moved look on your face?]

Subaru: [Nothing, just you telling me “You stink, you stink” is also nostalgic, so it just brought back some deeply moving feelings.]

Rem: [Ha?]

The reaction from Rem as she embraced Louis was cold, and overall, Subaru’s feelings were not taken very positively.

Subaru knew that it was difficult when he just simply told Rem, who had no Memories and a nose that could only perceive the miasma Subaru was clad in, to believe in him, so even though it was painful, he endured it.

Subaru: [Compared to when we couldn’t even have this sort of exchange, it’s seriously a world of difference.]

Rem: […Truly, I don’t understand you.]

Despite her bluntness, it seemed like Rem had indescribably complicated emotions regarding Subaru’s reaction, where the joy seemed to be outweighed by the bitterness.

Even so, the reason she did not completely try to keep him at a distance due to the Miasma, was thanks to the initial incident at the Crystal Palace―― Because she tried to fully accept and understand the dedication shown when, after he had realized they had been sent to a dangerous location, he had volunteered to be a decoy and attempted to help Rem and Louis, well, strictly speaking only Rem, escape.

In actuality, Subaru had ended up Returning by Death so many times that he was really, really relieved that such a threat had not befallen Rem.

That said, he would be overjoyed if they could compromise just a bit more. For example――,

Madelyn: [Oni girl, this dragon has friggin’ returned. Help me with my friggin’ bath.]

Rem: [Of course, Madelyn-san, I understand.]

Something like the relationship between Rem and Madelyn, where unexpectedly, she could calmly respond to those haughty demands with such a tone.

Berstetz: [General First-Class Madelyn and Rem-dono have become quite close.]

Right then, Berstetz said exactly what Subaru had been thinking. Even if he took a glance at the old man’s profile, he could not read anything from his eyes that were so narrow, not even his irises were visible.

Not even whether he welcomes the relationship between them, or dislikes it.

Subaru: [Berstetz-san, you wouldn’t happen to be a demi-human collector , would you?]

Berstetz: [If that means being an antiquarian of precious bloodlines, then I cannot deny it in a broad sense. Powerful species have strong individuals, but contrarily they lack in their ability to protect their bloodlines. For the future of the Empire, we must treat them with care to ensure they are not lost.]

Subaru: [Speaking of the future of the Empire…]

Berstetz: [Are you curious to learn more? Lolimancer-dono of the Kingdom?]

Subaru: [ Don’t need to know …]

Lifting both hands, Subaru indicated he had retracted his careless curiosity.

They say curiosity killed the cat, but in the Empire it was a rule that would seriously not go unpunished.

However――,

Subaru: [Setting aside the dragonkin Madelyn-chan, whether Oni are valuable or not, Rem is my Rem.]

Rem: [Ha? Please don’t say that on your own. I can hear you.]

Subaru: [I didn’t say it so you wouldn’t hear me.]

Louis: [Uu!]

Having sharp ears, Rem caught what was being discussed, and made a complicated face upon hearing Subaru’s response. Why was Louis enjoying hugging her waist, beaming while in a good mood? It was annoying when she would cling to Subaru, but it was mentally draining having her embrace Rem in that way.

Then, it was as Subaru was thinking about tearing Louis away from Rem by force.

???: [Natsuki Subaru-dono, are you here!?]

His name called out so loudly, Subaru’s eyes widened as he wondered what was going on.

When he turned around, the figure of a tall individual was standing at the entrance to the mansion. Seeing it was a fierce-looking young man with short green hair, Subaru pursed his lips.

It was not particularly clear, but he recalled the young man’s face. ――He had been killed by him once before.

Subaru: [I am Natsuki Subaru.]

???: [I am Kafma Irulux, General Second-Class of the glorious Vollachian Empire. Natsuki Subaru-dono, you have been summoned by His Excellency, the Emperor.]

The young man who saluted before Subaru―― Kafma, announced this with a polite bow.

Subaru’s breath caught in his throat when he heard that the Emperor had summoned him. For the Emperor, who spent his time always occupied, to call for him for the first time in days, it would not be without meaning.

That is to say――,

Subaru: [Kafma… san,  do you know why the Emperor has called for me?]

Kafma: [I do not hold the authority to preemptively convey His Excellency the Emperor’s words. His Excellency will reveal to you exactly what you need to know.]

Kafma’s answer was the most military-esque of anyone he had spoken to thus far. With his wholehearted faithfulness and loyalty toward the Emperor, now that man known as the Lion Knight had been imprisoned as a rebel, he seemed to be the only Knight in an Empire without any other.

In any case――,

Subaru: [――Rem, I’m going to go out for a bit. I might be home late, so you can eat dinner without me.]

Rem: [Stop saying nonsensical things… Take care.]

Just that one phrase reluctantly and falteringly added at the end was enough to make him blush, as he was filled with unbelievable energy that he felt would allow him to persevere forever and ever.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: […It is true that I carelessly thought I would be able to get through it no matter what, but…]

???: [What. Do you have any complaints?]

???: [Of course, is that not obviously a given?]

Sitting in a luxurious dragon carriage and resting his head on his knees, Subaru retorted with those words to the Emperor whose cruelty was beyond compare, the one who had asked something so obvious.

The black-haired Emperor, shrugging slightly at Subaru’s objection,

Vincent: [You must be aware of your own circumstances, which are not only complicated, but even ominous, no?]

Subaru: [Ominous is an exaggeration. I am aware of my complicated position, and I feel that I should repay how you have overlooked that for me in some way. But that said…”]

Vincent: [――]

Subaru: [Separating me from Rem, and then taking me so far away is another story altogether!]

Exploding with such displeasure, Subaru was currently accompanying Vincent on an expedition.

Kafma had turned up at Berstetz’s mansion and had brought Subaru to the castle. With as few words as always, Vincent had arrogantly decreed, “Accompany me on my travels.”

Before he realized it, he was carried away just like that and put in a dragon carriage, and now he was here.

Subaru: [Kafma-san said that Your Excellency the Emperor would inform me of anything I needed to know, without hiding anything, and yet?]

Vincent: [Kafma Irulux’s remark was correct. I shall not hesitate to disclose any information that is necessary.]

Subaru: [But despite that, other than that our destination is a city called Chaosflame, I have not heard anything else?]

Vincent: [Is it necessary? For you to have more information than that?]

Subaru: [Of course it is!]

Going on an expedition while knowing nothing but the destination was like a variety show of a bygone era. It would be impossible to do now due to compliance violations of the modern age, as well as due to fears that they might be forced to do hard labour overseas; it could be considered close to a modern shady part-time job.

In either case, it would be out of line ethically.

However, instigator in question, the Emperor himself, sniffed softly,

Vincent: [Looking at your current appearance, I cannot believe that you harbor any anxiety over the future.]

He had declared so indifferently, without hesitation.

Subaru understood what Vincent wanted to say. He was probably referring to what was reflected in his black eyes: the current Subaru―― nay, Natsumi Schwartz.

He was wearing a beautiful long black wig and a red toned military uniform styled to conceal his figure. His makeup was flawless, and he appeared as a perfected lady from any angles.

Subaru/Schwartz: [However, I cannot say I like when people point at me and say suggestive things.]

Vincent: […Is there any point in continuing to put up that act before me, when I know your true identity?]

Subaru/Schwartz: [You can never know when you might be found out. Is this not a good thing? They say that God is in the details, which means devoting yourself with sincerity.]

Vincent: [――――]

Subaru/Schwartz: [To begin with, the reason I am accompanying you like this as Natsumi Schwartz is to comply with the wishes of Your Excellency the Emperor. The circumstances are what they are, but I simply cannot leave any records of myself being involved in something such as a civil war of the Empire.]

Subaru/Schwartz did not know every detail about the friction between the two nations, but he knew that so-called intervention in another country’s domestic affairs and collaboration across national borders could invite bad things, even if it were good deeds, depending on the situation.

Put simply, a Knight with ties to the Kingdom lending a helping hand to the Empire when it is in a crisis―― the difference between a fairy tale and the story of reality was that such a moving tale was inexcusable.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Therefore, I am Natsumi Schwartz.]

Vincent: [――. If you possess no doubts about yourself, I care not. As long as you work properly, I do not intend on putting fetters on any individual hobbies or tastes.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Hobbies…?]

Vincent: [I do not intend to engage in trivial questioning . You were the one who requested an explanation. If you were that damnable Ubilk, he would not have asked anything, but I suppose you are not.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [It troubles me that you put me alongside that person of ambiguous station. Speaking of, who is that person really? A pro jester beside a medieval king who relieves their boredom?]

Vincent: [It is true that that thing is a jester, but its role is not to stave off my boredom. Of course, the role I expect of you is the same. It was he who nominated you for this expedition after all.]

Subaru/Schwartz: […Ubilk-san, nominated me?]

Recalling the face of the frivolous, effeminate man, Subaru/Schwartz tilted his head.

From the beginning, Ubilk had acted with a mysterious sense of distance toward Subaru/Schwartz. Even more baffling was the reactions of Vincent and other authorities who allowed Ubilk to have an influential voice. Stargazer, that was how Ubilk was addressed. ――If that role was a prophetic position as Subaru/Schwartz vaguely conjectured, then it was a common trope in the settings of fantasy stories.

The problem was that there was a good chance there were actual prophets in this world, and according to words of the effeminate man suspected to be a prophet, he feared they might also suspect him to be one of them as well.

Subaru/Schwartz: [I just cannot believe it is the same thing, but it is frustrating that I cannot explain the reason why.]

Subaru/Schwartz’s Return by Death can, in other words, be said to be seen as anticipating the future.

There was a part of Subaru/Schwartz that thought of it as simply cheating the future, but when he learned of approaching threats through Return by Death and worked out the means to avoid them, it was not very strange that others would think he appeared to be a prophet.

Subaru/Schwartz: [In fact, a bewitching and beautiful prophetess buttering up a powerful individual is a classic among classics. Still, it would be problematic to be misunderstood. …As it is, Return by Death has been behaving oddly.]

The grumbling by Subaru/Schwartz was concerned with the strange phenomenon that was occurring to Return by Death.

Subaru/Schwartz had repeated Return by Death many times before encountering Vincent in the Crystal Palace, but the reason this happened was not only because of the Empire’s national character that did not hesitate to kill, but also because the interval of time between when he died and when he restarted had been so limited.

Of course, the closer the restart point was to Death, the fewer options he had, and the less time there was to enact a plan. The result was that Subaru/Schwartz had experienced many horrific Deaths. This mysterious anomaly that had arisen in Return by Death―― Subaru/Schwartz suspected it might be connected to this not being the Kingdom of Lugunica, but rather the Vollachian Empire.

Subaru/Schwartz: [I do not particularly want to put stock in Echidna’s, or rather that ill-natured Witch’s observation, however…]

If it was the Witch of Envy who made Subaru/Schwartz Return by Death, then the physical distance between the Witch sealed in the eastern end of the Kingdom and Subaru in the Empire had widened. If he considered it simply, then could it not be said that it was becoming harder for the Authority of the Witch to reach him?

If so, then what would happen to Subaru/Schwartz’s Return by Death if, for example, he were to lose his life on the western edge of the Kararagi City-States, the Great Nation of the west? ――He had no means to test it, and did not want to find out.

Subaru/Schwartz: [At any rate, I am being brought here even to the point of separating me from Rem. Then at the very least, I want to do my job. Even if it is annoying, please give me an explanation.]

Vincent: [You issue orders to me, whilst knowing I am the Emperor? I was the one who said that keeping up that clumsy respect was unnecessary, but you have switched quite quickly.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [So far, it seems unlikely that I’ll be killed by a guillotine.]

Vincent: [Guillotine, huh? ――It is ironic that I am reminded of Magrizza’s Guillotine here.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――?]

Vincent: [That was an unnecessary remark. ――My goal in having you accompany me to the Demon City is not complicated. It is to speak with Yorna Mishigure, one of the Nine Divine Generals.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Yorna Mishigure… If I recall, she is nicknamed the Flamboyant.]

Subaru/Schwartz put the results of him diligently gathering intelligence rather than just playing around into words. With a face that held no real emotion toward that, Vincent said nothing and calmly lowered his chin.

Subaru thought it was likely that the attitude of this Emperor who was truly inept at meeting the needs of his subordinates for approval might have been the cause as for why the person known as Goz had rebelled.

Putting Subaru’s suspicions aside, Vincent began to speak matter-of-factly.

What he said was――,

Vincent: [Arakiya, whom I had sent to suppress the rebels, has not returned. We should assume that in all likelihood, she has either been killed or detained.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――Hk, Arakiya-chan might have!?]

As this unexpected news was announced, Subaru/Schwartz opened his eyes adorned with straightened lashes in surprise.

Although he had not had a chance to meet Arakiya since that first day, he had felt a one-sided sense of gratitude toward her. ――This was because when Subaru/Schwartz had encountered Vincent, given his name, and the table for negotiations had been laid out, he had asked via Vincent to ensure Rem’s safety, and it was Arakiya who had accomplished this brilliantly.

If Rem had been discovered by any of the individuals who had mercilessly taken Subaru/Schwartz’s life, an unforgivable disaster may have befallen her by now.

That was why Subaru/Schwartz thought of Arakiya as someone he was indebted to.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Why did you not tell me!?]

Vincent: [There should be no expectation I would. She is a General First-Class of the Empire, her actions are a state secret. Think of me informing you like this now as an exception.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――――]

Vincent: [Since the First cannot be used now for various reasons, Arakiya, who is the Second, was the strongest military force of the Empire. If it has become the case that Arakiya can no longer be used, we need the Nine Divine Generals to be cautious in expressing their positions, including on the matter of Goz Ralfon.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [For that reason…]

Vincent: [Exactly.]

Vincent nodded, arms crossed, as Subaru/Schwartz lowered his head.

In his chest, his heart was resounding coldly in pain, and even now, he still could not fully process the misfortune that had befallen Arakiya.

He could understand Vincent’s point. However, what if Vincent had shared the truth with him immediately as soon as something had happened to Arakiya?

Subaru/Schwartz: [With Return by Death…]

He might have been able to save Arakiya.

Given the matter of her safety was unknown, he knew it was a premature conclusion, but Subaru/Schwartz could not help but have the possibility flash through his mind.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Besides, regarding the individual known as Yorna Mishigure, as far as I know…]

Vincent: [She has raised rebellions against me twice in the past.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Right!? With such circumstances, is it fine for you to meet such a person face-to-face?]

Subaru/Schwartz had learned over the past few days that Vincent Vollachia’s reign had already lasted eight years, apparently being an exceptionally peaceful era in the history of the Empire up to now, and Vincent was called the Wise Emperor by his subjects, gaining their approval.

During Vincent’s reign, there was one person not easily swayed, raising rebellions in the true sense of the word, and repeatedly clashing with him: Yorna Mishigure, the Flamboyant.

Subaru/Schwartz: [As far as I know, would they not clearly be the kind of person who would take advantage of this situation?]

Vincent: [To make certain of this, is the reason why I am going myself. That is all.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [The one with an irreplaceable position taking the initiative… the spirit of the Empire, it is quite impressive.]

As Subaru/Schwartz’s shoulders drooped in dejection, Vincent said “ Speerit ?” with a reaction like he was stuck on a word he was not used to hearing.

To exact a modicum of revenge, Subaru/Schwartz decided to not translate the modern language unless asked, and looking out the window of the moving dragon carriage, he kept the work that was expected of him in the Demon City locked up tight in his heart.

Putting aside the expectations of the recommender, Ubilk, Vincent’s expectations of Subaru/Schwartz were, to put it bluntly, more or less as that of a backup plan.

He was unsure the extent of which the achievements of Subaru/Schwartz of the Kingdom of Lugunica were known in the Vollachian Empire, but no matter what embellished or exaggerated rumors had spread, anyone who saw the real Subaru/Schwartz would surely be disappointed to learn that he was not such an outstanding person.

On the other hand, if the facts connected to those deeds cannot be ignored, it could be said that the best role he can be expected to fulfill is that of being a backup plan.

Thus, Subaru/Schwartz wanted to slap his cheeks, but stopped, afraid of possibly ruining his makeup. Instead, while brushing his long, lustrous hair in a feminine manner,

Subaru/Schwartz: [I understand, Your Excellency the Emperor. For now, I shall do everything within my power to bring you back unharmed to the Imperial Capital no matter what happens. Being the back-up is my specialty!]

Vincent: [――. I have no idea what in the world has gotten you so fired up, but endeavor to do so with all you have. Do not forget that what is precious to you is being kept hostage at Berstetz’s manor.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [You do not need to go out of your way to threaten me; Emilia-tan, Beako, and Rem are constantly in the back of my mind at all times!]

He had just started to build up his motivation without any such threats, and yet now His Excellency the Emperor had unnecessarily dampened that motivation. ――Given that he angered the kind Goz Ralfon who was so well-regarded, perhaps it was Vincent’s fault after all.

With that tinge of anxiety in his chest, Subaru/Schwartz completed his journey to his destination of the Demon City Chaosflame with no complications.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Enemy of my late sister ――Black haired, black-eyed, traveler !!]

She had been a woman with the tips of her black hair dyed blue, and a brave yet fierce hatred within her eyes.

Immediately after the string of her bow that she had drawn back with great force had bent, and the sound of it cutting through the air had been heard, Subaru/Schwartz had been sent flying away from beside the Emperor’s shoulder, and his side had been pulverized by the arrow.

Subaru/Schwartz: [――Guh.]

The welling blood filled his throat, and Subaru/Schwartz fell as he experienced the sensation of drowning.

Witnessing this scene, the Emperor who had been protected ――Vincent Vollachia, grimaced as he rushed to Subaru/Schwartz, whose blood spread upon the bare earth.

Vincent: [Natsumi Schwartz! You… are out of character…!]

Subaru/Schwartz: [You say… that it is… out of character… It is my… motto to do one good deed a day…]

Vincent: [Even now, you do not stop running your mouth… Tch, this is a severe injury.]

Placing his hands over the open wound to try and stop the oozing blood, and then perceiving that the flesh of the side he touched was not all there, Subaru/Schwartz regretted his awareness of his wound.

The side of his abdomen had been blown away. No matter how he looked at it, it was a fatal wound, one he could not expect to survive. However, Vincent picked up Subaru/Schwartz’s body, and began to move.

Subaru/Schwartz: [What… are you doing… If you do not… run…]

Vincent: [I have no objections. Hence, I am doing exactly that. You can just admire the sky.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [The sky… Your unnecessary comments… just make my injuries worse…]

While he answered with a hollow voice, Subaru/Schwartz looked up into the skies of Chaosflame.

The city of Chaosflame was unique in how the great diversity of tribes that lived in the Demon City and all their respective architectural styles had become intertwined as if they had forgotten the spirit of compromise, with their implementation of urban development like a potpourri. ――Now, it was a mere shadow of its former self.

What swept across the city now was not a scene of the liberation of freedoms accumulated on top of each other, but a battle of transcendent beings beyond all human understanding that demolished, twisted, and shattered those streets.

???: [Kakakakka! I never thought we’d clash like this, Araki!]

???: [If you don’t like it, back off.]

???: [Are you giving orders like you own this city? Who do you think is the lord of this place?]

Numerous flaming explosions spread throughout the air, and the shadow of a monstrous old man used the roof of a building as a foothold as he soared about. Flying after him in pursuit was a doggirl whose legs below the knees had been replaced with flames. And the two who were clashing together were interrupted by a courtesan-like foxperson who used an undulating steel tower as a foothold to remold the town――,

――The Vicious Old Man, Olbart Dunkelkenn.

――The Spirit Eater, Arakiya.

――The Flamboyant, Yorna Mishigure.

Known for their unrivaled prowess, these fierce warriors were among the apex of the Vollachian Empire, the Nine Divine Generals.

All three were a part of different camps, and their battle unfolded upon the stage of Chaosflame.

Vincent: [Certainly, I never thought Arakiya would join them. ――Not foreseeing her participation, was mine own error.]

Bathed in waves of heat and force that churned through the atmosphere, Vincent ran through the rough streets while carrying Subaru/Schwartz, in an attempt to get away from the battlefield.

The strongest asset that Vincent had brought with him to the Demon City was Olbart, who had no leeway to pay attention to them, laughing as he aimed for the lives of the two women.

Meanwhile, the mistress of the Demon City, Yorna, was working to fulfill her duty of nonaggressive defense.

Finally, Arakiya, who had been sent out to suppress the rebels, but had been believed to be lost in action, was――,

???: [――Vincent Vollachia!]

Vincent: [――――]

His name called out, Vincent stopped in his tracks and turned around.

Ahead of him, the owner of that voice stood motionless atop the rubble of a collapsed building. ――Oddly enough, it was a slender man with black hair adorned in red attire, just like Vincent. However, he hid his true identity with a mask that resembled the face of an Oni, and was the leader of the rebels.

This man in the oni mask, who was believed to have conspired with General First-Class Goz Ralfon and intended to take Vincent’s throne, had paid a visit at the same time as Vincent and Subaru/Schwartz had arrived in Chaosflame to inquire as to the intentions of Yorna, the Seventh.

And then, he tried to invite Yorna to become his ally in the war that he led to steal the country.

Needless to say, they could not afford for negotiations between Yorna and the man in the oni mask and his party to go well. Subaru/Schwartz and the rest had to obstruct the negotiations, and headed to the location of the discussions――,

Vincent: [What do you call yourself, you traitor?]

Masked Man: [――Abel. My current self, is Abel.]

As he confronted Vincent, the man in the oni mask―― Abel, declared his name, and the air was set alight.

The heat of the tense atmosphere between them emitted a scorching aroma, and the fighting spirit of Abel, accompanied by Arakiya, who had supposedly disappeared, caused the Demon City to collapse.

If it was the case that Yorna Mishigure, taking an uncertain position, would not declare her position in joining either the Emperor or the rebels, then the best policy was to ensure that she would not fall to the other side.

The moment that possibility passed, the battle between those transcendental beings had begun.

Vincent: [Abel…]

Vincent narrowed his eyes, and uttered the name as if to confirm it.

Having lost copious amounts of blood, Subaru/Schwartz was on the brink of losing his life; he had no way of guessing what was going through Vincent’s mind right now.

However, Abel’s other companion did not overlook that moment of hesitation.

???: [――――]

As Vincent faced Abel, a merciless assassin jumped out from behind some rubble to his rear, sneaking up on him without any sound or presence.

He aimed his axe at the neck of the motionless Vincent from behind――,

???: [――Your Excellency!!]

Just before the axe could sever Vincent’s slender neck, it was intercepted by a fierce surge of purple thorns.

The one who had raised his voice, saving the Emperor from the surprise attack, while bleeding profusely all over his body, was Kafma. Kafma, the final member of Vincent’s escorts, had put to good use the special characteristics of the Insect Cage Tribe, using the insects he had taken into his body to pursue the enemies who had attempted to commit regicide against the Emperor.

However――,

???: [OOORAAAA!!]

The enemy jumped and ducked, avoiding the extending thorny whips, and a new figure landed beside him, swinging the two longswords in his hands, cutting the thorns head-on and mowing down the threat.

They were a man wearing a bandana with an axe and a rough-looking dual-wielding swordsman with a patch over his right eye. ――Both were members of the rebels who had accompanied Abel.

Bandana Man: [――My bad, my bad.]

Rough Man: [Tch! Oi, don’t mess up your only skill!]

Bandana Man: [Saying it’s my only skill hurts, you know? But your backup saved me. Can I continue to count on you?]

Rough Man: [You’re a hopeless bastard. ――General Second-Class, Kafma Irulux. For an opponent, I can’t complain.]

The dual-wielding swordsman laughed as he cracked his neck, and the man in the bandana beside him turned his frigid eyes toward Vincent and Subaru/Schwartz. As if to block their view, a battered Kafma stood between the two enemies and Vincent.

Kafma: [Please leave this place to me! Your Excellency, take Miss Schwartz!]

Vincent: [Do not overextend yourself. Olbart’s hands are tied. There are also the eyes of the Shudraq.]

Kafma: [I understand, sir! …I will not let the lives saved by Miss Schwartz, let alone His Excellency Vincent, be scattered in vain!]

Kafma, wounded all over his body, took on his task with vigor, and so Vincent left that situation to him, and began to run.

This time, he was prepared to leave no matter what Abel said, and perhaps because he understood this, Abel did not say anything more atop the rubble. With that, the two enemies vying for the throne departed that place.

And then――,

Vincent: [――Natsuki Subaru, Stargazer of the Kingdom. If you were to die, I know not with what to fill this gap. Therefore…]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――Ugh.]

The battlefield was far off, and as he heard his ears ring loudly, yet the sound of his heartbeat grow quiet in contrast, Subaru/Schwartz saw Vincent put his hands to his own face.

As Vincent shut his eyes like that, despite his consciousness fading to white, Subaru/Schwartz suddenly realized something. ――Until now, he had never once seen Vincent close both of his eyes.

But then, those thoughts immediately vanished due to a series of strange occurrences.

Vincent: [――Mask of the Blue.]

As he murmured that, Vincent’s face peeled off before the eyes of Subaru/Schwartz.

While producing a sound that would make one wince just from hearing it, like flesh tearing off the bone, like skin tearing off from flesh, Vincent’s face peeled off.

The flayed face of Vincent, pulled off like a “mask”, slowly disintegrated in his hands and turned to dust.

Subaru: [――――]

The scene was just like a nightmare during a restless night, or a glitch in one’s brain as they were about to face Death. However, the Emperor, now stripped of his face, brought his other hand to his face and put on the next “mask”.

The next moment, Vincent’s body made a noise, his skeleton began to thin, and his height began to shrink. Not only that, but his hair color and style, that form was slowly remade――,

Subaru/Schwartz: […Ferris?]

A beat later, standing there was a distinctive face he recognized, with adorable features and cat ears, who should have been constantly attending to his lord in the Kingdom of Lugunica; it was the form of Ferris.

Subaru: [――――]

――Vincent had turned into Ferris.

Subaru/Schwartz was left speechless by that sight, which could only be described in such a manner. However, the person in question paid no heed to Subaru/Schwartz’s confusion, placing a pale hand over his wound.

Immediately after, a faint light flowed out, and the side of Subaru/Schwartz that had been blown away began to heal. ――That transcendental healing power that seemed to turn back time was unmistakably Ferris’s.

The flesh near at the opening of the wound swelled, and the restoration of his internal organs and muscle fibers commenced. The blood that had poured out did not return, but his body, being invigorated, entered a phase of blood production, and his circulation remarkably improved.

His consciousness, which should have been fading, began to steadily regain its color, and Subaru/Schwartz ――no, Natsuki Subaru, while still pretending to be a woman, reached up with his hand to the shoulder before him.

He grabbed that thin shoulder and pulled it close, and glaring at the person healing him,

Subaru: [You… Are you, Capella?]

“Ferris”: [For what reason, such doubts have arisen, I cannot fathom, but… no.]

That face and voice were Ferris’s own, and yet the language was that of Vincent. Subaru’s breath caught at that sense of incongruity and he slowly shook his head.

In the instant Ferris lowered his gaze, cracks suddenly formed across his face.

Subaru: [――Hk!]

The cracks began on the cheeks, and then expanded bit by bit, slowly damaging Ferris’s sweet face.

“Ferris”: [I shall use the stagnant Mana within you that has had no place to go. If things had continued this way, the plug would have failed and burst anyways. I shall hear no complaints.]

However, seeming to feel no pain himself, and paying Subaru’s reaction of astonishment no heed, the fake Ferris ignored the cracks on his face and continued to heal Subaru’s side.

The faint light of recovery, healed, healed, healed the wounds, and shortly――,

“Ferris”: [It is done.]

As soon as he stated that, the cracks reached the entirety of the face of the fake Ferris.

Just as the peeled face of Vincent had turned to dust before, the face of the fake Ferris also crumbled from the edges, becoming dust as well.

Although his wounds had been healed and his life had been saved, Subaru could only lie there while facing a nightmare not all that different from one that had threatened his life before.

From beneath the face of the fake Ferris that flaked away, a new face ――neither Vincent nor the fake Ferris, but instead an unknown face emerged. ――No, it was not unknown to him.

Once before, only for a brief moment, had Subaru caught a glimpse of that face.

Since he had been in the middle of a crisis, he had not questioned that optical illusion very deeply, but he had seen that face in a mirror in the Imperial Residence.

A tall figure with long white hair and white skin that seemed to have lost all of their color, while his whole body was composed of simply white, only his irises sparkled with the hue of gold. This person was――,

Pale Man: [――Chisha Gold.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Chisha: [You seem to have confused me with another individual, therefore I responded.]

A man of nothing but white appeared ――introducing himself as Chisha Gold, Subaru belatedly realized this was his answer to Subaru’s mention of Capella earlier.

That power, which allowed him to transform his appearance to someone else in front of Subaru’s very eyes, and even heal a fatal wound in the form of Ferris, was no mere imitation or disguise.

Subaru: [Wait, Chisha Gold, isn’t that one of the Nine Divine Generals…]

Chisha: [Allow me to confirm that. I have been bestowed with the rank of the Fourth, of the Nine Divine Generals, and therefore I am made to serve to the best of my meager ability as a General First-Class of the Empire.]

Subaru: […Are you, the Emperor’s body double?]

Chisha: [When emergencies arise. That said, that would not be correct in this case. The most suitable way to describe me currently, that would be――]

In front of Subaru, frozen and wide-eyed, Chisha, with his only dress still being the clothes of the Emperor, narrowed his golden eyes with an expression full of hard to read emotions, and made a declaration.

Chisha: [――Usurper of the throne of the Vollachian Empire, and rebel who mocks the Sword Wolf.]

That was truly the first meeting of Natsuki Subaru and the White Spider, Chisha Gold. ――It was the true first meeting of those two, who by all rights should have never had their destinies converge, companions who would deceive fate.

△▼△▼△▼△

Chisha explained that his power to change his form was called Noh. [2]

He said that its detailed principles were difficult to explain, but by stealing the color of a target he wanted to become and wearing the “mask” produced, he could take on their very identity itself.

Using this, Chisha had acted as the Emperor in the guise of Vincent Vollachia, and even completely healed Subaru’s wounds using the “mask” of Ferris, whom he had a previous connection with.

Hearing this explanation, for now, Subaru was simply relieved to confirm that Chisha was not the Sin Archbishop of Lust, Capella, but another thought crossed his mind.

Subaru: [If I’m not mistaken, doesn’t this mean that that Goz Ralfon person who’s being held as a rebel got in your way because he figured out you replaced the Emperor?]

Chisha: [I shall confirm that. General First-Class Goz is the most loyal and brave man in the Empire, therefore he will not listen to me no matter what I say if he knows I am against the Emperor. Thus, there was no other choice but to temporarily remove him from the board as I did.]

Subaru: [Of course, I had a feeling! No wonder, no matter how much information I gathered, I could only come to the conclusion that this Goz person wasn’t someone who would betray the Emperor. In reality, he didn’t betray him!]

Snapping his fingers, Subaru smiled in satisfaction that he was correct in his thinking. ――But after a moment of gratification, that smile faded.

After all, Chisha had clearly told Subaru. ――He was the usurper of the throne, and the mastermind of a rebellion that was causing the Vollachian Empire to fall into chaos and futility.

Subaru: […If it’s the way of the Empire that the strong preying on the weak is allowed, is challenging the Emperor, challenging Vincent Vollachia, due to your ambition as a man of the Empire?]

Chisha: [Hmm, I do wonder what you think about that. My motive, is it ambition?]

Subaru: [――. I think that’s probably incorrect.]

In the first place, if the way of the Vollachian Empire was such that by defeating Vincent with his own hands, Chisha could replace the summit of the country of the Sword Wolves, then it was a flawed system. Despite that, Chisha had taken the form of Vincent, hidden the absence of the Emperor, and maintained that situation.

There was no sense of sincerity toward a simplistic objective like usurping the throne in that.

Subaru: […Ultimately, your goal isn’t the throne… but I can’t figure out the rest.]

Chisha: [I inquire of you, is that the result of you listening to the words of Observers in the heavens above―― of the Stars?]

Subaru: [The stars? …No, I mean I like stars, but I’ve never been able to speak with them. That was just my impression based on experience and my idealistic desire.]

Chisha: [Desire, you say.]

Subaru: [Yeah, desire. The hope that the person I defended to the point of having my side blown off isn’t a complete villain, and the desire that the person who healed that blown away side isn’t a complete fiend.]

He was aware that both of those were somewhat fragile lifelines to fully depend on. But Subaru had faith that the Chisha who had saved him and even purposefully revealed top-secret information would not do something so meaningless as suddenly changing his mind and attacking him.

In response to Subaru’s convenient question, Chisha calmly lowered his chin, and,

Chisha: [In order to save the Empire from a future of ruin, I am employing the necessary means.]

Subaru: […Shouldn’t that be something you do together with the Emperor?]

Chisha: [His Excellency Vincent is an extraordinarily wise individual, however he is someone who knows not how to change his mind after he has made a decision. There is no doubt it shall be the most efficient method, and the one that shall deplete the fewest resources, therefore no one can defy His Excellency.]

Subaru: [But you… Chisha Gold, you disagree, is that right?]

Chisha: [Indeed.]

As Chisha nodded in agreement, Subaru touched his own side, and thought it over.

By saving Subaru with his trump card, Chisha had exposed his own schemes. If there was some lie or artifice there, Subaru could not maliciously doubt him. There was nothing about Subaru worth devoting that hand just to lay a trap for him.

From beginning to end, Chisha saw value in and had determined the Emperor and Empire as that which must be saved.

His actions that no one could comprehend stood upon two pillars of certainty.

Subaru: [There’s just one thing I want to confirm.]

Chisha: [If it is something I can answer, I do not mind.]

Subaru: [That Noh, it’s the power to change into another person, but is it something that can be used anytime, or any number of times?]

Chisha: [――I am afraid, I must deny that.]

Chisha informed him of this in a hushed voice, and Subaru sighed with an “I thought so.”

The “mask” of Vincent he had torn off and the “mask” of Ferris that had cracked, both had vanished in the end by turning into dust. He had a sense that it had been something that should be called a disappearance or loss, that it was not the type of ability where it could be used over and over again; somehow he had possessed that intuition.

Chisha’s goal was the existence of Vincent Vollachia.

For that purpose, Chisha, who had been wearing the “mask” of Vincent, put on the “mask” of Ferris that could heal even fatal wounds with its vast restorative power, and relinquished both “masks”.

One that was essential for that goal, and one that could become an emergency trump card, respectively.

If he had gone that far to save his life, it would be impossible for Natsuki Subaru. ――Impossible for him to not feel any sort of gratitude toward the one who did so.

Subaru: [Please, tell me more, Chisha-san.]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [I don’t believe you did something like this on a whim or for show. ――If there is a future of ruin approaching like you said, it’s not just someone else’s problem. After all, my Rem has been taken hostage in this country. I’m also someone who has a reason to do something about the Empire.]

More than aware of that unreasonable logic, Subaru declared this to Chisha.

If there was ruin on the horizon that Vincent Vollachia, renowned as the Wise Emperor, and Chisha Gold, who was clearly clever, were both trying to oppose, then surely there would be an opportunity for Subaru with his meager power to assist them. ――No, Subaru would go and seize such an opportunity with his own limbs.

That was because――,

Chisha: [――The Great Disaster.]

Subaru: [ Great Disaster … as in a large calamity?] [3]

To Subaru, who ruminated over that murmur, Chisha nodded in confirmation with a “Yes”.

A large calamity ――For a description of the apparent future of ruin awaiting the Vollachian Empire, there was probably no more suitable name.

Having said that, Chisha looked straight at Subaru and continued.

His face lacked all color, yet his voice harbored a certain fervor.

Chisha: [I shall take measures to save the Vollachian Empire from this Great Disaster. Therefore, there is a board and pieces I must set up for that purpose.]

Subaru: [I understand.]

He had decided his position. As it happened, the journey to find out where Yorna Mishigure’s heart lay now brought Subaru a similar chance to decide.

He was deeply concerned over Emilia, Beatrice, and everyone else in the Kingdom. He wanted to see everyone again soon. Even though she had no Memories, he wanted to have them all meet the awakened Rem.

However, whether he wanted to or not, he could not abandon the Vollachian Empire and Chisha.

Subaru: [There is no way I can’t, so I’ll help too. ――Bring it on, O inevitable fate.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Excuse me, Governor, could you please not make me repeat myself? This is a direct order from His Excellency the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia!]

???: [I understand your grievances. However, I have been given peremptory orders in my capacity, and am in the position of assuming the responsibility of the governor of this island. I cannot make a decision so lightly concerning an action that twists the enforced traditions.]

???: [Urghh! You rockhead! Big head! Who do you take me for!? I am the woman who will be His Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia’s Empress!]

With a big thump on his artificial chest, Natsuki Subaru―― no, having become Natsumi Schwartz once again, Subaru/Schwartz boldly spread such false information.

In front of Subaru/Schwartz, who was shamelessly using such means, was a person with such a scary face that a child remembering it during the night might be unable to get up to go to the bathroom: Gustav Morello, who had closed his mouth that his fangs protruded from and crossed his four burly arms with a stern look.

With a physique like a professional wrestler, blue skin, and more arms than the usual two, Gustav was from a race of demi-humans known as the Multi-Arm Tribe.

However, to Subaru/Schwartz, the most important thing about him was his position, which was――,

???: [――Governer of the Gladiator Island Ginunhive, Gustav Morello-dono.]

Gustav: [Correct, that is my title. I thank you for the reminder, General First-Class Chisha Gold.]

Chisha: [No, that should be my line. Or rather, I purposefully called you such because I wanted the individual I brought with me to understand.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Mmm, what do you mean by that General First-Class Chisha? Surely you, no more than a mere General, are not criticizing me, one who receives the affection of His Excellency? You are forgetting your position, no?]

Closing his fan with a snap, Subaru/Schwartz scowled at the pale face sitting across from him―― the profile of Chisha’s face, and haughtily declared so. Gustav raised his brows that lacked eyebrows at those words, but the one in question, Chisha, shrugged his shoulders with an unconcerned look, and,

Chisha: [It is criticism, I suppose. Simply put, Governor Gustav’s stance is an expression of his sincere attempt to fulfill the orders of His Excellency the Emperor… in other words, it is nothing but devotion to His Excellency whom Natsumi-sama loves and reveres. It is my humble belief that those who would not understand this would not be acting in accordance with His Excellency’s wishes.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Nnn…!]

His face turned red with anger, and Subaru/Schwartz’s lips trembled. Toward that behavior, Chisha shut one eye and looked at Gustav, seeing the Governor had clenched his hands at the ends of his crossed arms into fists, then moved them behind his back as if to hide those fists, and gave a small cough.

If one thought this was deserved, then Gustav had a surprisingly good personality. ――Subaru/Schwartz was also putting in a lot of effort, and playing the role of an unpleasant villainess was worth it.

Chisha, who was sincerely close to the hearts of the soldiers in the field, and the Empress Consort candidate who was ignorant of the realities of the field, Subaru/Schwartz. This carrot-and-stick (Subaru/Schwartz) strategy was necessary to put a stop to the steady expansion of the rebel’s might and increase the odds of the Emperor’s side winning.

――It had been some time since Subaru and Chisha united under an alliance to oppose the Great Disaster.

The strife in the Demon City of Chaosflame had subsided, and Olbart and Kafma had somehow managed to survive. Arakiya and the two men led by Abel also withdrew, and the battle ended in a draw.

However, Yorna Mishigure, with her stronghold in Chaosflame, announced her intention to take neither the Emperor’s nor the rebel’s side, and elected to erect defensive lines around the crumbling Demon City and seclude herself there.

In the end, part of Subaru’s abdomen had been blown off and Chisha had lost the “mask” of Vincent that had been essential to his plans; it could be said that all had been in vain.

Subaru: [To make matters worse, Berstetz-san had Madelyn-chan assault a place called the Fortress City without permission…If Berstetz-san knows that Chisha-san’s disguised as the Emperor, shouldn’t you be more in sync with each other?]

Chisha: [Unfortunately, while I am in agreement with Prime Minister Berstetz on our course of action, there are issues we are fundamentally incompatible on. Ultimately, that elder is nothing more than a Sword Wolf of the Empire, and therefore there is a risk that our final conclusions shall clash in the end. As such…]

Subaru: [Might as well ignore it until there’s a conflict at the very last minute and continue as usual?]

Chisha: [Currently, we are busy handling the growing momentum of the rebels. For now, I think we can assume Prime Minister Berstetz shall have no room to take notice of you or me.]

Chisha’s opinion could be called wishful thinking in such a hopeless situation.

Berstetz, who was surprisingly quite hot-blooded despite his appearance and demeanor, had commenced an assault upon the rebel stronghold in the Fortress City the minute he had heard of the turmoil in Chaosflame.

The Fortress City was almost annihilated by a one-sided aerial onslaught by a flock of flying dragons commanded by Madelyn. There were also rumors that the insurgents had abandoned their base and scattered, but the one who brought them together, Abel―― the true Emperor, according to Chisha, would not be defeated so easily.

Abel and his allies spread rumors that the Emperor in the Imperial Capital was a fraud, throwing the public opinion into chaos. The best way to deny this was none other than to have Vincent Vollachia appear before the masses, but Chisha, who had lost the “mask” of the Emperor, could not do so.

As such, they could only respond to the situation by denying the rumors of the rebels with words and arresting those spreading such rumors as a way to deal with it.

In addition, the difference in military strength between the Imperial Army and the rebels was becoming a bit of a problem.

Chisha: [Even though he managed to survive, I anticipate it shall be some time before General Second-Class Kafma will return to the front lines. General First-Class Olbart also lost one of his arms, and failing to ally ourselves with General First-Class Yorna was a serious blow.]

Subaru: [Olbart-san, huh…]

Chisha: [I do not believe you need to wear such a gloomy face. Without your quick wit and advice, it is very likely that General First-Class Olbart would have lost more than a single arm, and General Second-Class Kafma would have lost his life. If the two of them had fallen, I am not sure we would have returned safely.]

Chisha consoled Subaru, whose face had become depressed, but his complicated feelings remained. In the unexpected struggle of life and death at Chaosflame, he had gotten mixed up in a battle between transcendent beings who did not know the meaning of restraint, and had ended up accumulating many Return by Deaths.

The most shocking occurrence of all, was that Olbart, the man called the Third who was supposed to be ranked number three in the Empire, had lost his life on several occasions from surprise attacks in the middle of the battle with Arakiya. Similar predicaments had befallen Kafma, and Subaru had attempted to prevent it over and over again.

Subaru: [Each and every time, that bandana bastard…]

Often it was Arakiya’s strike that took Olbart or Kafma’s life in the end. And yet, it was always that bandana bastard who made the decisive blow that created those situations.

The reason he could only call him names that sounded like insults was because despite repeatedly Returning by Death and clashing with him, he had been that thorough in not disclosing any information about himself. The bandana bastard had never let his name be called out, even by the rough-looking twin-sword wielder who seemed to be his partner.

In all honesty, he was shocked that Arakiya, who he had considered someone he was indebted to, had turned against them, and he could not conceal the shivers of fear he felt when he thought of her dreadful power as the second strongest in the Empire.

And yet, strangely enough, Subaru was more afraid of that bandana bastard than Arakiya.

A man with total murderous intent and eyes so lacking in warmth it was creepy―― where could the Emperor, chased from his throne by Chisha and reduced to a rebel, have found such a man and enticed him into supporting him.

In any case――,

Chisha: [Simply Arakiya alone as an enemy, would be liable to nullify numerical advantages on the battlefield.]

Subaru: [What nonsense… is of course what I wouldn’t say after seeing the battle in Chaosflame. Such absurd power, how in the world did Arakiya-chan…?]

Chisha: [I can only say that such is her lineage, however, her title as the Second is not merely for show. In addition, although there is not much information to go on, it appears the rebels have received strong reinforcements.]

Subaru: [Arakiya-chan alone was already way too much of a problem, and yet… Hey, isn’t there too much resentment toward Emperor Vincent-san? Will it be okay to return his throne to him?]

Chisha: [I calculate that I will be able to balance things out in the end.]

He would like to believe it since that calculating Chisha said so, but why did he keep dodging Subaru’s questions regarding the Emperor’s humanity?

If the conduct and speech of Chisha when he was wearing the “mask” of the Emperor were the conduct and speech of the actual Emperor himself, it was easy to understand the reasons why he was reluctant to speak about it. Perhaps Vincent Vollachia was such a brilliant man that mere words cannot do him justice. Those beneath him sure had it rough.

Subaru: [So, what do we do? We could put out some kind of cool announcement, to focus the soldiers and prevent betrayal… Or maybe we should just try telling the imprisoned Goz-san everything?]

Chisha: [There is a strong element of a gamble in that. Nonetheless, coming up with countermeasures for Arakiya is troubling.]

Subaru: [A brave soul who can contain Arakiya, huh? By the way, Chisha-san, you’re also one of the Nine Divine Generals, but your abilities are…]

Chisha: [I have some experience, but if I faced Arakiya, I would be dust within seconds despite that.]

Subaru: [It’s obvious you’re the resourceful type . As expected… Though, thinking of the Nine Divine Generals, what’s going on with the other Nine Divine Generals besides Yorna-san who aren’t in the Imperial Capital and aren’t cooperating with Abel’s side?]

Suddenly, Subaru became interested in what the positions of the Nine Divine Generals were in the first place, and tilted his head.

They were called the Nine Divine Generals, so naturally there were nine individuals in total. There were a few exceptions among the Generals such as Kafma, but generally only a General First-Class could face another General-First Class on equal footing. Each and every one of them were transcendent beings equivalent to a thousand warriors, and so if discussing a countermeasure for Arakiya, one should start from within their ranks.

Chisha: [The Ninth, Madelyn Eschart, is under Prime Minister Berstetz. The Eighth, Moguro Hagane, is unable to leave the defenses of the Imperial Capital for certain reasons. The Seventh, Yorna Mishigure, is holed up in the Demon City, and the Sixth, Groovy Gumlet, is part of an expedition to the west to deal with some important matters.]

Subaru: [And then, the Fifth, Goz Ralfon-san, is a prisoner on false charges, the Fourth, Chisha Gold-san, is an insurrectionist, and the Third, Olbart Dunkelkenn-san, is injured. The Second, Arakiya-chan, is out of our control after betraying us… Huh? What about the First?]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [The First hasn’t come up much now that I mention it. If I’m not mistaken it was, umm, Cecilus Segmunt-san?]

Chisha: [Regarding the subject of Cecilus, well, it is fine.]

Subaru: [It most certainly isn’t! I mean, if we’re talking about stopping Arakiya-chan, it’d be strange if his name didn’t come up immediately, right!? Pit the First against the Second! I’ve pitted “the strongest” against “the invincible” before! I’m very knowledgeable about it!]

Wondering why he had not thought of it before, Subaru was struck by what might have been the good idea of all good ideas.

At the very least, no rumors that the foremost of the Empire had betrayed Chisha as the Emperor or joined Abel’s rebellion had reached Subaru’s ears.

Then he must exist. The strongest of the Empire, the Blue Lightning of Vollachia.

Subaru: [I’ve heard he’s a bit of a problem child, but it’s a risk we should be prepared for if we want to contain Arakiya-chan…]

Chisha: [A bit? Problem child? I cannot accept that sort of perception toward that thing.]

Subaru: [That thing? Umm? Chisha-san?]

Wondering what aspect of Subaru’s thoughts Chisha could not stomach, Subaru’s eyes glazed over as Chisha continued despite the break in his sentences. Chisha suddenly leaned in close, unmistakable hardship and anguish bleeding from his thin face devoid of all color, and,

Chisha: [I would love to hear about the “bit of a problem” Natsuki-dono has heard of, given  how much effort I have made to this day to restrain Cecilus in his role as General First-Class.]

Subaru: [Yikes, I flipped a strange switch ! I’m sorry, I’m sorry! It was an outsider’s opinion!]

Chisha: [No, seeing that we have already opened up our hearts to each other, you and I are in the same boat now, Natsuki-dono. I would say that it is inevitable that we will have to reconcile our perceptions of each other. Well then, let us start with myself. The amount of stories I should tell of Cecilus numbers far more than I could count using all my hands and feet twice over, however――]

Subaru: [ Help ! Heeelp !!]

――Then, despite being drowned by a waterfall of the various emotions Chisha held toward Cecilus, sure enough, Subaru ultimately came to the conclusion that he was necessary.

Afterwards, Subaru and Chisha devised a plan, announced that Vincent Vollachia, who could no longer make appearances in public, had fallen ill, and left Berstetz to deal with the imperial citizens’ reactions as they heated up into absurd arguments such as  “one who collapses during a civil war lacks the qualifications of an Emperor” and “If a disease was what brought down the Emperor, then is the disease supposed to inherit the throne?”, and ran off to various places.

Subaru: [Rem! Was everything okay while I was gone? No injuries or inconveniences or anything? It’s really frustrating that I can’t take you with me, but if there is anything, please don’t hide it and talk to me. Is there anything you’d like to tell me now while you can?]

Rem: [You came back really suddenly, what happened? To begin with, you should already be finished with that errand, so why are you still in women’s clothes?]

Subaru: [The situation of it being problematic if it’s known that I’m involved in the Empire’s quarrels is still ongoing, so it’s inevitable that Natsumi Schwartz would return to the stage. It’s a necessity.]

Rem: [――. ――――. ――――――――. Is that so?]

Subaru: [That pause seems to imply you don’t understand!]

Rem: [It’s nothing. Anyways, more than anything I’m glad you’re safe.]

Subaru: [Oh! Well, half my stomach was blown off and I almost died, but…]

Rem: [Ha?]

Louis: [Uau!]

Of course, it was critical that he made sure to check in with Rem and confirm there had been no changes in her condition when he returned to the Imperial Capital.

Although there was still some numbness in her legs, Rem seemed to have reached a point where she could move around quite well, and she showed her innate caring nature doing as she pleased at Berstetz’s mansion. Subaru’s heart was filled to the brim with warmth as he saw glimpses of Rem despite her lack of Memories.

However, it was vexing that Louis was still scampering around as usual.

Rem: [Speaking of, this Natsumi Schwartz…]

Subaru: [Ah. Huh, what is it, what is it? Do you have something to say about Natsumi Schwartz? Like she’s cute or something?]

Rem: [Incorrect… I happened to hear a rumor. That is, something like, you becoming the Empress Consort.]

Subaru: [Oh that? Rather than becoming, we’re spreading rumors that it seems like I’ll become that. It’s part of the strategy. For various reasons, it’s hard for His Excellency the Emperor to act, so I will be his representative… or more accurately, something like his representative’s representative.]

Rem: [――. Isn’t that dangerous?]

Subaru: [I’m not saying there isn’t danger. Still, for outsiders like me and you, Rem, the Empire has always been a lion’s den whether we jump in or not. In order to brazenly escape from this lion’s den, I will face any danger. If at all possible, fight in the way that gives the greatest chance of victory!]

Rem: [So your way of fighting with the greatest chance of victory is crossdressing?]

Subaru: [Indeed… Huh, isn’t it cute?]

Rem: [――. ――――. ――――――――. Please take this seriously.]

Receiving that support from Rem, Subaru/Schwartz headed out on a pilgrimage to secure military forces.

The purpose of the journey was to pacify and inspire the troops garrisoned all over, and Natsumi Schwartz, the candidate to become Empress Consort of the Wise Emperor, who up until now had never taken a single wife, was paramount.

His behaviour was brimming with confidence, he declared himself the representative of the Emperor, and to assuage any lack of persuasiveness, since he was accompanied by Chisha Gold of the Nine Divine Generals, it was sufficient.

And with everything going smoothly, Subaru/Schwartz and Chisha headed to their destination――,

???: [――Oya oya oya, it’s rare for a guest from the outside to pay me a visit! I don’t believe I’ve yet to properly participate in one of the island’s performances, but nevertheless, rumors must have already spread, that’s me for you! After all, it’s hard to keep the brilliance of the starring actor of this world hidden!]

Indeed, upon the Gladiator Island, they ended up coming face to face with Cecilus Segmunt, a boy who chattered louder than a lit firecracker―― and with a more youthful appearance than rumored.

Chisha was quite opposed to calling upon Cecilus as a means to compensate for their lack of a decisive blow, but there are no replacements for those that are called the strongest existences.

Thus, Subaru/Schwartz was eager to implore Cecilus to join the swing of the sword to defend against the Great Disaster that would befall the Empire, and then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Well, well, well, what a big event! Those far away, heed my voice!! Those near, come see for yourself! It’s the debut of the leading actor, Cecilus Segmunt!!]

The wind howled thunderously, and an unarmed Cecilus made a cheerful display, standing upon the island side of the drawbridge that connected the island and the mainland. ――He was facing the mass of black shadows that were descending upon the Gladiator Island.

Knowing in the very core of his being just what kind of existence it was and just how dangerous it was, Subaru/Schwartz could only gasp and be overwhelmed by Cecilus’s composure on stage.

――Cecilus Segmunt, the First of the Nine Divine Generals; the plan to extract him from the Gladiator Island had become exceedingly more difficult.

Gustav Morello, the governor entrusted with the management of the island, was unusually stubborn and inflexible, and he had adamantly refused to agree to the appeals of Subaru/Schwartz, who had been accompanied by the embodiment of persuasiveness that was Chisha.

He had been ordered by the real Vincent to not let the island’s criminals ――that is, the Gladiators, leave the island, and so he still displayed resistance to the proper procedures, causing trouble for Subaru/Schwartz and Chisha.

The “curse rule” that brought an end to any Gladiator that attempted to forcefully leave the island was particularly troublesome.

Transmitted by a Curse Tool possessed by Gustav, that cursed law had the entire island within its range, and it was applied to Subaru/Schwartz and his companions who had stepped foot on the island without knowing, preventing escape.

As a result, Subaru/Schwartz ended up being forced to face numerous unforeseen struggles, but the predicaments on the Gladiator Island did not end at Gustav.

The objective, Cecilus Segmunt, was also a difficult person that wouldn’t cooperate so easily.

Cecilus: [It’s surprising, but I don’t consider freedom to be unconditionally good. People have the freedom to draw pictures or compose words upon paper without constraints, but the likelihood of that which is put on paper carelessly or without thought becoming a masterpiece of literature or art is exceedingly low. Every masterpiece requires passion and a unified direction.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Stuff like client demands and delivery deadlines?]

Cecilus: [I like that. When I converse with Empress Consort Candidate-sama, my inspiration is violently stirred by your unfamiliar words and it raises my mood! And perhaps what Empress Consort Candidate-sama says is correct! They are necessary for stories. A destination to aim for.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [If so, then alongside us…]

Cecilus: [I’m still unable to determine if I can do so alongside Empress Consort Candidate-sama! After all, I’m a leading actor in great demand… for even now, the many words of support from the ladies and gentlemen who continue to have great expectations for my success are striking my heart like raindrops!]

Thus, despite seeming to lend an ear to Subaru/Schwartz’s persuasion, he was not about to lend his support.

Cecilus was one or two sizes smaller than he had heard, but the part of him at his core that was difficult to deal with seemed to be alive and well, and a pain rivaling even Gustav lay there.

Even so, Subaru/Schwartz, together with Chisha, had struggled to overcome Gustav and Cecilus, the two greatest obstacles to conquering the Gladiator Island.

And then, after all of that――,

???: [――Is that… the Witch?]

As the surging waves of the billowing lake crashed down and Cecilus bathed in the spray, behind him, Gustav watched the shadows alongside Subaru/Schwartz and let out those words in a voice stifled with astonishment.

The Witch, indeed, it was the Witch. With unparalleled strength, it was an unmanageable threat of the most formidable class―― that was what had emerged at the Gladiator Island, and now stood in the way of Subaru/Schwartz and everyone else.

As Cecilus laughed, Subaru/Schwartz and Gustav trembled.

And finally, Chisha collapsed in Subaru/Schwartz’s arms, tears of blood spilling down his face while showing the most pained expression he had made until now―― just moments before, the White Spider had donned the “mask” of Subaru/Schwartz.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Don’t tell me, could it be because you wore my “mask”?]

The Witch of Envy had long forbidden Subaru from revealing Return by Death.

Knowing the horror of the penalty that came when he transgressed this taboo, Subaru had abandoned disclosing Return by Death and worked hard to prevent the victims of his Authority from expanding beyond himself.

It had never even occurred to him that the same taboo would be applied to Chisha wearing his “mask”.

Chisha: [――Hk.]

Strictly speaking, Chisha, who was shedding tears of blood, had not worn Subaru’s “mask”. He had attempted to wear it, but the moment he had activated Noh, it had rejected Chisha and the “mask” had shattered into pieces.

However, the Witch was not so forgiving that she would turn a blind eye due to a failed attempt. When he came to, the color of the sky had changed, an ominous wind had begun to blow, and the world had started to come apart.

And like that, the Witch slowly arrived at the island as a herald of the end――,

Cecilus: [The world is vast, magnificent, and full of the unexpected. ――It’s getting entertaining now, isn’t it, everyone?]

Cecilus boldly declared so in a voice devoid of even a tinge of bravado or pretense to Subaru/Schwartz, whose body was being pummeled from the inside by his furiously pounding heart.

This predicament, his distress, the demise drawing ever close at hand; Cecilus Segmunt greeted it all with a laugh. That made Subaru/Schwartz’s heart tremble. ――Whether that was out of horror or perhaps an impulse closer to admiration, he could not even make such a distinction.

Chisha: [This threat, there is no mistaking it… however, there appear to be… slight fluctuations…]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Chisha-san!]

Chisha: [I am most embarrassed to frighten you so…  I would also like to avoid being looked down upon by Cecilus when he is that size.]

This was grumbled in a tone that was clearly full of bravado and pretense, and supported by Subaru/Schwartz, Chisha sat up and got on his feet.

Wiping away his bloody tears with a finger, leaving behind traces of blood on his white face, Chisha slapped Gustav, who was standing motionless, on the back, bringing the Governor of the Gladiator Island to his senses.

Gustav: [General First-Class, Chisha Gold… In my capacity…]

Chisha: [There must be a role that none but you can play. What is it that His Excellency Vincent Vollachia has ordered of you?]

Gustav: [That――]

Chisha: [We are here. ――Fulfill your duty, Gustav Morello!]

Gustav caught his breath at that forceful statement, his fanged mouth stiffened, and then he turned and rushed resolutely toward the center of the island.

Upon the Gladiator Island, there were many Gladiators alongside those who managed them. Gustav was the only one who could mobilize everyone appropriately to prevent them from being harmed.

And then――,

Chisha: [Might I suggest that you also withdraw to a safe location?]

Subaru/Schwartz: [A safe location… Where could I find that on this island?]

Shaking his head at Chisha’s proposition, Subaru/Schwartz also rose to his feet and responded.

As if sucking up the dark water of the lake, the Witch’s shadows swelled to the size of a small mountain and approached, so formidable that it threatened to engulf everything, no matter where one was on the island.

This penalty for violating the taboo, was it a similar development to when she had swallowed everything, upon his disclosure of Return by Death to Echidna in the Tomb of the Sanctuary? On that occasion, if he had not had Petra’s handkerchief that Echidna had implanted with light, he would have been in a predicament where even suicide would not have been possible.

However, at this very moment――,

Subaru/Schwartz: [If it will be the same no matter where I go, I will see it through. ――No matter how many times it takes.]

Chisha: [A baffling way of putting it, but it is marvelous the impact it has.]

Holding his own elbow, Subaru/Schwartz resolved to not move from that spot.

In truth, there was no escape. And if those who held the strength to oppose the Witch were unable to completely resist her, then Subaru/Schwartz would simply create an opportunity and prepare a way to break out of the situation.

Before Subaru/Schwartz, who was resigned to Return by Death, Chisha stepped forward, standing alongside the blue-haired youth at the front line, and――,

Cecilus: [The long-awaited climax, the grand stage, in the spotlight! Can I expect that your resolve is set if at this moment of truth, you’re standing alongside me, the flash of lightning that illuminates the world?]

Chisha: [Even when you are this size, your prattling does not shrink too… What resolve?]

Cecilus: [Hahaha, I don’t care whether you lie! Haven’t you been avoiding me since you came to the Gladiator Island? Empress Consort Candidate-sama tried all sorts of tricks and wiles to woo me, but you drew my interest by not interacting with me! I don’t know whether that was intentional or not! With that premise, I can’t help but have expectations when it comes to this situation!]

Chisha: [Expectations. ――Hearing you say that, I feel revolted.]

Having assumed his young form, Cecilus had completely forgotten his connection to Chisha. Chisha accepted this fact as if he expected it, and was likely intimately involved in Cecilus’s current condition.

While thinking about that matter, Subaru/Schwartz also thought this of the two standing side-by-side:

Subaru/Schwartz: […Dependable.]

――This was the sight that Vincent Vollachia had seen.

No matter how formidable an enemy stood before them, if Chisha and Cecilus stood together before oneself, therein lay the confidence to believe that those two would crush them, force them to yield, and clear a path forward.

In front of Subaru/Schwartz, who was convinced by his heartbeat within, Chisha made the first move.

Slowly, Chisha brought his hand up to his own pale face, and put on a “mask”――

Chisha: [――Mask of the Lightning.]

His bones creaked loudly, as his constitution, the thickness of his flesh, and the structure of his body all began to change.

While seeing this grotesque Noh transformation of sorts before his eyes, Subaru/Schwartz had the transformation sequence of a hero of justice in his head.

It was undoubtedly a transformation sequence, in the sense that it created anticipation of what was to come. And when that transformation sequence ended, what was there was――,

Cecilus: [Oh, oh, oh! Well well, such a handsome young man, I couldn’t help but be captivated! For some reason, it has the flavor of the appearance of someone I recognize, but what’s this?]

Chisha: [I am impressed by your unwavering thoughts.]

Next to Cecilus, who had raised his voice, there stood Chisha, who had changed appearance to that of a young man with long blue hair. Standing behind them, Subaru/Schwartz knew who it was with a single glance, thanks to the object of comparison being next to him.

――Reproduced via Noh, this was the original form of Cecilus Segmunt. This was the presence of the Blue Lightning, the strongest of Vollachia, before he shrunk.

Chisha: [We shall attack the seams. Can you keep up?]

Cecilus: [Oh hoh, you took the words right out of my mouth! Don’t believe that you’ll be able to leave me behind just because you happen to have a beautiful face that catches eyes and etches itself into your mind. The Empress Consort candidate too, don’t even blink!]

Responding to the provocation by Chisha in his own true form, and while briefly showing consideration to Subaru/Schwartz with the final words at the end, Cecilus poked the ground of the island with his zori . [4]

Beside him, Chisha made the same gesture―― Two Cecilus’s, big and small, exchanged glances, and in an instant, two bolts of lightning arced in a flash across the island and launched at the incompletely manifested Witch.

It was undoubtedly a legendary scene worthy of being majestically narrated at length in an illustrated story.

It was a once-in-a-lifetime, truly eerie and wondrous performance upon a grand stage, where two surging bolts of lightning clashed against a specter of black shadows.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――I suppose the proper clash shall begin tomorrow.]

Chisha muttered while holding a sake cup, admiring the gleaming Crystal Palace from the balcony of the Imperial Residence.

Illuminated by the light of the night, the beautiful, dazzling rays danced upon the castle in the distance. Subaru also held a sake cup in his hand―― though its contents were milk, he stood next to Chisha, saying “I see…” with a sigh.

Chisha: [――――]

An awkward silence fell, and Subaru struggled to hold back the complicated emotions in his chest. However, to the extent one could somehow do so with superficial effort, this struggle was not a foe that could be so easily overcome.

Ever since Chaosflame, where he had saved Chisha and been saved by Chisha in turn, then made the decision to take his hand and support his aims, thus becoming involved with the affairs of the Empire, there had always been a lingering unease that would not fade; it was precisely this sort of troublesome foe, one that continued to force Subaru to reexamine himself.

Next to Subaru, who was fighting a battle of attrition with that troublesome foe, Chisha brought his sake cup to his mouth, his tongue moistened with alcohol, and called out, “Natsuki-dono,”

Chisha: [You have helped me quite a bit. Once again allow me to convey my gratitude.]

Subaru: [Oioi, you’re being sentimental . Someone saying stuff like that before a battle like they’re putting their affairs in order, may very well tip a flag that they’re gonna mess up at a crucial moment.]

Chisha: [A flag … Would that be like what Cecilus calls “foreshadowing”? ]

Subaru: [Yeah yeah, like Ceci.]

Cecilus’s characteristic way of wording things was difficult to understand, but when deciphered, Subaru found there was a lot to be impressed by in how he perceived the true nature of things and how his way of thinking got to the heart of matters.

Even if it was an imperfect manifestation, Cecilus had repelled the Witch who assailed the Gladiator Island along with Chisha, and had exclaimed, “My long-awaited grand performance!” as he cheerfully left the island, and for better or worse had been waiting in the Imperial Capital for his turn on stage without a care in the world.

The specific particulars on how Cecilus had gained a young form were unclear to him, but if even things such as his ways of thinking or feeling had also been made young, Subaru wondered if it might be the case that when he one day returned to his original form, he might lose his current vibrant sensibilities. If that was the case, he thought that would be regrettable.

Chisha: [Do not worry yourself, I suppose Cecilus has always been that way.]

Subaru: [No kidding. Then I’m… well I can’t say I’m relieved, since I’ll be worried in the opposite sense. The First, Ceci is like that, the Second, Arakiya-chan is how she is, Vollachia sure managed to keep running, huh?]

Chisha: [All of that is due to His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia’s management. ――Consequently, I am not confident in the success of this endeavor. In truth, I suppose it has been riddled with unforeseen occurrences.]

Subaru: [Like my appearance.]

Chisha: [You said it yourself.]

The corners of his mouth relaxed, and Chisha gave a small chuckle at Subaru’s words.

Talking about unforeseen circumstances, Subaru would not lose out to Chisha. From the beginning, since they were sent to the Vollachian Empire, not a single thing had gone as expected.

Subaru: [If I had to say anything, it’s that Natsumi Schwartz’s existence has been proven to the Empire after the Kingdom, I guess.]

Chisha: […I do not believe I possess the qualification to say this after so thoroughly using it, but I do doubt whether you learned those skills in the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [Ahh, the level-up of my skills was developed in Lugunica, but I acquired those skills elsewhere. In my hometown, beyond the so-called Great Waterfall… Oops. Beako kept getting upset with me, saying that putting it like that would cause misunderstandings, but I did it again.]

Chisha: [Beyond the Great Waterfall. ――I see, I understand now.]

Subaru felt his fingers tremble from a lack of Beatromin, and beside him Chisha nodded as if he was impressed in some way by what he had said. Based on the flow of the conversation, it wasn’t regarding Subaru/Schwartz, but rather the topic after that. ――It was probably about the Great Waterfall.

Chisha: [All along, I have held some doubts. As a citizen of the Kingdom, it was natural that your values differed from ours in the Empire, Natsuki-dono, but even so, the divergence was too large.]

Subaru: [The divergence was… too large?]

Chisha: [To speak bluntly, you overvalue the worth of lives. ――Or, to be more precise, I suppose I should say the worth of other people’s lives.]

Subaru blinked as Chisha spoke those words while he traced his own slender jaw with a finger.

The worth of lives, of course such a thing would have great significance. Everyone had but a single life. There may be exceptions, but setting those exceptions aside, that was an absolute truth.

And it was for that reason, he wished that no opportunities would be stolen from any lives.

Subaru: [Even you, Chisha-san, saved me in Chaosflame, you know? Back then, thanks to you tearing off the “mask” of the Emperor and donning Ferris’s, you linked together the unforeseen circumstances of unforeseen circumstances.]

Chisha: [That was simply due to the fact that there was merit in using you, Natsuki-dono. If I were to speak using my own standards of value, it was simply that the loss of allowing you to die there felt far greater. However, you do not see things in such terms of advantages and disadvantages. I suppose the reason for this is the sense of values at your core.]

Subaru: […I get that things like the soil and water you grew up with can change how you view the world. Since I hate the Empire.]

Chisha: [Haha, you say it so clearly it is almost refreshing.]

Subaru: [I hate the Empire. I hate it, but I can’t bring myself to completely hate everyone on that soil. That’s the sort of standards of value I have, though.]

That was not a particularly special mindset, or at least Subaru did not think so.

Of course, Subaru was well aware that his ideals were naive compared to the values of the Kingdom of Lugunica, much less the values of the fierce and harsh Vollachian Empire. Even after living in another world for over a year, he did not feel like he would ever get used to the exchange of lives.

To a certain extent, he accepted that it was inevitable that this would be used as a reason for disappointment. On the other hand, when used as a reason for praise, he couldn’t help but think it was not such a big deal.

Subaru: [First of all, you believe me, Chisha-san? That I came from beyond the Great Waterfall?]

Chisha: [Words I have never seen nor heard before, your way of thinking, some skills, and those values. A Witch Cultist who managed to learn social skills while being raised in a senseless environment―― Well, if I had to use such a dreadful description, I would more easily preserve the tranquility of my heart by saying they were a visitor from beyond the Great Waterfall.]

Subaru: [Seriously? Is it information that, If you don’t convince yourself to that level , you can’t balance the scales?… I should’ve taken Beako more seriously…]

For Chisha, it was apparently a story on the level of him only believing it because it was preferable to Subaru being a Witch Cultist.

Even the Emilia Camp tended to be the type to more or less let Subaru’s history go in one ear and out the other, so he was grateful that Chisha believed him, even if it was through dubious logic, but from now on, he intended to be much more careful in how he broached such subjects.

Subaru: [I’m sure glad we had this talk before I carelessly reminisced about my past with Rem. I’ve been slowly building just a bit of momentum, but my favorability almost crashed again. Even though I’m already at rock bottom.]

Chisha: [It has been oddly low up to now.]

Rem’s feelings fluctuated and were hard to evaluate, and Chisha’s comment was sympathetic to that.

Over the course of opening up to each other, he had told Chisha that Rem had become a victim of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, and as a result had forgotten her connection with Subaru.

Though, now that he thought about how the previous conversation regarding his connection to the Great Waterfall had been received, there was also the possibility Chisha had only believed this since it was preferable to Subaru being an evil stalker with a complicated attachment to Rem.

Chisha: [Originally, I had had no intention of recalling Cecilus.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Subaru’s eyes widened as he was caught off guard by the atmosphere of the sudden change in the flow of the conversation.

When he looked, Chisha had placed his sake cup on the railing of the balcony, and while opening and closing his now vacant hand, with his golden eyes he gazed upon the Crystal Palace―― no, the very Imperial Capital itself.

Given the change in atmosphere, Subaru also set down his cup and looked out upon the same scene.

Chisha: [As you may have already grasped, I changed him into that youthful form with my Noh. It was for good reason that I sent him to the Gladiator Island like that. And that, along with everything else was――]

Subaru: [To prepare for the coming Great Disaster, right? I don’t get what you stood to gain from shrinking Ceci and tossing him onto an island, but… Ah, wait, maybe, was it the same as with Goz-san?]

Chisha: [You are not far from the mark, thus I shall leave it at that. After all, no one can stand on the same level as Cecilus Segmunt. ――Aside from the Sword Saint and the Admirer and such.]

Subaru: […Your name is coming up even here, you are truly worldwide , Reinhard.]

As a matter of fact, Subaru had seen with his own eyes that Cecilus’s strength was something that deviated from the norm.

During the battle against the Witch that had unfolded, the true value of the Blue Lightning had certainly been demonstrated. ――However, it had not been the young Cecilus himself who had demonstrated this, but rather Chisha, having donned that “mask” and played the role of an adult Cecilus.

To Subaru’s eyes, as one who had seen Reinhard’s transcendent combat up close twice before, he certainly believed that the ability of the adult Cecilus could be placed in the same realm of the transcendent.

However――,

Subaru: [If we’re only talking about strength, then sure, but there are more qualifications beyond just that necessary to stand alongside him.]

Chisha: [――. What do you mean by those words?]

Subaru: [Well, when Chisha-san and Ceci challenged that huge shadow on Ginunhive, it might have just been due to me having the heroine mentality of Natsumi Schwartz, but I could feel it. ――That these two, standing side-by-side, are the strongest of the Empire.]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [I’m not just saying this because you had transformed into an adult Ceci, Chisha-san, got it? The dependability I felt then wasn’t that sort of thing. It’s like, the reason you win isn’t just because you’re strong, that sort of perspective is completely different… I can’t put it into words very well!]

Scratching his head, Subaru searched for a way to convey the passion of that moment.

Unlike just being strong because they were strong, and also unlike equating them because they were both the same strength, it was more like one plus one not equalling two, but some much greater number; it was that sort of extraordinary feeling.

Subaru: [Honestly, you’ve been so selfish. Even supposing he found out Chisha-san’s true intentions, His Excellency the Emperor might get so upset he would never forgive you. For my part, I believe Emperor Vincent is a lucky man though.]

Chisha: [His Excellency is a lucky man, you say? On that, I suppose we agree.]

Subaru: [Oh, not being humble about that?]

Chisha: [An accurate grasp of the capabilities of others, not to mention my own, is an essential measure of my role in the Empire. Above all, those who do not intend to make their true strength known shall only be devoured in this land of Sword Wolves.]

Subaru: [A society of super-efficiency, a super-meritocracy, a principle of super-competitiveness… I get it, but I have a bit of hope that Vollachia isn’t a place only defined by that.]

Saying that, Subaru spun around and leaned his back against the railing, looking up at the night sky.

The Imperial Capital of Lupugana was modeled as a star-shaped fortress, with the shimmering Crystal Palace placed at its north, and a sky full of stars that sparkled above. Subaru squinted at those stars, whose names he did not know.

He did not know their names, these stars he did not recognize or have any connection with, this starry sky that by all rights he should never have seen, yet they seemed to him to be exactly the same as people he had met in Vollachia.

Subaru: [Berstetz-san is surprisingly passionate. You evaluated him as an ultra-imperialist, Chisha-san, but I think he’s a passionate person. Probably the type that secretly treasures promises and such. Madelyn-chan doesn’t often open up her heart to me, but I think she’s quite caring. I think it was good to have someone by her side. I get the sense that she’s kind of lost on what to do with such compassion, I guess?]

Chisha: [Well, well, I feel like that is somewhat too soft of a viewpoint… However, you have me quite intrigued, so I suppose I would like to hear more.]

Subaru: [It’s nothing outrageous. Even after losing one of his arms, Olbart-san hasn’t shown even a bit of tragic heroism, probably due to the wisdom of his years. He may act viciously, but it seems like he has a surprising amount of compassion for young people. I haven’t had the chance to properly chat with Mogurocchi yet, but truthfully I have high expectations that he might be the most honest person in the Empire.]

After accompanying them to Chaosflame, Olbart seemed to have taken his feelings of guilt into consideration, wondering if he could attach a weapon where his lost arm had been. Since Subaru was constantly outside the city, he had had little contact with Moguro, who was in charge of guarding the Crystal Palace, but he was caring in a particularly quiet way, and often worried about Arakiya, who had left their side, and Goz, who was imprisoned.

Subaru: [As for Kafma-san, ever since the healing magic Rem remembered how to use worked on him, he’s become Rem’s biggest fan, which is honestly hilarious. But, given how much I’m running about, I’m grateful that there are those like Madelyn-chan who care about Rem. And, as for Ubilk… ah, well, how can I put it? He acts as a lubricant for the organization…]

Chisha: [If you cannot think of anything, I do not believe you should have to search for any good points in vain.]

Subaru: [Well, Ceci is Ceci, so I’ll skip that… And then there’s you, Chisha-san.]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [It’s been one thing after another since I was sent to the Empire, but Chisha-san was always saving me… Or manipulating me? I was forced to go along with it…]

Chisha: [Wherever you fall on the matter, you shall not get any regret from me.]

Chisha stated so with a sigh toward Subaru, who was still uncertain in his evaluation.

Putting any manipulation or forced accompaniment aside, even the evaluation that he had been saved was deemed as vexing; Chisha Gold just had that sort of hard-to-please disposition.

However, that too, was a part of the partner whom he had spent so long with in such a short time.

Subaru: [For better or worse, you’ve been involved in eighty percent of my events in the Empire, Chisha-san. To me, the Vollachian Empire equals Chisha Gold.]

Chisha: [Discourteous. This is the Land of the Sword Wolf, and the Vollachian Empire is none other than the land of His Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia himself, thus I pray you shall amend your belief.]

Shrugging his shoulders while joking, the rebel who ousted that very Emperor Vincent Vollachia from the throne, and threw the Empire into chaos due to his own wishes said such a thing.

To that, Subaru responded with “ Nice joke ,” and the two laughed together for a moment.

And then――,

Subaru: [This may well also be a flag or foreshadowing, so I’m unsure whether I should say it, but… well, after you achieve your goal, what will you do, Chisha-san?]

Chisha: [What, do you mean?]

Subaru: [Well, since you’ve done what you’ve done, even if you were to reveal everything, we don’t know whether Emperor Vincent would forgive you, right Chisha-san? That’s why… you know. If there’s no place for you left in the Empire, I could show you around the Kingdom this time!]

Chisha: [Hoh, you, Natsuki Subaru from beyond the Great Waterfall, shall show me the Kingdom of Lugunica?]

Subaru: [I’ve been living in the Kingdom for over a year now, so I can at least show you around the area!]

At any rate, if he was able to bring Rem back to the Kingdom of Lugunica, he wanted to not only help her recall her Memories, but also to journey around to the places she had been acquainted with.

Of course, since there was also the matter of Emilia’s Royal Selection, he did not have a lot of free time. Subaru felt it would not be so bad if Emilia, Beatrice, and a white Sword Wolf driven from the Empire were a part of such a journey.

Chisha: [As it is, in the position of supporting someone burdened with the complications of being a half-elf, I believe the way you extend your hand in that manner is perhaps a bit too unprincipled. If it is to this extent, I suspect the coordinator of the camp you are a part of, Natsuki-dono, surely has a lot of trouble piling up.]

Subaru: [Guh… It’s fine! It’s his own nature to take on troubles, and ‘cuz he told me to say anything without worrying about appearances!]

Chisha: [“‘Cuz”, huh?]

He had responded with a pretty reasonable rebuttal, and Subaru frowned.

Did the way he changed the topic ultimately mean Subaru had been rejected? Of course, he knew offering a prospect after being chased out of the Empire to Chisha, who was standing firm for the future of the Empire, was an insensitive topic.

Subaru: [I don’t like it when people try to do something somehow by putting themselves in a so-called heroic last stand, where they have nowhere to return, or nowhere to belong. That’s why I will offer the hand that I want to offer.]

Chisha: [Natsuki-dono…]

Subaru: [There! Flag building on the eve of a decisive battle is over! That’s all I wanted to discuss… Ah, thank you for taking care of Rem’s life. Doing that for me really saved me. …It’s super complicated, but I’d also like to thank Louis for that.]

While Subaru was away from the Imperial Capital, it seemed like the bond between Rem and Louis had grown deeper and deeper.

So far, she had not committed a single Sin Archbishop-like evil, and if anything seemed to be devotedly dedicating herself to Rem, but he could not fathom the root of those actions. ――Even if she was not what she appeared to be, it was going to be a headache to figure out what to do with her when he brought Rem back to the Kingdom.

Perhaps how to deal with this headache was a matter to consult Otto about.

Chisha: [――――]

Then, while Subaru was planning to make Otto’s stomachache even worse in that way, Chisha furrowed his brow, which was unusual, then opened his lips like he was going to say something, before closing them. Opened, then closed. Three times.

This seemed to be born of some kind of hesitation, and Subaru tilted his head.

Subaru: [Chisha-san, did that raise some flags ?]

Chisha: [――. No, in fact I suppose it is the opposite. I nearly uttered something that could have been foreshadowing, thus I restrained myself. Cecilus and you almost got me there, Natsuki-dono.]

Subaru: [Ceci and I are in the same category!? Seriously!?]

Subaru’s eyes widened, taken aback by what Chisha had said with a chuckle. Without saying much about Subaru’s response, Chisha picked up the sake cup he had put on the railing and took a sip of the alcohol.

A man who, unbeknownst to anyone, had worked out a plan to repel the Great Disaster that would shake the very Empire, and perhaps may have to bear living with fingers pointing at him even after the truth became clear; the fruition of his battle, in which he had deceived even his own lord that he devoted his loyalty to, was now soon at hand.

While praying that wish would be successful, at the same time, a clear path to return to the Kingdom of Lugunica was finally in sight, Subaru also clenched his fists.

Then, driven by the heat welling up within him, he raised those fists up, and,

Subaru: [Let’s do it Chisha-san. This battle will be our victory!]

Chisha: [I am not the sort of person who can get that heated, but… I value that spirit.]

Saying so, Chisha raised his sake cup into the night without any momentum and brought his own fist up to Subaru’s.

This was a mutual struggle―― no, a relationship of complicity, born out of an absurdity neither desired. For the great liars who deceived the Vollachian Empire, it was a night of firm oaths.

――And it would be Natsuki Subaru and Chisha Gold’s final night together.

△▼△▼△▼△

With his shoulders shaken and his cheeks tapped, Natsuki Subaru was brought back to consciousness, only to find the place he had awoken was not his bedroom in Berstetz’s mansion, but to his astonishment, the inside of a cramped crate.

???: [Uuu!]

The one who had played a part in rousing Subaru with that high-pitched voice was Louis Arneb, who was stuffed into the jam-packed space just like Subaru.

Seeing Rem’s figure behind the beaming Louis, Subaru sprang up. He smacked his head hard against the ceiling of the box, the pain and heat making him yell “Owwww!”

And then――,

Rem: [――We are inside a dragon carriage headed toward the Kingdom of Lugunica. I heard them say so.]

Subaru: [Ha-, huh? But, why would we be? Because… no, because! The rebels are already here!]

Rem: [I don’t know either! It happened so suddenly. We were forcefully crammed into this dragon carriage, and… you wouldn’t wake up at all.]

Subaru: [Don’t be ridiculous, I’m good at getting up, so if there was a commotion like that, I’d immediately…]

Wake up , he was about to say, before confronting the reality that he actually had not. When he did, what flashed through Subaru’s mind was the milk he had drank the night before.

The milk he had been drinking while chatting with Chisha on the balcony of the Imperial Residence; it had been prepared by Chisha for Subaru, and right after they finished talking, he remembered being struck by sudden drowsiness. He had stumbled back to his assigned room, slept like a log there, and then――,

Subaru: [Chisha-san set me up…! What was I thinking… Am I an idiot? No, I am definitely an idiot. It’s obvious what Chisha-san is planning.]

It was certain. Chisha’s goal in orchestrating this situation was clear.

Chisha intended to do it alone. Up to this point, Chisha had been borrowing Subaru’s help to arrange the pieces on the board, and at the final moment, he had decided to remove Subaru from the game board, just like he had done to the Emperor, and begin the final battle against the Great Disaster by himself.

Had he intended this from the very start, and where such deception had come from; such cowardly and futile complaints whirled through his head―― and he shut them out.

At this very moment, there was no use in lamenting that which disappointed him.

Subaru: [We have to get out somehow…]

Rem: [I think that will be difficult. I’ve tried several times, but this box is sturdy, and it won’t budge at all. We’ll be released once we’ve crossed the border with the Kingdom… or so it seems.]

Subaru: [But then, we won’t make it in time for the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital! Hey! Heeey! Someone! Open this up! Open it! I am Natsumi Schwartz, the Empress Consort candidate of His Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia!!]

Despite banging on the walls of the crate and protesting as Natsumi Schwartz, no response occurred in the dragon carriage. Obviously, they had been ordered by Chisha, who had orchestrated all of this, to not lend an ear to anything Subaru or the others might say upon waking.

Subaru: [――Tch, Invisible Providence.]

Gritting his teeth, Subaru activated the invisible arm within himself―― Invisible Providence, and intended to destroy the crate.

However, unlike the Sin Archbishop of Sloth who originally possessed this power, Subaru’s version was not much different from simply being a third arm, aside from it being unable to be seen. If Subaru could not break the walls with his two actual arms, then it would be just as impossible to do it with this one.

Subaru: [If only the box had a simple lock, I could have opened it with a bit of In Prov , but…]

Feeling nothing but his body creaking in recoil, Subaru gritted his teeth at the failure of his plan.

Beside the struggling Subaru, Rem wore a tense expression, having already repeatedly gone through a similar struggle and made several dents in the wall the size of the tip of her pinky finger. ――She, too, did not believe it was right to leave the Empire at a time like this.

Rem had been placed at Berstetz’s mansion as a hostage for Subaru, but during her life there, she had recalled how to use the healing arts, and became highly prized as an invaluable asset in the Empire.

Feeling that her work was fulfilling, Rem had been making relationships in the Empire in her own way. He had also heard that she had been able to make some friends as well.

Rem: [Madelyn-san and Katya-san, they will remain in the Imperial Capital, but I…]

She probably had not even been allowed to say farewell..

For Subaru too, he could not help but feel like the final words he exchanged with Chisha had been “I have to go to the bathroom before bed.” His extreme drowsiness aside, what a pathetic state of affairs.

Subaru: [Shit! Let us out! At least… at least talk to me about it! Don’t just go deciding things on your own!]

Louis: [Aaa, uu?]

Subaru: [Shut up! It’s always the case, but right now I really don’t have the time to deal with you!]

Subaru snapped at Louis, who had peered over from beside him with a look of concern as he slammed on the walls. He was aware that it was nothing more than him venting his anger, and even if she was a Sin Archbishop, he felt disgust rise up within himself for making her the target of his outburst.

Instead of Subaru, pathetic as he was, Rem softly hugged Louis from behind after she was yelled at.

And then――,

Louis: [Uuu?]

Rem: […I’m… not okay. I want to insist that I’m okay, so I don’t make Louis-chan worry, but right now… Both I, and this one…]

Louis: [Uau, eu. ――Aaa, uu.]

Held in a tight embrace, Louis blinked at the words of Rem, who had tears welling in her eyes. Then, as her expression seemed to stiffen slightly, she reached out her hand and touched Subaru.

Subaru clenched his teeth at that sensation. ――It happened immediately after that.

Subaru: [――Ah?]

In the next instant, his vision suddenly seemed to blur for a split second, and Subaru found himself plopped down on the road.

Subaru: [Eh, ah, eh? Out… outside, but this is way too far outside!]

Yelling in sheer incredulity, the flustered Subaru scrambled to his feet. And Subaru was not the only one taken aback by the unexpected phenomenon. Rem, who had been holding Louis, was also sitting there.

The three of them, in the same positions as in the box, were on the road――.

Subaru: [That was, a warp … a teleport? No way.]

Louis: [Uu!]

In front of Subaru, who intuitively knew the answer, it was Louis who was enthusiastically raising her hand.

That was the power held by Louis―― No, the power of the Authority of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony. One of the Gluttonies at the Pleiades Watchtower had devoured the ability to teleport over short distances from someone. Using that, Louis had taken Subaru and Rem and slipped out of the dragon carriage.

Rem: [Louis-chan, amazing…]

Subaru: [It annoys me to straightforwardly praise you by calling it amazing, but in this case you did great! You, can you use that warp to return us all the way back to the Imperial Capital in one go!?]

Louis: [Uuu? Au, uuuauu.]

Subaru grabbed her shoulders eagerly and rocked her back and forth, causing Louis’s eyes to roll back in her head as she shook her head. Understanding that her response was a denial, Subaru felt a wave of bitter vexation.

He was grateful they had managed to escape the dragon carriage, but in all likelihood, they had probably already been taken quite far from the Imperial Capital. How long would it take to return to the Imperial Capital on foot now, especially accompanied by Rem, whose legs had yet to fully recover?

If anything, although he would feel bad for Rem, he could have her continue on past the border, while he returned to the Imperial Capital on his own―― it was as he thought of this plan.

Rem: [――――]

Suddenly, a high-pitched sound emitted from Rem, making Subaru spin around in surprise. Looking closer, he saw that the mysterious high-pitched note had come from something like a small whistle that Rem had brought to her lips.

As he wondered what it was, Rem informed the wide-eyed Subaru, “It’s a dragon bone whistle,”

Rem: [I received it from Madelyn-san. Back when I mended Madelyn-san’s clothes, she said she wanted to reward me, since those clothes were very precious to her. If I blow this whistle――]

Subaru: [If you blow that whistle… hey, whoa!?]

The answer to the call of the dragon bone flute Madelyn had gifted her came swooping down from the sky.

Could it have been one among the many flying dragons commanded by Madelyn, a dragonkin? Flying dragons have a ferocious temperament that made them entirely untamable by humans aside from a particular method of raising them; this one knelt before Rem, who still held the flute in her hands, and lowered its head, showing its intention to obey.

Perhaps, it had been instructed by Madelyn and ordered to obey Rem.

Subaru: [If this guy will give us a ride, then off to the Imperial Capital!]

Rem: [Just a moment ago, weren’t you making a plan to leave Louis-chan and me behind to return to the Imperial Capital alone?]

Subaru: [I’m sorry! But I didn’t mean anything bad by it! You’re just so important and dear to me!]

Rem: [Ha? I’m not giving you a ride though?]

Subaru: [I’ll say it as little as possible from now on! Just give me a ride!]

His inner conflict revealed by his impatience and agitation, a flustered Subaru pleaded with Rem. Sighing at Subaru’s remarks, Rem pulled Louis close with an outstretched hand, and,

Rem: [I have no clue how fast it will go. Please hold on tight.]

Subaru: [Gotcha! Despite everything, this is the first chance I’ve gotten to ride a flying dragon, but I guess now isn’t the time for that!]

Riding atop a living creature flying through the sky and soaring freely across the heavens, such was not a common experience. So far, the only time Subaru had flown through the sky under similar conditions was with Roswaal.

While harboring such trivial emotions, Subaru hugged Rem and Louis’s waists from behind, and suddenly hoisted the two of them up as he leapt onto the flying dragon’s back.

Then, offering a quick apology to the “Hey!” in protest from Rem,

Subaru: [We’re coming back, Imperial Capital! Don’t think we’ll just end our story by dropping out like this!]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Chisha-san, the time is at hand.]

Right before the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital commenced, Ubilk, who had paid a visit to Chisha, declared this revelation.

Regarding the position of the Stargazers, those contacted by the heavenly Observers, who they call “stars”―― those existences who established the principles of this world and uphold absolute separation; Chisha felt disgusted.

Chisha: [ Contacted , and so on, it is all the influence of Natsuki-dono.]

Conscious of the words murmured in his own head, Chisha suddenly relaxed his lips.

Last night, Subaru and his companions Rem and Louis had been put to sleep and smuggled out of the Imperial Capital, and were now headed straight for the border between the Empire and the Kingdom. The soldiers, deeply loyal to Chisha, accepted the task without any explanation and unhesitatingly obeyed their orders that took them far from the battlefield.

Unexpectedly, Chisha was deeply moved by how much he had been blessed by the people around him.

???: [Of course, of course that would be the case! No matter what anyone says, I myself have come alongside you, so there is absolutely no room for doubt on that front!]

Chisha: […I am certain I already gave the orders to deploy, so I suppose I must wonder why you are still here.]

Then, Chisha furrowed his brow at the childish figure of the Blue Lightning whom he had encountered in the corridors of the Crystal Palace. However, holding out his hand as if such a question was naught but foolishness, Cecilus exclaimed, “ Nonsense !” Cecilus: [You know of me, don’t you? As one who strives to be the leading actor of this world, it’s guaranteed I‘ll certainly be on time to assume the spotlight. Indeed, it’s for such a reason I’m properly present here at the scene of a great battle that will shake the Empire!]

Chisha: [Is that not because Natsumi Schwartz-dono and I came to fetch you?]

Cecilus: [That! Right! There! I am telling you that it was guidance visiting me in my time of need. Hypothetically speaking, you know? Say, even if it hadn’t been you and Ma’am who came to get me! Or even if no one had come to get me! I surely would’ve ended up at this battlefield regardless. No matter what twist of fate may have come!]

Chisha: [As ever… Even a Stargazer conveys the messages of the stars in a slightly more refined way, but it matters not what is said to you.]

Cecilus: [Of course. How could someone with a weak, spineless character ever be loved as a charming leading actor? Even if one doesn’t carry a sword, everyone carries their own convictions. That’s not just limited to me, you and Ma’am are the same.]

Sternly thrusting his finger at him, Cecilus spoke with his usual tone. It was so overwhelmingly his usual self that, for just a moment, Chisha forgot the boy before him was currently shrunk in size.

Natsuki Schwartz, or “Ma’am” as Cecilus called him―― and by extension, Natsuki Subaru, certainly possessed the kind of conviction that could be called “naivety.”

If so, did Chisha Gold possess it? ――Conviction?

Cecilus: [You do. ――Since you are also one of the actors I have acknowledged.]

Chisha: [You were not the one who chose me. Allow me to make that much clear.]

Cecilus: [Gosh, how harsh. Ohoho, looks like the battle is about to begin, huh?]

Sniffing with his nose as he gazed out the window, Cecilus narrowed his blue eyes.

Chisha had no way of knowing whether it was merely a part of his performance, or if he had genuinely gotten a whiff of the scent of combat.

However, to the one who had spun around and was heading to conquer the battlefield as he had just been ordered to, Chisha called out “Cecilus” and――,

Chisha: [Forgive me, as I have already conveyed what I wanted to convey once already, but since it is important, there is one more thing.]

Cecilus: [Hoho, what might it be? Please give the leading actor a lively send-off before he heads out onto the battlefield!]

Chisha: [Those were surprisingly pleasant days, driving the dragon carriage with you and getting its wheels stuck in a rut. ――I pray for your good fortune in battle, Cecilus Segmunt.]

Cecilus: [――――]

Yes, his own voice had sounded far calmer than he had expected, and Chisha quietly digested his surprise. At those same words, Cecilus’s eyes widened, before a familiar smile broke across his face and said,

Cecilus: [―― Perfect !!]

△▼△▼△▼△

He had continued to fool, fabricate, lie, trick, ensnare, entrap, and deceive and deceive and deceive.

He did not like to deceive. However, it was his expertise.

It was an accident that Noh had come to dwell within Chisha Gold, but when he thought of the results it had brought about, he could not help but feel it was inevitable ――no, that it was “foreshadowing”.

Was it perhaps a bit too narrative brained to believe so?

Chisha: [However, it cannot be helped. How long have I spent alongside Cecilus, and been exposed to that cheerful and endless flood of words?]

Even if he did not empathize with that point of view, there were many ways in which it had influenced him.

Nothing, not even all of Cecilus’s views, could be simply dismissed as absurd. Surprisingly, Cecilus’s words were not void of any deeper meaning.

In particular, he understood the idea Cecilus espoused that everyone was an actor, and had their part to play upon the stage. ――If so, then what was the role of Chisha Gold?

???: [Contrary to my expectations, I do not feel any strong emotions. ――Even as I look up from below like this at the throne I was driven from.]

Chisha: [――――]

Chisha narrowed his golden eyes, and as he received the man who had arrived from upon the throne, that man brazenly strode across the red carpet spread out before him, as if it was his own.

The man who appeared was beautiful, with black hair, and wore a mask that was modeled after an Oni. Ironically enough, the one he faced was Chisha, whose occupation was wearing “masks”, and this man was the leader of the rebels who drew near to the Imperial Capital―― no, he was the one and only true Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia.

Vincent: [――Did you realize your desires by joining forces with Berstetz and exiling me?]

While overcoming much and suffering numerous trials, Vincent had returned to his own castle.

He was by no means outstanding physically, he had no one to rely upon in his position of being ousted from the throne, and truly his only weapons should have been his own ingenuity and the power of his words; it was the triumphant return of such an Emperor.

The peak of the Empire, Chisha Gold’s lord, asked if his desires had been realized.

Chisha: [Unfortunately, I regrettably must say that they have not been realized yet. Therefore, I would like to ask for Your Excellency’s cooperation for just a little while longer.]

Vincent: [You have taken this much, yet you still desire something more from me? You have an even greedier side of you than I thought. ――However, ‘tis a deception.]

Chisha: [――――]

Vincent: [What you thought you would get from removing me from the throne was no more than insubstantial mist. The fires of war have spread pointlessly, and these needless flames continue to consume the Empire. ――There is a way to extinguish it all immediately.]

As he said this, Vincent brought his hands to his face, and removed the oni mask.

His true face laid bare in this way, which Chisha could no longer even meet in a mirror, having lost that “mask”, was undoubtedly that of his lord’s. It was probably due to the fair amount of hardship he had accumulated, but compared to when he was on the throne, his complexion was a little paler, his cheeks were thinner, and the bones more prominent.

Still, when comparing his fatigue between when he was working hard as the Emperor and his days of running around trying to reclaim his throne, it was apparent that Vincent had been neglecting himself too much.

――Yes, His Excellency, the Emperor had been neglecting himself too much.

Vincent: [I――]

Chisha: [――Your Excellency.]

He interrupted as Vincent tried to continue, and Chisha called out his lord’s title.

In that moment, despite not closing his eyes, the faces of a great many people flashed by in his mind’s eye. Everything he had erred in, the feelings of guilt in his heart for having deceived all of them; Chisha let out a breath, and,

Chisha: [――Taking too much of a grand view of the game board, that is your greatest weakness.]

In an instant, Chisha brought his hand from behind his back to cover his face, putting on a “mask”. With a creaking sound, Chisha’s body was transformed, his height shrunk, his sinewy physique deformed, and his chest swelled. And so, his trump card manifested before Vincent――,

Chisha: [――Mask of the Sun.]

Prisca Benedict.

In those days, she was called by that name, but the person who was now a candidate in the Royal Section of the neighboring country of Lugunica had another name; wearing the “mask” of Vincent Vollachia’s greatest weakness, Chisha laughed.

Kicking off the floor, Chisha leapt at Vincent, who was left speechless by this inconceivable reunion. As if he was dancing unburdened, Chisha reached out toward the frozen Vincent’s face, and――,

Chisha: [――Mask of the Wise Emperor]

Swiftly, he molded a new “mask” of Vincent with Noh, then casted off the “mask” of Prisca he had only just put on, donning the new mask.

As the sound of his substitution rang out once more, Chisha took further action against the frozen Vincent, while enduring his transforming body.

He snatched the oni mask Vincent had removed, and concealed the Emperor’s true face with it once again.

Vincent: [You――]

For what, for whom, why?

The voice of the Emperor who was too wise trembled as if seeking an answer to the events that had occurred. However, without Chisha’s words, the Emperor surely could not reach that answer.

It was just as he had informed Vincent a moment ago.

He looked at the board from a grand perspective, thought through things efficiently, and indiscriminately defined the value of every piece.

The true intentions behind Chisha’s actions would likely never be conveyed to Vincent, who lacked the awareness that he himself was also an actor upon the stage.

But that was fine. It did not matter whether his true intentions were conveyed.

What he desired, was the outcome.

Would that outcome be that Chesha Trim, a being that had an inconsequential minor role, put on the “mask” of Chisha Gold, and thus deceived even everything he had gained to get what he desired?

He could not confirm it himself, but he was sure.

If he could fool the Observers, ensnare the Great Disaster, and even deceive Vincent Vollachia to the very end, then what Chisha desired would surely shine through.

Therefore――,

Vincent: [――――]

As he was pushed away, Chisha could faintly make out through the oni mask that his cheeks stiffened.

It was a look that many would undoubtedly mistake the true meaning of. The Emperor, who was too wise, and thus often omitted words that should not be omitted, was laconic even with that expression.

He suspected that he was probably the only one who could correctly interpret the meaning of that expression, given his many years alongside the Emperor.

Chisha: [Ahh, and yet――]

By some chance, maybe, perhaps, he had held some expectation.

That maybe there was someone who could look head-on at this Vincent Vollachia, a magnificently wise Emperor, and an all too foolish and self-deprecating man.

He could not help but think so.

Chisha: [――――]

When light broke through the castle wall, missed the form of Vincent as he was pushed away, and pierced Chisha’s chest as he wore the “mask” of the Emperor, he saw it outside the window.

――An accomplice who should have been far away, was riding a flying dragon and flew toward this place.

None may live, having had their hearts pierced.

Consequently, that was an event inevitable, the terminus of fate as was bound to arrive.

Chisha: [――――]

The man had died.

He was Chesha Trim, became Chisha Gold, and finally as Vincent Vollachia, the man had died.

Before the lord he had devoted his loyalty to, and the accomplice who had assisted him in deceiving that lord, he had died.

――And that was the entirety of what had transpired, in that moment.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And so, the story has converged to the form it should have originally taken, and the time of the Great Disaster has come.

The hordes of the resurrected dead, commanded by the Witch desiring the destruction of the Empire, shall set the world ablaze.

Despite the gathered Nine Divine Generals joining different camps than they should have, or even having the conclusion of their whole lives changed, to exhibit their greatest valor, they shall set their lives ablaze.

The girls crossing into a neighboring country to search for the cherished boy they were separated from shall witness a heroic turning point that will arrive in the Empire, and without losing hope in the midst of it all, shall set their bonds ablaze.

And the woman like the sun, possessing one half of the two Yang Swords which should have never existed, in order to respond to the horde of the dead whose existence has been twisted and the Witch baring her rage toward her, she shall shine with her unchanging arrogant beauty and set her soul ablaze.

At the core of this story painted with flames and flames and flames, those who witnessed the death of the man who deceived all until the end, with their voices hoarse, tears of blood shed, and souls cracked, they shall set fate ablaze.

???: [――Stand! Don’t give up! Giving up is the one thing I will never allow! You should have known a long time ago why that guy lied to you!!]

???: [Silence, foolish commoner. What in the world can you say about me? I am――]

???: [You are!!]

Both: [The 77th Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia.]

With trembling knees about to buckle, the man rose.

Desperately keeping his sobbing heart in check, the boy clenched his fists.

A young girl, blaming herself for her lack of power, told herself there is still more she can do and raised her head, while a child grabbing onto her pointed toward the Great Disaster shaking the Empire and howled.

There was a large hole in the castle walls, and looking down from there, two men lined up.

Side by side, their gazes met, Natsuki Subaru and Vincent Vollachia, two people who joined together with the karma that they should have met far sooner, two people entrusted with this by the man who deceived fate until the end, they shall destroy the advancing Great Disaster, and to seize the future that man desired, they shall face forward.

Vincent: [I am your Emperor, Vincent Vollachia. ――One of the Sword Wolves of the Empire.]

Subaru: [My name is Natsuki Subaru, just a passerby shaking the realm like roaring thunder, but I am the accomplice of the great liar, Chisha Gold!]

The two of them declared their positions, the air of the Imperial Capital resounded with loud and strong voices.

Natsuki Subaru grimaced as he relayed how they had assembled the game board so that the greatest amount of military power would be concentrated in the Imperial Capital when the coming Great Disaster and terrifying hordes of enemies descended upon them.

And then――,

Subaru: [I took the baton you passed me against my will. ――Bring it on, O inevitable fate!!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――It was probably an instance where a single misstep sent the entire journey astray.

With but a single misalignment of gears, the tale twisted askew, and the rails of fate changed course with ease.

When the expected flow of events shifted, the torrent of destiny tossed people around like leaves from a tree.

And yet.

And yet, what if they still finally found their way unto that changeless shore on the other side, unyielding?

Surely, it was only when a strong, unwavering desire utterly deceived that Commandment.

It was precisely within that once-in-a-lifetime lie that the meaning of that man’s life dwelled――,

Chisha: [――If this is my one and only chance for a starring performance, then I shall close the curtains like so.]

Fin.

With that, that was our annual April Fool’s Day project!

He was a man who had little time on stage in the main story, and only revealed his true intentions at the very end.

He was a character who had nothing revealed except the important parts since he had almost no contact with Subaru. However, if they were to encounter each other in an alternate timeline ――This became the seventh chapter of IF.

In this timeline, the characters involved here and there are different, the development of events Subaru follows changes, and there are individuals he can be deeply involved with and those he can’t, overall it is quite interesting. And yet, in either route, Subaru cross-dresses. It is his fate.

Anyways, thank you for joining me again this year!

I’m glad, since I only wanted to do this on April Fool’s Day, after the Empire arc was done.

How much do the positions of the characters or who survives change between the main story and Azamuku? I think I will bring up these matters again at another time, perhaps in an activity report!

Well, thanks! Have good dreams!

Translation Notes:

[1] – A gag from a classic manga by Osamu Tezuka called Black Jack. A character called Pinoko would make a face where both hands were squishing her cheeks while saying “Acchonburike!” when surprised.

[2] – Chisha’s power, Noh (『能』), literally means talent or ability, but is a reference to Noh theater, written with the same kanji. See here for more information on it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noh

[3] – Subaru does not seem to recognize the word 大災 (Great Disaster) at first, since it is a rare term. He repeats the word in katakana (タイサイ), which indicates he is likely sounding it out before then realizing what it means. One potentially funny interpretation is that he may have initially thought Chisha said bok choy, since one term for bok choy in Japanese is a homophone.

[4] – A zori is a traditional Japanese sandal.

If you would like to know more about this route, we have translated Tappei’s supplementary notes on it, which you can read here .

A message from one of the contributors to this translation:

Not a day goes by where I don’t miss Erifuru. He was one of the closest friends I’ve ever had. He showed me an abundance of warmth and kindness, and stuck by me and supported me during turbulent times. He etched a large mark in my life and having the privilege to know him changed me for the better. This translation is dedicated to his memory.

--- Re: Azamuku IF (Vollachia Route) ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Art Sources:

This translation is dedicated to Erifuru , a translator and friend who will be deeply missed.

This is a just barely in-time update for the annual April Fool’s Day project!

The story this time is part of the IF Story series that have been released up till now, but it is a slightly different type of story. Of course, I wanted to write it, so I wrote it as I liked.

What kind of story could it be? I hope you enjoy it and I look forward to seeing you in the afterword!

――It was probably an instance where a single misstep sent the entire journey astray.

With but a single misalignment of gears, the tale twisted askew, and the rails of fate changed course with ease.

When the expected flow of events shifted, the torrent of destiny tossed people around like leaves from a tree.

And yet, what if they still finally found their way unto that changeless shore on the other side, unyielding?

Surely, it was only when a strong, unwavering desire utterly deceived that Commandment.

It was precisely within that once-in-a-lifetime lie that the meaning of that man’s life dwelled.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Haa, haa… hk!]

The girl panted as she fled, desperately clutching the child’s hand.

Despite running with all her might, the girl’s speed was lacking. For, within this unfamiliar land, one of her legs was impaired. ――Nay, if one called it an unfamiliar land, then for this girl, the whole world was strange.

This was a place she did not recognize whatsoever, these circumstances were beyond her comprehension, and as for her current situation, she could fathom naught.

Thus――,

???: [Uu! Uu, aau!]

Dragged by the girl’s hand, the child, whose name she did not even know, had been continuously wailing inarticulate cries.

Girl: [――Hk.]

Tightly biting her lips, the girl banished the weakness within her mind and faced ahead.

Indeed, at this moment, everything was unknown to her.. However, certain truths were clear. She knew that she must not let go of this child’s hand, and that she must continue to run forward.

In the midst of this world awash with unknowns, the girl’s instinct cried out for her to flee. Escape was the sole means by which the girl could express her will to resist; a protest permitted to her present self.

Girl: [That, person… hk.]

Whilst experiencing a pain that seared her breath-starved lungs, the girl’s bewildered mind envisioned a single figure. It had the appearance of a boy with black hair and mean-looking eyes, and its very presence evoked both negative impulses as well as strange feelings――,

???: [―― Oh, it’s really an Oni. That’s unusual. ]

Girl: [――Hk.]

That carefree voice suddenly intruded on the girl’s thoughts, sending a tremor throughout her body, and she sharply whirled about.

Mirrored in the girl’s pale blue eyes was a one-eyed woman wearing an eyepatch who was running―― nay, flying beside her. She was a beautiful woman with the animal ears of a dogperson and much of her brown skin exposed to the wind. At the entrance of the woman cutting through the air with a long branch in her grasp, the child that was being dragged behind the girl let out a shriek.

The moment she heard that scream, the girl reflexively attempted to fend off the woman with her free hand.

However――,

Woman: [――? That didn’t connect. It’s a shame, but…]

Off-balance, her swung arm was seized effortlessly, and in turn, she found herself pulled in.

Their faces had drawn so near to one another that the tips of their noses were about to touch, and in the woman’s red eye uncovered by an eyepatch, the girl beheld her own visage in its reflection.

It was an unfamiliar face. ――That was the face of a girl who did not understand the world, let alone herself.

Woman: [I was told to capture you.]

Girl: [――Ah.]

The instant the girl beheld her reflection, the woman lightly tapped the center of her chest with a finger, and the girl felt a minute shock course throughout her entire body.

The action had effortlessly stolen the strength from the girl’s limbs, forcing her to collapse to her knees.

Girl: [Ugh!]

Woman: [That child, too.]

Beside the collapsed girl, the brave child leapt at the woman.

However, the woman caught the strike with the ease of twisting a baby’s hand, and then, that same shock the girl had endured was delivered to the child’s brow, and with an “Aauu?”, she flopped and toppled over as if all her strength had been sapped away.

As a result, the chase sequence starring the girl and the small child reached its anticlimactic conclusion.

Girl: [You, are…]

Woman: [Don’t worry, no harm will… well, I’m not sure. Sorry.]

As the girl crawled toward the dazed child, straining her voice, the woman offered words of apology. But, that was by no means a consolation, as there was no sense of being saved by that apology.

Whether she ought to deem it sincerity or clumsiness, the girl could choose neither.

Slowly but surely, as the child before her slipped into unconsciousness, so too did her own reality begin to fade away.

Woman: [Let’s go, Oni girl.]

Girl: [I, am…]

The sensation of being picked up by the woman was an action she could not resist. As her consciousness gradually faded to white, the girl’s lips trembled feebly.

Being called an Oni failed to resonate with her. That being said, there was another way she had been called――,

Rem: [――Rem.]

That name had been spoken by the black-haired boy enveloped in that dreadful, abhorrent stench.

Perhaps, it was some kind of illusion. ――That above all else, that name somehow felt familiar to her empty self that lacked anything.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Things had taken a troublesome turn.

A combination of dread and vigilance coursed like lightning through Natsuki Subaru’s mind, compelling him to act urgently.

Why, why, why ; he had not even a moment to spare in order to ponder such a question.

He organized his thoughts concerning recent events: the arrival of the opportunity for a long-awaited reunion, and the bitter sorrow that came thereafter when reality had failed to meet his hopes. Suppressing that grief, focusing his mind on the precious people he had been separated from, he steeled his resolve to escape this irrational, senseless impasse―― at least, that was what he ought to do.

And yet――,

???: [Kakakakka! Ya young’uns really are terrifyin’! Even I’ve never seen one with this much recklessness, impossibility, and sheer madness. Amazin’, amazin’.]

The hoarse voice rang out in a hearty laugh, accompanied by a knifehand thrust like steel that struck his heart.

His back was pierced by the knifehand, and as he beheld his own heart torn from his chest, in a tempest of agony and shock, Subaru died instantly.

×  ×  ×

???: [How did a friggin’ human like yourself slip past the watch of us dragons? I don’t know how the frig ’ you did, and that fact I don’t is the height of friggin’ disrespect!]

Bearing a sweet outward appearance, the tantrum of this destructive being was clad in a tempest with a single swing of her arm.

That slender arm did not even need to make contact with him, stirring up a gale which seized the boy’s body and hurled him against the castle walls. Tasting the pain of all of his bones shattering, Subaru died instantly.

×  ×  ×

???: [Deceived… my eyes. Do not understand… how? Scary.]

The shapeshifting statue in the beautiful garden voiced its dread, swinging down an arm that resembled a marble pillar.

Once, then twice, he had managed to evade the arm, but he could not do so forever. The third blow grazed his leg, robbing his body of all mobility, followed by the fourth strike landing a direct blow on him, and as he was compressed to a tenth of his original size, Subaru died instantly.

×  ×  ×

???: [――! Who are you! Don’t you realize whose castle this is, you fool!]

With a gallant, inflexible, righteous fury, sharp thorns flashed like blades.

His whole body was ensnared by purple vines covered in thorns, and as every bit of his flesh was rent asunder, as Subaru’s consciousness was shattered by the unbearable pain of his spilt blood and how the thorns on the vines writhing like they had a will of their own were gnawing at his wounds, he breathed his last.

×  ×  ×

???: [There he is! Don’t let him get away!!]

???: [You villain!]

???: [Do you think you can get away with this!?]

He was cornered by bearers of steel who had flushed out their prey, holding a will to fight that had been honed.

Surrounded on all sides, with neither a place to escape, nor anyone who would lend an ear to his excuses, the thrusting blades pierced his entire body, and suffering all of those mortal wounds, Subaru collapsed and breathed his last.

×  ×  ×

Subaru: [In the first place――]

Subaru gritted his teeth, wondering if he had erred in his choices from the outset, having repeated Death five times.

Subaru had already been alone at the new starting point of Return by Death. ――It may have been a mistake to end up here alone in the first place.

When he thought about how she might be suffering the same things he had even at this very moment, that alone was enough turmoil to crack and shatter his heart.

What was it that he needed?

What possibilities must he secure?

Where was the checkpoint that he must reach?

Walking a tightrope that was far too narrow and unreliable, having to reach the other side no matter the cost, what exactly was it that Subaru must be able to fulfill?

Subaru: [――――]

It was a situation where he must attract attention, yet if Subaru moved carelessly, he would be obstructed by a tough opponent that was far and away beyond his own abilities, and they would take his life all too quickly.

There were a great many enemies. And not a single one had a shred of mercy. ――Subaru’s path was blocked by individuals who had absolutely no qualms about killing their opponents.

In order to break through that, to surmount it, that tiny, minute gap in the possibilities, he would――

Subaru: [――――]

Running over carefully tidied lawns, Subaru headed in a different direction than all the other routes which had been closed off to him, and found an opulent detached palace.

Gaudy and beautiful, yet less gaudy compared the castle that Subaru had just been trying and failing to escape, and he would hope that it had a bit less stringent security.

Accordingly, he should be able to obtain at least a single piece of information. ――With such an intention, Subaru smashed a window in a place void of any signs of people, unlocked it, and tumbled into the Imperial Residence.

In the next instant――,

???: [――You fool.]

He had climbed over the window frame and just put the tips of his toes on the floor.

As soon as he heard that weighty, stern voice, Subaru’s legs were clipped from the side, and he was mercilessly slammed headfirst into the floor.

Subaru: [Oguahh!]

The instant he let out a shriek of pain and his vision flickered red, the worst scenarios flashed through his mind.

After all, up to now, Subaru had repeatedly ended up having his life stolen away from him by completely different people in different ways, all in the span of around ten minutes.

That’s why it was no wonder that, in the midst of the pain, he had resigned himself to it being the same again.

However――,

???: [You, how did you manage to evade the security and get in here?]

The expected arrival of the shock of Death did not befall him, but instead, a question was asked of him.

While grimacing in pain, Subaru lay sprawled out spread-eagle on the floor, and he caught a glimpse of the person who had raised that query to him―― the one who had intercepted Subaru sneaking into the Imperial Residence.

Subaru: [――――]

Standing there, with black hair and black eyes, was a handsome man with tidy features that gave off the impression of a frightening intellect. That individual wearing a crimson outfit that conveyed the quality of its tailoring with a single glance was warily looking down upon Subaru with a gaze as sharp as that of a bird of prey.

That glare usurped his conscious thought, and Subaru froze like he had been pinned down. ――And yet, it was not simply the gaze of the handsome man that had immobilized Subaru.

Handsome Man: [Did you not hear my question? It would be irreverent to not provide any answer.]

With an austere voice and words, the handsome man was about to callously decide Subaru’s fate.

However, rather than this cruel reality, Subaru’s awareness was seized by the strange phenomenon before his eyes―― the profound mystery within the full-length mirror placed beside the handsome man looking down on him.

Upon the mirror, the reflected image of the dark-haired handsome man was different. ――Reflected there was a man, taller than the handsome man with black hair, possessing white hair, white clothes, and a pale face.

As Subaru gasped at the peculiarity of that, the handsome man in reality shut one eye and tapped his foot.

And then, as if an ultimatum, he asked a question once more.

Handsome Man: [There shall not be a third time. Take care, and answer my question.]

Subaru blinked at the overlapping images, and then his consciousness returned to reality.

Then, the figure of the man in white who had just been visible within the mirror a moment prior was nowhere to be seen, and all that remained was the form of the handsome man who stared at him with a dreadfully overbearing attitude.

Seeing this, Subaru swallowed his breath, and then spoke.

Subaru: [――My name is Natsuki Subaru.]

It was an inadequate answer to any of the questions that the handsome man had asked.

Thinking back on it later, even Subaru himself could not think of a proper reason why he had given his name here, had introduced himself without falsifying his identity.

He could only assume that it was an intuitive answer, drawn from his brain which had become confused due to erratically and reflexively accumulating absurd and irrational Deaths over and over again within a short span of time.

Hearing that answer of Subaru’s that could easily strike a nerve with someone, the handsome man――,

Handsome Man: [――Lugunica’s… Lolimancer, is it?]

Yes, he raised his finely shaped eyebrows, and with a hint of bewilderment that did not suit his face, which was like the embodiment of an arrogance that placed all the events of the world within his own palms, he muttered so.

――This itself, was the first misstep.

Natsuki Subaru, who had unexpectedly been sent to the Sacred Vollachian Empire, and “Vincent Vollachia”, the pinnacle of the Land of the Sword Wolves―― it was the meeting of the two whose destinies should never have crossed paths in the first place, comrades who would deceive fate.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――I’ve brought them.]

Saying that, the one who brazenly stepped into the office of the Imperial Residence was a young girl with a strangely revealing outfit that showed off her brown skin, dog ears, and an eyepatch over her left eye; she was overloaded with character traits.

Subaru was taken aback by her appearance, but when he saw that she was carrying Rem upon her slender shoulders and an extra person under her arm, he exclaimed “Rem!” as he hurriedly rushed over.

Subaru: [Are you hurt anywhere?… Opossum !]

Eyepatch Girl: [Don’t do that so suddenly, it surprised me.]

As he tried to ensure she was safe, toes drilled into his defenseless solar plexus and he fell in agony.

The girl with the eyepatch had only casually lifted her bare foot, but it was not a matter of the strength of her legs, but rather of the skill to precisely gouge his vitals―― no, it was a brutal, instinctual kick without any such calculation behind it.

However, despite having his organs bored through by the shock, Subaru staggered over to Rem, slung over the girl’s shoulder, and after confirming her breathing and the tinge of red on her cheeks, he heaved a sigh of relief.

Subaru: […It seems like nothing bad. She’ll actually wake up, right?]

Eyepatch Girl: [I only put her to sleep. She’ll wake up soon. This one too.]

Subaru: [I don’t care about that one. If anything, I’d rather she’d stay asleep forever.]

Eyepatch Girl: […Your relationships are… complicated?]

Subaru: [Not at all. Rem is important, that one isn’t. That’s all.]

Subaru glared at the blonde girl being held under the girl’s arm opposite to Rem.

At his declaration, the girl’s one red eye widened and her lips twitched. It seemed like Subaru’s answer was not to her liking in some way, but unfortunately it was his true thoughts.

But it was impossible to mend things between them. ――Unlike the courageous, gentle, hard-working, and compassionate Rem, that girl was a monster who had piled up a mountain of unpardonable sins.

Subaru: [――Louis Arneb.]

With a whisper, Subaru muttered the girl’s―― the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony’s name.

Right now, she seemed to be sleeping, but she was one of the enemies who had thoroughly tormented him during the battles at the Pleiades Watchtower and made him experience hell. It was a mystery as to why she, who was supposed to be an incorporeal entity, had manifested with a body in reality, but there was no way she was up to anything good.

In any case――,

Subaru: [Thank you for not hurting Rem. You are…?]

Eyepatch Girl: [Arakiya.]

Subaru: [Thanks, Arakiya-chan! I’m in your debt!]

Bowing deeply, Subaru expressed his gratitude toward the girl―― toward Arakiya.

Although she probably did not hold a favorable impression of Subaru due to his treatment of Louis a moment ago, for his part, Subaru felt a strong sense of gratitude and debt toward Arakiya.

And the person who had ordered Arakiya to do this for him was――,

Subaru: [Thank you for saving us. Umm…]

???: [――Vincent Vollachia.]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [Seventy-seventh Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia.]

The one who introduced himself once again was the handsome man with black hair, sitting behind an ebony desk.

This person was the one who had confronted Subaru when he had snuck into the Imperial Residence and had come one step short of striking him down for his insolence. And, if the name he had just given was the truth, he was the most powerful man in the Empire.

Subaru: [Arakiya-chan?]

Arakiya: [It’s true… or a bit of a lie?]

Subaru: [A bit of a lie?]

Vincent: [Arakiya, do not talk out of turn. ――If you wish to regain what you truly desire, take care to conduct yourself in a manner that does not upset my good graces.]

Arakiya: […Nnh.]

Arakiya, who had responded to Subaru and his attempt at confirmation, was rebuked by that handsome man―― by Vincent, and she nodded with a look of slight discontent.

Arakiya lowered Rem and Louis onto a sofa for guests, and let them sleep. As for Subaru, he wanted to separate the two sleeping there as much as possible, but since he lacked the situation or the standing to make such a request, he simply clenched his fists tightly and endured it.

After all, this was the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

Subaru had spent a year learning the culture and general knowledge of this other world; and this was the neighboring nation of the Kingdom of Lugunica, which differed from it starting from the soil on up, the Imperial Capital where a figure of most august rank resided.

Vincent: [So? Lolimancer, explain it to me once more.]

Subaru: […Rather than that, could you please refer to me as Natsuki Subaru? As you can see, I don’t have the lovely, charming , pretty girl that makes me worthy of the title with me right now.]

Arakiya: [What about this child?]

Subaru: [She’s a girl who’s not lovely , nor charming , nor pretty .]

Subaru gave a curt response to Arakiya, who had inquired thus while pointing at Louis. Then, he turned his gaze back toward Vincent once again, and the Emperor closed one of his black eyes.

Vincent: [Speak, Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: […No matter how many times you ask, it won’t change much. We were at the tower of the Sage, in the far east of Lugunica. A lot happened at the tower, but I’ll leave that out… In the end, part of the Witch of Envy overflowed from the shrine near the Great Waterfall and swallowed us. Then, the next thing I knew, I was flung to the grounds of this castle…]

Arakiya: […Your story sounds like a lie. Are you lying?]

Subaru: [I get what I’m saying is totally suspicious, but on the other hand there is no reason for me to give you a story that is nothing but lies, so I’d like you to believe me…!]

He had thought he had laid out the facts, but Arakiya was rightly suspicious.

However, it was the person concerned, Subaru, who wanted an explanation of the situation. After finishing the battle with the Gluttonies at the Pleiades Watchtower, and then losing a companion he did not want to lose under the pretense of a Trial, and just as his frayed heart had begun to settle, this had occurred.

Subaru: [I’m sure Emilia-tan, Beako, and the others are quite worried right about now… Something like, “I can’t believe you, you ended up in the Empire somehow, and on the grounds of the castle of the Imperial Capital no less.”]

Vincent: [That you are a spy quite lacking in the skill of your excuses, contrary the skill of your infiltration, is currently the most likely explanation. If there is a point of note, it is that you identify yourself as Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: […It’s not a lie, I’m telling the truth, but was that really that significant to you?]

Vincent: [It is well known to the Empire that the Lolimancer is one of the Knights to a Candidate for the Royal Selection. The menaces of the Witch Cult and the Three Great Witchbeasts are not something that even Vollachia is isolated from.]

Subaru: [I see…]

Vincent: [A non-aggression pact was signed between the Empire and the Kingdom. I could insist that your mere presence here has shattered that agreement, however…]

Subaru: [No, that’s, well you know, I plead for your forgiveness.]

It would be terrible if Subaru carelessly giving out his name was the cause of the two nations plunging into a state of war. In the first place, this was truly an unfortunate misunderstanding, an unforeseen accident.

Subaru had no way to explain it, and it was shameful that he could do nothing but desperately insist that the truth that appeared to be a lie was, in fact, the truth, but――,

???: [My ohhh~ my, that’s just a bit too much of a threat, now isn’t it, Your Excellency? I don’t think we can afford to deal with the Kingdom right now, myself.]

Subaru: [――! W-who are you!?]

Subaru’s shoulders twitched at the unexpected voice of a third-party, and he turned around. When he did, he found that the office door had opened slightly, and his eyes met with the suspicious person peeking through the opening.

The suspicious person whom he had made eye contact with waved at Subaru, and opened the door with a defiant smile. Then, with broad strides, he brazenly stepped foot into the office.

Suspicious Man: [In accordance with my commandment, I have been called here, Your Excellency.]

Vincent: [I do not remember calling for you.]

Suspicious Man: [I didn’t saaay~ that, though? I said, in accordance with my commandment. I rarely get the chance to, so when the odd opportunity comes, I need to act as a proper Stargazer.]

The one who responded with a frivolous smile to Vincent, the Emperor, was a gentle-looking effeminate man with long ashen hair.

He seemed to have a different air about him than the soldiers he had seen in the castle, or the transcendental beings he had come across, and as far as Subaru could see, he did not seem to be a fighter.

Subaru: [Umm, this person is…]

Arakiya: [I hate him.]

Subaru: [I don’t want to know who you like or dislike, I want to know what his position is.]

Suspicious Man: [Ah, sorry, sorry. I’m not very attentive at times like these. My naaame~ is Ubilk, and I’m technically a Stargazer at this Crystal Palace. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Stargazer-san of the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [Stargazer… of the Kingdom?]

Subaru tilted his head at that unexpected sound when he was called such by that effeminate man―― the man who named himself as Ubilk, with a frivolous smile still on his face.

However, before Subaru could find out what that meant,

Vincent: [Natsuki Subaru is a Stargazer? Are you certain?]

Ubilk: [If you’re asking me if I’m certain or not, I have no way of confirming it since the Kingdom is outside my jurisdiction, but… I’d wager Your Excellency has come up with a similar theory regarding it.]

Vincent: [A puppet of the stars such as yourself would pose a conjecture as to my speculations?]

Ubilk: [Of course nooot~, I don’t have such a high view of myself as to believe myself capable of guessing the thoughts of Your Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia… I’m just giving a recommendation.]

Vincent: [――. You may speak.]

Ubilk: [I have recited the stars. ――He will beee~ of great use to you, Your Excellency.]

Jerking his chin, Ubilk made that evaluation of Subaru in a light-hearted tone. In response, Subaru pointed at himself and instinctively said, “Me?” out loud.

Truthfully, combining this treatment as a Stargazer, the details of which was still unclear to him, with the discussion about Subaru, made him feel like this exchange being had was going over his head.

Ubilk: [Considering our relationship with the Kingdom, the intention to sever that anxiety of what may come could well give birth to a pretext that will not vanish. If that‘s the case, I believe it would be wise to add him to your hand instead. You have some perfectly convenient hostages, don’t youuu~? It’s a quick way for you both to reach an agreement, no?]

Subaru: [Convenient hostages… Wait, you’re not talking about Rem are you? No way!]

Ubilk: [Ha haah~ ha, you really are an honest person. If you had insisted that this young lady who accompanied you here wasn’t valuable as a hostage, things would have changed a bit.]

Subaru: [Guh, nnn…]

Ubilk: [Ooor~, would you like me to rephrase that just now? The young lady who accompanied him is worthless to Natsuki Subaru…]

Subaru: [Ha? Rem is so precious to me that I would sacrifice my life for her without regret.]

After he replied exactly like that, he witnessed Ubilk’s smile deepen, and Subaru brought his hand to his forehead as he completely fell for the trap.

That said, he could not lie here and say that Rem was worthless to him.

Subaru: [I’m not Otto. I really can’t say something I don’t mean.]

Otto: [I can’t agree with you calling strategy in a time of crisis proof of a bad character, though!]

Subaru sighed, an imaginary Otto shouting in the back of his mind. Dismissing it with a wave of his hand, Subaru looked toward Vincent.

Vincent placed a finger on the tip of his slender chin, and looked like he was examining Ubilk’s current proposal. Although, from the look on his face, Subaru could guess that he had already arrived at his answer.

And sure enough――,

Vincent: [――Natsuki Subaru, the situation you have been placed in is far from bright. Regardless of the veracity of your prior poor explanation, the fact remains that you have stepped foot into my country. And beyond that, this is while the Empire has entered wartime and is in the middle of an unparalleled national crisis.]

Subaru: [Wartime… There’s a war!? With who… where!?]

Vincent: [Here.]

Without censuring Subaru for panicking and forgetting to use respectful language, Vincent tapped the floor with his shoe. Subaru blinked, as he momentarily did not connect that response to his question.

But soon the implication reached his mind…

Subaru: [By here… No way, a civil war in the Empire?]

Vincent: [Precisely. The Emperor and the rebels shall fight over the throne of the Empire.]

Subaru: [――――]

At the confirmation of the reality of a war, a civil war at that, Subaru was involuntarily lost for words. Extending his hand toward that speechless Subaru, Vincent thus announced.

Like a bird of prey, with a gaze and expression of absolute power, the Vollachian Emperor thus announced.

Vincent: [No matter your circumstances, should you want to survive, you shall have to join me, Natsuki Subaru. ――In order to leave the Empire as it should be, in the hands of Vincent Vollachia.]

――Seriously, things had taken a troublesome turn.

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent Vollachia’s declaration caused Subaru to explode in rage with all his heart at the greatest absurdity of fate since he was first summoned to this world.

So far he had encountered many unreasonable situations. It could be said that he had been beaten down by countless absurdities, such as the hardship he had suffered at the Pleiades Watchtower.

And yet, there had still been continuity between them. It could also be said that there had been reasonable logic in how those situations had slowly gotten worse and worse, until it had been driven into an absurd situation.

Yet this time, it was not that way at all.

Subaru’s arrival in the Vollachian Empire, without any warning, had been absurd. If it had not been the Imperial Capital of Vollachia, but a more remote region, or perhaps the Kararagi City-States or the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko that he had been sent to, it would not have been so strange, and yet, it was here.

If he could not call this absurd, then just what could he call it――,

Arakiya: [Ah.]

???: [Uuh, nnn…]

Suddenly, Arakiya noticed something, and let out a sound, followed by Rem on the sofa beginning to stir.

Realizing this was a sign of her awakening, Subaru turned to look at Rem with a snap. Then he knelt next to her on the sofa and waited for her eyelids, framed by her lashes, to slowly open. He could vaguely see himself reflected in her pale blue eyes, and…

Subaru: [Rem! Thank goodness, are you okay? Do you hurt anywhere? Are you injured, or feeling sick? If anything is unusual anywhere, let’s immediately…]

Rem: [――Hk, why are you here!?]

Subaru: [Ghwow!]

After that brief period of him worrying about her condition, the awake Rem immediately shoved Subaru away. Subaru was blown away by the unrestrained power of that strike, and Ubilk lay in his trajectory.

With a “Huuuh~?”, a wide-eyed Ubilk was caught up by the flying Subaru, and the two of them tumbled to the edge of the room, entangled.

Ignoring Subaru and Ubilk, Rem sat up on the sofa and scanned her surroundings.

Rem: [W-where is that child… and you! From before!]

Arakiya: […Your Excellency?]

Vincent: [――. This is the Imperial Residence of the Emperor. This is far too noisy for such a place.]

Witnessing Arakiya before her, Rem became even more wary. Seeing Rem’s gaze, Arakiya turned her sleepy eyes toward Vincent, and the Emperor quietly lamented so.

As the Emperor had said, the situation was somehow lacking tension, and yet――,

Louis: [Uuu?]

The scene with the least tension was when Louis woke up late, rubbed her eyes, then tilted her head quizzically.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Trespassing upon the Imperial Residence inhabited by His Excellency Vincent Vollachia, located within the Crystal Palace at the northern end of the Imperial Capital Lupugana of the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

The crime committed by Subaru and Rem would definitely get them executed around seven times over.

Subaru and her were convicted criminals by Imperial law, but the reason they were not executed was due to the considerate discretion of the Emperor overflowing with mercy and compassion―― of course, that was not the case.

???: [As far as I am concerned, I would prefer to place individuals such as yourself that are inconvenient to deal with under house arrest until the issues of highest priority are dealt with, and remove the option of adding you to the discussion.]

Subaru: [You’re being super clear that I’m a nuisance, huh?]

???: [You are aware of this yourself, are you not? Under these circumstances, giving your name as that of a Knight involved in the Royal Selection of Lugunica, regardless of the veracity of that claim, only invites needless disaster.]

Subaru: […Unfortunately, my fame in the Kingdom is only around the level where passersbys on the street will wave at me.]

Having said that, Subaru was also starting to contemplate on whether it had been imprudent of him to have carelessly given his name. However, if he had done or said anything other than giving the name Natsuki Subaru at that time, he feared he may have left himself under Vincent’s discretion without any negotiation.

It had probably been the correct decision to confront Vincent in proportion to the willingness to listen he had displayed.

Subaru: [The others came to take my life without any questions…]

???: [If anything, I am impressed your neck is still so well connected to your body… The fact that you headed straight toward the Imperial Residence where His Excellency was at is also a point that adds to my suspicions.]

In that regard, it had been a process of elimination where every other route had been a beeline toward disaster, but it was clear that he would not be able to convince this old man with slits for eyes with such an explanation.

Imperial Prime Minister, Berstetz Fondalfon. ――That was the name and title of this old man with slits for eyes, and it was easy to understand the reasons why he was wary of Subaru, an outsider.

Subaru: [No matter what I say, you’ll think what you do, but I’m really not plotting or scheming anything. To be honest, I want to return to Lugunica soooon.]

Berstetz: [As you stated, it does not matter what you say to me. With the present state of affairs where border crossings are already restricted, it is unfeasible to be rash and send you back there when you have yet to be cleared of suspicions of being a covert agent.]

Subaru: [A torrent of sound arguments…]

Subaru sighed and his shoulders drooped at Berstetz’s strict words.

This place was a corner of the Imperial Capital, Lupugana, and it was here where Berstetz’s manor lay. Subaru had received a gracious verdict for his crime of trespassing upon the Imperial Residence, and he was being kept at the estate of the Prime Minister for now.

Berstetz, who was well-regarded by the Emperor, Vincent, was properly complying with the order to hold custody over his person, although he did not relax even one ounce of vigilance toward Subaru. Subaru too, had no major complaints about his treatment, despite feeling the sharpness of Berstetz’s attitude of unconcealed distrust.

If he had to say anything, it would be that it was almost frustrating that he had been so thoroughly strung along by Vincent’s calculations and had been unable to take any proactive steps to return to the Kingdom.

Or perhaps, the greatest reason Subaru and the others had been entrusted to Berstetz’s mansion, which had even stricter security than the Crystal Palace or the Imperial Residence, was due to that――,

???: [――I’m friggin’ back.]

En route back to his assigned room after finishing his interrogation by Berstetz, Subaru witnessed a flying dragon enveloped in a shroud of wind alighting in the garden of the mansion and a petite figure dismounting from its back.

The one there was a young girl in an adorable outfit, with two black horns that sprouted out of her sky-blue hair―― yet in contrast to that cuteness, she was a dragonkin who possessed unbelievable strength.

Subaru: [Madelyn-chan.]

Madelyn: […You friggin’ human. Don’t be so friggin’ casual and use “chan” for this dragon.]

The returning dragonkin girl, Madelyn, took notice of Subaru calling her name, and sniffed softly.

Madelyn seemed to be under Berstetz’s patronage, just like Subaru and the rest, and he often had the chance to cross paths with her in the mansion and interact. However, whenever they did, her bearing was harsh in this way, so he could not say they had established a good relationship.

Her harshness was not only directed at Subaru, but everyone at the mansion as well, however――,

Berstetz: [General First-Class Madelyn, how did it go? Those seeking the emancipation of General First-Class Goz are…]

Madelyn: [I friggin’ kicked them away. Let me say this now, us dragons don’t have any friggin’ obligation to take your insignificant circumstances into consideration, so I really did literally kick them the frig’ away.]

Berstetz: [No problem. His Excellency the Emperor ordered you to quell the revolt, and if you did what you deemed necessary to do so, then that is what is right for the Empire.]

Madelyn: [Hmph, you friggin’ boring senile fool.]

Madelyn shrugged at Berstetz’s answer, and upon her back she carried an armament around as large as her own petite frame―― a boomerang.

There was blood here and there upon the boomerang that she had failed to wipe off, and there was no doubt that was related to the “quelling” the two of them had discussed.

Subaru: [General First-Class Madelyn Eschart, and General First-Class Goz Ralfon…]

Murmuring that softly, Subaru thought of that which was beyond the walls that encircled the mansion―― of the landscape of the Imperial Capital with its buildings in orderly rows, and organized the various relationships swirling there through his head.

When he had first been sent here, he held almost no knowledge regarding the Vollachian Empire, and could only wander in confusion, but thanks to living in the mansion for the past few days, he now knew a few things.

For example, the one before him, Madelyn, had been bestowed with the rank of General First-Class, which was bestowed upon none but the strongest existences of the Empire, and

was a member of the Nine Divine Generals, an individual of the greatest military ability.

The other was also a member of the same Nine Divine Generals, a character known as the renowned Lion Knight, Goz Ralfon, who had rebelled against the Emperor, and was currently restrained within the prison of the Crystal Palace. The violent actions of Goz, who had a profound bond of trust with his subordinates, had caused much chaos amongst the troops.

It appeared that the group of soldiers Madelyn had just routed had been appealing for the pardon and release of the imprisoned Goz. He could understand saying that such a response was reasonable, since by siding with Goz, who had turned his blade against the Emperor, they too possessed the potential to become part of the rebels.

Subaru: [I’ve thought this day after day, but the culture is just too different…]

The Kingdom of Lugunica was about as safe and peaceful as modern-day Japan―― As someone who had lost their life many times in the Kingdom, this was not something Subaru would ever say. However, clearly different rules from the Kingdom had been imposed by the Vollachian Empire, and it was exceedingly difficult to ascertain the boundary between common sense and senselessness.

However, he could not afford to show weakness.

Subaru: [If I’m discouraged, it would cause trouble for Rem. For Rem’s sake…]

???: [――What about me?]

Subaru: [Uwoh hyoh hoi!?]

Just as he slapped his cheeks to fill himself with motivation, that voice called out to him from behind, and he jumped and spun around with an Acchonburike expression, his cheeks still sandwiched between his hands. And then, with an “Uuu!”, he was embraced with an impact to the front of his waist and he nearly toppled over. [1]

Rem: [Louis-chan, you shouldn’t get too close. He’s just going to say more nasty things to you again.]

Louis: [Uuuau?]

Subaru: [That’s right. It’s as Rem said. I’ll say nasty things to you. Don’t cling to me.]

Louis: [Aaa, auaaau.]

Standing his ground, Subaru pulled off the body of the girl―― Louis, who was clinging to his waist, then casually tossed her to one side. Spinning, Louis handled it with the nimbleness of a cat, then after making a face also like that of a stray cat, she returned to the side of the girl with open arms.

Receiving the return of Louis with a hug, Rem cast a reproachful gaze upon Subaru.

Rem: [How can you be so cold to such a small child. I can’t comprehend it.]

Subaru: [Rem, I’ve said it over and over, but that’s a bomb pretending to be a child. She’s being obedient now, but there’s no telling when she might explode. Please trust me on this…]

Rem: […When you stink so much? That’s impossible.]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [What’s with that moved look on your face?]

Subaru: [Nothing, just you telling me “You stink, you stink” is also nostalgic, so it just brought back some deeply moving feelings.]

Rem: [Ha?]

The reaction from Rem as she embraced Louis was cold, and overall, Subaru’s feelings were not taken very positively.

Subaru knew that it was difficult when he just simply told Rem, who had no Memories and a nose that could only perceive the miasma Subaru was clad in, to believe in him, so even though it was painful, he endured it.

Subaru: [Compared to when we couldn’t even have this sort of exchange, it’s seriously a world of difference.]

Rem: […Truly, I don’t understand you.]

Despite her bluntness, it seemed like Rem had indescribably complicated emotions regarding Subaru’s reaction, where the joy seemed to be outweighed by the bitterness.

Even so, the reason she did not completely try to keep him at a distance due to the Miasma, was thanks to the initial incident at the Crystal Palace―― Because she tried to fully accept and understand the dedication shown when, after he had realized they had been sent to a dangerous location, he had volunteered to be a decoy and attempted to help Rem and Louis, well, strictly speaking only Rem, escape.

In actuality, Subaru had ended up Returning by Death so many times that he was really, really relieved that such a threat had not befallen Rem.

That said, he would be overjoyed if they could compromise just a bit more. For example――,

Madelyn: [Oni girl, this dragon has friggin’ returned. Help me with my friggin’ bath.]

Rem: [Of course, Madelyn-san, I understand.]

Something like the relationship between Rem and Madelyn, where unexpectedly, she could calmly respond to those haughty demands with such a tone.

Berstetz: [General First-Class Madelyn and Rem-dono have become quite close.]

Right then, Berstetz said exactly what Subaru had been thinking. Even if he took a glance at the old man’s profile, he could not read anything from his eyes that were so narrow, not even his irises were visible.

Not even whether he welcomes the relationship between them, or dislikes it.

Subaru: [Berstetz-san, you wouldn’t happen to be a demi-human collector , would you?]

Berstetz: [If that means being an antiquarian of precious bloodlines, then I cannot deny it in a broad sense. Powerful species have strong individuals, but contrarily they lack in their ability to protect their bloodlines. For the future of the Empire, we must treat them with care to ensure they are not lost.]

Subaru: [Speaking of the future of the Empire…]

Berstetz: [Are you curious to learn more? Lolimancer-dono of the Kingdom?]

Subaru: [ Don’t need to know …]

Lifting both hands, Subaru indicated he had retracted his careless curiosity.

They say curiosity killed the cat, but in the Empire it was a rule that would seriously not go unpunished.

However――,

Subaru: [Setting aside the dragonkin Madelyn-chan, whether Oni are valuable or not, Rem is my Rem.]

Rem: [Ha? Please don’t say that on your own. I can hear you.]

Subaru: [I didn’t say it so you wouldn’t hear me.]

Louis: [Uu!]

Having sharp ears, Rem caught what was being discussed, and made a complicated face upon hearing Subaru’s response. Why was Louis enjoying hugging her waist, beaming while in a good mood? It was annoying when she would cling to Subaru, but it was mentally draining having her embrace Rem in that way.

Then, it was as Subaru was thinking about tearing Louis away from Rem by force.

???: [Natsuki Subaru-dono, are you here!?]

His name called out so loudly, Subaru’s eyes widened as he wondered what was going on.

When he turned around, the figure of a tall individual was standing at the entrance to the mansion. Seeing it was a fierce-looking young man with short green hair, Subaru pursed his lips.

It was not particularly clear, but he recalled the young man’s face. ――He had been killed by him once before.

Subaru: [I am Natsuki Subaru.]

???: [I am Kafma Irulux, General Second-Class of the glorious Vollachian Empire. Natsuki Subaru-dono, you have been summoned by His Excellency, the Emperor.]

The young man who saluted before Subaru―― Kafma, announced this with a polite bow.

Subaru’s breath caught in his throat when he heard that the Emperor had summoned him. For the Emperor, who spent his time always occupied, to call for him for the first time in days, it would not be without meaning.

That is to say――,

Subaru: [Kafma… san,  do you know why the Emperor has called for me?]

Kafma: [I do not hold the authority to preemptively convey His Excellency the Emperor’s words. His Excellency will reveal to you exactly what you need to know.]

Kafma’s answer was the most military-esque of anyone he had spoken to thus far. With his wholehearted faithfulness and loyalty toward the Emperor, now that man known as the Lion Knight had been imprisoned as a rebel, he seemed to be the only Knight in an Empire without any other.

In any case――,

Subaru: [――Rem, I’m going to go out for a bit. I might be home late, so you can eat dinner without me.]

Rem: [Stop saying nonsensical things… Take care.]

Just that one phrase reluctantly and falteringly added at the end was enough to make him blush, as he was filled with unbelievable energy that he felt would allow him to persevere forever and ever.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: […It is true that I carelessly thought I would be able to get through it no matter what, but…]

???: [What. Do you have any complaints?]

???: [Of course, is that not obviously a given?]

Sitting in a luxurious dragon carriage and resting his head on his knees, Subaru retorted with those words to the Emperor whose cruelty was beyond compare, the one who had asked something so obvious.

The black-haired Emperor, shrugging slightly at Subaru’s objection,

Vincent: [You must be aware of your own circumstances, which are not only complicated, but even ominous, no?]

Subaru: [Ominous is an exaggeration. I am aware of my complicated position, and I feel that I should repay how you have overlooked that for me in some way. But that said…”]

Vincent: [――]

Subaru: [Separating me from Rem, and then taking me so far away is another story altogether!]

Exploding with such displeasure, Subaru was currently accompanying Vincent on an expedition.

Kafma had turned up at Berstetz’s mansion and had brought Subaru to the castle. With as few words as always, Vincent had arrogantly decreed, “Accompany me on my travels.”

Before he realized it, he was carried away just like that and put in a dragon carriage, and now he was here.

Subaru: [Kafma-san said that Your Excellency the Emperor would inform me of anything I needed to know, without hiding anything, and yet?]

Vincent: [Kafma Irulux’s remark was correct. I shall not hesitate to disclose any information that is necessary.]

Subaru: [But despite that, other than that our destination is a city called Chaosflame, I have not heard anything else?]

Vincent: [Is it necessary? For you to have more information than that?]

Subaru: [Of course it is!]

Going on an expedition while knowing nothing but the destination was like a variety show of a bygone era. It would be impossible to do now due to compliance violations of the modern age, as well as due to fears that they might be forced to do hard labour overseas; it could be considered close to a modern shady part-time job.

In either case, it would be out of line ethically.

However, instigator in question, the Emperor himself, sniffed softly,

Vincent: [Looking at your current appearance, I cannot believe that you harbor any anxiety over the future.]

He had declared so indifferently, without hesitation.

Subaru understood what Vincent wanted to say. He was probably referring to what was reflected in his black eyes: the current Subaru―― nay, Natsumi Schwartz.

He was wearing a beautiful long black wig and a red toned military uniform styled to conceal his figure. His makeup was flawless, and he appeared as a perfected lady from any angles.

Subaru/Schwartz: [However, I cannot say I like when people point at me and say suggestive things.]

Vincent: […Is there any point in continuing to put up that act before me, when I know your true identity?]

Subaru/Schwartz: [You can never know when you might be found out. Is this not a good thing? They say that God is in the details, which means devoting yourself with sincerity.]

Vincent: [――――]

Subaru/Schwartz: [To begin with, the reason I am accompanying you like this as Natsumi Schwartz is to comply with the wishes of Your Excellency the Emperor. The circumstances are what they are, but I simply cannot leave any records of myself being involved in something such as a civil war of the Empire.]

Subaru/Schwartz did not know every detail about the friction between the two nations, but he knew that so-called intervention in another country’s domestic affairs and collaboration across national borders could invite bad things, even if it were good deeds, depending on the situation.

Put simply, a Knight with ties to the Kingdom lending a helping hand to the Empire when it is in a crisis―― the difference between a fairy tale and the story of reality was that such a moving tale was inexcusable.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Therefore, I am Natsumi Schwartz.]

Vincent: [――. If you possess no doubts about yourself, I care not. As long as you work properly, I do not intend on putting fetters on any individual hobbies or tastes.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Hobbies…?]

Vincent: [I do not intend to engage in trivial questioning . You were the one who requested an explanation. If you were that damnable Ubilk, he would not have asked anything, but I suppose you are not.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [It troubles me that you put me alongside that person of ambiguous station. Speaking of, who is that person really? A pro jester beside a medieval king who relieves their boredom?]

Vincent: [It is true that that thing is a jester, but its role is not to stave off my boredom. Of course, the role I expect of you is the same. It was he who nominated you for this expedition after all.]

Subaru/Schwartz: […Ubilk-san, nominated me?]

Recalling the face of the frivolous, effeminate man, Subaru/Schwartz tilted his head.

From the beginning, Ubilk had acted with a mysterious sense of distance toward Subaru/Schwartz. Even more baffling was the reactions of Vincent and other authorities who allowed Ubilk to have an influential voice. Stargazer, that was how Ubilk was addressed. ――If that role was a prophetic position as Subaru/Schwartz vaguely conjectured, then it was a common trope in the settings of fantasy stories.

The problem was that there was a good chance there were actual prophets in this world, and according to words of the effeminate man suspected to be a prophet, he feared they might also suspect him to be one of them as well.

Subaru/Schwartz: [I just cannot believe it is the same thing, but it is frustrating that I cannot explain the reason why.]

Subaru/Schwartz’s Return by Death can, in other words, be said to be seen as anticipating the future.

There was a part of Subaru/Schwartz that thought of it as simply cheating the future, but when he learned of approaching threats through Return by Death and worked out the means to avoid them, it was not very strange that others would think he appeared to be a prophet.

Subaru/Schwartz: [In fact, a bewitching and beautiful prophetess buttering up a powerful individual is a classic among classics. Still, it would be problematic to be misunderstood. …As it is, Return by Death has been behaving oddly.]

The grumbling by Subaru/Schwartz was concerned with the strange phenomenon that was occurring to Return by Death.

Subaru/Schwartz had repeated Return by Death many times before encountering Vincent in the Crystal Palace, but the reason this happened was not only because of the Empire’s national character that did not hesitate to kill, but also because the interval of time between when he died and when he restarted had been so limited.

Of course, the closer the restart point was to Death, the fewer options he had, and the less time there was to enact a plan. The result was that Subaru/Schwartz had experienced many horrific Deaths. This mysterious anomaly that had arisen in Return by Death―― Subaru/Schwartz suspected it might be connected to this not being the Kingdom of Lugunica, but rather the Vollachian Empire.

Subaru/Schwartz: [I do not particularly want to put stock in Echidna’s, or rather that ill-natured Witch’s observation, however…]

If it was the Witch of Envy who made Subaru/Schwartz Return by Death, then the physical distance between the Witch sealed in the eastern end of the Kingdom and Subaru in the Empire had widened. If he considered it simply, then could it not be said that it was becoming harder for the Authority of the Witch to reach him?

If so, then what would happen to Subaru/Schwartz’s Return by Death if, for example, he were to lose his life on the western edge of the Kararagi City-States, the Great Nation of the west? ――He had no means to test it, and did not want to find out.

Subaru/Schwartz: [At any rate, I am being brought here even to the point of separating me from Rem. Then at the very least, I want to do my job. Even if it is annoying, please give me an explanation.]

Vincent: [You issue orders to me, whilst knowing I am the Emperor? I was the one who said that keeping up that clumsy respect was unnecessary, but you have switched quite quickly.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [So far, it seems unlikely that I’ll be killed by a guillotine.]

Vincent: [Guillotine, huh? ――It is ironic that I am reminded of Magrizza’s Guillotine here.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――?]

Vincent: [That was an unnecessary remark. ――My goal in having you accompany me to the Demon City is not complicated. It is to speak with Yorna Mishigure, one of the Nine Divine Generals.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Yorna Mishigure… If I recall, she is nicknamed the Flamboyant.]

Subaru/Schwartz put the results of him diligently gathering intelligence rather than just playing around into words. With a face that held no real emotion toward that, Vincent said nothing and calmly lowered his chin.

Subaru thought it was likely that the attitude of this Emperor who was truly inept at meeting the needs of his subordinates for approval might have been the cause as for why the person known as Goz had rebelled.

Putting Subaru’s suspicions aside, Vincent began to speak matter-of-factly.

What he said was――,

Vincent: [Arakiya, whom I had sent to suppress the rebels, has not returned. We should assume that in all likelihood, she has either been killed or detained.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――Hk, Arakiya-chan might have!?]

As this unexpected news was announced, Subaru/Schwartz opened his eyes adorned with straightened lashes in surprise.

Although he had not had a chance to meet Arakiya since that first day, he had felt a one-sided sense of gratitude toward her. ――This was because when Subaru/Schwartz had encountered Vincent, given his name, and the table for negotiations had been laid out, he had asked via Vincent to ensure Rem’s safety, and it was Arakiya who had accomplished this brilliantly.

If Rem had been discovered by any of the individuals who had mercilessly taken Subaru/Schwartz’s life, an unforgivable disaster may have befallen her by now.

That was why Subaru/Schwartz thought of Arakiya as someone he was indebted to.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Why did you not tell me!?]

Vincent: [There should be no expectation I would. She is a General First-Class of the Empire, her actions are a state secret. Think of me informing you like this now as an exception.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――――]

Vincent: [Since the First cannot be used now for various reasons, Arakiya, who is the Second, was the strongest military force of the Empire. If it has become the case that Arakiya can no longer be used, we need the Nine Divine Generals to be cautious in expressing their positions, including on the matter of Goz Ralfon.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [For that reason…]

Vincent: [Exactly.]

Vincent nodded, arms crossed, as Subaru/Schwartz lowered his head.

In his chest, his heart was resounding coldly in pain, and even now, he still could not fully process the misfortune that had befallen Arakiya.

He could understand Vincent’s point. However, what if Vincent had shared the truth with him immediately as soon as something had happened to Arakiya?

Subaru/Schwartz: [With Return by Death…]

He might have been able to save Arakiya.

Given the matter of her safety was unknown, he knew it was a premature conclusion, but Subaru/Schwartz could not help but have the possibility flash through his mind.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Besides, regarding the individual known as Yorna Mishigure, as far as I know…]

Vincent: [She has raised rebellions against me twice in the past.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Right!? With such circumstances, is it fine for you to meet such a person face-to-face?]

Subaru/Schwartz had learned over the past few days that Vincent Vollachia’s reign had already lasted eight years, apparently being an exceptionally peaceful era in the history of the Empire up to now, and Vincent was called the Wise Emperor by his subjects, gaining their approval.

During Vincent’s reign, there was one person not easily swayed, raising rebellions in the true sense of the word, and repeatedly clashing with him: Yorna Mishigure, the Flamboyant.

Subaru/Schwartz: [As far as I know, would they not clearly be the kind of person who would take advantage of this situation?]

Vincent: [To make certain of this, is the reason why I am going myself. That is all.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [The one with an irreplaceable position taking the initiative… the spirit of the Empire, it is quite impressive.]

As Subaru/Schwartz’s shoulders drooped in dejection, Vincent said “ Speerit ?” with a reaction like he was stuck on a word he was not used to hearing.

To exact a modicum of revenge, Subaru/Schwartz decided to not translate the modern language unless asked, and looking out the window of the moving dragon carriage, he kept the work that was expected of him in the Demon City locked up tight in his heart.

Putting aside the expectations of the recommender, Ubilk, Vincent’s expectations of Subaru/Schwartz were, to put it bluntly, more or less as that of a backup plan.

He was unsure the extent of which the achievements of Subaru/Schwartz of the Kingdom of Lugunica were known in the Vollachian Empire, but no matter what embellished or exaggerated rumors had spread, anyone who saw the real Subaru/Schwartz would surely be disappointed to learn that he was not such an outstanding person.

On the other hand, if the facts connected to those deeds cannot be ignored, it could be said that the best role he can be expected to fulfill is that of being a backup plan.

Thus, Subaru/Schwartz wanted to slap his cheeks, but stopped, afraid of possibly ruining his makeup. Instead, while brushing his long, lustrous hair in a feminine manner,

Subaru/Schwartz: [I understand, Your Excellency the Emperor. For now, I shall do everything within my power to bring you back unharmed to the Imperial Capital no matter what happens. Being the back-up is my specialty!]

Vincent: [――. I have no idea what in the world has gotten you so fired up, but endeavor to do so with all you have. Do not forget that what is precious to you is being kept hostage at Berstetz’s manor.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [You do not need to go out of your way to threaten me; Emilia-tan, Beako, and Rem are constantly in the back of my mind at all times!]

He had just started to build up his motivation without any such threats, and yet now His Excellency the Emperor had unnecessarily dampened that motivation. ――Given that he angered the kind Goz Ralfon who was so well-regarded, perhaps it was Vincent’s fault after all.

With that tinge of anxiety in his chest, Subaru/Schwartz completed his journey to his destination of the Demon City Chaosflame with no complications.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Enemy of my late sister ――Black haired, black-eyed, traveler !!]

She had been a woman with the tips of her black hair dyed blue, and a brave yet fierce hatred within her eyes.

Immediately after the string of her bow that she had drawn back with great force had bent, and the sound of it cutting through the air had been heard, Subaru/Schwartz had been sent flying away from beside the Emperor’s shoulder, and his side had been pulverized by the arrow.

Subaru/Schwartz: [――Guh.]

The welling blood filled his throat, and Subaru/Schwartz fell as he experienced the sensation of drowning.

Witnessing this scene, the Emperor who had been protected ――Vincent Vollachia, grimaced as he rushed to Subaru/Schwartz, whose blood spread upon the bare earth.

Vincent: [Natsumi Schwartz! You… are out of character…!]

Subaru/Schwartz: [You say… that it is… out of character… It is my… motto to do one good deed a day…]

Vincent: [Even now, you do not stop running your mouth… Tch, this is a severe injury.]

Placing his hands over the open wound to try and stop the oozing blood, and then perceiving that the flesh of the side he touched was not all there, Subaru/Schwartz regretted his awareness of his wound.

The side of his abdomen had been blown away. No matter how he looked at it, it was a fatal wound, one he could not expect to survive. However, Vincent picked up Subaru/Schwartz’s body, and began to move.

Subaru/Schwartz: [What… are you doing… If you do not… run…]

Vincent: [I have no objections. Hence, I am doing exactly that. You can just admire the sky.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [The sky… Your unnecessary comments… just make my injuries worse…]

While he answered with a hollow voice, Subaru/Schwartz looked up into the skies of Chaosflame.

The city of Chaosflame was unique in how the great diversity of tribes that lived in the Demon City and all their respective architectural styles had become intertwined as if they had forgotten the spirit of compromise, with their implementation of urban development like a potpourri. ――Now, it was a mere shadow of its former self.

What swept across the city now was not a scene of the liberation of freedoms accumulated on top of each other, but a battle of transcendent beings beyond all human understanding that demolished, twisted, and shattered those streets.

???: [Kakakakka! I never thought we’d clash like this, Araki!]

???: [If you don’t like it, back off.]

???: [Are you giving orders like you own this city? Who do you think is the lord of this place?]

Numerous flaming explosions spread throughout the air, and the shadow of a monstrous old man used the roof of a building as a foothold as he soared about. Flying after him in pursuit was a doggirl whose legs below the knees had been replaced with flames. And the two who were clashing together were interrupted by a courtesan-like foxperson who used an undulating steel tower as a foothold to remold the town――,

――The Vicious Old Man, Olbart Dunkelkenn.

――The Spirit Eater, Arakiya.

――The Flamboyant, Yorna Mishigure.

Known for their unrivaled prowess, these fierce warriors were among the apex of the Vollachian Empire, the Nine Divine Generals.

All three were a part of different camps, and their battle unfolded upon the stage of Chaosflame.

Vincent: [Certainly, I never thought Arakiya would join them. ――Not foreseeing her participation, was mine own error.]

Bathed in waves of heat and force that churned through the atmosphere, Vincent ran through the rough streets while carrying Subaru/Schwartz, in an attempt to get away from the battlefield.

The strongest asset that Vincent had brought with him to the Demon City was Olbart, who had no leeway to pay attention to them, laughing as he aimed for the lives of the two women.

Meanwhile, the mistress of the Demon City, Yorna, was working to fulfill her duty of nonaggressive defense.

Finally, Arakiya, who had been sent out to suppress the rebels, but had been believed to be lost in action, was――,

???: [――Vincent Vollachia!]

Vincent: [――――]

His name called out, Vincent stopped in his tracks and turned around.

Ahead of him, the owner of that voice stood motionless atop the rubble of a collapsed building. ――Oddly enough, it was a slender man with black hair adorned in red attire, just like Vincent. However, he hid his true identity with a mask that resembled the face of an Oni, and was the leader of the rebels.

This man in the oni mask, who was believed to have conspired with General First-Class Goz Ralfon and intended to take Vincent’s throne, had paid a visit at the same time as Vincent and Subaru/Schwartz had arrived in Chaosflame to inquire as to the intentions of Yorna, the Seventh.

And then, he tried to invite Yorna to become his ally in the war that he led to steal the country.

Needless to say, they could not afford for negotiations between Yorna and the man in the oni mask and his party to go well. Subaru/Schwartz and the rest had to obstruct the negotiations, and headed to the location of the discussions――,

Vincent: [What do you call yourself, you traitor?]

Masked Man: [――Abel. My current self, is Abel.]

As he confronted Vincent, the man in the oni mask―― Abel, declared his name, and the air was set alight.

The heat of the tense atmosphere between them emitted a scorching aroma, and the fighting spirit of Abel, accompanied by Arakiya, who had supposedly disappeared, caused the Demon City to collapse.

If it was the case that Yorna Mishigure, taking an uncertain position, would not declare her position in joining either the Emperor or the rebels, then the best policy was to ensure that she would not fall to the other side.

The moment that possibility passed, the battle between those transcendental beings had begun.

Vincent: [Abel…]

Vincent narrowed his eyes, and uttered the name as if to confirm it.

Having lost copious amounts of blood, Subaru/Schwartz was on the brink of losing his life; he had no way of guessing what was going through Vincent’s mind right now.

However, Abel’s other companion did not overlook that moment of hesitation.

???: [――――]

As Vincent faced Abel, a merciless assassin jumped out from behind some rubble to his rear, sneaking up on him without any sound or presence.

He aimed his axe at the neck of the motionless Vincent from behind――,

???: [――Your Excellency!!]

Just before the axe could sever Vincent’s slender neck, it was intercepted by a fierce surge of purple thorns.

The one who had raised his voice, saving the Emperor from the surprise attack, while bleeding profusely all over his body, was Kafma. Kafma, the final member of Vincent’s escorts, had put to good use the special characteristics of the Insect Cage Tribe, using the insects he had taken into his body to pursue the enemies who had attempted to commit regicide against the Emperor.

However――,

???: [OOORAAAA!!]

The enemy jumped and ducked, avoiding the extending thorny whips, and a new figure landed beside him, swinging the two longswords in his hands, cutting the thorns head-on and mowing down the threat.

They were a man wearing a bandana with an axe and a rough-looking dual-wielding swordsman with a patch over his right eye. ――Both were members of the rebels who had accompanied Abel.

Bandana Man: [――My bad, my bad.]

Rough Man: [Tch! Oi, don’t mess up your only skill!]

Bandana Man: [Saying it’s my only skill hurts, you know? But your backup saved me. Can I continue to count on you?]

Rough Man: [You’re a hopeless bastard. ――General Second-Class, Kafma Irulux. For an opponent, I can’t complain.]

The dual-wielding swordsman laughed as he cracked his neck, and the man in the bandana beside him turned his frigid eyes toward Vincent and Subaru/Schwartz. As if to block their view, a battered Kafma stood between the two enemies and Vincent.

Kafma: [Please leave this place to me! Your Excellency, take Miss Schwartz!]

Vincent: [Do not overextend yourself. Olbart’s hands are tied. There are also the eyes of the Shudraq.]

Kafma: [I understand, sir! …I will not let the lives saved by Miss Schwartz, let alone His Excellency Vincent, be scattered in vain!]

Kafma, wounded all over his body, took on his task with vigor, and so Vincent left that situation to him, and began to run.

This time, he was prepared to leave no matter what Abel said, and perhaps because he understood this, Abel did not say anything more atop the rubble. With that, the two enemies vying for the throne departed that place.

And then――,

Vincent: [――Natsuki Subaru, Stargazer of the Kingdom. If you were to die, I know not with what to fill this gap. Therefore…]

Subaru/Schwartz: [――Ugh.]

The battlefield was far off, and as he heard his ears ring loudly, yet the sound of his heartbeat grow quiet in contrast, Subaru/Schwartz saw Vincent put his hands to his own face.

As Vincent shut his eyes like that, despite his consciousness fading to white, Subaru/Schwartz suddenly realized something. ――Until now, he had never once seen Vincent close both of his eyes.

But then, those thoughts immediately vanished due to a series of strange occurrences.

Vincent: [――Mask of the Blue.]

As he murmured that, Vincent’s face peeled off before the eyes of Subaru/Schwartz.

While producing a sound that would make one wince just from hearing it, like flesh tearing off the bone, like skin tearing off from flesh, Vincent’s face peeled off.

The flayed face of Vincent, pulled off like a “mask”, slowly disintegrated in his hands and turned to dust.

Subaru: [――――]

The scene was just like a nightmare during a restless night, or a glitch in one’s brain as they were about to face Death. However, the Emperor, now stripped of his face, brought his other hand to his face and put on the next “mask”.

The next moment, Vincent’s body made a noise, his skeleton began to thin, and his height began to shrink. Not only that, but his hair color and style, that form was slowly remade――,

Subaru/Schwartz: […Ferris?]

A beat later, standing there was a distinctive face he recognized, with adorable features and cat ears, who should have been constantly attending to his lord in the Kingdom of Lugunica; it was the form of Ferris.

Subaru: [――――]

――Vincent had turned into Ferris.

Subaru/Schwartz was left speechless by that sight, which could only be described in such a manner. However, the person in question paid no heed to Subaru/Schwartz’s confusion, placing a pale hand over his wound.

Immediately after, a faint light flowed out, and the side of Subaru/Schwartz that had been blown away began to heal. ――That transcendental healing power that seemed to turn back time was unmistakably Ferris’s.

The flesh near at the opening of the wound swelled, and the restoration of his internal organs and muscle fibers commenced. The blood that had poured out did not return, but his body, being invigorated, entered a phase of blood production, and his circulation remarkably improved.

His consciousness, which should have been fading, began to steadily regain its color, and Subaru/Schwartz ――no, Natsuki Subaru, while still pretending to be a woman, reached up with his hand to the shoulder before him.

He grabbed that thin shoulder and pulled it close, and glaring at the person healing him,

Subaru: [You… Are you, Capella?]

“Ferris”: [For what reason, such doubts have arisen, I cannot fathom, but… no.]

That face and voice were Ferris’s own, and yet the language was that of Vincent. Subaru’s breath caught at that sense of incongruity and he slowly shook his head.

In the instant Ferris lowered his gaze, cracks suddenly formed across his face.

Subaru: [――Hk!]

The cracks began on the cheeks, and then expanded bit by bit, slowly damaging Ferris’s sweet face.

“Ferris”: [I shall use the stagnant Mana within you that has had no place to go. If things had continued this way, the plug would have failed and burst anyways. I shall hear no complaints.]

However, seeming to feel no pain himself, and paying Subaru’s reaction of astonishment no heed, the fake Ferris ignored the cracks on his face and continued to heal Subaru’s side.

The faint light of recovery, healed, healed, healed the wounds, and shortly――,

“Ferris”: [It is done.]

As soon as he stated that, the cracks reached the entirety of the face of the fake Ferris.

Just as the peeled face of Vincent had turned to dust before, the face of the fake Ferris also crumbled from the edges, becoming dust as well.

Although his wounds had been healed and his life had been saved, Subaru could only lie there while facing a nightmare not all that different from one that had threatened his life before.

From beneath the face of the fake Ferris that flaked away, a new face ――neither Vincent nor the fake Ferris, but instead an unknown face emerged. ――No, it was not unknown to him.

Once before, only for a brief moment, had Subaru caught a glimpse of that face.

Since he had been in the middle of a crisis, he had not questioned that optical illusion very deeply, but he had seen that face in a mirror in the Imperial Residence.

A tall figure with long white hair and white skin that seemed to have lost all of their color, while his whole body was composed of simply white, only his irises sparkled with the hue of gold. This person was――,

Pale Man: [――Chisha Gold.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Chisha: [You seem to have confused me with another individual, therefore I responded.]

A man of nothing but white appeared ――introducing himself as Chisha Gold, Subaru belatedly realized this was his answer to Subaru’s mention of Capella earlier.

That power, which allowed him to transform his appearance to someone else in front of Subaru’s very eyes, and even heal a fatal wound in the form of Ferris, was no mere imitation or disguise.

Subaru: [Wait, Chisha Gold, isn’t that one of the Nine Divine Generals…]

Chisha: [Allow me to confirm that. I have been bestowed with the rank of the Fourth, of the Nine Divine Generals, and therefore I am made to serve to the best of my meager ability as a General First-Class of the Empire.]

Subaru: […Are you, the Emperor’s body double?]

Chisha: [When emergencies arise. That said, that would not be correct in this case. The most suitable way to describe me currently, that would be――]

In front of Subaru, frozen and wide-eyed, Chisha, with his only dress still being the clothes of the Emperor, narrowed his golden eyes with an expression full of hard to read emotions, and made a declaration.

Chisha: [――Usurper of the throne of the Vollachian Empire, and rebel who mocks the Sword Wolf.]

That was truly the first meeting of Natsuki Subaru and the White Spider, Chisha Gold. ――It was the true first meeting of those two, who by all rights should have never had their destinies converge, companions who would deceive fate.

△▼△▼△▼△

Chisha explained that his power to change his form was called Noh. [2]

He said that its detailed principles were difficult to explain, but by stealing the color of a target he wanted to become and wearing the “mask” produced, he could take on their very identity itself.

Using this, Chisha had acted as the Emperor in the guise of Vincent Vollachia, and even completely healed Subaru’s wounds using the “mask” of Ferris, whom he had a previous connection with.

Hearing this explanation, for now, Subaru was simply relieved to confirm that Chisha was not the Sin Archbishop of Lust, Capella, but another thought crossed his mind.

Subaru: [If I’m not mistaken, doesn’t this mean that that Goz Ralfon person who’s being held as a rebel got in your way because he figured out you replaced the Emperor?]

Chisha: [I shall confirm that. General First-Class Goz is the most loyal and brave man in the Empire, therefore he will not listen to me no matter what I say if he knows I am against the Emperor. Thus, there was no other choice but to temporarily remove him from the board as I did.]

Subaru: [Of course, I had a feeling! No wonder, no matter how much information I gathered, I could only come to the conclusion that this Goz person wasn’t someone who would betray the Emperor. In reality, he didn’t betray him!]

Snapping his fingers, Subaru smiled in satisfaction that he was correct in his thinking. ――But after a moment of gratification, that smile faded.

After all, Chisha had clearly told Subaru. ――He was the usurper of the throne, and the mastermind of a rebellion that was causing the Vollachian Empire to fall into chaos and futility.

Subaru: […If it’s the way of the Empire that the strong preying on the weak is allowed, is challenging the Emperor, challenging Vincent Vollachia, due to your ambition as a man of the Empire?]

Chisha: [Hmm, I do wonder what you think about that. My motive, is it ambition?]

Subaru: [――. I think that’s probably incorrect.]

In the first place, if the way of the Vollachian Empire was such that by defeating Vincent with his own hands, Chisha could replace the summit of the country of the Sword Wolves, then it was a flawed system. Despite that, Chisha had taken the form of Vincent, hidden the absence of the Emperor, and maintained that situation.

There was no sense of sincerity toward a simplistic objective like usurping the throne in that.

Subaru: […Ultimately, your goal isn’t the throne… but I can’t figure out the rest.]

Chisha: [I inquire of you, is that the result of you listening to the words of Observers in the heavens above―― of the Stars?]

Subaru: [The stars? …No, I mean I like stars, but I’ve never been able to speak with them. That was just my impression based on experience and my idealistic desire.]

Chisha: [Desire, you say.]

Subaru: [Yeah, desire. The hope that the person I defended to the point of having my side blown off isn’t a complete villain, and the desire that the person who healed that blown away side isn’t a complete fiend.]

He was aware that both of those were somewhat fragile lifelines to fully depend on. But Subaru had faith that the Chisha who had saved him and even purposefully revealed top-secret information would not do something so meaningless as suddenly changing his mind and attacking him.

In response to Subaru’s convenient question, Chisha calmly lowered his chin, and,

Chisha: [In order to save the Empire from a future of ruin, I am employing the necessary means.]

Subaru: […Shouldn’t that be something you do together with the Emperor?]

Chisha: [His Excellency Vincent is an extraordinarily wise individual, however he is someone who knows not how to change his mind after he has made a decision. There is no doubt it shall be the most efficient method, and the one that shall deplete the fewest resources, therefore no one can defy His Excellency.]

Subaru: [But you… Chisha Gold, you disagree, is that right?]

Chisha: [Indeed.]

As Chisha nodded in agreement, Subaru touched his own side, and thought it over.

By saving Subaru with his trump card, Chisha had exposed his own schemes. If there was some lie or artifice there, Subaru could not maliciously doubt him. There was nothing about Subaru worth devoting that hand just to lay a trap for him.

From beginning to end, Chisha saw value in and had determined the Emperor and Empire as that which must be saved.

His actions that no one could comprehend stood upon two pillars of certainty.

Subaru: [There’s just one thing I want to confirm.]

Chisha: [If it is something I can answer, I do not mind.]

Subaru: [That Noh, it’s the power to change into another person, but is it something that can be used anytime, or any number of times?]

Chisha: [――I am afraid, I must deny that.]

Chisha informed him of this in a hushed voice, and Subaru sighed with an “I thought so.”

The “mask” of Vincent he had torn off and the “mask” of Ferris that had cracked, both had vanished in the end by turning into dust. He had a sense that it had been something that should be called a disappearance or loss, that it was not the type of ability where it could be used over and over again; somehow he had possessed that intuition.

Chisha’s goal was the existence of Vincent Vollachia.

For that purpose, Chisha, who had been wearing the “mask” of Vincent, put on the “mask” of Ferris that could heal even fatal wounds with its vast restorative power, and relinquished both “masks”.

One that was essential for that goal, and one that could become an emergency trump card, respectively.

If he had gone that far to save his life, it would be impossible for Natsuki Subaru. ――Impossible for him to not feel any sort of gratitude toward the one who did so.

Subaru: [Please, tell me more, Chisha-san.]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [I don’t believe you did something like this on a whim or for show. ――If there is a future of ruin approaching like you said, it’s not just someone else’s problem. After all, my Rem has been taken hostage in this country. I’m also someone who has a reason to do something about the Empire.]

More than aware of that unreasonable logic, Subaru declared this to Chisha.

If there was ruin on the horizon that Vincent Vollachia, renowned as the Wise Emperor, and Chisha Gold, who was clearly clever, were both trying to oppose, then surely there would be an opportunity for Subaru with his meager power to assist them. ――No, Subaru would go and seize such an opportunity with his own limbs.

That was because――,

Chisha: [――The Great Disaster.]

Subaru: [ Great Disaster … as in a large calamity?] [3]

To Subaru, who ruminated over that murmur, Chisha nodded in confirmation with a “Yes”.

A large calamity ――For a description of the apparent future of ruin awaiting the Vollachian Empire, there was probably no more suitable name.

Having said that, Chisha looked straight at Subaru and continued.

His face lacked all color, yet his voice harbored a certain fervor.

Chisha: [I shall take measures to save the Vollachian Empire from this Great Disaster. Therefore, there is a board and pieces I must set up for that purpose.]

Subaru: [I understand.]

He had decided his position. As it happened, the journey to find out where Yorna Mishigure’s heart lay now brought Subaru a similar chance to decide.

He was deeply concerned over Emilia, Beatrice, and everyone else in the Kingdom. He wanted to see everyone again soon. Even though she had no Memories, he wanted to have them all meet the awakened Rem.

However, whether he wanted to or not, he could not abandon the Vollachian Empire and Chisha.

Subaru: [There is no way I can’t, so I’ll help too. ――Bring it on, O inevitable fate.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Excuse me, Governor, could you please not make me repeat myself? This is a direct order from His Excellency the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia!]

???: [I understand your grievances. However, I have been given peremptory orders in my capacity, and am in the position of assuming the responsibility of the governor of this island. I cannot make a decision so lightly concerning an action that twists the enforced traditions.]

???: [Urghh! You rockhead! Big head! Who do you take me for!? I am the woman who will be His Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia’s Empress!]

With a big thump on his artificial chest, Natsuki Subaru―― no, having become Natsumi Schwartz once again, Subaru/Schwartz boldly spread such false information.

In front of Subaru/Schwartz, who was shamelessly using such means, was a person with such a scary face that a child remembering it during the night might be unable to get up to go to the bathroom: Gustav Morello, who had closed his mouth that his fangs protruded from and crossed his four burly arms with a stern look.

With a physique like a professional wrestler, blue skin, and more arms than the usual two, Gustav was from a race of demi-humans known as the Multi-Arm Tribe.

However, to Subaru/Schwartz, the most important thing about him was his position, which was――,

???: [――Governer of the Gladiator Island Ginunhive, Gustav Morello-dono.]

Gustav: [Correct, that is my title. I thank you for the reminder, General First-Class Chisha Gold.]

Chisha: [No, that should be my line. Or rather, I purposefully called you such because I wanted the individual I brought with me to understand.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Mmm, what do you mean by that General First-Class Chisha? Surely you, no more than a mere General, are not criticizing me, one who receives the affection of His Excellency? You are forgetting your position, no?]

Closing his fan with a snap, Subaru/Schwartz scowled at the pale face sitting across from him―― the profile of Chisha’s face, and haughtily declared so. Gustav raised his brows that lacked eyebrows at those words, but the one in question, Chisha, shrugged his shoulders with an unconcerned look, and,

Chisha: [It is criticism, I suppose. Simply put, Governor Gustav’s stance is an expression of his sincere attempt to fulfill the orders of His Excellency the Emperor… in other words, it is nothing but devotion to His Excellency whom Natsumi-sama loves and reveres. It is my humble belief that those who would not understand this would not be acting in accordance with His Excellency’s wishes.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Nnn…!]

His face turned red with anger, and Subaru/Schwartz’s lips trembled. Toward that behavior, Chisha shut one eye and looked at Gustav, seeing the Governor had clenched his hands at the ends of his crossed arms into fists, then moved them behind his back as if to hide those fists, and gave a small cough.

If one thought this was deserved, then Gustav had a surprisingly good personality. ――Subaru/Schwartz was also putting in a lot of effort, and playing the role of an unpleasant villainess was worth it.

Chisha, who was sincerely close to the hearts of the soldiers in the field, and the Empress Consort candidate who was ignorant of the realities of the field, Subaru/Schwartz. This carrot-and-stick (Subaru/Schwartz) strategy was necessary to put a stop to the steady expansion of the rebel’s might and increase the odds of the Emperor’s side winning.

――It had been some time since Subaru and Chisha united under an alliance to oppose the Great Disaster.

The strife in the Demon City of Chaosflame had subsided, and Olbart and Kafma had somehow managed to survive. Arakiya and the two men led by Abel also withdrew, and the battle ended in a draw.

However, Yorna Mishigure, with her stronghold in Chaosflame, announced her intention to take neither the Emperor’s nor the rebel’s side, and elected to erect defensive lines around the crumbling Demon City and seclude herself there.

In the end, part of Subaru’s abdomen had been blown off and Chisha had lost the “mask” of Vincent that had been essential to his plans; it could be said that all had been in vain.

Subaru: [To make matters worse, Berstetz-san had Madelyn-chan assault a place called the Fortress City without permission…If Berstetz-san knows that Chisha-san’s disguised as the Emperor, shouldn’t you be more in sync with each other?]

Chisha: [Unfortunately, while I am in agreement with Prime Minister Berstetz on our course of action, there are issues we are fundamentally incompatible on. Ultimately, that elder is nothing more than a Sword Wolf of the Empire, and therefore there is a risk that our final conclusions shall clash in the end. As such…]

Subaru: [Might as well ignore it until there’s a conflict at the very last minute and continue as usual?]

Chisha: [Currently, we are busy handling the growing momentum of the rebels. For now, I think we can assume Prime Minister Berstetz shall have no room to take notice of you or me.]

Chisha’s opinion could be called wishful thinking in such a hopeless situation.

Berstetz, who was surprisingly quite hot-blooded despite his appearance and demeanor, had commenced an assault upon the rebel stronghold in the Fortress City the minute he had heard of the turmoil in Chaosflame.

The Fortress City was almost annihilated by a one-sided aerial onslaught by a flock of flying dragons commanded by Madelyn. There were also rumors that the insurgents had abandoned their base and scattered, but the one who brought them together, Abel―― the true Emperor, according to Chisha, would not be defeated so easily.

Abel and his allies spread rumors that the Emperor in the Imperial Capital was a fraud, throwing the public opinion into chaos. The best way to deny this was none other than to have Vincent Vollachia appear before the masses, but Chisha, who had lost the “mask” of the Emperor, could not do so.

As such, they could only respond to the situation by denying the rumors of the rebels with words and arresting those spreading such rumors as a way to deal with it.

In addition, the difference in military strength between the Imperial Army and the rebels was becoming a bit of a problem.

Chisha: [Even though he managed to survive, I anticipate it shall be some time before General Second-Class Kafma will return to the front lines. General First-Class Olbart also lost one of his arms, and failing to ally ourselves with General First-Class Yorna was a serious blow.]

Subaru: [Olbart-san, huh…]

Chisha: [I do not believe you need to wear such a gloomy face. Without your quick wit and advice, it is very likely that General First-Class Olbart would have lost more than a single arm, and General Second-Class Kafma would have lost his life. If the two of them had fallen, I am not sure we would have returned safely.]

Chisha consoled Subaru, whose face had become depressed, but his complicated feelings remained. In the unexpected struggle of life and death at Chaosflame, he had gotten mixed up in a battle between transcendent beings who did not know the meaning of restraint, and had ended up accumulating many Return by Deaths.

The most shocking occurrence of all, was that Olbart, the man called the Third who was supposed to be ranked number three in the Empire, had lost his life on several occasions from surprise attacks in the middle of the battle with Arakiya. Similar predicaments had befallen Kafma, and Subaru had attempted to prevent it over and over again.

Subaru: [Each and every time, that bandana bastard…]

Often it was Arakiya’s strike that took Olbart or Kafma’s life in the end. And yet, it was always that bandana bastard who made the decisive blow that created those situations.

The reason he could only call him names that sounded like insults was because despite repeatedly Returning by Death and clashing with him, he had been that thorough in not disclosing any information about himself. The bandana bastard had never let his name be called out, even by the rough-looking twin-sword wielder who seemed to be his partner.

In all honesty, he was shocked that Arakiya, who he had considered someone he was indebted to, had turned against them, and he could not conceal the shivers of fear he felt when he thought of her dreadful power as the second strongest in the Empire.

And yet, strangely enough, Subaru was more afraid of that bandana bastard than Arakiya.

A man with total murderous intent and eyes so lacking in warmth it was creepy―― where could the Emperor, chased from his throne by Chisha and reduced to a rebel, have found such a man and enticed him into supporting him.

In any case――,

Chisha: [Simply Arakiya alone as an enemy, would be liable to nullify numerical advantages on the battlefield.]

Subaru: [What nonsense… is of course what I wouldn’t say after seeing the battle in Chaosflame. Such absurd power, how in the world did Arakiya-chan…?]

Chisha: [I can only say that such is her lineage, however, her title as the Second is not merely for show. In addition, although there is not much information to go on, it appears the rebels have received strong reinforcements.]

Subaru: [Arakiya-chan alone was already way too much of a problem, and yet… Hey, isn’t there too much resentment toward Emperor Vincent-san? Will it be okay to return his throne to him?]

Chisha: [I calculate that I will be able to balance things out in the end.]

He would like to believe it since that calculating Chisha said so, but why did he keep dodging Subaru’s questions regarding the Emperor’s humanity?

If the conduct and speech of Chisha when he was wearing the “mask” of the Emperor were the conduct and speech of the actual Emperor himself, it was easy to understand the reasons why he was reluctant to speak about it. Perhaps Vincent Vollachia was such a brilliant man that mere words cannot do him justice. Those beneath him sure had it rough.

Subaru: [So, what do we do? We could put out some kind of cool announcement, to focus the soldiers and prevent betrayal… Or maybe we should just try telling the imprisoned Goz-san everything?]

Chisha: [There is a strong element of a gamble in that. Nonetheless, coming up with countermeasures for Arakiya is troubling.]

Subaru: [A brave soul who can contain Arakiya, huh? By the way, Chisha-san, you’re also one of the Nine Divine Generals, but your abilities are…]

Chisha: [I have some experience, but if I faced Arakiya, I would be dust within seconds despite that.]

Subaru: [It’s obvious you’re the resourceful type . As expected… Though, thinking of the Nine Divine Generals, what’s going on with the other Nine Divine Generals besides Yorna-san who aren’t in the Imperial Capital and aren’t cooperating with Abel’s side?]

Suddenly, Subaru became interested in what the positions of the Nine Divine Generals were in the first place, and tilted his head.

They were called the Nine Divine Generals, so naturally there were nine individuals in total. There were a few exceptions among the Generals such as Kafma, but generally only a General First-Class could face another General-First Class on equal footing. Each and every one of them were transcendent beings equivalent to a thousand warriors, and so if discussing a countermeasure for Arakiya, one should start from within their ranks.

Chisha: [The Ninth, Madelyn Eschart, is under Prime Minister Berstetz. The Eighth, Moguro Hagane, is unable to leave the defenses of the Imperial Capital for certain reasons. The Seventh, Yorna Mishigure, is holed up in the Demon City, and the Sixth, Groovy Gumlet, is part of an expedition to the west to deal with some important matters.]

Subaru: [And then, the Fifth, Goz Ralfon-san, is a prisoner on false charges, the Fourth, Chisha Gold-san, is an insurrectionist, and the Third, Olbart Dunkelkenn-san, is injured. The Second, Arakiya-chan, is out of our control after betraying us… Huh? What about the First?]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [The First hasn’t come up much now that I mention it. If I’m not mistaken it was, umm, Cecilus Segmunt-san?]

Chisha: [Regarding the subject of Cecilus, well, it is fine.]

Subaru: [It most certainly isn’t! I mean, if we’re talking about stopping Arakiya-chan, it’d be strange if his name didn’t come up immediately, right!? Pit the First against the Second! I’ve pitted “the strongest” against “the invincible” before! I’m very knowledgeable about it!]

Wondering why he had not thought of it before, Subaru was struck by what might have been the good idea of all good ideas.

At the very least, no rumors that the foremost of the Empire had betrayed Chisha as the Emperor or joined Abel’s rebellion had reached Subaru’s ears.

Then he must exist. The strongest of the Empire, the Blue Lightning of Vollachia.

Subaru: [I’ve heard he’s a bit of a problem child, but it’s a risk we should be prepared for if we want to contain Arakiya-chan…]

Chisha: [A bit? Problem child? I cannot accept that sort of perception toward that thing.]

Subaru: [That thing? Umm? Chisha-san?]

Wondering what aspect of Subaru’s thoughts Chisha could not stomach, Subaru’s eyes glazed over as Chisha continued despite the break in his sentences. Chisha suddenly leaned in close, unmistakable hardship and anguish bleeding from his thin face devoid of all color, and,

Chisha: [I would love to hear about the “bit of a problem” Natsuki-dono has heard of, given  how much effort I have made to this day to restrain Cecilus in his role as General First-Class.]

Subaru: [Yikes, I flipped a strange switch ! I’m sorry, I’m sorry! It was an outsider’s opinion!]

Chisha: [No, seeing that we have already opened up our hearts to each other, you and I are in the same boat now, Natsuki-dono. I would say that it is inevitable that we will have to reconcile our perceptions of each other. Well then, let us start with myself. The amount of stories I should tell of Cecilus numbers far more than I could count using all my hands and feet twice over, however――]

Subaru: [ Help ! Heeelp !!]

――Then, despite being drowned by a waterfall of the various emotions Chisha held toward Cecilus, sure enough, Subaru ultimately came to the conclusion that he was necessary.

Afterwards, Subaru and Chisha devised a plan, announced that Vincent Vollachia, who could no longer make appearances in public, had fallen ill, and left Berstetz to deal with the imperial citizens’ reactions as they heated up into absurd arguments such as  “one who collapses during a civil war lacks the qualifications of an Emperor” and “If a disease was what brought down the Emperor, then is the disease supposed to inherit the throne?”, and ran off to various places.

Subaru: [Rem! Was everything okay while I was gone? No injuries or inconveniences or anything? It’s really frustrating that I can’t take you with me, but if there is anything, please don’t hide it and talk to me. Is there anything you’d like to tell me now while you can?]

Rem: [You came back really suddenly, what happened? To begin with, you should already be finished with that errand, so why are you still in women’s clothes?]

Subaru: [The situation of it being problematic if it’s known that I’m involved in the Empire’s quarrels is still ongoing, so it’s inevitable that Natsumi Schwartz would return to the stage. It’s a necessity.]

Rem: [――. ――――. ――――――――. Is that so?]

Subaru: [That pause seems to imply you don’t understand!]

Rem: [It’s nothing. Anyways, more than anything I’m glad you’re safe.]

Subaru: [Oh! Well, half my stomach was blown off and I almost died, but…]

Rem: [Ha?]

Louis: [Uau!]

Of course, it was critical that he made sure to check in with Rem and confirm there had been no changes in her condition when he returned to the Imperial Capital.

Although there was still some numbness in her legs, Rem seemed to have reached a point where she could move around quite well, and she showed her innate caring nature doing as she pleased at Berstetz’s mansion. Subaru’s heart was filled to the brim with warmth as he saw glimpses of Rem despite her lack of Memories.

However, it was vexing that Louis was still scampering around as usual.

Rem: [Speaking of, this Natsumi Schwartz…]

Subaru: [Ah. Huh, what is it, what is it? Do you have something to say about Natsumi Schwartz? Like she’s cute or something?]

Rem: [Incorrect… I happened to hear a rumor. That is, something like, you becoming the Empress Consort.]

Subaru: [Oh that? Rather than becoming, we’re spreading rumors that it seems like I’ll become that. It’s part of the strategy. For various reasons, it’s hard for His Excellency the Emperor to act, so I will be his representative… or more accurately, something like his representative’s representative.]

Rem: [――. Isn’t that dangerous?]

Subaru: [I’m not saying there isn’t danger. Still, for outsiders like me and you, Rem, the Empire has always been a lion’s den whether we jump in or not. In order to brazenly escape from this lion’s den, I will face any danger. If at all possible, fight in the way that gives the greatest chance of victory!]

Rem: [So your way of fighting with the greatest chance of victory is crossdressing?]

Subaru: [Indeed… Huh, isn’t it cute?]

Rem: [――. ――――. ――――――――. Please take this seriously.]

Receiving that support from Rem, Subaru/Schwartz headed out on a pilgrimage to secure military forces.

The purpose of the journey was to pacify and inspire the troops garrisoned all over, and Natsumi Schwartz, the candidate to become Empress Consort of the Wise Emperor, who up until now had never taken a single wife, was paramount.

His behaviour was brimming with confidence, he declared himself the representative of the Emperor, and to assuage any lack of persuasiveness, since he was accompanied by Chisha Gold of the Nine Divine Generals, it was sufficient.

And with everything going smoothly, Subaru/Schwartz and Chisha headed to their destination――,

???: [――Oya oya oya, it’s rare for a guest from the outside to pay me a visit! I don’t believe I’ve yet to properly participate in one of the island’s performances, but nevertheless, rumors must have already spread, that’s me for you! After all, it’s hard to keep the brilliance of the starring actor of this world hidden!]

Indeed, upon the Gladiator Island, they ended up coming face to face with Cecilus Segmunt, a boy who chattered louder than a lit firecracker―― and with a more youthful appearance than rumored.

Chisha was quite opposed to calling upon Cecilus as a means to compensate for their lack of a decisive blow, but there are no replacements for those that are called the strongest existences.

Thus, Subaru/Schwartz was eager to implore Cecilus to join the swing of the sword to defend against the Great Disaster that would befall the Empire, and then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Well, well, well, what a big event! Those far away, heed my voice!! Those near, come see for yourself! It’s the debut of the leading actor, Cecilus Segmunt!!]

The wind howled thunderously, and an unarmed Cecilus made a cheerful display, standing upon the island side of the drawbridge that connected the island and the mainland. ――He was facing the mass of black shadows that were descending upon the Gladiator Island.

Knowing in the very core of his being just what kind of existence it was and just how dangerous it was, Subaru/Schwartz could only gasp and be overwhelmed by Cecilus’s composure on stage.

――Cecilus Segmunt, the First of the Nine Divine Generals; the plan to extract him from the Gladiator Island had become exceedingly more difficult.

Gustav Morello, the governor entrusted with the management of the island, was unusually stubborn and inflexible, and he had adamantly refused to agree to the appeals of Subaru/Schwartz, who had been accompanied by the embodiment of persuasiveness that was Chisha.

He had been ordered by the real Vincent to not let the island’s criminals ――that is, the Gladiators, leave the island, and so he still displayed resistance to the proper procedures, causing trouble for Subaru/Schwartz and Chisha.

The “curse rule” that brought an end to any Gladiator that attempted to forcefully leave the island was particularly troublesome.

Transmitted by a Curse Tool possessed by Gustav, that cursed law had the entire island within its range, and it was applied to Subaru/Schwartz and his companions who had stepped foot on the island without knowing, preventing escape.

As a result, Subaru/Schwartz ended up being forced to face numerous unforeseen struggles, but the predicaments on the Gladiator Island did not end at Gustav.

The objective, Cecilus Segmunt, was also a difficult person that wouldn’t cooperate so easily.

Cecilus: [It’s surprising, but I don’t consider freedom to be unconditionally good. People have the freedom to draw pictures or compose words upon paper without constraints, but the likelihood of that which is put on paper carelessly or without thought becoming a masterpiece of literature or art is exceedingly low. Every masterpiece requires passion and a unified direction.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Stuff like client demands and delivery deadlines?]

Cecilus: [I like that. When I converse with Empress Consort Candidate-sama, my inspiration is violently stirred by your unfamiliar words and it raises my mood! And perhaps what Empress Consort Candidate-sama says is correct! They are necessary for stories. A destination to aim for.]

Subaru/Schwartz: [If so, then alongside us…]

Cecilus: [I’m still unable to determine if I can do so alongside Empress Consort Candidate-sama! After all, I’m a leading actor in great demand… for even now, the many words of support from the ladies and gentlemen who continue to have great expectations for my success are striking my heart like raindrops!]

Thus, despite seeming to lend an ear to Subaru/Schwartz’s persuasion, he was not about to lend his support.

Cecilus was one or two sizes smaller than he had heard, but the part of him at his core that was difficult to deal with seemed to be alive and well, and a pain rivaling even Gustav lay there.

Even so, Subaru/Schwartz, together with Chisha, had struggled to overcome Gustav and Cecilus, the two greatest obstacles to conquering the Gladiator Island.

And then, after all of that――,

???: [――Is that… the Witch?]

As the surging waves of the billowing lake crashed down and Cecilus bathed in the spray, behind him, Gustav watched the shadows alongside Subaru/Schwartz and let out those words in a voice stifled with astonishment.

The Witch, indeed, it was the Witch. With unparalleled strength, it was an unmanageable threat of the most formidable class―― that was what had emerged at the Gladiator Island, and now stood in the way of Subaru/Schwartz and everyone else.

As Cecilus laughed, Subaru/Schwartz and Gustav trembled.

And finally, Chisha collapsed in Subaru/Schwartz’s arms, tears of blood spilling down his face while showing the most pained expression he had made until now―― just moments before, the White Spider had donned the “mask” of Subaru/Schwartz.

Subaru/Schwartz: [Don’t tell me, could it be because you wore my “mask”?]

The Witch of Envy had long forbidden Subaru from revealing Return by Death.

Knowing the horror of the penalty that came when he transgressed this taboo, Subaru had abandoned disclosing Return by Death and worked hard to prevent the victims of his Authority from expanding beyond himself.

It had never even occurred to him that the same taboo would be applied to Chisha wearing his “mask”.

Chisha: [――Hk.]

Strictly speaking, Chisha, who was shedding tears of blood, had not worn Subaru’s “mask”. He had attempted to wear it, but the moment he had activated Noh, it had rejected Chisha and the “mask” had shattered into pieces.

However, the Witch was not so forgiving that she would turn a blind eye due to a failed attempt. When he came to, the color of the sky had changed, an ominous wind had begun to blow, and the world had started to come apart.

And like that, the Witch slowly arrived at the island as a herald of the end――,

Cecilus: [The world is vast, magnificent, and full of the unexpected. ――It’s getting entertaining now, isn’t it, everyone?]

Cecilus boldly declared so in a voice devoid of even a tinge of bravado or pretense to Subaru/Schwartz, whose body was being pummeled from the inside by his furiously pounding heart.

This predicament, his distress, the demise drawing ever close at hand; Cecilus Segmunt greeted it all with a laugh. That made Subaru/Schwartz’s heart tremble. ――Whether that was out of horror or perhaps an impulse closer to admiration, he could not even make such a distinction.

Chisha: [This threat, there is no mistaking it… however, there appear to be… slight fluctuations…]

Subaru/Schwartz: [Chisha-san!]

Chisha: [I am most embarrassed to frighten you so…  I would also like to avoid being looked down upon by Cecilus when he is that size.]

This was grumbled in a tone that was clearly full of bravado and pretense, and supported by Subaru/Schwartz, Chisha sat up and got on his feet.

Wiping away his bloody tears with a finger, leaving behind traces of blood on his white face, Chisha slapped Gustav, who was standing motionless, on the back, bringing the Governor of the Gladiator Island to his senses.

Gustav: [General First-Class, Chisha Gold… In my capacity…]

Chisha: [There must be a role that none but you can play. What is it that His Excellency Vincent Vollachia has ordered of you?]

Gustav: [That――]

Chisha: [We are here. ――Fulfill your duty, Gustav Morello!]

Gustav caught his breath at that forceful statement, his fanged mouth stiffened, and then he turned and rushed resolutely toward the center of the island.

Upon the Gladiator Island, there were many Gladiators alongside those who managed them. Gustav was the only one who could mobilize everyone appropriately to prevent them from being harmed.

And then――,

Chisha: [Might I suggest that you also withdraw to a safe location?]

Subaru/Schwartz: [A safe location… Where could I find that on this island?]

Shaking his head at Chisha’s proposition, Subaru/Schwartz also rose to his feet and responded.

As if sucking up the dark water of the lake, the Witch’s shadows swelled to the size of a small mountain and approached, so formidable that it threatened to engulf everything, no matter where one was on the island.

This penalty for violating the taboo, was it a similar development to when she had swallowed everything, upon his disclosure of Return by Death to Echidna in the Tomb of the Sanctuary? On that occasion, if he had not had Petra’s handkerchief that Echidna had implanted with light, he would have been in a predicament where even suicide would not have been possible.

However, at this very moment――,

Subaru/Schwartz: [If it will be the same no matter where I go, I will see it through. ――No matter how many times it takes.]

Chisha: [A baffling way of putting it, but it is marvelous the impact it has.]

Holding his own elbow, Subaru/Schwartz resolved to not move from that spot.

In truth, there was no escape. And if those who held the strength to oppose the Witch were unable to completely resist her, then Subaru/Schwartz would simply create an opportunity and prepare a way to break out of the situation.

Before Subaru/Schwartz, who was resigned to Return by Death, Chisha stepped forward, standing alongside the blue-haired youth at the front line, and――,

Cecilus: [The long-awaited climax, the grand stage, in the spotlight! Can I expect that your resolve is set if at this moment of truth, you’re standing alongside me, the flash of lightning that illuminates the world?]

Chisha: [Even when you are this size, your prattling does not shrink too… What resolve?]

Cecilus: [Hahaha, I don’t care whether you lie! Haven’t you been avoiding me since you came to the Gladiator Island? Empress Consort Candidate-sama tried all sorts of tricks and wiles to woo me, but you drew my interest by not interacting with me! I don’t know whether that was intentional or not! With that premise, I can’t help but have expectations when it comes to this situation!]

Chisha: [Expectations. ――Hearing you say that, I feel revolted.]

Having assumed his young form, Cecilus had completely forgotten his connection to Chisha. Chisha accepted this fact as if he expected it, and was likely intimately involved in Cecilus’s current condition.

While thinking about that matter, Subaru/Schwartz also thought this of the two standing side-by-side:

Subaru/Schwartz: […Dependable.]

――This was the sight that Vincent Vollachia had seen.

No matter how formidable an enemy stood before them, if Chisha and Cecilus stood together before oneself, therein lay the confidence to believe that those two would crush them, force them to yield, and clear a path forward.

In front of Subaru/Schwartz, who was convinced by his heartbeat within, Chisha made the first move.

Slowly, Chisha brought his hand up to his own pale face, and put on a “mask”――

Chisha: [――Mask of the Lightning.]

His bones creaked loudly, as his constitution, the thickness of his flesh, and the structure of his body all began to change.

While seeing this grotesque Noh transformation of sorts before his eyes, Subaru/Schwartz had the transformation sequence of a hero of justice in his head.

It was undoubtedly a transformation sequence, in the sense that it created anticipation of what was to come. And when that transformation sequence ended, what was there was――,

Cecilus: [Oh, oh, oh! Well well, such a handsome young man, I couldn’t help but be captivated! For some reason, it has the flavor of the appearance of someone I recognize, but what’s this?]

Chisha: [I am impressed by your unwavering thoughts.]

Next to Cecilus, who had raised his voice, there stood Chisha, who had changed appearance to that of a young man with long blue hair. Standing behind them, Subaru/Schwartz knew who it was with a single glance, thanks to the object of comparison being next to him.

――Reproduced via Noh, this was the original form of Cecilus Segmunt. This was the presence of the Blue Lightning, the strongest of Vollachia, before he shrunk.

Chisha: [We shall attack the seams. Can you keep up?]

Cecilus: [Oh hoh, you took the words right out of my mouth! Don’t believe that you’ll be able to leave me behind just because you happen to have a beautiful face that catches eyes and etches itself into your mind. The Empress Consort candidate too, don’t even blink!]

Responding to the provocation by Chisha in his own true form, and while briefly showing consideration to Subaru/Schwartz with the final words at the end, Cecilus poked the ground of the island with his zori . [4]

Beside him, Chisha made the same gesture―― Two Cecilus’s, big and small, exchanged glances, and in an instant, two bolts of lightning arced in a flash across the island and launched at the incompletely manifested Witch.

It was undoubtedly a legendary scene worthy of being majestically narrated at length in an illustrated story.

It was a once-in-a-lifetime, truly eerie and wondrous performance upon a grand stage, where two surging bolts of lightning clashed against a specter of black shadows.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――I suppose the proper clash shall begin tomorrow.]

Chisha muttered while holding a sake cup, admiring the gleaming Crystal Palace from the balcony of the Imperial Residence.

Illuminated by the light of the night, the beautiful, dazzling rays danced upon the castle in the distance. Subaru also held a sake cup in his hand―― though its contents were milk, he stood next to Chisha, saying “I see…” with a sigh.

Chisha: [――――]

An awkward silence fell, and Subaru struggled to hold back the complicated emotions in his chest. However, to the extent one could somehow do so with superficial effort, this struggle was not a foe that could be so easily overcome.

Ever since Chaosflame, where he had saved Chisha and been saved by Chisha in turn, then made the decision to take his hand and support his aims, thus becoming involved with the affairs of the Empire, there had always been a lingering unease that would not fade; it was precisely this sort of troublesome foe, one that continued to force Subaru to reexamine himself.

Next to Subaru, who was fighting a battle of attrition with that troublesome foe, Chisha brought his sake cup to his mouth, his tongue moistened with alcohol, and called out, “Natsuki-dono,”

Chisha: [You have helped me quite a bit. Once again allow me to convey my gratitude.]

Subaru: [Oioi, you’re being sentimental . Someone saying stuff like that before a battle like they’re putting their affairs in order, may very well tip a flag that they’re gonna mess up at a crucial moment.]

Chisha: [A flag … Would that be like what Cecilus calls “foreshadowing”? ]

Subaru: [Yeah yeah, like Ceci.]

Cecilus’s characteristic way of wording things was difficult to understand, but when deciphered, Subaru found there was a lot to be impressed by in how he perceived the true nature of things and how his way of thinking got to the heart of matters.

Even if it was an imperfect manifestation, Cecilus had repelled the Witch who assailed the Gladiator Island along with Chisha, and had exclaimed, “My long-awaited grand performance!” as he cheerfully left the island, and for better or worse had been waiting in the Imperial Capital for his turn on stage without a care in the world.

The specific particulars on how Cecilus had gained a young form were unclear to him, but if even things such as his ways of thinking or feeling had also been made young, Subaru wondered if it might be the case that when he one day returned to his original form, he might lose his current vibrant sensibilities. If that was the case, he thought that would be regrettable.

Chisha: [Do not worry yourself, I suppose Cecilus has always been that way.]

Subaru: [No kidding. Then I’m… well I can’t say I’m relieved, since I’ll be worried in the opposite sense. The First, Ceci is like that, the Second, Arakiya-chan is how she is, Vollachia sure managed to keep running, huh?]

Chisha: [All of that is due to His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia’s management. ――Consequently, I am not confident in the success of this endeavor. In truth, I suppose it has been riddled with unforeseen occurrences.]

Subaru: [Like my appearance.]

Chisha: [You said it yourself.]

The corners of his mouth relaxed, and Chisha gave a small chuckle at Subaru’s words.

Talking about unforeseen circumstances, Subaru would not lose out to Chisha. From the beginning, since they were sent to the Vollachian Empire, not a single thing had gone as expected.

Subaru: [If I had to say anything, it’s that Natsumi Schwartz’s existence has been proven to the Empire after the Kingdom, I guess.]

Chisha: […I do not believe I possess the qualification to say this after so thoroughly using it, but I do doubt whether you learned those skills in the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [Ahh, the level-up of my skills was developed in Lugunica, but I acquired those skills elsewhere. In my hometown, beyond the so-called Great Waterfall… Oops. Beako kept getting upset with me, saying that putting it like that would cause misunderstandings, but I did it again.]

Chisha: [Beyond the Great Waterfall. ――I see, I understand now.]

Subaru felt his fingers tremble from a lack of Beatromin, and beside him Chisha nodded as if he was impressed in some way by what he had said. Based on the flow of the conversation, it wasn’t regarding Subaru/Schwartz, but rather the topic after that. ――It was probably about the Great Waterfall.

Chisha: [All along, I have held some doubts. As a citizen of the Kingdom, it was natural that your values differed from ours in the Empire, Natsuki-dono, but even so, the divergence was too large.]

Subaru: [The divergence was… too large?]

Chisha: [To speak bluntly, you overvalue the worth of lives. ――Or, to be more precise, I suppose I should say the worth of other people’s lives.]

Subaru blinked as Chisha spoke those words while he traced his own slender jaw with a finger.

The worth of lives, of course such a thing would have great significance. Everyone had but a single life. There may be exceptions, but setting those exceptions aside, that was an absolute truth.

And it was for that reason, he wished that no opportunities would be stolen from any lives.

Subaru: [Even you, Chisha-san, saved me in Chaosflame, you know? Back then, thanks to you tearing off the “mask” of the Emperor and donning Ferris’s, you linked together the unforeseen circumstances of unforeseen circumstances.]

Chisha: [That was simply due to the fact that there was merit in using you, Natsuki-dono. If I were to speak using my own standards of value, it was simply that the loss of allowing you to die there felt far greater. However, you do not see things in such terms of advantages and disadvantages. I suppose the reason for this is the sense of values at your core.]

Subaru: […I get that things like the soil and water you grew up with can change how you view the world. Since I hate the Empire.]

Chisha: [Haha, you say it so clearly it is almost refreshing.]

Subaru: [I hate the Empire. I hate it, but I can’t bring myself to completely hate everyone on that soil. That’s the sort of standards of value I have, though.]

That was not a particularly special mindset, or at least Subaru did not think so.

Of course, Subaru was well aware that his ideals were naive compared to the values of the Kingdom of Lugunica, much less the values of the fierce and harsh Vollachian Empire. Even after living in another world for over a year, he did not feel like he would ever get used to the exchange of lives.

To a certain extent, he accepted that it was inevitable that this would be used as a reason for disappointment. On the other hand, when used as a reason for praise, he couldn’t help but think it was not such a big deal.

Subaru: [First of all, you believe me, Chisha-san? That I came from beyond the Great Waterfall?]

Chisha: [Words I have never seen nor heard before, your way of thinking, some skills, and those values. A Witch Cultist who managed to learn social skills while being raised in a senseless environment―― Well, if I had to use such a dreadful description, I would more easily preserve the tranquility of my heart by saying they were a visitor from beyond the Great Waterfall.]

Subaru: [Seriously? Is it information that, If you don’t convince yourself to that level , you can’t balance the scales?… I should’ve taken Beako more seriously…]

For Chisha, it was apparently a story on the level of him only believing it because it was preferable to Subaru being a Witch Cultist.

Even the Emilia Camp tended to be the type to more or less let Subaru’s history go in one ear and out the other, so he was grateful that Chisha believed him, even if it was through dubious logic, but from now on, he intended to be much more careful in how he broached such subjects.

Subaru: [I’m sure glad we had this talk before I carelessly reminisced about my past with Rem. I’ve been slowly building just a bit of momentum, but my favorability almost crashed again. Even though I’m already at rock bottom.]

Chisha: [It has been oddly low up to now.]

Rem’s feelings fluctuated and were hard to evaluate, and Chisha’s comment was sympathetic to that.

Over the course of opening up to each other, he had told Chisha that Rem had become a victim of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, and as a result had forgotten her connection with Subaru.

Though, now that he thought about how the previous conversation regarding his connection to the Great Waterfall had been received, there was also the possibility Chisha had only believed this since it was preferable to Subaru being an evil stalker with a complicated attachment to Rem.

Chisha: [Originally, I had had no intention of recalling Cecilus.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Subaru’s eyes widened as he was caught off guard by the atmosphere of the sudden change in the flow of the conversation.

When he looked, Chisha had placed his sake cup on the railing of the balcony, and while opening and closing his now vacant hand, with his golden eyes he gazed upon the Crystal Palace―― no, the very Imperial Capital itself.

Given the change in atmosphere, Subaru also set down his cup and looked out upon the same scene.

Chisha: [As you may have already grasped, I changed him into that youthful form with my Noh. It was for good reason that I sent him to the Gladiator Island like that. And that, along with everything else was――]

Subaru: [To prepare for the coming Great Disaster, right? I don’t get what you stood to gain from shrinking Ceci and tossing him onto an island, but… Ah, wait, maybe, was it the same as with Goz-san?]

Chisha: [You are not far from the mark, thus I shall leave it at that. After all, no one can stand on the same level as Cecilus Segmunt. ――Aside from the Sword Saint and the Admirer and such.]

Subaru: […Your name is coming up even here, you are truly worldwide , Reinhard.]

As a matter of fact, Subaru had seen with his own eyes that Cecilus’s strength was something that deviated from the norm.

During the battle against the Witch that had unfolded, the true value of the Blue Lightning had certainly been demonstrated. ――However, it had not been the young Cecilus himself who had demonstrated this, but rather Chisha, having donned that “mask” and played the role of an adult Cecilus.

To Subaru’s eyes, as one who had seen Reinhard’s transcendent combat up close twice before, he certainly believed that the ability of the adult Cecilus could be placed in the same realm of the transcendent.

However――,

Subaru: [If we’re only talking about strength, then sure, but there are more qualifications beyond just that necessary to stand alongside him.]

Chisha: [――. What do you mean by those words?]

Subaru: [Well, when Chisha-san and Ceci challenged that huge shadow on Ginunhive, it might have just been due to me having the heroine mentality of Natsumi Schwartz, but I could feel it. ――That these two, standing side-by-side, are the strongest of the Empire.]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [I’m not just saying this because you had transformed into an adult Ceci, Chisha-san, got it? The dependability I felt then wasn’t that sort of thing. It’s like, the reason you win isn’t just because you’re strong, that sort of perspective is completely different… I can’t put it into words very well!]

Scratching his head, Subaru searched for a way to convey the passion of that moment.

Unlike just being strong because they were strong, and also unlike equating them because they were both the same strength, it was more like one plus one not equalling two, but some much greater number; it was that sort of extraordinary feeling.

Subaru: [Honestly, you’ve been so selfish. Even supposing he found out Chisha-san’s true intentions, His Excellency the Emperor might get so upset he would never forgive you. For my part, I believe Emperor Vincent is a lucky man though.]

Chisha: [His Excellency is a lucky man, you say? On that, I suppose we agree.]

Subaru: [Oh, not being humble about that?]

Chisha: [An accurate grasp of the capabilities of others, not to mention my own, is an essential measure of my role in the Empire. Above all, those who do not intend to make their true strength known shall only be devoured in this land of Sword Wolves.]

Subaru: [A society of super-efficiency, a super-meritocracy, a principle of super-competitiveness… I get it, but I have a bit of hope that Vollachia isn’t a place only defined by that.]

Saying that, Subaru spun around and leaned his back against the railing, looking up at the night sky.

The Imperial Capital of Lupugana was modeled as a star-shaped fortress, with the shimmering Crystal Palace placed at its north, and a sky full of stars that sparkled above. Subaru squinted at those stars, whose names he did not know.

He did not know their names, these stars he did not recognize or have any connection with, this starry sky that by all rights he should never have seen, yet they seemed to him to be exactly the same as people he had met in Vollachia.

Subaru: [Berstetz-san is surprisingly passionate. You evaluated him as an ultra-imperialist, Chisha-san, but I think he’s a passionate person. Probably the type that secretly treasures promises and such. Madelyn-chan doesn’t often open up her heart to me, but I think she’s quite caring. I think it was good to have someone by her side. I get the sense that she’s kind of lost on what to do with such compassion, I guess?]

Chisha: [Well, well, I feel like that is somewhat too soft of a viewpoint… However, you have me quite intrigued, so I suppose I would like to hear more.]

Subaru: [It’s nothing outrageous. Even after losing one of his arms, Olbart-san hasn’t shown even a bit of tragic heroism, probably due to the wisdom of his years. He may act viciously, but it seems like he has a surprising amount of compassion for young people. I haven’t had the chance to properly chat with Mogurocchi yet, but truthfully I have high expectations that he might be the most honest person in the Empire.]

After accompanying them to Chaosflame, Olbart seemed to have taken his feelings of guilt into consideration, wondering if he could attach a weapon where his lost arm had been. Since Subaru was constantly outside the city, he had had little contact with Moguro, who was in charge of guarding the Crystal Palace, but he was caring in a particularly quiet way, and often worried about Arakiya, who had left their side, and Goz, who was imprisoned.

Subaru: [As for Kafma-san, ever since the healing magic Rem remembered how to use worked on him, he’s become Rem’s biggest fan, which is honestly hilarious. But, given how much I’m running about, I’m grateful that there are those like Madelyn-chan who care about Rem. And, as for Ubilk… ah, well, how can I put it? He acts as a lubricant for the organization…]

Chisha: [If you cannot think of anything, I do not believe you should have to search for any good points in vain.]

Subaru: [Well, Ceci is Ceci, so I’ll skip that… And then there’s you, Chisha-san.]

Chisha: [――――]

Subaru: [It’s been one thing after another since I was sent to the Empire, but Chisha-san was always saving me… Or manipulating me? I was forced to go along with it…]

Chisha: [Wherever you fall on the matter, you shall not get any regret from me.]

Chisha stated so with a sigh toward Subaru, who was still uncertain in his evaluation.

Putting any manipulation or forced accompaniment aside, even the evaluation that he had been saved was deemed as vexing; Chisha Gold just had that sort of hard-to-please disposition.

However, that too, was a part of the partner whom he had spent so long with in such a short time.

Subaru: [For better or worse, you’ve been involved in eighty percent of my events in the Empire, Chisha-san. To me, the Vollachian Empire equals Chisha Gold.]

Chisha: [Discourteous. This is the Land of the Sword Wolf, and the Vollachian Empire is none other than the land of His Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia himself, thus I pray you shall amend your belief.]

Shrugging his shoulders while joking, the rebel who ousted that very Emperor Vincent Vollachia from the throne, and threw the Empire into chaos due to his own wishes said such a thing.

To that, Subaru responded with “ Nice joke ,” and the two laughed together for a moment.

And then――,

Subaru: [This may well also be a flag or foreshadowing, so I’m unsure whether I should say it, but… well, after you achieve your goal, what will you do, Chisha-san?]

Chisha: [What, do you mean?]

Subaru: [Well, since you’ve done what you’ve done, even if you were to reveal everything, we don’t know whether Emperor Vincent would forgive you, right Chisha-san? That’s why… you know. If there’s no place for you left in the Empire, I could show you around the Kingdom this time!]

Chisha: [Hoh, you, Natsuki Subaru from beyond the Great Waterfall, shall show me the Kingdom of Lugunica?]

Subaru: [I’ve been living in the Kingdom for over a year now, so I can at least show you around the area!]

At any rate, if he was able to bring Rem back to the Kingdom of Lugunica, he wanted to not only help her recall her Memories, but also to journey around to the places she had been acquainted with.

Of course, since there was also the matter of Emilia’s Royal Selection, he did not have a lot of free time. Subaru felt it would not be so bad if Emilia, Beatrice, and a white Sword Wolf driven from the Empire were a part of such a journey.

Chisha: [As it is, in the position of supporting someone burdened with the complications of being a half-elf, I believe the way you extend your hand in that manner is perhaps a bit too unprincipled. If it is to this extent, I suspect the coordinator of the camp you are a part of, Natsuki-dono, surely has a lot of trouble piling up.]

Subaru: [Guh… It’s fine! It’s his own nature to take on troubles, and ‘cuz he told me to say anything without worrying about appearances!]

Chisha: [“‘Cuz”, huh?]

He had responded with a pretty reasonable rebuttal, and Subaru frowned.

Did the way he changed the topic ultimately mean Subaru had been rejected? Of course, he knew offering a prospect after being chased out of the Empire to Chisha, who was standing firm for the future of the Empire, was an insensitive topic.

Subaru: [I don’t like it when people try to do something somehow by putting themselves in a so-called heroic last stand, where they have nowhere to return, or nowhere to belong. That’s why I will offer the hand that I want to offer.]

Chisha: [Natsuki-dono…]

Subaru: [There! Flag building on the eve of a decisive battle is over! That’s all I wanted to discuss… Ah, thank you for taking care of Rem’s life. Doing that for me really saved me. …It’s super complicated, but I’d also like to thank Louis for that.]

While Subaru was away from the Imperial Capital, it seemed like the bond between Rem and Louis had grown deeper and deeper.

So far, she had not committed a single Sin Archbishop-like evil, and if anything seemed to be devotedly dedicating herself to Rem, but he could not fathom the root of those actions. ――Even if she was not what she appeared to be, it was going to be a headache to figure out what to do with her when he brought Rem back to the Kingdom.

Perhaps how to deal with this headache was a matter to consult Otto about.

Chisha: [――――]

Then, while Subaru was planning to make Otto’s stomachache even worse in that way, Chisha furrowed his brow, which was unusual, then opened his lips like he was going to say something, before closing them. Opened, then closed. Three times.

This seemed to be born of some kind of hesitation, and Subaru tilted his head.

Subaru: [Chisha-san, did that raise some flags ?]

Chisha: [――. No, in fact I suppose it is the opposite. I nearly uttered something that could have been foreshadowing, thus I restrained myself. Cecilus and you almost got me there, Natsuki-dono.]

Subaru: [Ceci and I are in the same category!? Seriously!?]

Subaru’s eyes widened, taken aback by what Chisha had said with a chuckle. Without saying much about Subaru’s response, Chisha picked up the sake cup he had put on the railing and took a sip of the alcohol.

A man who, unbeknownst to anyone, had worked out a plan to repel the Great Disaster that would shake the very Empire, and perhaps may have to bear living with fingers pointing at him even after the truth became clear; the fruition of his battle, in which he had deceived even his own lord that he devoted his loyalty to, was now soon at hand.

While praying that wish would be successful, at the same time, a clear path to return to the Kingdom of Lugunica was finally in sight, Subaru also clenched his fists.

Then, driven by the heat welling up within him, he raised those fists up, and,

Subaru: [Let’s do it Chisha-san. This battle will be our victory!]

Chisha: [I am not the sort of person who can get that heated, but… I value that spirit.]

Saying so, Chisha raised his sake cup into the night without any momentum and brought his own fist up to Subaru’s.

This was a mutual struggle―― no, a relationship of complicity, born out of an absurdity neither desired. For the great liars who deceived the Vollachian Empire, it was a night of firm oaths.

――And it would be Natsuki Subaru and Chisha Gold’s final night together.

△▼△▼△▼△

With his shoulders shaken and his cheeks tapped, Natsuki Subaru was brought back to consciousness, only to find the place he had awoken was not his bedroom in Berstetz’s mansion, but to his astonishment, the inside of a cramped crate.

???: [Uuu!]

The one who had played a part in rousing Subaru with that high-pitched voice was Louis Arneb, who was stuffed into the jam-packed space just like Subaru.

Seeing Rem’s figure behind the beaming Louis, Subaru sprang up. He smacked his head hard against the ceiling of the box, the pain and heat making him yell “Owwww!”

And then――,

Rem: [――We are inside a dragon carriage headed toward the Kingdom of Lugunica. I heard them say so.]

Subaru: [Ha-, huh? But, why would we be? Because… no, because! The rebels are already here!]

Rem: [I don’t know either! It happened so suddenly. We were forcefully crammed into this dragon carriage, and… you wouldn’t wake up at all.]

Subaru: [Don’t be ridiculous, I’m good at getting up, so if there was a commotion like that, I’d immediately…]

Wake up , he was about to say, before confronting the reality that he actually had not. When he did, what flashed through Subaru’s mind was the milk he had drank the night before.

The milk he had been drinking while chatting with Chisha on the balcony of the Imperial Residence; it had been prepared by Chisha for Subaru, and right after they finished talking, he remembered being struck by sudden drowsiness. He had stumbled back to his assigned room, slept like a log there, and then――,

Subaru: [Chisha-san set me up…! What was I thinking… Am I an idiot? No, I am definitely an idiot. It’s obvious what Chisha-san is planning.]

It was certain. Chisha’s goal in orchestrating this situation was clear.

Chisha intended to do it alone. Up to this point, Chisha had been borrowing Subaru’s help to arrange the pieces on the board, and at the final moment, he had decided to remove Subaru from the game board, just like he had done to the Emperor, and begin the final battle against the Great Disaster by himself.

Had he intended this from the very start, and where such deception had come from; such cowardly and futile complaints whirled through his head―― and he shut them out.

At this very moment, there was no use in lamenting that which disappointed him.

Subaru: [We have to get out somehow…]

Rem: [I think that will be difficult. I’ve tried several times, but this box is sturdy, and it won’t budge at all. We’ll be released once we’ve crossed the border with the Kingdom… or so it seems.]

Subaru: [But then, we won’t make it in time for the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital! Hey! Heeey! Someone! Open this up! Open it! I am Natsumi Schwartz, the Empress Consort candidate of His Excellency, Emperor Vincent Vollachia!!]

Despite banging on the walls of the crate and protesting as Natsumi Schwartz, no response occurred in the dragon carriage. Obviously, they had been ordered by Chisha, who had orchestrated all of this, to not lend an ear to anything Subaru or the others might say upon waking.

Subaru: [――Tch, Invisible Providence.]

Gritting his teeth, Subaru activated the invisible arm within himself―― Invisible Providence, and intended to destroy the crate.

However, unlike the Sin Archbishop of Sloth who originally possessed this power, Subaru’s version was not much different from simply being a third arm, aside from it being unable to be seen. If Subaru could not break the walls with his two actual arms, then it would be just as impossible to do it with this one.

Subaru: [If only the box had a simple lock, I could have opened it with a bit of In Prov , but…]

Feeling nothing but his body creaking in recoil, Subaru gritted his teeth at the failure of his plan.

Beside the struggling Subaru, Rem wore a tense expression, having already repeatedly gone through a similar struggle and made several dents in the wall the size of the tip of her pinky finger. ――She, too, did not believe it was right to leave the Empire at a time like this.

Rem had been placed at Berstetz’s mansion as a hostage for Subaru, but during her life there, she had recalled how to use the healing arts, and became highly prized as an invaluable asset in the Empire.

Feeling that her work was fulfilling, Rem had been making relationships in the Empire in her own way. He had also heard that she had been able to make some friends as well.

Rem: [Madelyn-san and Katya-san, they will remain in the Imperial Capital, but I…]

She probably had not even been allowed to say farewell..

For Subaru too, he could not help but feel like the final words he exchanged with Chisha had been “I have to go to the bathroom before bed.” His extreme drowsiness aside, what a pathetic state of affairs.

Subaru: [Shit! Let us out! At least… at least talk to me about it! Don’t just go deciding things on your own!]

Louis: [Aaa, uu?]

Subaru: [Shut up! It’s always the case, but right now I really don’t have the time to deal with you!]

Subaru snapped at Louis, who had peered over from beside him with a look of concern as he slammed on the walls. He was aware that it was nothing more than him venting his anger, and even if she was a Sin Archbishop, he felt disgust rise up within himself for making her the target of his outburst.

Instead of Subaru, pathetic as he was, Rem softly hugged Louis from behind after she was yelled at.

And then――,

Louis: [Uuu?]

Rem: […I’m… not okay. I want to insist that I’m okay, so I don’t make Louis-chan worry, but right now… Both I, and this one…]

Louis: [Uau, eu. ――Aaa, uu.]

Held in a tight embrace, Louis blinked at the words of Rem, who had tears welling in her eyes. Then, as her expression seemed to stiffen slightly, she reached out her hand and touched Subaru.

Subaru clenched his teeth at that sensation. ――It happened immediately after that.

Subaru: [――Ah?]

In the next instant, his vision suddenly seemed to blur for a split second, and Subaru found himself plopped down on the road.

Subaru: [Eh, ah, eh? Out… outside, but this is way too far outside!]

Yelling in sheer incredulity, the flustered Subaru scrambled to his feet. And Subaru was not the only one taken aback by the unexpected phenomenon. Rem, who had been holding Louis, was also sitting there.

The three of them, in the same positions as in the box, were on the road――.

Subaru: [That was, a warp … a teleport? No way.]

Louis: [Uu!]

In front of Subaru, who intuitively knew the answer, it was Louis who was enthusiastically raising her hand.

That was the power held by Louis―― No, the power of the Authority of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony. One of the Gluttonies at the Pleiades Watchtower had devoured the ability to teleport over short distances from someone. Using that, Louis had taken Subaru and Rem and slipped out of the dragon carriage.

Rem: [Louis-chan, amazing…]

Subaru: [It annoys me to straightforwardly praise you by calling it amazing, but in this case you did great! You, can you use that warp to return us all the way back to the Imperial Capital in one go!?]

Louis: [Uuu? Au, uuuauu.]

Subaru grabbed her shoulders eagerly and rocked her back and forth, causing Louis’s eyes to roll back in her head as she shook her head. Understanding that her response was a denial, Subaru felt a wave of bitter vexation.

He was grateful they had managed to escape the dragon carriage, but in all likelihood, they had probably already been taken quite far from the Imperial Capital. How long would it take to return to the Imperial Capital on foot now, especially accompanied by Rem, whose legs had yet to fully recover?

If anything, although he would feel bad for Rem, he could have her continue on past the border, while he returned to the Imperial Capital on his own―― it was as he thought of this plan.

Rem: [――――]

Suddenly, a high-pitched sound emitted from Rem, making Subaru spin around in surprise. Looking closer, he saw that the mysterious high-pitched note had come from something like a small whistle that Rem had brought to her lips.

As he wondered what it was, Rem informed the wide-eyed Subaru, “It’s a dragon bone whistle,”

Rem: [I received it from Madelyn-san. Back when I mended Madelyn-san’s clothes, she said she wanted to reward me, since those clothes were very precious to her. If I blow this whistle――]

Subaru: [If you blow that whistle… hey, whoa!?]

The answer to the call of the dragon bone flute Madelyn had gifted her came swooping down from the sky.

Could it have been one among the many flying dragons commanded by Madelyn, a dragonkin? Flying dragons have a ferocious temperament that made them entirely untamable by humans aside from a particular method of raising them; this one knelt before Rem, who still held the flute in her hands, and lowered its head, showing its intention to obey.

Perhaps, it had been instructed by Madelyn and ordered to obey Rem.

Subaru: [If this guy will give us a ride, then off to the Imperial Capital!]

Rem: [Just a moment ago, weren’t you making a plan to leave Louis-chan and me behind to return to the Imperial Capital alone?]

Subaru: [I’m sorry! But I didn’t mean anything bad by it! You’re just so important and dear to me!]

Rem: [Ha? I’m not giving you a ride though?]

Subaru: [I’ll say it as little as possible from now on! Just give me a ride!]

His inner conflict revealed by his impatience and agitation, a flustered Subaru pleaded with Rem. Sighing at Subaru’s remarks, Rem pulled Louis close with an outstretched hand, and,

Rem: [I have no clue how fast it will go. Please hold on tight.]

Subaru: [Gotcha! Despite everything, this is the first chance I’ve gotten to ride a flying dragon, but I guess now isn’t the time for that!]

Riding atop a living creature flying through the sky and soaring freely across the heavens, such was not a common experience. So far, the only time Subaru had flown through the sky under similar conditions was with Roswaal.

While harboring such trivial emotions, Subaru hugged Rem and Louis’s waists from behind, and suddenly hoisted the two of them up as he leapt onto the flying dragon’s back.

Then, offering a quick apology to the “Hey!” in protest from Rem,

Subaru: [We’re coming back, Imperial Capital! Don’t think we’ll just end our story by dropping out like this!]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Chisha-san, the time is at hand.]

Right before the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital commenced, Ubilk, who had paid a visit to Chisha, declared this revelation.

Regarding the position of the Stargazers, those contacted by the heavenly Observers, who they call “stars”―― those existences who established the principles of this world and uphold absolute separation; Chisha felt disgusted.

Chisha: [ Contacted , and so on, it is all the influence of Natsuki-dono.]

Conscious of the words murmured in his own head, Chisha suddenly relaxed his lips.

Last night, Subaru and his companions Rem and Louis had been put to sleep and smuggled out of the Imperial Capital, and were now headed straight for the border between the Empire and the Kingdom. The soldiers, deeply loyal to Chisha, accepted the task without any explanation and unhesitatingly obeyed their orders that took them far from the battlefield.

Unexpectedly, Chisha was deeply moved by how much he had been blessed by the people around him.

???: [Of course, of course that would be the case! No matter what anyone says, I myself have come alongside you, so there is absolutely no room for doubt on that front!]

Chisha: […I am certain I already gave the orders to deploy, so I suppose I must wonder why you are still here.]

Then, Chisha furrowed his brow at the childish figure of the Blue Lightning whom he had encountered in the corridors of the Crystal Palace. However, holding out his hand as if such a question was naught but foolishness, Cecilus exclaimed, “ Nonsense !” Cecilus: [You know of me, don’t you? As one who strives to be the leading actor of this world, it’s guaranteed I‘ll certainly be on time to assume the spotlight. Indeed, it’s for such a reason I’m properly present here at the scene of a great battle that will shake the Empire!]

Chisha: [Is that not because Natsumi Schwartz-dono and I came to fetch you?]

Cecilus: [That! Right! There! I am telling you that it was guidance visiting me in my time of need. Hypothetically speaking, you know? Say, even if it hadn’t been you and Ma’am who came to get me! Or even if no one had come to get me! I surely would’ve ended up at this battlefield regardless. No matter what twist of fate may have come!]

Chisha: [As ever… Even a Stargazer conveys the messages of the stars in a slightly more refined way, but it matters not what is said to you.]

Cecilus: [Of course. How could someone with a weak, spineless character ever be loved as a charming leading actor? Even if one doesn’t carry a sword, everyone carries their own convictions. That’s not just limited to me, you and Ma’am are the same.]

Sternly thrusting his finger at him, Cecilus spoke with his usual tone. It was so overwhelmingly his usual self that, for just a moment, Chisha forgot the boy before him was currently shrunk in size.

Natsuki Schwartz, or “Ma’am” as Cecilus called him―― and by extension, Natsuki Subaru, certainly possessed the kind of conviction that could be called “naivety.”

If so, did Chisha Gold possess it? ――Conviction?

Cecilus: [You do. ――Since you are also one of the actors I have acknowledged.]

Chisha: [You were not the one who chose me. Allow me to make that much clear.]

Cecilus: [Gosh, how harsh. Ohoho, looks like the battle is about to begin, huh?]

Sniffing with his nose as he gazed out the window, Cecilus narrowed his blue eyes.

Chisha had no way of knowing whether it was merely a part of his performance, or if he had genuinely gotten a whiff of the scent of combat.

However, to the one who had spun around and was heading to conquer the battlefield as he had just been ordered to, Chisha called out “Cecilus” and――,

Chisha: [Forgive me, as I have already conveyed what I wanted to convey once already, but since it is important, there is one more thing.]

Cecilus: [Hoho, what might it be? Please give the leading actor a lively send-off before he heads out onto the battlefield!]

Chisha: [Those were surprisingly pleasant days, driving the dragon carriage with you and getting its wheels stuck in a rut. ――I pray for your good fortune in battle, Cecilus Segmunt.]

Cecilus: [――――]

Yes, his own voice had sounded far calmer than he had expected, and Chisha quietly digested his surprise. At those same words, Cecilus’s eyes widened, before a familiar smile broke across his face and said,

Cecilus: [―― Perfect !!]

△▼△▼△▼△

He had continued to fool, fabricate, lie, trick, ensnare, entrap, and deceive and deceive and deceive.

He did not like to deceive. However, it was his expertise.

It was an accident that Noh had come to dwell within Chisha Gold, but when he thought of the results it had brought about, he could not help but feel it was inevitable ――no, that it was “foreshadowing”.

Was it perhaps a bit too narrative brained to believe so?

Chisha: [However, it cannot be helped. How long have I spent alongside Cecilus, and been exposed to that cheerful and endless flood of words?]

Even if he did not empathize with that point of view, there were many ways in which it had influenced him.

Nothing, not even all of Cecilus’s views, could be simply dismissed as absurd. Surprisingly, Cecilus’s words were not void of any deeper meaning.

In particular, he understood the idea Cecilus espoused that everyone was an actor, and had their part to play upon the stage. ――If so, then what was the role of Chisha Gold?

???: [Contrary to my expectations, I do not feel any strong emotions. ――Even as I look up from below like this at the throne I was driven from.]

Chisha: [――――]

Chisha narrowed his golden eyes, and as he received the man who had arrived from upon the throne, that man brazenly strode across the red carpet spread out before him, as if it was his own.

The man who appeared was beautiful, with black hair, and wore a mask that was modeled after an Oni. Ironically enough, the one he faced was Chisha, whose occupation was wearing “masks”, and this man was the leader of the rebels who drew near to the Imperial Capital―― no, he was the one and only true Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia.

Vincent: [――Did you realize your desires by joining forces with Berstetz and exiling me?]

While overcoming much and suffering numerous trials, Vincent had returned to his own castle.

He was by no means outstanding physically, he had no one to rely upon in his position of being ousted from the throne, and truly his only weapons should have been his own ingenuity and the power of his words; it was the triumphant return of such an Emperor.

The peak of the Empire, Chisha Gold’s lord, asked if his desires had been realized.

Chisha: [Unfortunately, I regrettably must say that they have not been realized yet. Therefore, I would like to ask for Your Excellency’s cooperation for just a little while longer.]

Vincent: [You have taken this much, yet you still desire something more from me? You have an even greedier side of you than I thought. ――However, ‘tis a deception.]

Chisha: [――――]

Vincent: [What you thought you would get from removing me from the throne was no more than insubstantial mist. The fires of war have spread pointlessly, and these needless flames continue to consume the Empire. ――There is a way to extinguish it all immediately.]

As he said this, Vincent brought his hands to his face, and removed the oni mask.

His true face laid bare in this way, which Chisha could no longer even meet in a mirror, having lost that “mask”, was undoubtedly that of his lord’s. It was probably due to the fair amount of hardship he had accumulated, but compared to when he was on the throne, his complexion was a little paler, his cheeks were thinner, and the bones more prominent.

Still, when comparing his fatigue between when he was working hard as the Emperor and his days of running around trying to reclaim his throne, it was apparent that Vincent had been neglecting himself too much.

――Yes, His Excellency, the Emperor had been neglecting himself too much.

Vincent: [I――]

Chisha: [――Your Excellency.]

He interrupted as Vincent tried to continue, and Chisha called out his lord’s title.

In that moment, despite not closing his eyes, the faces of a great many people flashed by in his mind’s eye. Everything he had erred in, the feelings of guilt in his heart for having deceived all of them; Chisha let out a breath, and,

Chisha: [――Taking too much of a grand view of the game board, that is your greatest weakness.]

In an instant, Chisha brought his hand from behind his back to cover his face, putting on a “mask”. With a creaking sound, Chisha’s body was transformed, his height shrunk, his sinewy physique deformed, and his chest swelled. And so, his trump card manifested before Vincent――,

Chisha: [――Mask of the Sun.]

Prisca Benedict.

In those days, she was called by that name, but the person who was now a candidate in the Royal Section of the neighboring country of Lugunica had another name; wearing the “mask” of Vincent Vollachia’s greatest weakness, Chisha laughed.

Kicking off the floor, Chisha leapt at Vincent, who was left speechless by this inconceivable reunion. As if he was dancing unburdened, Chisha reached out toward the frozen Vincent’s face, and――,

Chisha: [――Mask of the Wise Emperor]

Swiftly, he molded a new “mask” of Vincent with Noh, then casted off the “mask” of Prisca he had only just put on, donning the new mask.

As the sound of his substitution rang out once more, Chisha took further action against the frozen Vincent, while enduring his transforming body.

He snatched the oni mask Vincent had removed, and concealed the Emperor’s true face with it once again.

Vincent: [You――]

For what, for whom, why?

The voice of the Emperor who was too wise trembled as if seeking an answer to the events that had occurred. However, without Chisha’s words, the Emperor surely could not reach that answer.

It was just as he had informed Vincent a moment ago.

He looked at the board from a grand perspective, thought through things efficiently, and indiscriminately defined the value of every piece.

The true intentions behind Chisha’s actions would likely never be conveyed to Vincent, who lacked the awareness that he himself was also an actor upon the stage.

But that was fine. It did not matter whether his true intentions were conveyed.

What he desired, was the outcome.

Would that outcome be that Chesha Trim, a being that had an inconsequential minor role, put on the “mask” of Chisha Gold, and thus deceived even everything he had gained to get what he desired?

He could not confirm it himself, but he was sure.

If he could fool the Observers, ensnare the Great Disaster, and even deceive Vincent Vollachia to the very end, then what Chisha desired would surely shine through.

Therefore――,

Vincent: [――――]

As he was pushed away, Chisha could faintly make out through the oni mask that his cheeks stiffened.

It was a look that many would undoubtedly mistake the true meaning of. The Emperor, who was too wise, and thus often omitted words that should not be omitted, was laconic even with that expression.

He suspected that he was probably the only one who could correctly interpret the meaning of that expression, given his many years alongside the Emperor.

Chisha: [Ahh, and yet――]

By some chance, maybe, perhaps, he had held some expectation.

That maybe there was someone who could look head-on at this Vincent Vollachia, a magnificently wise Emperor, and an all too foolish and self-deprecating man.

He could not help but think so.

Chisha: [――――]

When light broke through the castle wall, missed the form of Vincent as he was pushed away, and pierced Chisha’s chest as he wore the “mask” of the Emperor, he saw it outside the window.

――An accomplice who should have been far away, was riding a flying dragon and flew toward this place.

None may live, having had their hearts pierced.

Consequently, that was an event inevitable, the terminus of fate as was bound to arrive.

Chisha: [――――]

The man had died.

He was Chesha Trim, became Chisha Gold, and finally as Vincent Vollachia, the man had died.

Before the lord he had devoted his loyalty to, and the accomplice who had assisted him in deceiving that lord, he had died.

――And that was the entirety of what had transpired, in that moment.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And so, the story has converged to the form it should have originally taken, and the time of the Great Disaster has come.

The hordes of the resurrected dead, commanded by the Witch desiring the destruction of the Empire, shall set the world ablaze.

Despite the gathered Nine Divine Generals joining different camps than they should have, or even having the conclusion of their whole lives changed, to exhibit their greatest valor, they shall set their lives ablaze.

The girls crossing into a neighboring country to search for the cherished boy they were separated from shall witness a heroic turning point that will arrive in the Empire, and without losing hope in the midst of it all, shall set their bonds ablaze.

And the woman like the sun, possessing one half of the two Yang Swords which should have never existed, in order to respond to the horde of the dead whose existence has been twisted and the Witch baring her rage toward her, she shall shine with her unchanging arrogant beauty and set her soul ablaze.

At the core of this story painted with flames and flames and flames, those who witnessed the death of the man who deceived all until the end, with their voices hoarse, tears of blood shed, and souls cracked, they shall set fate ablaze.

???: [――Stand! Don’t give up! Giving up is the one thing I will never allow! You should have known a long time ago why that guy lied to you!!]

???: [Silence, foolish commoner. What in the world can you say about me? I am――]

???: [You are!!]

Both: [The 77th Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia.]

With trembling knees about to buckle, the man rose.

Desperately keeping his sobbing heart in check, the boy clenched his fists.

A young girl, blaming herself for her lack of power, told herself there is still more she can do and raised her head, while a child grabbing onto her pointed toward the Great Disaster shaking the Empire and howled.

There was a large hole in the castle walls, and looking down from there, two men lined up.

Side by side, their gazes met, Natsuki Subaru and Vincent Vollachia, two people who joined together with the karma that they should have met far sooner, two people entrusted with this by the man who deceived fate until the end, they shall destroy the advancing Great Disaster, and to seize the future that man desired, they shall face forward.

Vincent: [I am your Emperor, Vincent Vollachia. ――One of the Sword Wolves of the Empire.]

Subaru: [My name is Natsuki Subaru, just a passerby shaking the realm like roaring thunder, but I am the accomplice of the great liar, Chisha Gold!]

The two of them declared their positions, the air of the Imperial Capital resounded with loud and strong voices.

Natsuki Subaru grimaced as he relayed how they had assembled the game board so that the greatest amount of military power would be concentrated in the Imperial Capital when the coming Great Disaster and terrifying hordes of enemies descended upon them.

And then――,

Subaru: [I took the baton you passed me against my will. ――Bring it on, O inevitable fate!!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――It was probably an instance where a single misstep sent the entire journey astray.

With but a single misalignment of gears, the tale twisted askew, and the rails of fate changed course with ease.

When the expected flow of events shifted, the torrent of destiny tossed people around like leaves from a tree.

And yet.

And yet, what if they still finally found their way unto that changeless shore on the other side, unyielding?

Surely, it was only when a strong, unwavering desire utterly deceived that Commandment.

It was precisely within that once-in-a-lifetime lie that the meaning of that man’s life dwelled――,

Chisha: [――If this is my one and only chance for a starring performance, then I shall close the curtains like so.]

Fin.

With that, that was our annual April Fool’s Day project!

He was a man who had little time on stage in the main story, and only revealed his true intentions at the very end.

He was a character who had nothing revealed except the important parts since he had almost no contact with Subaru. However, if they were to encounter each other in an alternate timeline ――This became the seventh chapter of IF.

In this timeline, the characters involved here and there are different, the development of events Subaru follows changes, and there are individuals he can be deeply involved with and those he can’t, overall it is quite interesting. And yet, in either route, Subaru cross-dresses. It is his fate.

Anyways, thank you for joining me again this year!

I’m glad, since I only wanted to do this on April Fool’s Day, after the Empire arc was done.

How much do the positions of the characters or who survives change between the main story and Azamuku? I think I will bring up these matters again at another time, perhaps in an activity report!

Well, thanks! Have good dreams!

Translation Notes:

[1] – A gag from a classic manga by Osamu Tezuka called Black Jack. A character called Pinoko would make a face where both hands were squishing her cheeks while saying “Acchonburike!” when surprised.

[2] – Chisha’s power, Noh (『能』), literally means talent or ability, but is a reference to Noh theater, written with the same kanji. See here for more information on it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noh

[3] – Subaru does not seem to recognize the word 大災 (Great Disaster) at first, since it is a rare term. He repeats the word in katakana (タイサイ), which indicates he is likely sounding it out before then realizing what it means. One potentially funny interpretation is that he may have initially thought Chisha said bok choy, since one term for bok choy in Japanese is a homophone.

[4] – A zori is a traditional Japanese sandal.

If you would like to know more about this route, we have translated Tappei’s supplementary notes on it, which you can read here .

A message from one of the contributors to this translation:

Not a day goes by where I don’t miss Erifuru. He was one of the closest friends I’ve ever had. He showed me an abundance of warmth and kindness, and stuck by me and supported me during turbulent times. He etched a large mark in my life and having the privilege to know him changed me for the better. This translation is dedicated to his memory.

--- Log in ---

[ERROR extracting content: No recognizable content container found. Source: https://witchculttranslation.com/wp-login.php]

--- Entries feed ---

[ERROR extracting content: No recognizable content container found. Source: https://witchculttranslation.com/feed/]

--- Comments feed ---

[ERROR extracting content: No recognizable content container found. Source: https://witchculttranslation.com/comments/feed/]

--- WordPress.org ---

[ERROR extracting content: No recognizable content container found. Source: https://wordpress.org/]
