Arc 9 - Arc 9 – Light of a Nameless Star
============================================================


--- Chapter 1: O Prayers, Be As Clouds ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The final hours were calm, and had passed surprisingly quietly.

???: [――O Star of Mine.]

Indeed, the tone of that voice was flat, yet the degree of love contained within its call overflowed, so as Yorna, as Iris, looked up at the man beside her, her long eyelashes trembled.

Nothing about that voice was out of the ordinary, it was something that felt as though it had called out to her hundreds, nay, thousands of times during this miraculous tryst―― and yet, in this moment, it felt special.

――No, to be precise, if just this moment were to be excluded, then any other of those calls would also be special. However, the specialness of this moment differed from that of all those that had come before.

After all, it was a call that signified the terminus of this miraculous period.

Yorna: [Yes, Your Excellency.]

Gazing back into the eyes looking into hers, she returned from her own lips a calling filled with love.

Her voice trembled not, and she praised herself for not letting her feminine feelings make her collapse. In the moment of their previous parting, Iris/Yorna had been unable to leave him with any words. But, whenever she reincarnated and looked back at that time, she had thought countless times about what she would do if given another chance.

If given another chance, she would absolutely not leave behind the wailings of a weak woman.

Eugard: [‘Tis the inverse of that time. Mineself shall be passing on before thee.]

Yorna: [That is so… To call it a revenge of sorts, well, I’m sure Your Excellency has come to know of the malice present in this world of men.]

Eugard: [Verily. Much I have learned… Nay, it was taught to me. By the many who walked alongside mineself, of whom thou wert the first.]

Yorna: [――――]

As those almond-shaped eyes narrowed, he―― Eugard Vollachia, reminisced on those olden days, on the people who were present therein, and the gentle wavering of his eyes’ splendor caused Yorna to feel a piercing sensation through her chest.

Always, he had been the type of person to wear a stern expression except for when he was in front of Iris.

Because he was such a person, Iris had wondered if he had been able to even once relax his cheeks or eyebrows after she had passed away.

And now after this, after he went towards that place between the skies and the lands, would he――.

Eugard: [Be not afraid, O Star of Mine. Mine life hath been an unexpectedly blessed one.]

Yorna: [――Ah.]

Eugard: [I met thee, and received life. I walked with thee, and received blessings. I parted from thee, and in doing so committed a grave error, but now that fate hath brought us together once more, I received the opportunity to rectify it.]

Eugard’s words, the lovely voice of a person counting their blessings one-by-one, gently dissolved the anxiety and fears within Iris/Yorna’s heart, lovingly unraveling them.

Ever since antiquity, ever since he had lost his dearest Iris, Eugard burned with rage, and in his hatred left behind a mistaken law that became the trigger for countless tragedies―― Eugard’s descendent, the current Vollachian Emperor who was extolled as the Wise Emperor, had promised to abolish that law.

To lift the curse which bound the wolfpeople and molepeople, such was the dearest wish of Iris/Yorna, and Eugard’s final regret when he had been alive―― finally, he would be able to return this world to those who had the right to live in this era.

To that end――,

Eugard: [O Star of Mine, thou art included amongst those.]

Suddenly, as he took her into his arms, Eugard’s words caused Iris/Yorna’s breath to stop. It felt as if the emotions inside of her had been properly dissected, more precisely than ever before.

Yorna: [Your Excellency… I … I…] [1]

Eugard: [Even were it bestowed upon thee in a form undesired, I imagine that no matter the epoch thou hadst found thyself in, thou wouldst have spent thy days forming bonds in earnest. Of course, even in thy present form, the same doth apply. ――That, is something thou ought to fulfill to the utmost.]

Towards Iris/Yorna, she who was lost as to what to do with the unnatural existence known as herself, those words gently addressed a choice to move towards a way of being that was easy to understand.

No matter the time, Eugard was always correct.

That was neither because Eugard was wise, nor because he was strong. It was because he thought sincerely about those that he faced, with reverence, because he was a compassionate Emperor who wished for the happiness of others.

Known as the King of Thorns, and feared more than any other, Iris’s beloved Emperor earnestly thought about, honored, and wished for Yorna with unbearably deep love.

And so, as far as Iris and Yorna were concerned, Eugard’s words would always be correct.

Thus, the fact that the truth in his words would also hold true for people other than Iris/Yorna meant that――,

Yorna: [――I, have no choice but to spend the remainder of my life proving that.]

Eugard: [‘Tis a great service.]

Hearing Iris/Yorna’s determined answer, Eugard responded with a smile.

At Eugard’s taciturn way of being, Iris/Yorna narrowed her eyes slightly, and extended her arm so that she could touch his cheek, as she brought her lips close to his.

Yorna: [――――]

Lips met each other and overlapped, as those who had both died in that era, a man and a woman who by all rights should never have been able to reunite, separated by entire worlds, were now the closest they had ever been.

Eugard: [――――]

Like that, the closest contact that they had ever made in this world persisted for a bit, and then a bit more, and a little while longer, before the distance between them slowly grew―― The eyes of Iris/Yorna, locked with Eugard’s.

And then――,

Eugard: [――O Star of Mine, I love thee so.]

Yorna: [As do I, Your Excellency. Evermore, without fading for all perpetuity, my heart shall long for you.]

Having exchanged a kiss, having delivered each other words brimming with love, his final moments were of his lips curling into the shape of a smile.

For the olden tale known as “Iris and the King of Thorns”, a story that began in the age of antiquity, a story that had kept postponing its own conclusion until the present day, this was the true curtain’s close.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Dawn broke upon the first night since the Great Disaster that had shaken the entity of the Vollachian Empire had come to a conclusion.

The threat of undead wreaking havoc across the Empire had been averted by means of the unity of imperial subjects, devoting themselves to the law of iron and blood; at the forefront of those Sword Wolves of Vollachia, was the majestic figure of their apex, Vincent Vollachia, who had exchanged blows directly against the enemy ringleader with Yang Sword raised aloft.

Centered around the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, damage had reached every major city of Vollachia, such as the Fortified City of Garkla, Glarasia, the City of Iron and Blood, the Demon City of Chaosflame, and the Cloud Sea City of Mezoreia; yet, each and every city had been able to avoid falling into a catastrophic state.

Therefore, whilst left with major scars, a triumphant momentum was what ultimately enveloped the Vollachian Empire.

Of course, thinking in the long term, the top brass could not bask in the victory forever. Those leading figures would have to deal with the damage reports flooding in from various locations one after another, as well as the numerous circumstances of their subjects that they would need to sanction, and thus they would not have any time to sleep.

Amidst those reports, there was a piece of information that had been silently snuck in.

The obituary of a lone woman who had contributed greatly to the victory of the Vollachian Empire in the battle against the Great Disaster, who had lived like a flame and captivated many――.

Within a room of the Fortified City of Garkla, which was serving as temporary headquarters in place of the ravaged Imperial Capital, Emperor Vincent Vollachia happened to catch wind of that obituary, creating a silence so very unlike himself, who would respond to all matters within an instant of deliberation, and after spending some time with his head down――,

Vincent: [――I see.]

Those brief words, were all that he spoke.

△▼△▼△▼△

The fight against the Great Disaster had ended, and people began to move on to reclaim their lives.

Vollachia suffered terrible devastation from the undead army during the unprecedented Great Disaster, but the inhabitants of the realm resolutely held their heads high, standing back up one-by-one as they set out to rebuild the land.

The sight of the people of the Empire simply overwhelmed Petra Leyte.

???: [Although, I don’t really like the Empire much…]

Having said that, with mixed feelings, Petra stood in the streets of the Fortified City.

A significant part of Petra’s reason for not liking the Empire was anger that this was the place where her precious friend and Petra’s love interest, Natsuki Subaru, had been forcibly taken away to.

But even disregarding those factors, Petra’s feeling for Vollachia still leaned toward dislike, but regardless, they had cooperated and made an immense effort to prevent the country’s destruction.

Petra was also relieved that the Great Disaster had been overcome and the Empire was spared from destruction.

However, even so――,

Petra: [――Subaru.]

Petra, who in public addressed him with the honorific “Sama”, was concerned for the man who had doubtlessly done more for the Empire than anyone else, more than even the Emperor.

Because Subaru was such a kind and compassionate person, Petra was extremely worried about how much his heart had likely been worn down in this Empire full of terrible things.

Even so, the final nail in the coffin had been too much for Subaru, who had so many things to worry about.

Petra: [Priscilla Barielle-sama…]

That was the name of the woman who had caused a tremendous, deep, and painful wound in Subaru’s heart.

Due to Petra’s position, she had never exchanged a single word with her. However, there had been opportunities. Before the Great Disaster, she was on the same side of the battle for the Imperial Capital and had had ample opportunity to talk with her.

However, Petra had dared not approach Priscilla.

This was because she, like Emilia, was a candidate for the Royal Selection in the Kingdom of Lugunica, and she felt that she should not get more comfortable than necessary with their opponents.

And Petra regretted that.

By not having interacted with Priscilla, Petra had no right to mourn her―― to mourn Priscilla Barielle’s death, and, therefore, found it difficult to sympathize with Subaru and Emilia.

It would be hard to tell two very heartbroken people that she understood what they were going through.

This was something tremendously frustrating for Petra right now――.

???: [――Hello, hello, Miss Petra, are you alone?]

Petra: [Oh, Zikr-san.]

Petra, who had been pursing her lips and tensing her cheeks, looked up at the call, and present there was Zikr Osman with a round, voluptuous hairdo.

As a General of the Empire, Zikr played an important role in the battle against the Great Disaster, and he was a very likable person who treated Petra as just another person without being arrogant about his position.

Because of his diligence, Zikr would likely be heavily relied upon after the war, but it was unusual for him to be alone in a place like this. At this, as Petra’s eyes widened,

Zikr: [I have finished reorganizing all the troops, so I have finally come down to check the damage myself. I had heard the reports, but I had to see it firsthand.]

Petra: [I see, that was it. I do not know the details of the reorganization… but well done.]

Zikr: [Thank you for your thoughtfulness. However, the role I was able to play is insignificant compared to those who are working so energetically, such as General First-Class Goz and General First-Class Kafma.]

Petra: [I do not think that you can say that your hard work is not important because one of you worked harder than the other.]

Zikr, looking embarrassed, became even more so from Petra’s statement.

On the other hand, Petra reflected on her own remarks, remembering that when she had worried about Subaru earlier, she had compared his efforts to those of another―― a stern-eyed Emperor.

She wanted to see things the same way as the people she liked, but she was frustrated with herself for not being able to.

Petra: [But it is difficult for those of the General First-Class, is it not? Not even a few days have passed since then, and you have to fly around to other cities.]

Zikr: [Yes. The Generals of the various regions are responding, but the influence of a General First-Class directly in front of them cannot be ignored. Both in terms of the morale of the troops and the control over them.]

Petra: [I understand that the soldiers will be happy to see the people they admire, but control means…]

Zikr: [Sadly, even in these situations… no, precisely because of this poor situation, many are willing to take advantage of it to achieve immediate gain or to fulfill their ambitions.]

Petra: [――――]

Zikr lowered his eyebrows, and Petra’s round eyes went downcast in response.

Petra was actually convinced by Zikr’s reply, thinking to herself, “I knew as much”.

The Vollachian Empire had chosen to stand together against a great enemy. Still, once the Great Disaster had been eliminated, the problem reverted from the perspective of the nation to the perspective of the individual. They would take what they lacked, would steal it, and, in some cases, would try to force their way through it all.

Those Generals of the First-Class whom Zikr mentioned intended to serve as a deterrent to such problems.

Zikr: [General First-Class Goz left as soon as his wife at the Imperial Capital was confirmed to be safe, and General First-Class Kafma also left as soon as he received his promotion.]

Petra: [That was great, right? Everyone was so surprised.]

Zikr: [There are only nine slots for General First-Class in the Empire, and the recent war has left several of those slots vacant… The creation of a new General First-Class is one of the few good things to come out of all this. Kafma understood that and accepted the position of General First-Class, even though he had previously turned it down.]

Petra: [Zikr-san, you’ve never had that sort of talk raised to you, right?]

Zikr: [To me?]

Petra tilted her head and asked Zikr, who praised the names of the Generals of the First-Class and their way of doing things.

Petra did not observe the battle up close, so she did not know how those of the General First-Class performed. However, Zikr’s fighting spirit was also quite impressive in the sense that Petra had been able to witness it up close and personal.

During the battle for the Fortified City, there were those who were in the command post, observing the broad scope of the battle and directing it, and there were those who continued to clash with the undead with swords in their hands. Zikr’s role was to bridge the gap between the two, and to ensure that they worked together seamlessly.

Although unassuming, without his work, the cohesiveness would have frayed and possibly even crumbled.

Petra: [I think even more so since my Nee-samas and I were behind the scenes as part of the group of healers.]

Zikr: […That is much appreciated recognition, Miss Petra. Just receiving those words from a woman, I, Zikr Osman, feel deeply rewarded.]

Petra: [I am not saying that lightly…]

Zikr: [Of course, understood. But I do mean it, too.]

As Petra tried to push back, feeling that she had been ignored, Zikr nodded his head. Then he turned his round eyes to the view of the city and relaxed his cheeks.

Zikr: [If there is any reward to be had, this sight, this result, is it. His Excellency the Emperor fled to the East, and I happened to be in the Fortress City on a mission. Thanks to this coincidence, I had the honor of accompanying His Excellency and being present at this moment. I am undeniably blessed.]

Petra: […I am not sure. Zikr-san, don’t you deserve more praise?]

Zikr: [Do you not get it? In that case, Miss Petra, can’t you think of someone likeable in that brilliant mind of yours?]

Petra gave a “huh” at the abrupt suggestion. In her mind, all she could vaguely recall was Natsuki Subaru, who had occupied a large part of her mind until a few minutes ago.

Zikr nodded deeply in response to Petra, who had unintentionally done exactly as he had stated..

Zikr: [That likeable someone will smile at you as a result of your deeds. Is that not enough to make you feel rewarded?]

Petra: [That is… well, yes.]

Zikr: [It is identical. I am a General of the Vollachian Empire, but the person Miss Petra has in mind is probably far greater than I, at least in my opinion. So, this is fine.]

So spoke Zikr, with one eye closed and his hand clutched to his chest as he smiled at Petra. He was neither being unreasonable nor trying to deceive Petra when he said that.

That was why Petra also quietly lowered her head and could not say anything――,

???: [――However, His Excellency Vincent is all for reward and punishment according to merit. I disapprove of a person who has done such meritorious service saying such selfless things, as it makes it difficult for the soldiers to express their opinions.]

Then, instead of Petra, who had closed her mouth, a voice interrupted from a different direction. Petra and Zikr turned their heads to see Serena walking slowly toward them.

Serena Dracroy, with a distinctive white scar on her cheek that nevertheless did not detract from her dignified beauty, was accompanied by her acquaintance Roswaal beside her, who made Petra’s lips curl.

Serena did not miss that flagrant response from Petra, nor did anyone else.

Serena: [As usual, how can you be so disliked by someone who seems old enough to be your daughter? You cannot complain about being stabbed in the back by someone who so openly shows rebellious intent.]

Roswaal: [I would never hire a child who can’t think about the consequences of their aaactions~. Regardless of your perception of me, I only employ competent people like Petra-kun, Otto-kun, and the like.]

Serena: [That’s a bad habit you have. Eventually, it’s going to be the reason you get your feet swept out from under you.]

Serena shrugged her shoulders, having a casual exchange with Roswaal, her caustic words mercilessly critical of him, which Petra found somewhat enjoyable to listen to.

But the truth was that she did not really feel that small pleasantness at the moment.

Zikr: [High Countess Dracroy, I believed you busy…]

Serena: [The same could be said of you, General. Don’t worry. Though it’s true that I haven’t slept for the past three days, my eyes are still clear. I can’t sleep.]

Zikr: [That does not sound very reassuring…]

Serena smiled fearlessly at Zikr, and Zikr’s shoulders contracted as if he were afraid of her. Roswaal’s gaze turned to Petra as those two exchanged a few words.

Petra, who had consciously avoided contact with him, stiffened slightly at his gaze,

Petra: [W-what is it, Master?]

Roswaal: [Don’t be so wary. I’m simply concerned that you’re alone and that you’re working too much. Where is Frederica?]

Petra: […Frederica-neesama has been keeping herself very busy for a long time and is now taking a break. After many requests, she finally took a rest.]

It reminded her that Frederica was barely breathing and sleeping as if in a coma.

Frederica, like Petra, worked as one of the healers, but also went around the fortress as a messenger, transforming herself into a beast when necessary. Her tireless work ethic was something to be respected, but as her protegee, she could not help but feel worried.

The fact that she was resting now was not because she had listened to Petra’s appeal, but because Ram and Garfiel had pushed her to do so.

Petra: [I couldn’t even convince Frederica-neesama to rest.]

Roswaal: [Frederica has a strong sense of responsibiiility~. By no means did she mean any disrespect to you, Petra-kun.]

Petra: [――Hk, I know that already, you don’t have to tell me that.]

Roswaal: [I see. You’re right. I’m sorry I said something I shouldn’t have. ――Are you okay?]

Petra: […Yang Magic is doing its work properly.]

Furrowing her eyebrows, Petra answered Roswaal’s subtly dodging response.

Petra’s magical techniques, which she had learned from Roswaal and was now developing day-by-day, were suited to the Yang attribute, which had many effects that increased the power and vitality of the target.

In Petra’s case, she was still uneasy about using it on others, but she could use her Yang Magic on herself and be adequate enough to compensate for her lack of strength or lack of sleep. Of course, stamina was not an endless source of energy, so eventually, one’s limits would emerge.

Petra: [Right now, I would like to work a little bit more. Do you wish to stop me?]

Roswaal: [――. No, I won’t stop you. We all have opportunities in life when we have to overcome reason and common sense with passion and force, and if this is the time for you, Petra-kun, I’m not going to take that away from you.]

Petra: […I still don’t like you, Master.]

Petra turned her face away from Roswaal, who closed one eye and looked at her with his blue one.

Despite being such an unforgivable person, Roswaal often affirmed Petra’s ideas in this way. While he did not say these words to curry favor with Petra, it also did not help that these were his honest opinions.

For that being so, it would be as if Petra could understand Roswaal’s true nature.

Serena: [What a troublesome master-servant relationship. The way such things are, the Empire and the Kingdom aren’t so different. Don’t you think so, General Second-Class Zikr?]

Zikr: [With Miss Petra being so intelligent at her age, it is not surprising that she is so enthusiastic about Margrave Mathers’s education. When sincerity meets sincerity, I think a clash is inevitable. Of course, I think such a harsh way of life has also honed the beauty of High Countess Dracroy.]

Serena: [Good grief, you’re an Imperial General through and through. I thought you a decent man, but instead, you’re like this. You’re pleasing me by showing me a face to my liking.]

While Petra and Roswaal talked, Zikr reverently bowed to Serena’s comments.

Petra sighed as she watched the conversation between two of the Empire’s most unique temperaments. ――Roswaal’s nature, whatever it might have been, was unimportant. Now that she was face-to-face with Roswaal, whom she had been avoiding, there was no stopping now.

To which, Petra tightened her cheeks, and looked up at Roswaal,

Petra: [What are you planning to do with Subaru, Master?]

Roswaal: [Hmm.]

Petra: [Please answer.]

Petra’s question was straightforward, but lacking in specificity.

Roswaal let out a small sigh as it was directed at him. He closed one eye again, and, this time, looked at Petra with the yellow one―― this time, with an inhuman look that Petra disliked.

――The unnaturalness of Subaru and Roswaal’s relationship gave Petra a strong impression.

Petra suspected that this was something different from the indiscretions of Roswaal in Arlam village, Petra’s hometown, or the Sanctuary where Frederica and Garfiel hailed from―― something that Subaru and the others had almost entirely tolerated.

If one were to look at Roswaal’s misdeeds and who pardoned him, the conditions were the same for Subaru, Emilia, and Frederica, who were too forgiving. Then there was Beatrice and Garfiel, who said they were angry, followed by Ram, who was in a unique position, and Petra and Otto, who clearly did not forgive Roswaal.

Naturally, Petra and Otto always felt tension when dealing with Roswaal. Of course, they did not want to make waves, so the tension was akin to a quiet roast over a flame. What she disliked about Roswaal was that he never changed his expression while being roasted in such a way.

However, the blue flames that Petra and Otto directed toward Roswaal and the heat in the air between Subaru and Roswaal seemed fundamentally different.

It was a terrible way of putting it, Petra did not want to admit it. But she was convinced.

Between Subaru and Roswaal, there was a secret that neither Petra nor anyone else was included in. That shared secret was the source that gave rise to a different kind of tension.

Furthermore, the consequences of that secret would surely, probably, cause Subaru misfortune.

Roswaal: [What I’m planning to do with Subaru, was iiit~?]

At Petra’s hostile look, Roswaal muttered in a slightly gravelly voice.

She felt that there was not the usual atmosphere of deception and mockery housed within that. However, even without such a clownish atmosphere, she could not heedlessly trust Roswaal.

As if to confirm Petra’s sentiment, Roswaal, with one eye still closed,

Roswaal: [Petra-kun, what do you think would be the correct thing for me to dooo~?]

Petra: […Are you making fun of me?]

Roswaal: [No, no, I didn’t mean it that way. Genuinely, I’m at a bit of a loooss~… What kind of stance should I take, in regards to Subaru-kun?]

Petra: [――――]

As he said this, Roswaal lightly lifted both hands and lit his fingertips with lights of different color. Floating red on his right hand and blue on his left, he was earnestly considering his next move.

Red and blue, whichever direction each led, Petra was unsure which would be the better path for her―― nay, for the people that were important to her.

As much as she was unsure, if there was anything Petra could do, it was just one thing.

Petra: [If…]

Roswaal: [Hmm?]

Petra: [If you cause Subaru any further pain, if you cause him any further grief, I will never forgive you, Master… No, I will absolutely make you regret it.]

Not forgiving him would not hurt Roswaal in any way. After serving him for a year and a half already, she understood that.

This was why, thinking back to the past year and a half as hard as she could, Petra said the one thing that Roswaal would hate the most.

Yes, she would make him regret it no matter what. For that reason――,

Petra: [Whatever it is you are wanting to do, whatever it is you are planning to do, Master, I am going to get in the way of it by any means necessary.]

Roswaal: [――――]

For a moment, a silence was born between Petra and Roswaal.

Petra focused all her strength into tensing her cheeks, intending to make the sternest face she had ever made in the history of her adorable self. In response to Petra’s direct approach, Roswaal fell silent.

It was unclear to what extent Petra’s stern face contributed to his contemplation in that moment of silence.

Roswaal: […That would certainly be troooubling~. You seem to be much more loved than I am.]

Petra: […When you say that I am loved, by what exactly?]

Roswaal: [Something that I’ve resolved myself to resist, yet have never been able to prevail against, a peculiar power of that sort.]

With a shrug of his shoulders Roswaal once again stated something beyond Petra’s comprehension. But, what clouded his face as he muttered this made Petra think it was not mere nonsense.

Indeed, Roswaal was dealing with a sense of powerlessness, something that he was fully aware that he could not win against. Even though she was being told that she was loved as such, it did not make much sense to Petra.

Petra merely wanted to be loved by the people she loved.

In addition, she would like for her loved ones to be as happy as possible with smiles on their faces.

That was why――,

Petra: [I want Emilia-neesama and Subaru to smile.]

Petra firmly clapped her hand on her chest and muttered those words as if in prayer.

She sincerely hoped that all of these prayers would hang like clouds over those whom she loved, protecting them from the hardships that would otherwise come down on them like the rays of the sun.

――Beside Petra’s and Roswaal’s exchange, watching the master and servant swelling with a burning tension, Serena cast a smile at Zikr.

Serena: [What do you think? Even the people of the Kingdom show quite a bit of promise, now don’t they? Quite complex and mysterious, just the way I like it.]

Zikr: […It is beautiful when you smile like that, High Countess, but I cannot say it is in good taste.]

Translation Notes:

[1] – Here, Yorna/Iris switches from the pronoun 私 (which is associated with her identity as Iris) to わっち (which is associated with her identity as Yorna).

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 2: Will Not Play the Villain ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [Kakakakka! Never would’ve thought a fella like me’d die not on the battlefield but in a safe zone. Never in all my life have I heard of a shinobi dyin’ like this, but ain’t it just way too ironic.]

So spoke the monstrous old man, waving around both of his empty sleeves as he laughed uproariously.

Hearing that hearty laughter, yet being powerless to help with his healing magic, Garfiel was of mixed feelings.

――After the battle against the Great Disaster, Garfiel had joined the healers, and was now treating the injured.

Ever since coming to the Empire, Garfiel had continued to stake his life on fierce battles without much respite. Of course, his allies all told him that resting was a high priority, but he had not been able to listen to them.

Fortunately, Garfiel’s body was sturdy, and because of the Divine Protection of Earth Spirits, standing on the ground was the best form of relaxation for him. Of everyone within the Emilia Camp, Garfiel was the furthest from working himself to death. And although it went without saying, the one closest to working themselves to death was Otto.

Anyway――,

???: [Once you have decided to do something, any attempt to talk you out of it would be pointless. In that case, then go create as much of a debt of gratitude from the Empire as you can. There is a strong market for gratitude right now.]

Indeed, amidst everyone who was against Garfiel’s ideas, he was glad for the presence of the person he had feelings for, who had made it clear she was on his side. The way that her phrasing pointed out his faults was very much characteristic of her, something he liked about her.

For that reason, albeit a shock to his comrades, Garfiel had volunteered to take up this role. Ultimately, the reason no one had tried to stop him, was because they all understood.

Garfiel: [When Captain’s havin’ it the toughest of us all, how can our amazin’ selves remain flustered?]

Grumbling that, Garfiel gnashed his sharp canines.

They had lost a strong, truly strong woman. Although he could not say they had fought the same enemy side-by-side, the sight of many dazzling flames rising up within the Imperial Capital had been seared into Garfiel’s eyelids.

That sense of loss could not simply be described as the loss of Emilia’s rival.

That was why Garfiel was here.

Even if just a single person more, he would prevent them from being lost. With these hands that had relentlessly smashed through the undead, that sometimes had no choice but to eliminate the enemies standing in his allies’ way through brute force, he would save lives.

It was contradicting. But, contradicting was fine. He would not think about difficult things. He would follow his heart, and that was that.

Following his heart, he would fell his enemies, heal his allies, and save them through his own power.

If Garfiel could save even just one more person by forgoing sleep, then he ought to continue doing that.

???: […Good grief, the nerve of young’uns ta immediately leave the elderly behind. Ain’t no helpin’ how revoltin’ that aspect of ‘em is.]

Garfiel: [Huh, is that sarcasm, gramps? Just ’cause my amazin’ self can’t heal yer arms…]

???: [Kakakakka! I wouldn’t say it’s sarcasm. Lemme tell ya, the source of my strength over all these decades’s been constantly goin’ on and on about my envy and jealousy, y’know? Sayin’ that I’m envious ain’t a lie or anythin’ like that. Ahh, I’m filled with jealousy.]

Wagging his white eyebrows up and down, Olbart skillfully used his foot to scratch his neck.

He did not seem particularly inconvenienced by the loss of both arms, and nobody could tell whether that attitude was out of concern for Garfiel, whose healing magic was unable to ameliorate, or if it was the opposite and he was just teasing.

At any rate, regardless of what had happened to his arms, the old man was also a monster, since he could still move so much despite being all but dead.

But then again, when it came to the topic of surviving a near-death experience――,

???: [――Shut the fuck up, old ass fuckhead! Stop fucking with the guy who’s doing a fuck-ton of work even though he’s fucking tired!]

Olbart: [Oh, scary scary. That ain’t the vigor of someone half-dead.]

A figure lying on a bed further back in the room shouted angrily, and Olbart laughed at that in a low, throaty sound. To that fierce vigor, Garfiel scratched with a “Oi”,

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self’s grateful for the backup , but worry ’bout yer own body first. You’re seriously just one step away from death… you’re in a similar state to “Vivirolo’s Offering”.]

???: [Ahh? I’m saying it was thanks to you that I was fucking saved! Bastard, don’t fucking say shit like you won’t accept my gratitude… Ghgyaoh !]

Garfiel: [Shut the hell up, and sleep!]

He used his hand to push down the head of a short figure, whose entire body screamed as he fell back down. Such a thing was a matter of course due to the severity of his wounds; even if healing magic was continuously applied with full strength, it would not be able to keep up with the damage.

In fact, even now there was a perpetual, intense pain that rippled through his body.

Garfiel: [It ain’t my amazin’ self’s place to say this, but I’m surprised you’re able to get up ‘n speak.]

???: [It fucking hurts like shit and it’s fucking tough, but that bullshit won’t fucking stop the Great Groovy Gumlet. That’s just how it is, so use some poison or medicine or some shit to fucking quell… GUHHOHHHH…!!]

Olbart: [Give it up now, give it up. This is the result of ya ignorin’ all the signals in yer body. I lost both of my hands ‘n you’re basically as close ta death as me. Why don’t’cha just retire?]

Groovy: [Like I’d do that, fucking duuumbass!]

In response to Olbart’s mockery, baring his fangs and shouting in anger, was Groovy Gumlet―― one of the Nine Divine Generals, and probably the one who had come the closest to death in the Empire whilst still surviving.

In the life-or-death bout against the Great Disaster, he had performed an absurdly important role. After all, it was he who had crossed blades with the lead actor of “Iris and the King of Thorns”, the Emperor of the Briar, Eugard Vollachia, it was he who had cooperated with Halibel to eliminate the curse. He had been a key figure in securing victory.

Garfiel: [Heard that if ya hadn’t done that, everyone would’ve ended up gettin’ immobilized by those thorns.]

Groovy: [I just pulled out whatever the fuck I could. After I saw off the Emperor of the Briar and the Admirer, I was just fucking lying down until I could give the fucking Fiend Sword to that fuckwad Cecilus.]

Groovy muttered as if he were sulking, but before he had fallen, he had put in a great deal of work.

He had taken Eugard’s curse into his own body, and then had allowed the Fiend Sword to cut it away along with himself; no matter how many times Garfiel heard the story, he still could not understand it. However, as far as Groovy and Olbart went, they could not understand Garfiel when he explained his fight against the Cloud Dragon, so they were the same in that regard.

The accumulation of miracles and individuals performing to the utmost, that was the reality of what had occurred back then in the Imperial Capital―― nay, across the entirety of the Empire. Whether it was Garfiel, who had fought against the Cloud Dragon; Groovy, who had saved the Emperor of the Briar from his own thorns; or Olbart, who had sacrificed one of his arms to avert the Witch’s schemes, all of them had exerted their utmost.

There was no need to exaggerate their achievements, and there was no need to go against the facts.

Olbart: [Well, as a geezer who’s got hardly any time left, it’s always hard ta see young’uns dyin’ one after the other, so it’s been a pleasure ta see ya fellas survive.]

Groovy: […My case aside, it’s pretty fucking dubious to say that guy survived, though.]

Garfiel: [By that guy, you mean…]

Thinking about the person he had mentioned, Garfiel’s gaze moved towards the end of the healing room. And, sticking out in a strange and conspicuous way, he noticed the distinctive figure of something standing upright.

Even now, the healing room was still frenetic, with people running back and forth to tend to the injured. And in a corner of the room, standing in such a way that it assimilated itself into the wall to not be an obstacle, was a being whose body was composed of steel―― upon noticing Garfiel’s gaze, a green jewel that was set into what appeared to be its head glowed,

???: [I, detect line of sight. Task, directive, or instruction, it is predicted to be one of these.]

While speaking so, lumbering over towards Garfiel and the others, was yet another one of the Nine Divine Generals, the one known as the Steelman, Moguro Hagane.

However, to be more precise, their race was distinct from the Steelfolk, and their true identity was that of the Meteor that served as the core of the Crystal Palace. This title, after the collapse of the crucial Crystal Palace and Magic Crystal Cannon, no longer held any meaning, but――,

Garfiel: [Ah, sorry ‘bout that. My eyes just happened to wander there, I ain’t got any tasks for ya.]

Moguro: [Acknowledged. And, the other two?]

Groovy: [Nope, nothing. Stay over there so that you don’t get in the fucking way, Moguro.]

Moguro: [Moguro. That is me. Acknowledged. Will await further instructions.]

While Garfiel stood next to him with an awkward expression on his face, Groovy said this while motioning with his chin, which Moguro obediently followed, sitting down clinging to the side of the bed.

In doing so, they appeared like a slightly oversized decoration.

Olbart: [They’re ‘bout as admirable as a properly trained ground dragon or thunderwolf. However, that’s the thing, ain’t it. Even the Crystal Palace can be forgetful.]

Groovy: [The Crystal Palace and the Magic Crystal Cannon are fucking blown to shit. It’s a fucking miracle that there isn’t fuck-all left of Moguro’s core. It was also too fucking good to be true that it happened to fall near where I was lying down.]

Olbart: [Ya got along with ‘em the best, so maybe they came ta meet’cha?]

Olbart cackled with laughter as he cracked jokes, to which Groovy snorted his snout in discontent.

As made apparent by their dialogue, Moguro Hagane did not remember anything from before the Great Disaster. If Subaru were to be asked, he would say this seemed like a “factory reset”, as it seemed like everything that this Meteor had acquired as Moguro Hagane had been erased.

An immense power capable of blowing away the entirety of the Imperial Capital had been forcibly raised into the sky to prevent such an outcome, detonating without engulfing the area, so it could perhaps be said that this was a minor price to pay.

Garfiel: [How could I ever say somethin’ like that after what happened to Rem?]

Just how much of a weight was carried in someone losing all of their Memories up to that point, was something that Garfiel was keenly aware of due to the circumstances of one of their own.

It was not only a great turmoil to the actual person who had lost their Memories, but also to the people around them whom they had forgotten.

That was why, he understood the feeling―― he would not say such thoughtless things, though.

Garfiel: [Surprisingly, the things this geezer’s sayin’ might actually be right.]

Groovy: [Hahh? Are you also fucking mocking me with that load of fucking horseshit?]

Garfiel: [That ain’t it. I mean, it may be true that they don’t remember anything. But ain’t it also right that they’re not doin’ anything like tryna flee from ya?]

Saying that, Garfiel narrowed his eyes at Moguro, who was sitting next to the bed.

To be honest, that large frame sitting in the healing room was an obstruction, but the fact that they were making themselves as compact as possible to avoid causing trouble to their surroundings left a sense of good will.

To begin with, the fact that Moguro went to such lengths to remain here, was likely because they did not want to part from Groovy’s side.

Having lost their Memories, it might have just been something like imprinting onto the first person they encountered. But, Rem had stated that upon finally reuniting with Ram in the Empire, she had intuited that Ram was her older sister through a strange feeling.

Garfiel thought maybe that same “something” also remained within Moguro.

Garfiel: [Well, Captain also said something ‘bout Rem breakin’ his finger all of a sudden…]

There were also cases when that “something” did not remain, so it could not be said to be an absolute rule. But, since this was the healing room, where people were healed, if Moguro had come here all on their own to heal their own heart in a place nobody knew about, then Garfiel had no reason to kick them out.

Garfiel: [Rather, the old geezer who does nothin’ but talk without even the hands to spare’s more of an obstruction.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Really talkin’ like that ta me, this young’un! Well, I do get what ya’re sayin’.]

As Garfiel shrugged his shoulders, Olbart waved his two sleeves about while laughing. Outside that exchange, Groovy rubbed his black snout, and looked at Moguro.

He looked at his former comrade-in-arms, who was simply nestling close to him without even the slightest of movements.

Groovy: [Don’t do such fucking sentimental things, fucking hell.]

Moguro: [Within statement, sound of liquid detected. In fear of unusual circumstances, requesting instructions…]

Groovy: [Fucking shut the fuck up!]

Moguro: [Understood.]

Hearing that fruitless exchange, Garfiel gnashed his fangs and unconsciously smiled.

Since he was smiling, he worried a little bit over if it was okay to smile, and then, following his heart, he smiled.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――So, Anastasia-sama will return to Lugunica via Kararagi?]

Anastasia: [Yes, that’s the plan. I’m in the Empire as an envoy from Kararagi, y’know. I know it’s just a title, but I gotta do my duty.]

When Anastasia, smiling softly, openly revealed her inner thoughts to Otto, he accepted it with a quiet and casual “I see” on the surface.

However, his inner thoughts were not as carefree as his expression. ――Whatever the case, Anastasia had fulfilled her promised role for the Kararagi City-States. This would boost her reputation with the Kararagi Council, which had sent her there, and Anastasia would receive another solid boost in her bid for the crown.

Of course, Emilia had also had a great contribution in the fight against the Great Disaster, with the Vollachian Empire on the verge of collapse, and His Excellency the Emperor Vincent directly requested her assistance.

Although they had smuggled themselves into the country upon entering the Empire, they would be able to return home triumphant and proud.

Still, be it the battle against the Witch Cult in Pristella, the capture of Pleiades Watchtower, or even the rescue of the Vollachian Empire, both the Emilia Camp and Anastasia Camp had been involved. It was not good that the prestige was not only Emilia’s, but Anastasia’s as well. ——Emilia needed to accomplish a feat without Anastasia, something of her own.

Of course, had it not been for their part in the fight against the Great Disaster that had befallen the Empire this time, the Camp would have been far behind, even more so than it was now.

Anastasia: [There’s a mountain of things to think ‘bout, it must be tough for Otto-kun, eh?]

That momentary silence was pierced by Anastasia’s light-blue eyes.

Despite being an approximate guess, this question had a certainty to it, thanks to Anastasia’s seasoned experience.

In response to her prodding, Otto smiled back and said, “No”,

Otto: [It is true that it is a bit daunting, but if we were to talk in terms of having much to think about, I cannot compare it to His Excellency the Emperor or to Prime Minister Berstetz, who need to rebuild the Empire from this point forth.]

With that, Otto shifted the subject to someone else present―― to Berstetz, the Imperial Prime Minister.

In the conference room where Anastasia, Berstetz, and Otto had met after finishing the battle against the Great Disaster, they discussed future plans for Vollachia, which was now putting together a project for recovery and revitalization, and for the people who had been cooperating with them.

Amidst all this, Otto directed everyone’s attention to Berstetz, who concealed the color of his pupils deep within his threadbare eyes,

Berstetz: [As you declared, there are many challenges ahead. But the truth is, I do not think of it as a burden.]

Anastasia: [Oh, really? That’s awfully encouragin’.]

Berstetz: [In the beginning, I was a treacherous subject who colluded with the White Spider, Chisha Gold, to jeopardize the position of His Excellency the Emperor. Because of the circumstances, I was not executed during the battle against the Great Disaster, but I was still to be executed after the war.]

Otto: […But you are talking to us like this. There was no such action, correct?]

Berstetz: [Yes. The Emperor has decided thus. Of course, should any of them have thought that I could not be pardoned, I would have had no choice but to take that blade into my body…]

Otto could guess what Berstetz was thinking when he broke off his speech. It was probably the biggest reason why Berstetz’s head was still connected to his neck―― the assertion made after the war by the strongest man in the Empire, the Blue Lightning.

Cecilus: [Before any minor roles get bloodthirsty, I would like to declare that it is His Excellency’s decision not to kill Berstetz-san, so you all should follow it. If you go against it, I will have to show my sword-like side for the first time in a while. Besides, I have a vague feeling that Chisha planned to the extent that His Excellency would not kill Berstetz-san. In fact, without Berstetz-san, it will be hard to go on, won’t it? Since Chisha isn’t here.]

It was too long and drawn-out a statement to be called a declaration, but it was a significant factor in dissuading those who knew of Berstetz’s deeds.

Berstetz, apparently thinking the same thing, made a slight smile as he said,

Berstetz: [I never thought I would be protected by General First-Class Cecilus Segmunt. If not the Yang Sword, I would have thought his blade to be the one to decapitate me.]

Otto: [And yet it did not. It is a situation of the Empire, so an outsider cannot comment on it, however I consider it to have been a wise decision. A military officer in an emergency and a civilian officer before and after an emergency, such a person is irreplaceable.]

Anastasia: [I agree. If even Berstetz-san was removed ‘n the Emperor was the only one who could do the thinkin’, wouldn’t he die, even with the support of his lovely Wife-san?]

Berstetz: [Indeed, it is so. I, for one, am glad to see His Excellency receive a new Empress Consort. ――If it were not for this celebration, His Excellency would be facing too many hardships.]

Anastasia & Otto: [――――]

Berstetz shook his head loosely, silence falling over the room as he spilled those words.

In the midst of the silence, Otto turned his attention toward Anastasia. She, too, was feeling the weight of the same silence, though likely from a different perspective than Otto.

The reason for this silence, needless to say, was the tragic events that had befallen Vincent―― the deaths of his trusted confidant and of his sister, the princess with whom he shared the same blood.

The impact of the latter was something neither Otto nor Anastasia could ignore.

Anastasia: [She really was a selfish princess.]

A quiet murmur escaped Anastasia’s lips, causing Otto to close his eyes.

The subtle sentiment was a rare crack in Anastasia, who usually had a bravery that remained unfazed in the face of any event.

This vulnerability, Otto had always wished to find it in Anastasia in order to surpass her. ――Yet, he felt no urge to exploit that long-awaited vulnerability.

Why, if one were to ask such a thing.

Otto: [Because it is not reproducible.]

The vulnerability revealed at this moment was not a convenient tool that could be used in the future. It would be difficult to create the same opportunity again, and even if it could be, it should not be.

After all, a larger and deeper rift would open within his own circle than the one that had opened up within Anastasia.

Frankly speaking, that was also undesirable from Otto’s perspective. Over the past few months, the distance between the Emilia Camp and Anastasia Camp had narrowed too much.

???: [Maybe you do not need to consciously try to play the villain.]

Otto: [――. Are you perhaps talking to me?]

Suddenly, Otto reacted to a third voice, one belonging to neither Anastasia nor Berstetz. His gaze was directed towards Anastasia’s neck, where the voice had originated from―― the Spirit in the guise of a fox scarf, Echidna, looking back at him with her black eyes.

In response to Otto’s words, Echidna’s eyes slightly narrowed.

Echidna: [The fact that you took it as a remark directed at yourself is a testament to what is in your heart, is it not?]

Otto: [That argument is not very convincing, since you said it while looking at me.]

Echidna: [Quite stubborn, you. A good match with Ana in that regard.]

Echidna, who replied with a sulky tone, had her head curbed by Anastasia’s slender finger as she said “Hey”. Looking at her scarf, who was giving Otto a hard time,

Anastasia: [Don’t pester Otto-kun like that. The moment ya were allowed to talk to people, ya turned into a chatterbox.]

Echidna: [Mhm, do not talk like I am just opening my mouth out of personal desire. Certainly, from my current position, I have to acknowledge that my previous circumstances were restrictive.]

Anastasia: [Jeez. I’m sorry, Otto-kun, for my child botherin’ ya.]

Anastasia’s apology was met with a “No” and a dismissive wave from Otto.

Echidna’s remark was meant to assert her own presence rather than to show genuine concern for Otto. Of course, Echidna, being closest to Anastasia, was also aware of the rift in Anastasia that Otto had noticed.

A deterrent to prevent him from attacking. It was necessary as long as she could not see Otto’s inner thoughts, and that he did not intend to take advantage of that rift.

Nonetheless――,

Otto: [I do not consider myself a villain… If it is a role, then it would merely be acting, after all.]

In that sense, Echidna’s remark was completely off the mark.

The news of Priscilla’s death had shaken even Anastasia, and even more so their Camp―― Otto’s heart had remained unfazed to a degree such that he thought himself heartless.

He’d had a few chances to exchange words with Priscilla, even recognizing that she was certainly a remarkable figure as a Royal Candidate. With that in mind, he felt so.

Otto: [It was entirely possible for a candidate to drop out in the midst of the Royal Selection.]

Naturally, he had not expected that she would lose her life in a battle for the survival of a neighboring country, but even when it came to the political strife involving one of the nation’s most important affairs, there was more than enough possibility for an assassin to be sent to kill a Royal Candidate, and for them to fall victim to that assassin’s blade.

In the case of the Emilia Camp, there was a pattern, that being in that the person sending the assassin was, to much surprise, one of their own; but even if he were to ignore such an exception, it would hold true.

He did not believe that the Council of Wise Men, the current governing body of the Kingdom of Lugunica, would not have considered these circumstances in advance.

If a Royal Candidate went absent, would someone else fill the seat anew, or would the Royal Selection proceed with one of the five seats remaining vacant?

It was Otto’s honest opinion that the latter was of higher likelihood, and the option he would personally prefer.

Given that such a situation would be of great importance to the Kingdom――,

Otto: [The plan is for us to return to the Kingdom within the next few days. The Empire would not want people from other countries knowing any more about their internal condition following the Great Disaster, now would they?]

Anastasia: [Same goes for us. Since it’d also be strange for us to have our steps in sync, dependin’ on whether we’ve gotten all our preparations in order, we might be leavin’ for Kararagi as soon as tomorrow. Otto-kun, as for the report to the castle…]

Otto: [Please leave it to us. This is not a matter that can be communicated by letter after all.]

Anastasia nodded and entrusted the role of reporting to the Royal Castle to his side.

Frankly, it was a daunting role, but also a critical duty at the same time. Of course, Otto would accompany Emilia in this, but it would likely be an exceedingly difficult role for her.

In times like these, the duty of Emilia’s one and only Knight was supposedly to support her the most.

Otto: […With Natsuki-san’s current state, it would likely have the opposite effect on Emilia-sama.]

Anastasia: […From the sound of it, Natsuki-kun’s situation hasn’t changed then?]

Otto: [Indeed. Knight Julius has also turned up a few times, but it has been difficult. I hate to say this, but there was the impression that Priscilla-sama only ever gave him a hard time…]

Anastasia: [As far as Natsuki-kun was concerned, that was unimportant. ――How worryin’.]

As she spoke in a quiet voice, Anastasia’s fingertips tickled Echidna’s neck. Echidna’s dark eyes also seemed to be worried about Subaru as she quivered at the touch.

There was an unalloyed sense of mutual affection between Anastasia and Echidna.

Berstetz: [I understand the opinion of the envoys of both the Kingdom and the City-States. His Excellency the Emperor has instructed that both nations be granted every courtesy, and has granted me permission to make decisions on the matter. If there is anything I can do…]

Anastasia: [Can’t say that I’ll be takin’ this lightly. There’s nothing more tense than bein’ presented with a blank promissory note.]

Anastasia gave a wry smile at Berstetz, who hid his emotions behind his thread-like eyes. Otto, who shared the same frame of mind, was eager to make the most of the words that had been drawn out.

This was his place in the Emilia Camp; not that of a villain, but rather as one who undertook the “necessary evil”.

Because his nature was as such, he would have planned to use Priscilla’s origins in the Imperial Family as a basis to have her withdraw as an ineligible Royal Candidate, and he would have chosen to enact it, were she to not have perished.

Indeed, he could have made that choice.

That was why――,

Otto: [――Even had you not died, you would not have become our enemy. As much as Natsuki-san and Emilia-sama are hurt by it, your death has… delivered me quite the hard blow.]

As someone from a different camp, with no reason to mourn and grieve her death, that was the least bit of condolence Otto Suwen could offer to the woman who had passed on.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 3: To Each Their Mourning of You ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [And so, my little sister will become His Excellency the Emperor-kun’s wife. Certainly, the goal that we siblings have been striving towards has drawn near!]

???: [Goal… that , you mentioned it before , revenge… was it ?]

???: [That’s right! Revenge against the world!]

He clapped his hands together, and towards the gentle man with blond hair and glimmering eyes—— towards Flop O’Connell’s answer, who stood opposite the Shudraqian woman, Taritta’s eyes opened wide.

Rather than the answer itself, she was seemingly surprised by the vigor of his response, but her lips soon curled into a smile. Revenge, it was a dangerous thing to hear and to laugh about. As expected of the Vollachian Empire’s pride, a woman of the People of Shudraq, one could say.

It was Flop who dyed the mood of this brave woman, which was quite the feat.

Looking at the two people below and their exchange within the passageway of the fortress, Ram rested her chin on a banister as she appraised Flop and Taritta.

It was a scene that she had come across by happenstance, but it was an interesting twist of fate to witness.

——Since joining forces at the Battle of the Imperial Capital, Ram held a favorable impression of the Shudraq.

In general, the only people in the Vollachian Empire that Ram found it regrettable to part from were these women and Serena, who was in a complicated position due to her relationship with Roswaal.

Later, she would also like to show her gratitude to Rem’s friend, Katya——

???: [Ram, what are you doing here ?]

Ram: [Ara, Mizelda. Simply watching your sister’s love affairs from afar.]

Mizelda: [ Ho , that’s a nice hobby . Let me see .]

With that, the strong-eyed Mizelda saddled up next to Ram and leaned on the railing.

Being Taritta’s actual older sister, she watched below, squinting as she spoke with Flop. A slight glint of anxiety could be seen in her profile, causing Ram’s light-crimson eyes to also narrow.

Ram: [This isn’t like you. Are you worried about your sister?]

Mizelda: [Don’t say that it’s not like me . Firstly , how long have you and I known each other ? Only a few days .]

Ram: [Time is needed? For Ram and you?]

Mizelda: [ Hahaha , you’re right .]

At Ram’s question, the corners of Mizelda’s mouth loosened, opening with laughter. Laughing, Mizelda slowly began to shake her head,

Mizelda: [The word “worried” feels weak . So , let’s say concerned .]

Ram: [Yes. But of course. You are the elder sister of Taritta. Ram, too, is always worried about Rem. If it had to be said like you would, there’s always concern for Rem.]

Mizelda: [ But , there’s no question that Subaru’s a good man . Although his eyes are unfortunate .]

Ram: [——. In regards to that, you and Ram will have to agree to disagree.]

Ram’s voice dropped a little, and hearing this, Mizelda smiled. Looking sideways at this smile, Ram said “Well then” as she once again lowered her gaze to the scene below,

Ram: [You, you doubt the humanity of that gentle man?]

Mizelda: [ No , Flop is also a good man . His looks are slightly too soft, but he’s a sight for sore eyes . Surely, Taritta, too , knows this .]

Her answer was both about his nature as a person and his looks, her phrasing subtly losing sight of the matter. In any case, it seemed like Ram could understand Mizelda’s troubles.

And, it was not something that Ram could talk on as an outsider. Even if she was a blood sister, she would not be able to dictate what to do to the others involved.

It was quite a situation, as if the younger sister did not know her older sister’s heart.

Ram: [More and more, there is much to like about you, Mizelda.]

Mizelda: [Is that so ? If you were a man , I think I would have made you my husband .]

As older sisters, both of them had much to say about their younger sisters’ love lives.

And so, they sat next to each other, both physically and emotionally, Ram and Mizelda, looking down at the continued exchange between Flop and Taritta.

Flop: [Listen, Miss Taritta! I may have said this before, but I’ll dare to say it again!]

Flop held his hand out towards the sky, and as if to grasp those distant white clouds, or even the incessant falling rays of the sun, he opened and closed his hand.

Flop: [If you have a goal, a dream, and you talk big about achieving it, you gotta seize the opportunities that come your way without hesitation. This unexpected connection with His Excellency the Emperor was exactly the kind of chance worth risking one’s life for!]

Taritta: [ So , regarding that marriage between His Excellency the Emperor and Medium… is Medium really okay with it ?]

Flop: [Of course …! Is what I would like to say, however, as you can imagine, there was quite a heated argument when it came to the marriage! I would say it was the biggest argument my sister and I have ever had! But…]

Taritta: [ But ?]

Flop: [If I prioritized revenge on the world over the happiness of my immediate family, I’d really have my priorities all wrong. Which is why I didn’t make a proposal that Medium would earnestly reject.]

Taritta: [――――]

As Flop’s expression gently softened, Taritta lowered her almond-shaped eyes.

The much-talked-about marriage between Vincent Vollachia and Medium O’Connell, proposed by Flop and accepted by the Emperor, was a well-known fact among the parties concerned.

If anything, rumors had spread widely even among the common people.

Spreading the news about Vincent taking an Empress Consort had most likely been Berstetz or Serena’s strategy. Despite the lingering afterglow of victory over the Great Disaster, reports of misfortunes continued to pour in from all over the Empire. Now, more than ever, people needed hope.

A celebratory event―― one that concerned all the citizens of the Empire, would be ideal for that.

Ram: [A shrewd man in a shrewd country.]

Just how much Flop had taken into consideration at the time of his proposal, Ram could not tell.

However, since he had made the decisive move at the right moment, he must have calculated some ways ahead. And this was true for Vincent, who had accepted, and for the senior officials, who had agreed after the fact.

The saving grace, as Flop said, was that Medium, who had been used as a political pawn, did not hate Vincent.

Considering all that, Flop’s proposal had been a cunning one. ――It would serve as a good example for a certain Internal Affairs Minister who hid behind a facade of villainy, trying to fool himself as if applying a bitter medicine.

As Ram watched the exchange, glancing at the profile beside her,

Ram: [Speaking of which, do you have any feelings for Emperor Vincent?]

Mizelda: [That’s a foolish question , Ram. Abel’s good looks go without saying . But , as per the People of Shudraq’s customs, it’s our tradition to bring the groom back to the forest . Since I can’t bring Abel back , he’s nothing more than eye candy to me .]

Ram: [I see…]

Mizelda: [No, that’s not right . ――Abel is both eye candy and a comrade-in-arms to me .]

Ram: [I see.]

Ram nodded quietly to Mizelda, who crossed her arms and declared so.

With all doubts cleared, the two spectators refocused on the conversation between the two below.

Both were frustrated, and Flop assured Taritta that he was not forcing Medium to do anything. Taritta kept her eyes downcast and remarked, “Flop, you’re amazing ”,

Taritta: [You’re able to consider both your goals and the people around you and take action accordingly . When you need to make a decision , you don’t hesitate … Truly, you’re admirable .]

Flop: [――? That’s a very funny thing to say, Miss Taritta.]

Taritta: [ Huh … did I say something funny ?]

Flop: [Yes, you did. Because the reason I could muster up the courage to make such decisions was that I followed your example, Miss Taritta!]

Taritta: [――――]

Taritta was blindsided by Flop, who pointed a finger at her with a snap. So shocked she was, to the point of all thought arresting.

As proof of that, she reflexively twisted Flop’s outstretched finger and pinned him against the wall.

Flop: [Ouch, ouch, ouch!]

Taritta: [ Ah , ahhh , I’m sorry ! I was so startled that I just … reacted reflexively !]

Flop: [N-no, no, no, it was my fault for being careless. As expected, a Shudraq Chieftain has a different level of training. I need to learn more from you, not just your mindset.]

Taritta: [ Mindset …]

Flop: [Yes, mindset. That’s what I admire most about you.]

Waving his twisted arm, Flop smiled at Taritta. However, she looked bewildered, not understanding what he was smiling about.

Flop, seeing her reaction, gave her a wry, endearing smile,

Flop: [When something bad happened to Miss Mizelda’s leg, you unexpectedly had to take over as Chieftain. You must have been worried. I’m sure it was painful! But, you made your decision and took on the challenge with determination. Seeing you like that taught me the importance of not shying away from important decisions.]

Taritta: [Flop…]

Flop: [So, I wanted to give you my thanks. That’s one of the two reasons I called you here! ――As for the second reason…]

Flop held up one finger on his left hand, then another on his right. Taritta’s eyes widened at his words, haltingly muttering “The second reason …”.

At Taritta’s murmur, Flop theatrically lowered both of his hands which had their fingers raised,

Flop: [Today won’t come ever again. Tomorrow isn’t guaranteed. This war made me realize once again what I thought I already knew. I’m grateful to the kind person who brought that flame into these eyes, to the kind person who made this moment possible. And――]

Taritta: [――――]

Flop: [Miss Taritta, I like your way of being and thinking very much. To put it more plainly, I would love to be with you! So, how about becoming Taritta O’Connell?]

Taritta: [―― Ah .]

Flop: [Never let a chance go by to get what you want. I’ll fully put into practice everything I’ve learned from you.]

Smiling and winking, Flop’s words were unmistakably a marriage proposal.

For Taritta, it must have been as shocking as the sky falling. Yet, at the same time, it was probably as joyful as flowers blooming on the ground.

As a woman herself, Ram felt the need to applaud the blessing that had been bestowed upon her.

However――,

Taritta: [―― But , I am …]

Ram’s light-crimson eyes narrowed at the sight of Taritta’s anguished expression.

The root of Taritta’s reaction had, oddly enough, become clear during her earlier conversation with Medium.

As per Shudraqian custom, the groom must be taken back to the forest village.

However, as the brother of the future Empress Consort, Medium, Flop would likely have many more responsibilities and tasks to fulfill in the Imperial Capital. To give them all up, and leave Medium at the Imperial Capital―― that would be truly irresponsible.

Taritta could see this too, so her hesitation crushed her joy.

It had been her succession to the position of Shudraqian Chieftain that gave Flop the courage to propose; it had been the spark that brought their hearts together, but it had also become the obstacle that prevented them from being together.

Taritta tried to confront this absurdity with a strong, strong sense of responsibility―― but then.

Mizelda: [Don’t hesitate , Taritta!]

Taritta: [――. Ah, sister ?]

Frozen in shock, Taritta’s eyes widened at the sudden voice that came like a surprise attack.

Until then, she had not noticed that Ram and Mizelda were on the walkway above them. She exchanged glances with her sister, who was gripping the banister tightly.

Seeing her sister’s behavior, Mizelda let out a small sigh, then swung up her right leg―― which from the knee down was a wooden prosthetic, and slammed it onto the banister.

And then――,

Mizelda: [A Chieftain who has to choose between her duties and a man isn’t fit to be Chieftain ! In all the battles I’ve fought , I’ve learned how to fight on one leg ! If you’re in such a sorry state , you should give up the position of Chieftain !]

Taritta: [ Wha …! W-wait a second , sister ! That ’ s …]

Mizelda: [No way , I won’t wait ! The Shudraq have no need for a pathetic-looking sister like you !]

Saying this firmly, Mizelda took her leg down from the banister, and turned her back. Walking heavily, the differing sounds between her left and right steps were heard as she departed along the walkway.

Ram sighed as she watched Mizelda’s back as she left.

Ram: [Is that your way of encouraging her as her big sister?]

Mizelda: [She’s not the kind of woman who’d understand unless I told her . Ram, soon you will find yourself in the same position .]

Ram: [Disgusting.]

To the statement she did not want to hear, Ram replied with a grimace.

And so, thinking it would be rude of her to stay behind, Ram was about to follow Mizelda when,

Flop: [Miss Mizelda! I’m deeply grateful! Is there anything I can do to repay you?]

In place of the stunned Taritta, Flop called out to Mizelda, who had just made a big decision. Without turning around or stopping, Mizelda waved her hand.

Mizelda: [It has been decided . A strong, robust man with a handsome face will be sent as an envoy to the Shudraq village . This way, the Covenant between the Imperial Capital and our people will be maintained .]

Flop: [――. Haha! I understand, Miss Mizelda! No, Sister-in-law-kun!]

A resolution was reached between Mizelda and Flop, without first consulting the parties involved.

Ram also understood that the ignored party would make a decision soon.

Taritta: [――Hk.]

――That was because Ram, who was trailing behind Mizelda, could clearly hear Taritta’s footsteps hit the ground as she ran towards Flop.

Ram: [Are you sure it is okay to on your own decide on returning to being the Chieftain?]

Mizelda: [ Ha . If there’s something one disagrees with , all they have to do is take it away from me . But …]

Mizelda cut off her words and turned her piercing gaze straight ahead. Following her gaze, Ram realized the reason why.

At the end of the corridor, two women from the Shudraq were waving their hands―― Kuna and Holly. They greeted Mizelda, and then, with a wave of their hands, pointing down the corridor with their chins,

Kuna: [How is it going ? Has Taritta finally started behaving ?]

Mizelda: [ Yes , my younger sister is a handful .]

Holly: [But, well , there’s nothing to be done about it . After all , she’s the Chieftain’s sister .]

Kuna: [ Well , until we all talk about it , the Chieftain is Taritta… Well , it doesn’t really matter . I also have no objection to Mizelda returning as Chieftain . I think the others would probably agree , too .]

When Kuna and Holly each gave a knowing smile, Ram got a glimpse of the love between Taritta and her people.

With that understanding, Ram clasped her arms around her elbows and,

Ram: [Though unexpected, Ram’s peeping efforts were well worth it.]

Holly: [Just hearing that makes it sound pretty bad .]

Kuna: [Without the Chieftain here , it would’ve left a terrible impression , wouldn’t it? What an absurd thing to say .]

Holly and Kuna launched a volley of criticism at Ram’s words. Ram shrugged her shoulders as Mizelda, who was right by her side, softened her gaze slightly and looked up at the sky with gentle eyes.

While gazing up at the clear blue sky, so clear it was almost revolting,

Mizelda: [Her soul sister … ever since Mariuli died , Taritta has been depressed . You guys probably understand how much that hurts, right ?]

Holly: [… Yes .]

Kuna: [I guess .]

Mizelda: [The time has come for that to change . ――I consider it a blessing that Taritta has earned this victory .]

Those were words that Ram did not understand, reserved for the three Shudraqians.

It might have been a relationship unrelated by blood, but that Kuna and Holly’s relationship also fell into that category could be presumed. Given the strong bond between these two, it was not difficult to imagine how significant the bond that Taritta was said to have lost.

Besides, Ram also knew very well that the things one lost could never be replaced.

Ram: [――――]

The Empire had been victorious, but in exchange, so much had been lost. Even close to Ram, the wounds suffered by Rem, Emilia, and Subaru, were significant.

However, simply staying by their side and continuing to talk to them was not a guaranteed cure for such wounds. Such an undeniable notion could only be cruel and unjust――.

Mizelda: [――To the vow of our forebearers , and the pride of their ancestral spirits , gratitude .]

Kuna & Holly: [―― Gratitude .]

To Taritta, who had found the only method to overcome these circumstances, Mizelda, Kuna, and Holly gave their blessings in the way of the Shudraqian People.

Following the girls’ example, Ram closed her eyes and joined in the prayer.

And then she thought.

――That there was no means of saving the hearts of all those who mourned the lost, such absurdity.

Ram: [Gratitude.]

So she declared her own vow and pride, one different from that of the Shudraqians.

△▼△▼△▼△

The wheels of the wheelchair turned with a rattling sound.

It was a sound they had grown accustomed to, but there were occasional clunking noises mixed in, caused by remnants of the mayhem, fragments of crumbled debris and cracks in the corridor that had yet to be fully repaired.

Feeling uneasy about letting Katya go to such places alone, Rem had taken it upon herself to push her wheelchair.

Katya: [So, it seems that his work protecting His Excellency the Emperor was highly appreciated. He said that as an independent General, he will be given the role of protecting the Emperor at his side.]

Rem: [Is that so? That brother of yours…]

Katya: [You look like you’ve got something to say… No, never mind. You don’t have to say it. What you’re thinking, I’m probably thinking the same thing.]

Without turning around, Katya grasped her own pigtail hanging over her shoulder, her voice trembling as she spoke.

Rem had not said much, but Katya’s guess was probably correct. Thus, she decided to keep her thoughts about Jamal to herself, as requested.

Whatever the case, Katya had sent off her blood-brother despite her anxieties. His safe return must have been a great relief, even to the stubborn Katya.

Indeed, having him return safely was what mattered most.

Rem: [Priscilla-san…]

Suddenly, as her mind was left wandering, Rem was struck by a wave of sentiment that tightened around her chest, causing her to utter those words.

As Rem cast her pale blue eyes downward, her mind was filled with the image of a beautiful woman wrapped in vivid red flames―― the Sun Princess who had kept Rem by her side for only a brief period of time.

Priscilla, with her unwavering presence, radiated the heat she wore and incinerated everything, drawing the curtain on herself with a grace that was unmistakably her own while keeping others at bay.

The words exchanged in what she did not expect to be their final conversation were ones she could never forget.

However――,

Rem: [You said I have a “heart of diamond”, but I don’t understand.]

After seeing each other for the first time in days, during what would also turn out to be their final conversation, Priscilla had praised Rem for who she was now. Rem, too, had been able to take it in stride at that time.

But now, she was no longer sure. Because Priscilla was gone.

Katya: [Hey, Rem, is it alright for you to stay with me?]

Rem: [Eh?]

Suddenly, Rem was startled as the movement of the wheelchair she was pushing came to a halt. Looking down, she saw that Katya had grabbed the wheels, forcibly stopping its movement.

Doing such a thing must have hurt Katya’s slender hands.

Rem: [Katy――]

Katya: [It’s fine. Right now, my hands don’t matter. Rather, what matters is you.]

Rem: [Me…]

Katya: [Even if you’re not here with me, you’d still have your sister, people who know who you were before, and even that noisy guy…]

Rem: [――You mustn’t.]

Staring at Rem, Katya’s words grew gradually faster until she fell silent with an “Mhm”. Rem interrupted her and shook her head, grateful for the thoughtfulness.

Certainly, the presence of Ram, as well as Frederica and Petra, would be a source of support for Rem. But, not even they could fill the void left by Priscilla’s absence. The days and moments Rem had spent with Priscilla were never known to them.

And, as for the last person Katya mentioned, Subaru――,

Rem: [I don’t want to rely on that person now.]

Katya: […You mean he’s unreliable?]

Rem: [No… I don’t want to rely on him. I don’t like it. To be just another one of his many goals.]

Katya: [――――]

Rem’s response surprised even herself as she spoke over Katya’s question. Katya’s eyes, too, widened at Rem’s answer, which was understandable.

Even Rem herself had not fully grasped her own feelings until she had spoken them aloud.

Once she did, they became clear to her.

Rem: [It seems like you only see my shortcomings, Katya-san.]

Katya: [I don’t think that’s the case, and if we’re talking about shame, I have my fair share too… actually, don’t make me think about that, and don’t remind me! Just thinking about the trouble I cause others by merely being alive makes me want to d… to suffer!]

Considering Rem’s feelings, she likely refrained from saying “want to die”.

At Katya’s imperfect-yet-considerate compassion, Rem’s lips curled slightly. She felt supported by Katya’s mere presence, as Katya would say things like that without being overly concerned or excessively comforting.

That was precisely why she had asked if Rem could stay with her.

Rem: [Being by your side is calming, Katya-san. You always screech loudly and catch my attention right away.]

Katya: [Is that a compliment? Are you trying to compliment me? If so, you have no talent for praising others, you know?]

Rem, intending to express her sincere gratitude, was a bit taken aback by Katya’s glare. And, just like that, Rem and Katya found themselves walking through the fortress.

Hearing someone say “Ohhh~,” Rem looked up. There, she saw a young man with gray hair, smiling broadly and waving at them.

Rem was clueless as to who this person was, but Katya let out an “Ah” of recognition,

Rem: [Do you know him?]

Katya: [I wouldn’t say that, but I know he’s a slacker.]

Rem: [A slacker?]

Young Man: [Waaait~ wait, that’s not a very nice way to remember me. Well, at that point in time, it wasn’t entirely inaccurate, though, was it?]

The young man, not particularly hurried, leisurely corrected Katya’s impression of him. As he approached, Rem tightened her grip on the handles of the wheelchair, wary of him.

Upon seeing Rem’s reaction, the young man raised his hands and stopped in his tracks.

Young Man: [Don’t worry. I’m not the kind of person who would harm aaanyone~. I’m just a pathetic man who’s lost his only talent and is now slinking away in looow~ spirits.]

Katya: [Slinking away in low spirits… where are you going? Slacking off again? At a time when everyone is struggling and supporting each other in every way possible?]

Young Man: [I tooold~ you, that’s not the case. Thooough~, I do agree with you about the current situation.]

With a wry smile, the young man looked behind him―― at the Fortified City that was still in the early stages of reconstruction, and spread his thin arms wide to either side,

Young Man: [Up until now, I’ve had my sights set too high. From now on, I plan to keep my feet firmly on the ground, and live my life by fooocusing~ on what’s right in front of me.]

Katya: […I don’t get it. What kind of declaration is that?]

Young Man: [It’s me being respectful, miss. I wasn’t suuure~ if I’d get the chance to meet with you, but perhaps it’s a final, stylish gesture from the stars.]

Katya did not drop her puzzled expression at the young man’s vague expressions. On the other hand, while Rem remained cautious, it was clear that this young man had no malice or hostility toward Katya.

On the contrary, just as he had said, there seemed to be a genuine sense of respect toward Katya.

It was unclear if this had anything to do with Katya calling him a slacker, though.

Young Man: [Miss, you’ve saved the Vollachian Empire. The brightness of the rising sun and the activities of the people you see from here are all things you snatched from my Commandment.]

Katya: […Are you making fun of me?]

Young Man: [No no nooo~, it’s really not that at all. I’ve been doing many things according to my Commandment, but nothing His Excellency the Emperor or General First-Class Chisha did ever surprised me. What I meeean~ is that you’re the only one who did.]

Katya: [I really don’t get what you mean. It just feels like you’re holding a grudge because I called you out for slacking off. But…]

As the young man gave a wry smile in response to Katya’s answer, she paused. Then she mumbled a bit, pointed at Rem behind her, and continued,

Katya: [The reason I was there was because I was dragged along by Rem. And besides, it was at the Prime Minister’s mansion that I met this girl in the first place, and then Todd… ah~, anyway!]

Katya, who had been pointing at Rem, now pointed sharply at the young man.

Then――,

Katya: [I don’t get all big-headed when I get compliments, regardless of whether I understand the logic or reasoning behind them or not. In the first place, saying a woman with bad legs is amazing or special is very much questionable! I can’t do anything on my own! Everything, it’s all thanks to other people!]

Rem: [K-Katya-san, isn’t that a bit  much…?]

Katya: [Huh? I’m still having you push my wheelchair right now, aren’t I? If the wheels get stuck in a hole in the floor even once, I’d end up a pile of bones right there and then!]

Rem was overwhelmed by Katya’s loud and brazen declaration.

As she recognized that this exquisite mix of self-deprecation and trust in others was what made Katya’s way of thinking so appealing――,

Young Man: [Heh, haha, haaahahahaha~!]

As Rem was in thought, the young man started to laugh hysterically, holding his stomach. Katya’s shoulders jumped as she responded with a “W-what?” in a fluster, but Rem somehow understood why the young man was laughing.

Sandwiched between Rem’s vague understanding and Katya’s lack thereof, the young man used his finger to wipe away the tears that had welled up in his eyes,

Young Man: [Haaa~, it’s been so nice talking with you. If you’d told me that something like that could have cast aside my Commandment, I wouldn’t know what to say.]

Katya: [I don’t understand why you’re so satisfied on your own…]

Young Man: [I’m sorry, buuut~ you’ll have to ask someone else to help you with that. ――This is goodbye.]

Rem: [Where will you be going?]

Rem could not help but ask the young man who had shouldered the small bundle at his feet.

Even though she did not know his name, nor did she have any reason to stop him, she did not want the young man who had praised Katya to be unhappy.

In response to Rem’s question, the young man pointed towards Mount Gildray, where the fortress stood,

Young Man: [For now, I’m leaving the Empire. Weeell~ then, take care.]

Neither Rem nor Katya could find the words to stop the young man who had answered only that and turned his back to walk away. They could only wish him good fortune as he cheerfully began his journey.

The reason he could walk so confidently with his back straight was thanks to Rem, Katya, and many other people, but most of all, it was thanks to her for paving the way for the future with her dazzling way of life.

Rem: [It’s all, thanks to other people…]

Katya: [W-what’s the matter, do you have a problem with something? I know I probably went a little over the top with what I said…!]

Rem: [No. I thought it was very good, and very much like you, Katya-san. I don’t want to make the mistake of thinking that I can stand all on my own, either.]

In response to Katya’s intermittent glances, Rem rubbed her legs. As she watched this gesture, Katya, with downcast eyes,

Katya: [At some point, you started walking normally again.]

Rem: [It seems to be because the Mana that should’ve been flowing through my body wasn’t doing so properly… It might also be effective on your legs, Katya-san.]

Katya: […I’ll be fine. My brother, or someone else, will push my wheelchair for me. Besides… ]

Rem: [Besides?]

Katya: [――You’ll still be the one pushing me for a little while longer, won’t you?]

Rem’s eyes widened slightly when Katya timidly said this, but then she softened her gaze and nodded with a gentle “Yes”.

Both Rem and Katya knew well that “for a little while longer” would not be very long at all, and their exchange was built upon that understanding.

She was sure that her separation from Katya would come soon―― when Rem would have to return to the place she hailed from with Subaru, Ram, and the others who had come to retrieve her. It would be a painful experience.

But, parting ways with Katya and the people of this land, was a parting that left hope for a reunion. Teaching her the pain and bitterness of farewells that were not of that kind, it was her last act of――,

Rem: [Consideration? Or, was it maliciousness, Priscilla-san?]

Priscilla: [Rem, follow thy own heart. For although your heart may ripple, those ripples shall never be unseemly.]

As Rem muttered to herself, the last words Priscilla had spoken to her flashed through her mind.

The ripples of her heart likely referred to the weakness within Rem that would always, and forever, rise to the surface like bubbles, trying to disturb her peace.

But, still, she did not want to be the kind of person who desperately wished to reject and distance herself from them.

Because Priscilla, the woman who illuminated Rem’s life like a flame for a short while, who never mistook the truth, had said that Rem’s “ripples” were not unseemly.

――So please, forgive this heart for rippling at the reality of your disappearance. Until the day those ripples subside, and I can remember you without tears.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 4: Dunderhead ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Madelyn?]

Upon finding Madelyn Eschart walking brazenly through the fortress, Emilia called out her name as her eyes widened in surprise.

Then, halting her gait upon hearing that call, the young girl turned her head of black horns, and contorted her lovely face as if she had eaten something bitter.

At that reaction, as Emilia gestured with her hand to show that there was nobody else around them,

Emilia: [You don’t need to make such a face. After all, I’m the only one here.]

Madelyn: […That isn’t friggin’ encouraging or anything. This dragon is making this friggin’ face because it’s you.]

Emilia: [Eh, is that so? But why?]

Madelyn: [Did you friggin’ forget that you’re the one who made it snow a ton and fought a bunch against this dragon and Mezoreia!? How the frig’ could I be left with a good impression!]

As her golden irises sharpened, Madelyn raised her voice. As Madelyn snapped at her like that, Emilia nodded with an “I see…” as she reflected on their relationship.

Indeed, across both the Fortress City and the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, Emilia had clashed against Madelyn twice. They were both present in the Imperial Capital during the battle against the Great Disaster, but they did not meet again there. Come to think of it, this was the first time they were exchanging words in a calm manner like this.

Emilia: [Then, the last time I saw you, Madelyn, was when I froze you into a block of solid ice.]

Madelyn: [――! So, it really was you after friggin’ all! I couldn’t move my body in the slightest, it was so, so freezing cold and dangerous… you’re friggin’ outrageous!]

Emilia: [Uh, sorry. I was going to unfreeze you properly afterwards, but Madelyn escaped with Mezoreia, so…]

Madelyn: [Don’t friggin’ blame it on this dragon, human!]

Madelyn bore her sharp fangs, and had such vigor that it seemed like she might suddenly try to bite her. Emilia was a bit surprised at her liveliness, but at the same time, she felt relief.

After all, she had heard that Madelyn and Mezoreia had become allies of the Great Disaster at one point.

Emilia: [But, you supported our side in the end. Garfiel told me.]

Madelyn: […That friggin’ tigerperson half-beast, huh?]

Emilia: [Yes, he’s my reliable ally, and sort of like a little brother. He’s reaaally strong, after all.]

Madelyn: [――――]

As Emilia puffed out her chest with a “Ahem”, Madelyn fell silent with a complex expression. It was not  as though she doubted Emilia’s words; rather, her silence held a different significance.

For example, it gave off a sense of something close to frustration or embarrassment.

Emilia: [――Madelyn, you’re going to continue on as a General of the Empire, right?]

Madelyn: [――Hk, you got a friggin’ problem with that?]

Emilia: [No, not at all, that’s not what I mean. It’s just, I heard that Mezoreia had gone home, so I was thinking about how Madelyn didn’t do the same.]

Shifting her gaze away from Madelyn as they spoke, Emilia looked to the sky outside the fortress.

An exceedingly rare dragonkin, Madelyn, and the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia―― Emilia did not know of the relationship between the two in detail. But, if they loved each other dearly, then their relationship could be viewed as something close to that of the one between a Spirit and a Spiritual Arts User.

If that was the case, Mezoreia was to Madelyn as Puck was to Emilia. To make the decision to separate from such a companion, could not have been an easy feat.

Emilia: [I’ve also experienced similar feelings. For me, I wasn’t given the choice to go together or not… That’s why, I think Madelyn is reaaally brave for making her own choice.]

Madelyn: [Of friggin’ course. ――Don’t friggin’ lump this dragon in with you, human.]

Emilia: [You might be right. Or, maybe not? You’re a dragonkin, but does that make you strong enough to endure the painful feelings of parting with a precious companion? Is that how it is?]

Madelyn: [Friggin’ unpleasant woman…!]

Being told so by a bitter face, Emilia clutched her chest with a soft grunt.

An unpleasant woman , she had never been verbally abused with such words, so she had a fresh feeling of bitterness. Recently, she had not been referred to as a “half-devil” as frequently, and to begin with, it no longer hurt her feelings to be called so. ――Only, the woman who would so boldly call Emilia a “half-devil”, was no longer anywhere to be found.

Emilia: [――――]

Madelyn: [Don’t go friggin’ silent all of a sudden. It’s a friggin’ disrespect before this dragon, you know.]

Emilia: [Mhm, yeah. I’m sorry for making you feel lonely.]

Madelyn: [~~!!]

With her indulgence in reveries being halted, Emilia apologized, to which Madelyn’s face went red.

With her face reddened, she tried to say something for a moment, and after taking a deep breath, she stared straight at Emilia, and then,

Madelyn: [Talking with humans is friggin’ exhausting, but that’s especially friggin’ true for you.]

Emilia: [Well, I think that’s definitely because you’re nervous about talking to me. Subaru said that before.]

Though it was frustrating that there was nothing she could do about it, from what Subaru had told her, it seemed that Emilia caused tension in the people she faced. Subaru was always playing it off as various reasons, such as “EMT”, but it was probably because of the fact that she was a Royal Candidate, or because she was a half-elf.

Emilia: [That’s why, I’m relaxing my cheeks as much as I can so that doesn’t happen.]

Since she could not change her position as a Royal Candidate, her half-elf lineage, or her silver hair and amethyst eyes which resembled the Witch of Envy, she wanted to at least keep a gentle facial expression.

Trying her best with those thoughts, Emilia inquired of Madelyn with a “Well?”. Then, Madelyn took yet another deep breath, and,

Madelyn: [When talking to you, this dragon gets the feeling that staying here might’ve been the wrong friggin’ choice.]

Emilia: [Umm, that’s alright? We’ll be leaving the Empire in a few days, so…]

Madelyn: [It doesn’t! Friggin’ have anything to do! With whether you’re here or not!]

Being yelled at in short bursts, Emilia’s eyes widened. Before her, Madelyn placed her hand on her hip, and as if in return for earlier, looked towards the outside of the fortress,

Madelyn: [This country, it’s the land for which this dragon’s darling… Balleroy, staked his life to protect.]

Emilia: [――. Indeed.]

At Madelyn’s whispered words, Emilia briefly nodded.

She had heard that the undead by the name of Balleroy had done a great job. That when the sky had been enveloped in a tremendous light, he had been present amidst the clouds that blanketed the sky of the Imperial Capital.

Emilia had been fighting Sphinx, who had turned into the spitting image of Echidna, so she had been unable to avert her attention there. Therefore, she had no clue whatsoever about what sort of person Balleroy had been.

Emilia: [It’s reaaally unfortunate that I couldn’t say thank you to him.]

Madelyn: [Don’t friggin’ make eyes at this dragon’s darling!]

Emilia: [ Make eyes …?]

Madelyn: [Even if he didn’t receive any thanks for it, this dragon’s darling friggin’ accomplished his duties… Until the very end of the end, he didn’t let this dragon tag along in the things he wanted to do.]

Hearing Madelyn’s fragile, somewhat lonely tone of voice, Emilia narrowed her amethyst eyes.

The feelings that Madelyn kept bottled up in that tiny body of hers, Emilia felt like they were ones she was familiar with. Or rather, she was indeed familiar with them.

After all, Subaru would also sometimes decide things all on his own without consulting Emilia.

Emilia: [But, that isn’t because he doesn’t think he can count on me or because he doesn’t like me, but because he treasures me, so it’s a reaaally bad quality to have.]

Madelyn: [You…]

Emilia: [It’s a matter of being valued dearly. That makes it hard to get mad at, it’s a little unfair.]

If one was not valued, and was instead thought of as undependable and unpleasant, they would want to try their best to improve that impression. But, since Emilia was already viewed in a good light, it was challenging to want to do anything more about it.

Emilia: [That’s why, it’s unfair. Really, just what are girls like us to do?]

Madelyn: […Unfair.]

Receiving Emilia’s words, Madelyn cast her eyes down as if pondering something.

Though she did not know Balleroy well, Emilia more or less felt that the irritation that Madelyn harbored towards him was close to what she herself felt towards Subaru.

Alas, even if their troubles were similar, the answer that Madelyn had arrived at was something distant to Emilia.

After all――,

Emilia: [――I can’t stay behind in this country, the land that Priscilla protected.]

Staking one’s life, if it were to be put that way, then Priscilla was undoubtedly one of the people who had accomplished that―― Emilia’s “friend”, whose passing still did not feel real despite several days having elapsed.

Madelyn: [――――]

It would have been nice if their relationship could have developed enough for them to call each other friends. Priscilla had passed away before such a thing could come to fruition, so, right now, Emilia just one-sidedly wanted to call her as such.

However, just before fading away, she had appeared before Emilia and Anastasia as they were conversing, and they all had a pleasant chat for a short while―― Emilia would look back on that with regret for a long, long time.

That peaceful, gentle time they had shared, they ought to have been able to continue on with it from here on out many more times, for much more time, in much more depth; Emilia would end up dreaming of such unattainable hopes.

And then, as Emilia pictured what lay beyond the faded dream――,

Emilia: [――Eh?]

Suddenly, Emilia received a tug at her arm and, unable to hold her ground in the slightest, was pulled down. As Emilia almost tumbled over, her head was gently caught by Madelyn’s shoulder.

There was a noticeable height difference between the two, and yet Emilia’s head was leaning upon Madelyn’s shoulder. If their positioning had been just slightly off, Emilia’s head would have been pierced by one of Madelyn’s horns.

Emilia: [Um, Madelyn? People will get startled by these kinds of things…]

So you shouldn’t do them all of a sudden ; Emilia made such an attempt to scold Madelyn.

However――,

Madelyn: [Don’t friggin’ cry.]

Emilia: [――――]

At that comment, Emilia blinked, and then, upon Madelyn’s shoulder where her head was leaning onto, she noticed that droplets of water were trickling down and staining it. For a moment, she did not realize what those were, but from Madelyn’s words, she came to an understanding. ――They were tears.

For what, and for whom those tears flowed, was abundantly clear.

Emilia: [I had thought, we could become friends.]

Madelyn: [――――]

Emilia: [I ended up getting along with Anastasia-san… and could also make proper conversation with Felt-chan and Crusch-san, so I thought that Priscilla would surely be the most stubborn… I finally got to a point where I could chat with her, with Priscilla, so I thought that from here on, even more…]

Madelyn: [――――]

Emilia: [I thought that, I could come to like Priscilla. I wanted to like her.]

As if catching up to her falling tears, her words began to well up with emotion.

While she had always been bold, while she had sometimes been quite mean, while she had worn an expression that seemed to know everything for reasons Emilia did not understand, she was the owner of a truly kind heart.

Priscilla, who had displayed many faces of such good and bad aspects, was a person Emilia wished to have dearer thoughts of. Spanning a long time, she had wanted to nurture such feelings.

As such feelings of regret and lament spilled out of Emilia――,

Madelyn: [This dragon will――]

Emilia: [Eh?]

Madelyn: [This dragon, will friggin’ protect it for you.]

Suddenly, Madelyn caressed the head of Emilia, who was shedding tears upon her shoulder, and spoke thus. At those words, Emilia was taken aback, her eyes still moist.

As the sides of their faces were touching, they could not see the other’s faces. Emilia’s face was a teary one, but what sort of expression was Madelyn making?

Without her expression being seen, Madelyn continued.

Madelyn: [The Empire, is the friggin’ country Balleroy protected. This dragon, has a friggin’ reason to protect this land. ――The reason for your tears, also lived and died for the sake of this country. Then…]

Emilia: […Then?]

Madelyn: [This dragon, will friggin’ protect it with them. Unlike humans, that should be no friggin’ challenge whatsoever for this dragon.]

Emilia had come to believe that it was always crucial to look each other in the eye when having important conversations. That was the absolutely fundamental rule when having an important conversation.

However, at this time, Emilia thought that it was for the best that she, with her teary face, and Madelyn, who was boldly declaring those words, were in a situation where they could not see the face of the other.

There were definitely valuable, important words that could not be said if one was looking into another’s face.

There were definitely words that could only be conveyed because one was not looking into the recipient’s face, and that seemed to be precisely why Madelyn was able to say the words she had just said.

Emilia: [――Mm. Reaaally, thank you.]

Madelyn: [Things just happened to friggin’ align. I didn’t do it to friggin’ be told thanks.]

Emilia: [Yes. But, I still want to say it. Thank you, Madelyn.]

At Emilia’s repeated declaration of gratitude, Madelyn could be heard snorting her nose.

Whether that was because she truly found it irritating, or if it was to hide her abashment, was something Emilia could not tell due to not seeing her face. Such joy could also be found in conversations where the other party’s face could not be seen.

The opportunity to cherish such childish things, resided with herself.

And then――,

Emilia: [――Oh, look over there, Madelyn!]

Madelyn: [Ugh!?]

Then, a deep and important emotion welled up in her heart.

Upon catching sight of a small figure walking along the path directly opposite the fortress, Emilia had been so surprised that she grabbed Madelyn by the horns and turned her head in the same direction.

Ignoring Madelyn’s cries, Emilia’s consciousness was drawn towards the figure. ――It was a small boy with pink hair, Priscilla’s servant, Schult.

Emilia: [Schult-kun…]

When she caught sight of him, Emilia felt a tight, painful knot in her chest.

Priscilla’s death had devastated Emilia, as she had been envisioning a future with her. However, the grief of those who had loved Priscilla dearly would be beyond compare.

Even though she knew that comparing one’s sorrows and misfortunes with those of another would only make her feel lonelier.

Emilia: [――Hk.]

Madelyn: [Hey! You!]

As soon as she realized this, Emilia kicked off the floor and started running towards the corridor, where she could see Schult. Madelyn’s panicked voice called out to her from behind, but Emilia did not stop.

Without a moment’s hesitation, Emilia ran through the fortress and turned down the opposite corridor,

Emilia: [Schult-kun!]

Schult: [――Emily-sama, is that you?]

Schult turned around, his small, thin shoulders trembling at Emilia’s powerful voice.

Emilia could not help but gasp as she faced the young boy directly. He had neat, clean-cut clothes, and his fluffy pink hair was well-groomed. However, even so, the redness of his eyes and the fatigue in his tired, pale expression could not be hidden.

However, instead of crying in his room, he decided to go outside.

Emilia: [You came outside. That’s reaaally…]

Emilia wondered whether she should continue the sentence with the words “amazing” or “great” after that.

She rushed over, unable to sit still, but struggled to choose the right words to say. What was it that Schult needed right now: sympathy, encouragement, or――,

Schult: [There is no need for you to apologize to me, Emily-sama.]

Emilia: [――Ah.]

Schult: [Emily-sama, you have fulfilled your promise.]

When Schult, having lowered the corners of his eyes, murmured as he hung his head, Emilia began regretting her attitude.

Schult saw through Emilia’s indecision and hesitation to apologize. ――Before the battle against the Great Disaster, Emilia had promised Schult that she would definitely bring Priscilla back and let him be reunited with her.

Emilia had not been able to do that. It was Priscilla herself who had fulfilled that promise.

But for that, she must not apologize. If she did, everything that Schult had worked hard for and the words that Priscilla had said to him would all be a lie.

???: [Em, don’t be so down .]

Emilia: […So Utakata-chan was together with Schult-kun.]

Suddenly, Emilia noticed the presence of a girl peering up from below―― Utakata, who had appeared beside the two of them.

She was the same age as Schult and a close friend, and it seemed that she did not stay with the other Shudraqians, but rather with Schult.

In response to Emilia’s words, Utakata nodded slightly.

Utakata: [Mii and Taa are busy . Suu and Ah look like they’re in trouble . The only one who can stay with Shuu is Uu.]

Emilia: [Yes, I see. Thank you for not leaving Schult-kun alone.]

Utakata: [You’re welcome , Em.]

When Utakata thrust her fist out at Emilia, she noticed that her gesture reminded her of one Subaru had made, so Emilia made sure to match her fist with the one that was being held out to her.

Then, Emilia turned to face Schult again and,

Emilia: [Aren’t you supposed to be resting in your room?]

Schult: […I have already had enough rest. By nature, I am small and weak, so I have hardly done any work at all… So now, I want to do lots of things.]

Utakata: [Shuu is working very hard . Puu’s soul will surely be at peace .]

Schult: [Yes.]

Emilia: [――――]

Emilia was surprised that Utakata had said that so naturally, and that Schult had nodded in agreement.

Utakata then tilted her head and asked, “What’s wrong ?” to the surprised Emilia,

Utakata: [Life goes in circles , whether it’s prey , people , enemies or allies . That’s how Uu and the others think . Uu’s mother , and Shuu’s Puu, too, go in circles . I’m sure they do .]

Emilia: […What happens after going around in circles like that?]

Utakata: [They’ll be reborn . In a different form , as prey , as a person , as an enemy , as an ally , or as something else entirely . But that’s how it is .]

The souls of the dead were said to cycle through the world and then return again.

Emilia found this way of thinking hard to understand. However, it felt better than the idea that once someone died, everything simply ended.

When a person died, the Od that was in their body would depart, and be dissolved into the Mana of the world. Even if that was the case in reality, if there were to still be a form or a trace of that person left while the Od dissolved, then.

Emilia: [――Would that be… the Books of the Dead?]

As she thought back, Emilia remembered that she had experienced for herself the proof of what Utakata had told her.

Inside Pleiades Watchtower, in the library housing the Books of the Dead, which recorded the memories of the dead, the traces of many people from this world were firmly preserved. The fact that these could be preserved was proof that time had been set aside by someone to transcribe them into books from the souls of those who had departed.

Emilia: [――――]

For the first time, Emilia felt a strong fixation towards the Books of the Dead.

Unlike the time when Subaru’s memories had disappeared inside that tower, this was a fixation towards the Books of the Dead themselves, in the truest sense of the word.

Emilia also had people who had parted ways with her that she would never forget. ――People like Fortuna, Juice, and others she would never be able to see again, even if the ice melted in the Great Forest of Elior. [1]

Although it was sad to say goodbye to Fortuna and the others, it had been a definite ending.

That was what made Emilia harbor such fixation, the sorrow of not being able to overcome that grief.

If possible, she would like to know what she was thinking in her final moments, and whether she was hoping to see the same things as Emilia in the future beyond that lighthearted chat―― had she not spoken to Madelyn.

The parting with Priscilla, the proper way to deal with that hard to swallow reality, if they were not given time to worry over those things, she would have surely thought so.

Schult: [I was found by Priscilla-sama. Priscilla-sama chose me.]

Emilia: [Schult-kun…]

As he faced the silent Emilia, Schult tensed his cheeks and slowly lifted his bowed face, while speaking haltingly, but with a certain passion.

The boy continued, his round eyes welling up with tears.

Schult: [Priscilla-sama, truly loved beautiful and marvelous things. That, Priscilla-sama, chose me… if I were to be worthless, I would disgrace Priscilla-sama’s name…!]

Emilia: [――――]

Schult: [I cannot allow that.]

Indeed, Emilia’s eyes widened at how Schult answered with all the strength he could muster.

Perhaps it was an illusion, or a mistake in perception. For just a brief moment, she felt as if a dazzling light had appeared in Schult’s eyes.

It was the same as what Priscilla, who lived like a flame, made her feel.

――That was the moment Emilia felt that Schult had defined his own life.

From this point on, Schult would probably face many hardships in life. But, Schult would not give up, or be discouraged or intimidated.

His reason for that not to happen, that flame he kept close, he decided to nurture in his heart and use it as fuel so that his energy might never wane.

Emilia: [There are still so many things I can’t do by myself, and even though I’m studying as hard as I can, there are still so many things I don’t know.]

Schult: [Emily-sama?]

Emilia: [I know it’s reaaally selfish of me to say this, because even now and into the future, I’m the kind of person who will always rely on everyone around me to make up for my shortcomings, to support me, and to help me. But, let me say it anyway.]

Schult: [――――]

Emilia: [I will continue to lend my support to you, Schult-kun. I, will definitely stand by you.]

Emilia placed her hand on her chest and told the little boy directly.

Whether or not she had kept her promise to bring Priscilla back, pitying him who lost someone so important, this was Emilia’s resolution after discarding all such reasons.

It was a sign that she wanted to support Schult’s attitude and way of being.

Schult: […Thank you, Emily-sama.]

For a moment, Schult took some time to consider Emilia’s words, before slightly relaxing his lips and replying.

Despite the fact that Emilia had made a self-serving promise, she was glad that she had said it, even if that response made her feel like she had to apologize to Roswaal and Otto later.

Emilia: [Thank goodness you said that. I have to tell the others about this… are Al and Reinhard’s father around?]

In reality, now that Priscilla was gone, the immediate issue was what would happen to the Barielle Domain in the Kingdom of Lugunica. However, it would be difficult to fully discuss this while in the Vollachian Empire.

Especially Al, who, like Subaru, had been present to witness Priscilla disappear.

Emilia: [――Subaru.]

Uttering Subaru’s name, Emilia found it very frustrating that she had her hands full.

Before Emilia and the others reunited in the Empire, Subaru and Rem had already made contact with Priscilla, and as they had spent time together that Emilia and the others did not know about, they must have been hurt more than Emilia.

In truth, she wanted to stay by their side, even if it meant enduring her own pain and sadness.

Emilia: [But, now that I’m finally ready, after talking about this…]

Subaru and Rem, two people who had also suffered heartache; she could talk things over with them.

As Emilia made up her mind, Schult continued, “Well”,

Schult: [Al-sama is still in his room. And as for Heinkel-sama, we had just gone to get him some water…]

Saying that, Schult looked over to Utakata who stood by his side, as she held an empty water jug. It seemed like they were planning to head straight to Heinkel after filling it up.

They had come to quite a long pause by having this conversation, so Emilia was about to go back to attending to her original plans, and just when she was about to open her mouth to declare so――,

???: [―― Oh, ah .]

Suddenly, hearing a low groan from within the passage, Emilia lifted her head. Then, meeting the eyes of an unthinkable person, she blinked in surprise.

Present there, was someone who had just come up as the topic of conversation a moment prior――,

Schult: [Heinkel-sama! Have you decided to come outside!?]

In a loud voice Schult called out, the one to whom he had exclaimed being Heinkel, his red hair disheveled, the stubble on his face unkempt. In all likelihood, he had not been keeping himself well-groomed ever since that , and had been in a state of exhaustion since the battle against the Great Disaster had ended.

He had horrible dark circles around his eyes, and it was apparent that he had not been sleeping. Only, those sunken blue irises housed an odd glint as he looked towards them―― nay, towards Emilia.

Schult: [I will bring you some water immediately, so…]

Heinkel: [E-Emilia-sama…!]

While he said that, Schult admirably attempted to support Heinkel’s staggering body. But, without even looking at Schult, Heinkel had called out Emilia’s name.

Frowning at his attitude, Emilia nodded with a “Yes”,

Emilia: [Hey, you look quite pale. As Schult said, you should drink some water and rest. If you aren’t eating either, I can go bring you some food…]

Heinkel: [No, no, none of that stuff matters… No, it really doesn’t matter. More importantly, Emilia-sama, there’s something I’d like to discuss!]

Emilia: [――Hk.]

In an attempt to have him calm down, Emilia tried to touch Heinkel’s shoulder, but as she did so, Heinkel grabbed her hand. She was startled by the strength of his grip, and Heinkel brought his face close to Emilia as her throat clogged up.

Then, as his eyes, the same blue hue as Reinhard’s, greatly wavered,

Heinkel: [Won’t you let me… would you not allow me to humbly serve you, Emilia-sama? No matter what! No matter what, I will be of great use to you in the Royal Selection…!]

Emilia: [W-what are you saying? Saying that so suddenly… aren’t you a servant of Priscilla?]

Heinkel: [I will be useful! I can become a force of deterrence! In order to win the Royal Selection, there’s a competitor that you need to have withdraw no matter what, now isn’t there? As long as they remain, nobody else has a winning chance. But, if you have me, then Reinhard won’t be a problem――]

Emilia: [――Hk.]

Seeing Heinkel’s bloodcurdling state, Emilia was at a loss for words.

Emilia, who had recently begun to think that moving to solve problems before she could think about them was her strong suit, was silenced by Heinkel’s attitude of deluded conviction.

It was a terrible sales pitch for his own horribly inconsistent self―― but, if that was Heinkel’s way of facing the fact that Priscilla had passed away.

Emilia: [I think, it’s reaaally sad…]

Heinkel: [I understand, but it’s the truth! You can’t win against Reinhard if you don’t have me. That’s why Miss Priscilla welcomed me. Yes indeed, the fact that Miss Priscilla did so is a guarantee. Emilia-sama! Let us work together to clear away Miss Priscilla’s regrets!]

Emilia: [――――]

If there was even a sliver of lamentation for Priscilla in those words, Emilia would have listened to him.

But, she felt no such feelings towards Priscilla within Heinkel’s appeal. If they had been present, Schult would have been seen making a sad expression.

Therefore, Emilia bit her lip before Heinkel, and――,

Emilia: [That’s eno――]

Madelyn: [Shut the frig’ up.]

The very next moment, a powerful punch was thrown in front of Emilia, furiously striking the jaw of Heinkel from below, who had been just in front of her. Crying out with a momentary “Koh”, Heinkel fainted and collapsed onto the floor spread-eagled.

The force of that blow had beenenough to separate the head from the body of an average person.

Emilia: [M-Madelyn!?]

Madelyn: [It’s just that this guy here was friggin’ despicable. You shouldn’t friggin’ sympathize with a guy like this.]

Shaking the hand that she had punched Heinkel with, Madelyn spit those words out with displeasure.

After Emilia had hastened to Schult’s side, Madelyn had slowly followed, silently watching the situation unfold, but it seemed that this was where she had run out of patience.

Schult: [Heinkel-sama! Heinkel-sama! Are you alright!?]

Madelyn: [Don’t friggin’ wail like that. It’s aggravating, but this friggin’ human won’t die even if this dragon hits him at full strength. I just friggin’ knocked him out.]

As Schult leaped at the passed-out Heinkel and worried over him, Madelyn spoke. But, even if she said that, it was natural to worry over that level of force.

However, it was not as though Emilia did not understand why Madelyn had done such a thing.

Emilia: [Madelyn, I’m…]

Madelyn: [This dragon will friggin’ protect the Empire. However, I don’t intend to friggin’ protect things other than that. Hurry up and take that friggin’ good-for-nothing human back home with you. There won’t be a friggin’ next time.]

Emilia: […Mm, got it.]

Emilia understood that Madelyn’s words, spoken with her anger stifled, were her way of coming to a compromise. Thus, Emilia crouched down beside Schult, and looked at the fallen Heinkel.

His jaw had been struck with such vigor as to have him completely lose consciousness, so Emilia softly put her hand on his head.

Emilia: [I’m not very skilled at this, but I’ll provide a little treatment before you go to the healing room…]

Activating her healing magic, she took care to make sure that there would not be any after-effects from Madelyn’s blow. Next to Emilia as she did that, as Schult worried over Heinkel,

Schult: [Um, Emily-sama… Heinkel-sama, um, he worked very hard indeed.]

Emilia: [Schult-kun…]

Schult: [Heinkel-sama, he is also mourning what happened to Priscilla-sama. It seems he had some sort of agreement with Priscilla-sama, and, well, he was always trying his absolute hardest…]

Emilia: [Mm, don’t worry. It’s alright.]

Schult: […And, indeed.]

As Schult bowed and cast his gaze downward, Emilia did her best to smile. Even if just a little bit, it would be good if that could serve as some consolation or encouragement for Schult.

Then, as Utakata, carrying the water jug atop her head, looked with wide eyes at Emilia as she healed Heinkel,

Utakata: [Em, you’re so admirable .]

At the calm words uttered by Utakata, Emilia slightly gasped. They were just the impressions spoken by a young girl without any conjecture―― and they caused Emilia to realize.

She was no longer just another person mourning Priscilla’s death, but she had gained the qualifications to be there for others who were also mourning Priscilla’s death.

And, even though that was something she had wanted so desperately when considering Subaru and Rem――,

Emilia: [――Priscilla, you dunderhead.]

The time of Emilia merely looking back on her extremely mean-spirited friend had come to an end, and to the extent that it made her body tremble from the inside, it was a lonely, fleeting moment.

Translation notes:

[1] You may be wondering, considering Petelgeuse is translated as it is, why is the nickname used by Fortuna, Emilia, Beatrice and Echidna translated as “Juice” and not “Geuse”? That would be because there is an intentional difference in the Japanese. The “Geuse” in Petelgeuse is written “ギウス”, whereas the nickname translated as “Juice” is written “ジュース”, which also happens to be the transliteration of the English word “juice”.

--- Chapter 5: Nine Hundred and Thirty-One Hits ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――An unusual atmosphere enveloped the rooftop of the great fortress, which stood out with a noticeably strong presence within the Fortified City of Garkla where the aftereffects of the fierce battle with the Great Disaster lingered.

The rooftop had been designed to accommodate a significant number of soldiers for archery in times of emergency, but having such a large number of people―― having over a hundred present at once was beyond any initial expectations.

The sight of these robust men huddling together suggested that they could possibly be subject to some kind of punishment, potentially imposing a gloomy atmosphere both inside and out. However, there was no such sense of despair in their actual expressions; their faces carried a serious and earnest light.

And beyond the gazes of the men numbering over a hundred, there was a vast, open space.

And, in that space――,

???: [――Pthu!]

Was a black-haired boy spitting out the blood that had collected in his mouth onto the floor, its sound wet.

His face was smeared with blood from his nose, his eyelids were swollen, his head was swaying unsteadily back and forth, and his body was in such a battered state that one could tell at a glance the severity of his injuries. It was a wonder that he could even stand, but the boy put his hands on his knees, stepped hard on the ground once more, and looked up.

――A blow smashed squarely into his face, right across the nose, sending the boy flying backward in the most spectacular manner thus far.

Fly and fly he did, then rolled, ending up sprawled out on the ground.

Exhausted, with his arms and legs flung out, it was clear that he could not stand up due to the accumulated damage――,

Boy: [Not… Yet…]

However, what came to betray that perception was none other than the boy sprawled out on the floor.

Slowly sitting up and further dirtying his mouth with the fresh nosebleed that flowed out, the boy yet managed to rise to his feet and exhale deeply.

And then――,

Boy: [――Hk!]

The boy was once again violently struck by his opponent’s raised fist.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――This is my way of making amends. So please, don’t interfere.]

Had she not been told that beforehand, she would have rushed out immediately.

However, she suppressed that urge, bit her lip, and respected his feelings. That was what Beatrice could do for her partner, Natsuki Subaru, at this moment.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

The sound of a hard impact echoed, and Subaru’s face was knocked to the side, causing him to groan. He steadied his swaying body and, gritting his teeth, faced forward.

The next punch landed on his nose, making him arch backward. Though he reeled back――,

Subaru: [Not… yet…]

With blood dripping from his nose and his eyes bloodshot, Subaru forced these words out.

Hearing this, the man donning a skeleton tattoo, who had been punching Subaru for more than twenty blows―― Weitz, contorted his fierce face and raised his fist again.

And again, blood splattered from Subaru’s nose as he was hit, staining the rooftop of the great fortress.

This had happened multiple times over the past few days, and had been going on for over an hour just today.

Beatrice: [Subaru…]

At first glance, it seemed like a duel between Subaru and Weitz, but such a one-sided beating could not be called a duel. Standing there, Subaru continued to take Weitz’s punches head-on.

And Beatrice was―― nay, Beatrice was not the only one watching.

???: [――――]

Over a hundred people had gathered around the rooftop of the great fortress.

They were all members of the Pleiades Battalion, with whom Natsuki Subaru had allied in this Empire, likewise witnesses of this duel.

Indeed, this ritual where Subaru was taking such a one-sided beating was――,

???: [――Sparka.]

The deergirl, Tanza, muttered beside Beatrice, who was gripping the hem of her skirt.

As they watched the same scene, Beatrice felt a terrible sense of irritation looking at Tanza’s profile and her emotionless, dark eyes.

Because it felt like she was being implicitly told that Tanza understood the feelings of Subaru, who had taken on the ritual called Sparka, better than Beatrice did.

Because, after all,

Beatrice: […Betty doesn’t understand why Subaru has to do this, in fact.]

Subaru had voluntarily imposed this ritual of one-sided beatings on himself.

Being asked to witness it as his way of making amends, Beatrice could only stand there, enduring the pain in her chest, wanting to at least fulfill his wish.

――The death of Priscilla Barielle had become a wound for many who knew her.

Those for whom the wound turned out to be shallow suffered because of the very shallowness of their wound, while conversely, those who had been deeply and painfully gouged were preoccupied with tending to their bleeding and painful wounds.

And sadly, Beatrice was the former, while Subaru was undoubtedly the latter.

Beatrice: [――――]

When starting this Sparka, Subaru had declared that this was to make amends.

Subaru, who had met the gladiators with a shrunken body due to “infantilization”, had lied about his true identity, hiding and deceiving them using the course of events and the calculation of gathering allies as reasons, thus dragging them into the center of this conflict.

Considering the fierceness of that battle and the significant role the Battalion had played, without it, the damage might have been greater, or the Fortified City might have fallen.

So, for the end of saving the Empire, Subaru’s judgment and choices had been correct.

It was just that Subaru himself could not forgive it, and thus sought punishment for it――,

???: [Eao…]

On the hand of Beatrice which was gripping her skirt, a small hand was placed.

Upon looking, Beatrice came to notice that the one reaching out her hand was Spica, peering at her with concern. Her large eyes filled with sadness, she anxiously looked at Beatrice, whose hands were painfully clenched.

Beatrice felt pathetic for making even Spica worry about her.

Beatrice and Spica were the only ones present unrelated to the Pleiades Battalion. Beatrice earnestly wished that all of Spica’s concern and worry could be directed toward Subaru instead.

Beatrice: [I’m sorry, I suppose. Spica, your――]

???: [――Oh my. I stopped by because I was wondering why there were so many figures on the rooftop, and it turns out it’s Boss’s Sparka? Despite appearances, he’s quite diligent, isn’t he? To get beaten up every single day.]

Beatrice: [――――]

Just as Beatrice squeezed Spica’s hand back, a person with a nonchalant voice and demeanor casually put a foot on the rooftop fence, showing his face at the Sparka scene.

He made it seem as if it were as easy as skipping most of a staircase with a jump, but hopping up to the rooftop of a near hundred-meter tall fortress was no easy feat. But then again, for the kimono -clad swordsman―― for the Blue Lightning, Cecilus Segmunt, such common sense did not seem to apply.

Tanza: [Cecilus-sama.]

Balancing himself on one leg atop the fence, Cecilus made a visor with his hand as he gazed over the Sparka, and hearing Tanza’s call, he gave a gentle smile,

Cecilus: [Hello hello, Tanza-san. It’s a somewhat fresh and odd feeling for the line of my gaze to differ from Tanza-san’s like this, isn’t it? This current form of mine is the original standard and the child form that I’d had until now was just a temporary state; but since my acquaintance with Tanza-san was longer in that form so it feels quite strange now don’t you think?]

Tanza: [Indeed. Even if the height of your body’s line of sight has changed, the height of your mind’s gaze remains the same, so to be quite frank, my impression of you is quite unchanged.]

Cecilus: [Hahahaha, nice joke !]

Clapping his hands and smiling at Tanza’s blunt response, Cecilus proceeded to shift his gaze towards Beatrice. Receiving those blue eyes, Beatrice frowned, and then,

Cecilus: [ Boss’s partner looks to be quite discontent.]

Beatrice: […A matter of course, in fact. There’s no need for Subaru to do this sort of thing, I suppose.]

Cecilus: [Let’s stop talking about whether it’s necessary or not. If we were to switch over to an extreme conversation regarding the value of life or lack thereof, it’s quite possible it could become a conversation that’s not the slightest bit tasteful. Even if this may not be necessary, there is a reason behind it. Even if it can’t be found within yourself, it’s certainly within Boss .]

Beatrice: [――――]

Cecilus: [Well in reality I do think he’s taking it far too seriously. All this to whole-heartedly apologize and gain the forgiveness of all the members of the Battalion who he continued to deceive all the way from the Gladiator Island. That said, the members of the Battalion are all hot-headed gladiators, so this ended up being a suitable method.]

Yapping away fluently at full speed, Cecilus ultimately pointed at the worn-out Subaru.

It was odious, but there was nothing incorrect in what Cecilus had pointed out. ――As he said, Subaru making amends by being punched repeatedly by Weitz was atonement towards the Pleiades Battalion.

The members of the Pleiades Battalion, nine hundred and thirty-one people―― in total, a purification via nine hundred and thirty-one punches.

By embarking on that endeavor under Weitz, who was serving as the representative of the Battalion, this was the rite Subaru had levied upon himself to satisfy the members of the Battalion; it was Sparka.

Cecilus: [Regardless of being split over several days, it’s still nine-hundred hits, isn’t it? If struck that many times, even I’d die. Though, to begin with, I’ve never even considered a situation in which I’d be punched in a defenseless state, so it feels a bit like the premise would never come to fruition… How far along is he now?]

Tanza: [The total over all the days so far is two hundred and fifty-six hits.]

Cecilus: [I see I see… It’s so far away that I might faint!]

Hearing the total count thus far from Tanza, Cecilus declared so without malice.

One might have wanted to speak out against his flippancy, but doing so would result in a meaningless competition. Giving up on rebutting him, Beatrice gripped Spica’s hand, and focused her worry on Subaru.

For the duration of this Sparka, Subaru had forbidden Beatrice from using healing magic on him.

Therefore, she had been heightening her Mana so that as soon as today’s Sparka was over, she could rush over to him as fast as possible and heal his wounds.

???: [Cecilus.]

In Beatrice’s stead as she thought so, a weighty, stern voice called Cecilus’s name.

Folding his four burly arms, as the large man who wore a frightening expression―― as Gustav, looked towards Cecilus, who was standing atop the fence, and the scenery behind him,

Gustav: [I do not know if I have the jurisdiction to ask about this in my capacity, but what of General First-Class Arakiya?]

Cecilus: [It’s not really something that I need to keep a secret from you, Gustav-san. The seat of the governor of the Gladiator Island will soon be entrusted to somebody else while you’ll be taking up an important post in the Imperial Capital, isn’t that so? So that should mean you’ll have the chance to meet me every once in a while, since I also generally live in the Imperial Capital. Well, right now the Imperial Capital is in that condition so it’s a bit of a problem to say whether I live there or not, but…]

Gustav: [――――]

Cecilus: [Oya, how rude of me, we were talking about Anya, right? ――As before, she’s still having difficulty maintaining the balance between her mind and body. Even at the best of times, she’s taken in an enormous Spirit that puts her slender body on the verge of bursting. A steady heart’s absolutely essential in order to exorcize that, but since the princess sister who propped her up passed away, she’s been quite unmanageable.]

Gustav: [I can only imagine the heartache and pains. However, the duty which only you are capable of fulfilling is tied to the survival of the Empire. Not only the hopes of me, in my capacity, but the hopes of all citizens of the Empire are being placed upon you.]

Cecilus: [What are you saying, Gustav-san? It’s a tad unpleasant.]

Gustav: [Mh…]

Cecilus: [I’m the leading actor of this world, y’know? Bearing the hopes of somebody, as well as of the entire Empire, is an everyday occurrence for me. ――It’s a matter involving Anya, I’m not gonna cut corners.]

Cecilus was composed as he responded so, but the difficulty of what he had just so casually described was exemplified in a visible format.

――Engraved behind Cecilus, upon the vast wasteland beyond the western rampart visible from the roof of the fortress, were vestiges of a natural disaster that had just occurred.

It was evidence of Cecilus, who had come here wearing a nonchalant expression, suppressing the emission of power from Arakiya to prevent her from exploding, since she had taken in the extraordinary power of a Great Spirit enlisted among the Four Greats.

If left unattended, the swell of power was capable of becoming a second Great Disaster. Having said that, it was difficult for those shallow of heart to remain near Arakiya in her current state.

Therefore, even if the Empire was searched far and wide for that great duty, none but Cecilus would be capable of performing it.

Cecilus: [Regardless of whether it’s desired of them or not, people won’t stop in their tracks. The only people allowed to come to a stop are those who are dead, and the living have no choice but to keep moving forward. At their roots, Anya’s hardship and the struggle of Boss’s purification are the same. They may be painful to witness, but they ought to be welcomed.]

Beatrice: [You’re speaking like it’s somebody else’s problem, in fact.]

Cecilus: [Somebody else’s problem is quite the boorish way of putting it. It’s a matter of this being Boss’s duty, and his climax. Having said that… I guess this is as far as he goes for today.]

Closing one eye, Cecilus muttered in response to Beatrice.

At his words, Beatrice gasped an “Eh”, and as she snapped back around, Weitz’s fist simultaneously knocked Subaru down to the ground.

Weitz: [Haa… Haa… It’s over… Hk.]

While breathing heavily, Weitz lowered the blood-stained fist that had punched Subaru. To those words, the unconscious Subaru gave no response.

Exclaiming “Subaru!”, Beatrice rushed to Subaru’s side, and began to activate healing magic with great haste. Once Weitz made sure of that, he began to turn around, but,

Beatrice: [Wait, I suppose. I will treat your hand as well, in fact.]

Weitz: [Ain’t no need… Prioritize Schwartz over me…]

Beatrice: [I cannot do that, I suppose. Spica.]

Hearing the call, Spica cut around in front of Weitz, and spread her arms open with an “Uu”.

As Weitz could not push Spica out of his way, Beatrice activated healing magic without a moment’s delay; at the sensation of his wounds gradually being healed, Weitz turned around and glared at her.

But, even if he was a man whose skeleton tattoos gave off a fiendish impression, the pained contortions of his face were of no intimidation to the Great Spirit Beatrice.

???: [O-oi, Tanza, how many hits is he at now?]

Tanza: [Two-hundred-and-fifty-eight hits, Hiain-sama.]

???: [So… six-hundred-and-seventy-three remaining…? Still a long way to go, huh.]

Present beside Beatrice and the others, the lizardman enquiring to Tanza with a quavering voice was Hiain. At his question, Tanza informed him of the count, and the bearded Idra shook his head in gloom.

Then, Hiain looked over the surroundings with a “Hey”,

Hiain: [I mean, ain’t it enough already? He’s taken this damn much, and we’ve all fully understood his feelings.]

Weitz: [Go off ‘n mumble that nonsense in yer sleep, lizard bastard…! If I was just gonna quit halfway, then why the fuck do ya think I undertook this duty…!]

Hiain: [Whaddya mean “why”, ain’t’cha the one who’s most worn out over all this? I-I haven’t gone that far!]

Extending his long tongue, Hiain’s voice quavered, and a vein began to bulge out on Weitz’s forehead. However, as he tried to press Hiain, Tanza stopped him, saying “You are undergoing treatment”.

Instead, Idra took a deep breath and looked towards Hiain.

Idra: [To be frank, I agree with your point. Certainly, I was shocked by the reveal of Schwartz’s identity, and I did feel somewhat deceived, but…]

Weitz: [Schwartz rescued all of us from the Island… What else do ya fucking need…!]

Hiain: [T-then, then nobody wants to do it! So then why…]

Gustav: [That is because it is something called for by Natsuki Schwartz―― nay, by Natsuki Subaru himself. So long as Tanza or the contracted spirit do not put a stop to it, I approve of this conduct, as the official.]

As Gustav interjected into the conversation between Idra, Weitz, and Hiain, his words weighty and stern; the gladiators in the surroundings each responded with gestures and words that were close in their sense of heat.

Of course, among them were likely people who were enraged and unable to forgive Subaru’s conduct, but――,

Spica: [Uau…]

Crouched down opposite Beatrice, Spica was worriedly looking at Subaru with his swollen face and languid demeanor.

If one could look at the state of those girls, and at the figure of Subaru pitifully throwing himself into atonement, without thinking anything of it, they would not have even been able to enlist in the Pleiades Battalion to begin with.

Tanza: [Right now, it is necessary for Schwartz-sama. He needs to prove to himself that he has not come to a standstill. Even if that happens to be through pain.]

At Tanza’s comment, a conclusion was given to the problem initially raised by Hiain.

Receiving that, Weitz clenched the fist that had been healed by Beatrice, and,

Weitz: [I’m gonna continue… Even if it breaks my fist, I’ll follow him for the remaining six-hundred punches…!]

Cecilus: [Wonderful, how truly wonderful. That’s precisely how you’re supposed to use your time in the spotlight, Weitz-san.]

Weitz: [――――]

Cecilus: [Huh? What’s with this odd atmosphere?]

For a moment, everybody present widened their eyes at Cecilus’s interjection. Weitz, who had been especially caught off guard, stared at Cecilus, and,

Weitz: [I never woulda thought that ya’d remember my name…]

Cecilus: [It certainly is true that I’m quite forgetful! But, I do at least remember the names of actors who’re worth remembering.]

Weitz: [Hmph…]

Weitz snorted at Cecilus as the latter shrugged his shoulders, and then, once again, looked down at the fallen Subaru. He looked at the face that, while likely overlapping with the impression of the young Subaru seared into his memories, would still take some time to clearly fully merge together.

And then――,

Weitz: [I leave the rest to ya…]

With those words, Weitz departed from the rooftop with large strides. Following him, the other men, as well as Idra, who was dragging the reluctant Hiain along with him, also exited from the rooftop.

Finally, Gustav nodded at Beatrice and the rest who still remained there, and,

Gustav: [In my capacity, I shall also be on my way. Natsuki Subaru… In the end, the name Schwartz feels more fitting. I entrust him to you.]

Beatrice: [That goes without saying, in fact. Only, you ought to remember, I suppose.]

Gustav: [And what might that be?]

Beatrice: [If Subaru is Schwartz to you, then he won’t be upset if you keep calling him that, in fact. There’s no need for the special nickname between you all to be lost out of unnecessary concern, I suppose.]

Gustav: [――You have my thanks.]

Giving a deep nod, Gustav slowly departed.

With that, the gladiators who had been ascertaining the Sparka simultaneously took their leave, and Beatrice breathed a sigh upon the rooftop that had instantly become deserted. Then, glancing up at the kimono -clad girl to her side,

Beatrice: [It’s fine for you to also go along with that bunch, in fact.]

Tanza: [Even without your concern, I am quite fine as is. Unlike everybody else, it is no strange matter for me to remain here.]

Beatrice: [――. You also have the worry regarding your master, I suppose. She’s also suffering, in fact.]

Tanza: [――――]

That comment had not been made in the vein of sarcasm or harassment, but for a moment, Beatrice regretted that it had ultimately ended up coming across that way.

The comment had caused Tanza’s cheeks to slightly stiffen; her master, Yorna Mishigure, was one of the people who had sustained a grave wound at the death of Priscilla―― through an absurd binding on her soul, among many reincarnations, a past version of herself had been the mother of the deceased Priscilla.

In other words, the parent-child duo of Yorna and Priscilla, had each experienced complex bereavement.

Tanza: [Thank you for your concern, Beatrice-sama… However, Yorna-sama is fine on her own, that is…]

Beatrice: [――――]

Tanza: [That is, what she said, so――]

As Tanza cast her eyes down, Beatrice realized that she had misjudged her.

Tanza was not satisfied with Yorna’s words. Even so, just like how Beatrice had decided to watch over Subaru’s act of making amends, she had decided to respect Yorna’s wishes.

It would have been difficult for outsiders to surmise Yorna’s emotions while insisting that she would be alright by herself. ――However, Beatrice felt like she understood at least a part of it.

Though different from reincarnation, amidst the long time Beatrice had lived, she had seen many lives pass on. Before Subaru had taken her out of the Forbidden Library, it was something she had come to instinctively avoid.

Because of that, Beatrice had responded with a very insincere attitude to those who had attempted to face her, something that she had now regretted. Unlike Beatrice, who had never learned from that, Yorna might have come to know and learn that through her own experiences.

Even so――,

Subaru: […Ugh.]

Spica: [Uau!]

Subaru: [ Spi… ca…? Ah, huh, I’m…]

Suddenly, Subaru’s eyelids quivered, and his black eyes slowly opened. Spica’s eyes lit up upon observing this and pounced on him, causing Subaru to blink several times in response.

Seeing this, Beatrice sighed, noting that his memories before he fainted seemed to be missing,

Beatrice: [Those guys aren’t here anymore, I suppose. I’m in the middle of casting healing magic, in fact.]

Subaru: [Ah, ahhh, right! I see, yeah, I’m so~ sorry! My bad, Beako, I always end up making you worry! I really am useless without you!]

Finally understanding Beatrice’s explanation, Subaru slapped his face with both hands. As the sound echoed, Subaru sprang up to his feet.

However, his momentum caused him to nearly stumble forward――,

Spica: [Uuuh!]

Subaru: [Oops, sorry, Spica… Thanks for being a witness. You did a good job, not rushing in. I thought you would punch Weitz without thinking. Now that I think about it, it was quite a tightrope walk.]

Spica: [Auuu, uau.]

Subaru: [The real danger was Tanza? Now that you mention it, that’s true! Tanza cares a lot about me. From that perspective, Weitz could’ve been in real trouble.]

As he spoke, Subaru took Spica’s hand, who had supported him when he nearly fell, and began to dance with her on the spot.

Although the swelling on his face had reduced considerably thanks to the healing magic, his lips were still cut, and his slightly swollen eyes were still a concern for Beatrice, who would have liked to continue treating him a little longer.

Tanza: [My honor is at stake, so please do not make such arbitrary comments, Natsuki Subaru-sama.]

With a sigh, Tanza prodded Subaru, who was dancing with Spica. Subaru made a sour face and replied,

Subaru: [Haven’t your words become thornier since I returned to my original size? And it actually stings quite a bit when you call me something other than Schwartz-sama, so please stop.]

Tanza: [I apologize, Natsuki Subaru-sama. Natsuki Subaru-sama is a guest from the Kingdom, so I cannot afford to be disrespectful, Natsuki Subaru-sama.]

Subaru: [Tanzaaa~]

Subaru, holding Spica, looked saddened by Tanza’s distant response. ――Beatrice found it hard to watch his overly cheerful demeanor, which was meant to hide his true feelings.

Seeking to make amends to the Pleiades Battalion, Subaru would act cheerfully in front of Beatrice and his close companions. It was likely all to avoid worrying those around him, but――,

Beatrice: […It might be counterproductive, I suppose.]

Trying to be cheerful when he wanted to cry and making everyone laugh when he was hurting.

Beatrice loved that aspect of Subaru, but only when his sadness and pain didn’t exceed his tolerance.

No one should bottle up their need to cry or their pain like this.

Subaru: [Beako? Why the cute face?]

Beatrice: [――. Betty is always cute, in fact. More importantly, since the treatment is still ongoing, why don’t you sit still, I suppose?]

Subaru: [I’d like to say I don’t want to trouble you… but I need to be in tip-top shape, and I haven’t even climbed half the mountain yet. Alright, bring it on!]

Nodding, Subaru sat down cross-legged with Spica on his lap, his face full of determination.

Beatrice resumed her healing magic on Subaru, glancing at Tanza, who only shook her head silently.

She too was unsure of what to say to Subaru.

Then――,

Cecilus: [ Boss , Boss , can I have a moment?]

Cecilus, who had been watching the proceedings, called out to Subaru without any regard for the tension among those concerned about him.

Hearing him, Subaru looked up at Cecilus perched on the fence,

Subaru: [Oh, if it isn’t big Ceci. You’ve seriously just grown bigger without looking awkward at all.]

Cecilus: [I could say the same for you, Boss , but your growth has only made your fierce eyes look more prominent. It was cute when you were looking young, but now it’s simply a deadly weapon.]

Subaru: [You say whatever you want… You’re alone? She’s not with you?]

Cecilus: [If you mean Anya, she’s lying in a crater . Thanks to the Stone’s power, she became incredibly tough, so I had to suppress her a hundred times or so. She won’t be getting up anytime soon. But more importantly…]

As he spoke, Cecilus jumped off the fence and landed in front of Subaru. Greeting him, Subaru and Spica tilted their heads at the same angle.

Seeing their reactions, Cecilus grinned――,

Cecilus: [You’re heading back to the Kingdom soon, right? Before that, how about showing us a good punch to His Excellency’s face?]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [So, I took Boss here to see His Excellency! Boss was so excited about wanting to beat up His Excellency all the way back at Gladiator Island so I wanted to be present to witness it!]

???: [Be gone at once.]

Cecilus raised his hand and smiled as he entered, but Vincent, busy with his affairs, dismissed him while looking down at his paperwork.

It was a natural response for the busy Emperor, but Cecilus, perhaps the most stubborn man in the Empire, would not back down regardless.

He pouted his lips in dissatisfaction with a “Eh~”, proudly sitting his behind on the Emperor’s desk while the latter was working,

Cecilus: [Don’t you think you’re working too much? Of course I understand that the work of military officers is to be done in emergencies whereas the work of civilian officers is to be done in emergencies and non-emergencies alike with no breaks!]

Vincent: [So you intend to persuade me? If I were to take you up on your sweet talk, what would you expect me to do as I excuse myself from my work?]

Cecilus: [Please let Boss beat you up!]

Vincent: [Be gone at once.]

Cecilus: [Boo~! His Excellency is a workaholic! Don’t you think so, Most Honorable Empress Consort?]

???: [Meee?]

At Vincent’s curt answer, Cecilus, leaning back on the desk, called for reinforcements. The one who responded to his call was Medium, who was playing with Spica on the office’s couch.

She brushed Spica’s long blonde hair as she groaned, “Mmmm”,

Medium: [I also think that Abel-chin’s working too much, but I know that the work he’s doing is important, so I can’t say much. Also, I don’t wanna see Abel-chin and Subaru-chin fighting.]

Cecilus: [It wouldn’t be a fight so much as a one-sided beating of His Excellency… isn’t that Sparka in a sense!?]

Vincent: [Remove your rear at once.]

Cecilus clenched his fists, his excitement brimming over. Vincent closed one eye, sighing as he tried to pull out the papers lying under Cecilus’s behind.

Then, turning his black eyes towards the entrance of the room,

Vincent: [You, how long do you intend to stand there? You are an eyesore.]

???: [Geh… that’s, well…]

Medium: [Subaru-chin, bring Beatrice-chan and come sit in front of me!]

Subaru, invited by Vincent’s cold voice and Medium’s contrasting warm voice, awkwardly sat down on a couch in front of Medium, in the middle of the room. Beatrice, holding Subaru’s hand, sat down with him, and Medium gently placed a cup of tea on the table.

Medium: [Heeere you go, coarse tea.]

Vincent: [Albeit temporary, this still is my office. You, are you serving coarse tea to the Emperor?]

Medium: [Big bro taught me that it’s all about courtesy! I dunno anything about etiquette myself, so I’m just trying my best to be polite~!]

Saying this, Medium poured another cup of tea for Vincent, who had one on his desk as well. Vincent did not particularly complain about the rising steam, and Beatrice was able to confirm by her own taste that there was nothing wrong with the tea she had brewed.

Next to Beatrice, Subaru frowned as he began,

Subaru: [Man, how should I put it, Abel and Medium-san are really going to be a married couple.]

Medium: [Eek!]

Subaru: [What was that squeal just now?]

Medium: [Umm, umm~, I’m still a little embarrassed by how that sounds.]

Medium’s face flushed and she gave a small whine, but Beatrice could see that although she was confused about the situation she found herself in, she did not reject it wholeheartedly.

In all honesty, Beatrice was not very familiar with Vincent’s personality.

However, since Subaru had been lambasting him so often, paradoxically, he was likely someone like Otto or Julius, both of whom had many commendable aspects.

Beatrice: [Otherwise, I wouldn’t feel comfortable leaving Medium in your care, in fact.]

Subaru: [That’s true. Flop-san being tempted by money and status is so unlike him.]

Cecilus: [Oh dear, they’re really dissing you, Your Excellency. It sounds like Boss ‘s saying there’s nothing good about you besides your position, honor, and wealth as the Emperor of Vollachia.]

Vincent: [Are you all trying to anger me and stop my work, thereby destroying the Empire?]

If so, it had to be said that their efforts were succeeding.

With so many interruptions and physical hindrances to his paperwork, Vincent had no choice but to halt progress on his tasks.

Then, giving up on retrieving the documents from under Cecilus’s rear end, Vincent instead fixed his dark eyes sharply on Subaru,

Vincent: [I have heard of your repeated eccentric behavior with the escaped prisoners from the Gladiator Island under the pretext of making amends.]

Subaru: […I thought you’d say it was pointless. But calling them escaped prisoners doesn’t sit right with me. All of them are…]

Vincent: [They were sent to Ginunhive for a reason. They are considered escaped prisoners, and rightfully so. They took advantage of the Empire’s chaos to break out and wield their military power to wreak havoc.]

Subaru: [So, what do you plan to do with them?]

Subaru stiffened his cheeks at Vincent’s threatening words and glared back at him. For a moment, a sharp tension filled the space between them.

However, Medium cut through their stares with a hand chop, telling them to stop,

Medium: [Abel-chin, if you say something mean like that, Subaru-chin will misunderstand.]

Vincent: [――. The escaped prisoners from the Island shall be granted amnesty for their hard work regarding this incident. This was also petitioned by Gustav Morello, governor of the Gladiator Island.]

Prompted by Medium, Vincent quietly announced the fate of the Pleiades Battalion.

The sudden crisis of the Battalion―― initially brought up by Vincent, was directly handled by the latter, leading to intense emotional fluctuations.

Subaru, trembling with anger, glared at Vincent,

Subaru: [Y-you sure enjoy toying with people over already resolved issues…!]

Cecilus: [Ah, I feel you, I feel you deeply! His Excellency has that tendency. Now that I think about it, Chisha also used to do such mean things often. Is this just something that intelligent people commonly do?]

Beatrice: [Speaking of resolved issues, you spoke of getting back at the Emperor, Cecilus, but Subaru has already handled that on his own a while ago, I suppose.]

Cecilus: [Whaaat!?]

Cecilus’s voice cracked, and Beatrice stuck out her tongue in response. It felt refreshing to finally break his arrogant pace.

However, Cecilus then pondered,

Cecilus: [I’ll have to hear the details later to soothe my shock at missing such an interesting event, but now I’m curious. If that’s the case, why did you let me bring you to His Excellency, Boss ? You could’ve just brushed me off like Tanza-san did, so why?]

Subaru: [Well…]

In response to Cecilus’s question, Subaru hesitated to answer, glancing at Vincent.

Even without seeing his reaction, Beatrice could tell what Subaru was thinking. Over the past few days, Subaru had been actively interacting with Beatrice and the Pleiades Battalion, but there were a few people he could not bring himself to face.

――Vincent, Yorna, and the members of the Priscilla Camp.

Given Subaru’s excessive sense of responsibility, it was only natural that he would feel this way about them. However, Subaru did not think it was acceptable to leave things as they were.

Therefore, it was convenient for him to be brought here by Cecilus under the pretense of being forced to.

Because this way――,

Vincent: [You’ve finally shown yourself before me… No, before me .]

Subaru: [Abel…]

Subaru’s dilemma, his hesitation, and his various emotions.

They were apparently all too clear to Vincent Vollachia, known as the Wise Emperor. Subaru was certainly overwhelmed by his sharp gaze.

However, funneling strength into the hand he had linked with Beatrice’s, Subaru resolved himself to clash directly against that pressure, and opened his mouth.

Subaru: [Abel, I’m sor――]

Vincent: [――A moment ago, you had chastised me over bringing up a resolved issue.]

Subaru: [Huh…]

Vincent: [But, if you were to ask me, it is you who continues to touch upon resolved issues.]

After having the wind knocked out of his sails, Subaru blinked upon being told thus.

For a moment, he struggled to comprehend the meaning behind those words. However, the instant he understood them, Subaru’s expression underwent a sudden upheaval.

It became a jumble of anger and sorrow; to be precise, it was fury.

Subaru: [A resolved issue… What, what the hell do you think you’re saying!?]

Vincent: [Currently, that is the bulk of the problem that weighs upon you. If such is the case for your atonement towards the gladiators, then the same applies to your attitude concerning myself and Yorna Mishigure. More than anything――]

Subaru: [STOP!!]

As Vincent attempted to continue, Subaru stood up from the sofa, and tried to fiercely approach him to make him cease his words.

But, in front of Subaru as he tried to do so, a third party intervened. ――It was Cecilus.

Having removed his buttocks from the desk, he stepped in front of Subaru as the latter tried to approach the Vollachian Emperor, and hindered his advance.

Subaru: [Don’t get in my way, Ceci! Didn’t you want to see me punch Abel!?]

Cecilus: [Indeed yes, that’s right. But that was a matter of wanting to see a Sparka between Boss and His Excellency, I’m not interested in seeing a dull, impulsive match .]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Both had returned to their original heights, and they confronted each other in positions that were no longer that of children.

But, in this standoff between Subaru and Cecilus, Beatrice did not experience her usual feeling of wanting to take Subaru’s side. Rather, she supported Cecilus―― no, she supported Vincent, who met Subaru head-on with words that he needed to hear.

His phrasing was nothing but harsh, and even though there were plenty of other ways to put it, deliberately choosing words that went along with blood and pain was loathsome, but――,

Vincent: [――Priscilla’s death, is already a matter of the past.]

Subaru: [ABEL――!!]

At that assertion, Subaru’s voice became potent with rage, and he glared at Vincent. But, receiving the gaze from beyond Cecilus, Vincent made not even the slightest of movements.

The ones to stiffen their expressions at Subaru’s pitifulness, were those of the female faction, Beatrice, Spica, and Medium.

Subaru: [Priscilla was your… She was your sister, wasn’t she? And yet, you’re…]

Vincent: [Indeed. She was my sister. Clever and impudent since our younger years, she ultimately lost her life without ever having remedied those aspects of her personality… Just like Chisha’s, Priscilla’s loss has certainly borne a wound within myself. I shan’t hide it.]

Slowly shaking his head, Vincent placed his hand over his chest as he spilled those words.

Thereupon, behind his pride as Emperor, it was clear that Vincent had concealed his own worry towards his sister, and anguish regarding her passing.

Subaru lamented the fact that he had yielded such things within Vincent, and that was exactly why he had not shown his face until now, not knowing what he ought to say.

However――,

Vincent: [――This is something that belongs to me. There is no room for your involvement.]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [They are things between me and Priscilla. Do you seek the right to place your fingers upon even that?]

Subaru: [N-no… That’s, that’s wrong. That isn’t the case. It isn’t the case, but…]

At Vincent’s eloquence, Subaru’s anger was doused as if with water, and, unable to find the right words to say, his gaze began to wander.

As Subaru did so, Vincent still did not halt his speech.

Likely, that was a questioning that could not have taken form without the time cultivated between Subaru and Vincent within the Empire, time unbeknownst to Beatrice and the others.

Vincent quietly continued with the following. That was――,

Vincent: [Natsuki Subaru. ――In the end, what words did Priscilla speak to you?]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [If they were words of malediction, then I shall undertake that which was left within you. However, if that is not so… then, they are the fruits of the relationship between you and Priscilla.]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [Take the parting gift bestowed onto you by my sister, and make it into your very flesh and blood. ――That, is the resolution to the issue.]

What words ought he to say? What ought he do to atone?

Such various questions and misgivings, the impatience of being unable to remain at a standstill, and the self-punishing thoughts of needing to suffer were the foundation of Subaru’s actions over these past few days.

And, Vincent declared that the very genesis of that foundation was conflicting.

Subaru: [Priscilla, said…]

Vincent: [She said?]

Subaru: […She said, that I was a true Knight.]

Vincent: [In that case, that is the entirety of what Priscilla has bestowed upon you. ――It was a great service, Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: [――――]

At that phrase, Subaru’s expression crumbled.

The expression dominated by indignation and sorrow was washed away, and sprouting out from behind were emotions of vigor akin to water ceaselessly overflowing from a boiling pot.

Emotions that he had deliberately not been facing ever since the dawn in which he had witnessed Priscilla’s death.

Beatrice: [Subaru…]

Subaru: [ Bea… trice… I’m, I’m…]

Beatrice: [It’s alright, in fact. Betty fully… Betty and Emilia, and everybody else fully understand, I suppose.]

Nestling close to Subaru’s side as he stood stock still, Beatrice grabbed him by the hand and nodded. At Beatrice’s words, Subaru could not bear the overflowing tears as his face contorted.

And then at last, for the first time since that morning, Beatrice was confident that her voice had finally reached Subaru.

Beatrice: [I’m sorry, in fact.]

Suddenly, immediately after witnessing Subaru fall to his knees.

The kneeling Subaru embraced Beatrice from the front. At the frail strength of that clinging embrace, Beatrice gently hugged Subaru in return.

Cecilus: [――Now it may be different than punching His Excellency but with this I got to see a fine climax.]

Beatrice: [Some things are better left unsaid, I suppose.]

Cecilus: [Apologies.]

After speaking that unnecessary comment, Cecilus made a gesture of shutting his mouth with his finger, and winked. In the back, Medium, who was hugging Spica, was moved by Subaru’s tears and also began to cry.

Then, as Subaru buried his face into Beatrice’s chest as he sobbed, he was unable to see something that Beatrice witnessed.

Vincent: [――――]

The figure of the Vollachian Emperor, who had caused Subaru to collapse, wearing a slightly pleased look on his face.

Beatrice, who had only been acquainted with him for a short while, also understood. ――This was a face that Vincent Vollachia, known as the Wise Emperor, seldom showed to anybody.

Esteeming the person who shed tears in his stead during his dearest sister’s final moments, such was the kind of expression it was.

--- Chapter 6: Departure ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――With those blue eyes, they came to witness numerous choices.

Born from an empty, barren space, that ego was drawn towards a splendent light. Basking in that warmth, it slowly began to outline the shape of its own form.

Initially pushed aside, an innate tenderness prevented them from being kept away, and gradually, their presence came to be tolerated.

Before long, rather than being merely tolerated, a hand was proactively extended to them. Now recognized as a new being, they were bestowed with a new name.

Rejection and compromise, conflict and acceptance, trust and reliance, then permission and forgiveness――.

He came to make numerous choices.

Countless choices, innumerable choices, limitless choices, each were a product of his very own will. And sometimes from up close, sometimes from far away, sometimes transcending all physical and spiritual distances, they bore witness to it all.

Not all of those choices, however, led him to the place of his longing.

Even then, he did everything in his power in order to continue choosing.

With nothing and no one to rely on, they looked at that figure as their example. Even if the culmination of their strenuous efforts were to lead them to a sorrowful outcome, they would continue moving forward.

What was so strange about admiring that likeness and way of being?

――They, too, must make their own choices.

His rejection and compromise, his conflict and acceptance, his trust and reliance, as well as his permission and forgiveness, as someone fortunate enough to have experienced those things, they wanted to walk the same path.

Be it errors or grave mistakes, this body had committed far too many of them.

Not to mask, cover, forget, or overlook these everlasting scars, but to ensure that they would remember them.

Not for the purpose of being right, but trusting in that desire to be righteous, the very same way he chose his path.

In order to ensure that his―― that Natsuki Subaru’s decision to choose them might not become a mistake.

???: [――Never did I expect you to be the one who had requested a conversation with me.]

Not a physical, but an emotional strain was required to push that door open. On the other side, a man with raven-black hair sat at an imposing desk, sifting through a large stack of papers, and spoke those words.

With those sharp, black eyes, he too had made many choices, and it was by choosing the one path he could amongst many that he now held his current position.

All of it was the result of the man’s own choices.

And thus――,

Black-Haired Man: [As you can see, I am busy. That… Medium O’Connell spoke on your behalf, which is why I have taken some time, but I cannot spare much more. If there is something you desire, I shall provide it if it is commensurate with your efforts. However――]

Cutting off his words there, the man looked up from the stack of papers towards them. Many thoughts and ideas ran through the pitch-black eyes of the wise ruler.

And so, fixedly staring through the one who stood at the door, he opened his thin lips, and,

Black-Haired Man: [I have no words to offer regarding his current state. I cannot make any effort to visit him, nor should I. ――That is, unless it is what you wish for.]

Being asked that, they shook their head.

There was something they wanted to ask of the man in front of them, but it did not concern the one he spoke of directly.

There was most likely nothing they could do for him at that moment. The same went for the others around him. Therefore, their reason for having come here lay somewhere else.

Certainly, he would have chosen to stand up once again.

That they came here was in preparation for when he would stand up again.

So that when he chose to rise up, they too would be in a position to make a proper choice――,

Black-Haired Man: [Then, what is it that you desire?]

Being stared at by the man’s black eyes, they met that gaze with their own blue eyes, and paused for a moment.

Most likely, within this vast Empire, those who witnessed the most of his choices were their own blue eyes, that kind girl’s pale-blue eyes, and the black eyes of the man before them.

Hence, they spoke to him, who understood the weight of choice.

And――,

???: [――Uu!]

Thus, that life born from an empty ego, set forth to make a choice of her own.

△▼△▼△▼△

――On the day that Subaru and the rest of the Emilia Camp were to depart from the Vollachian Empire, it had been raining since morning in Vollachia, which usually had endlessly long stretches of sunny days.

Subaru: [Really, I hate the Vollachian Empire…]

Seeing the climate of the Empire, which could not even send them off in high spirits, Subaru’s lips spilled that out, unable to grow accustomed to this country from start to end.

But then again, though he hated the Vollachian Empire, the people he had encountered in this country had not been so bad.

Rather, that could have been called the worst aspect of the time he had spent in this country, but――.

???: [Husband-kun, I truly am indebted to you! Please, be well in the Kingdom too!]

Subaru: [What are you saying, Flop-san? I’m the one who’s indebted to you, and even now that debt continues to increase. I haven’t even done a single thing to return the favor…]

Flop: [Hahaha, you mustn’t say such foolish things. Just how much fortune do you think my sister and I shared thanks to the things you did for us, Husband-kun? Both Medium and I have found spouses. It’s a matter of great celebration!]

Saying that, Flop firmly struck his own slim chest.

While Subaru was busy losing heart, Flop had displayed his manliness by magnificently succeeding in courting Taritta, so Subaru found himself feeling a mix of surprise and respect.

Since Taritta, who originally was only attracted to good looks like her older sister, Mizelda, seemed to have been charmed by Flop’s humanity, Subaru was glad to hear that everything had come together quite well.

Towards both Flop and Taritta, Subaru was naught but thankful.

Flop: [Husband-kun, you have my gratitude.]

Subaru: [――――]

Even so, being embraced by Flop from the front, Subaru’s breath was taken away. As Subaru unconsciously tensed his body, Flop spoke in his usual tone―― no, in a voice filled with more emotion than usual,

Flop: [That day, when you appeared before me and Medium, carrying Wife-san as she was seated, I thought it was an unbelievably fateful encounter. And, it appears I wasn’t mistaken. Under a distant sky, I’ll be wishing happiness upon you and the people who are precious to you.]

Subaru: [Ah…]

Flop: [If you ever come to the Empire again, I want you to contact me whenever. Conversely, if I ever happen to go to the Kingdom, I’ll definitely be counting on you! I’d absolutely love to get your help!]

After letting go of Subaru’s body, Flop O’Connell smiled as he always did, radiating as brightly as the rays of the midday sun.

From their very first encounter to this farewell, his presence, which had not once lost its cheerfulness, caused Subaru’s heart to tremble greatly.

The first person he had met in the Vollachian Empire was the veiled Emperor, followed by the People of Shudraq, who had continued to fight alongside them across the whole journey. ――However, the people that Natsuki Subaru had been most blessed to encounter within the Vollachian Empire were undoubtedly the O’Connell siblings, Flop and Medium.

He now truly felt that once again, very, very strongly――,

Subaru: [――Yeah, I’m thankful to you as well, Flop-san! I love you!]

Including his highest tier of gratitude within the Vollachian Empire, Subaru responded with a smile.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: […I think you should stop saying “I love you” to everyone so lightly. It makes everything you say seem frivolous.]

Subaru: [No, I don’t say it to just anyone. Only to those I truly love.]

???: [Is that so? To Emilia-san and Beatrice-chan too?]

Subaru: [I tell it to Beako morning, noon, and night, but it’s a little harder to say to Emilia-tan… ah, but I might’ve said it to Nee-sama.]

???: [Hah?]

Subaru: [Sorry, that was in the heat of the moment, but I meant it.]

With her light-blue eyes glaring sharply at him, Subaru shrank back, apologizing profusely.

Despite having just shared a tearful farewell with Flop, the sudden shift was jarring. Nonetheless, Subaru managed to keep his eyes dry, even after the emotional goodbye to his friend.

Subaru: [A man can’t cry that easily… A man can only cry in front of others three times in his life.]

???: [Is that so?]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right… Hmm? Shouldn’t you be asking what those three times are?]

???: [Your expression seemed like you were begging to be asked, which was unpleasant…]

Subaru: [Isn’t that a bit too harsh!?]

Subaru raised his voice in protest at the extreme statement, prompting Rem to sigh. Yet, despite this casual banter with Rem, Subaru felt a sense of relief.

For the past few days, the tension between Subaru, Rem, and their companions had been palpable, largely due to Subaru’s issues. He had probably, most likely, undoubtedly caused them considerable worry, so he was determined to change his attitude and make amends through his actions moving forward.

Subaru: [How about you, Rem? Did you have a proper conversation with Katya-san?]

Rem: [I can’t say it went perfectly… but yes. She said she’ll send letters. I’d like to send one as well, but I’m not sure what to write.]

Subaru: [It’s a letter to a friend, right? I guess maybe something along the lines of updating each other on your current situations, asking “How are you doing?” and stuff like that. But I’ve never exchanged letters with friends myself, so I’m not sure.]

Rem: [Would something so trivial be okay?]

Subaru: [I think so, yeah.]

Subaru answered Rem’s uncertainty, brazenly imagining Katya’s thoughts.

She was Todd’s fiancée, and as someone who had witnessed his final moments, Subaru had not had the chance to properly sit down and talk with Katya. Even so, Katya had stayed with Rem after her kidnapping and became her friend, and for that, Subaru felt nothing but gratitude and goodwill toward her.

Subaru believed that what Katya expected from her correspondence with Rem was not for some exciting dramatic stories to be shared.

Subaru: [What’s important is the proof that you’re connected, that you care about each other. I think what’s crucial is conveying that even if you’re not within arm’s reach, you still have a place in a corner of each other’s minds.]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [D-did that sound weird or creepy?]

Rem: [――No. For once, I actually agree with you.]

Rem slowly shook her head in response to Subaru’s hesitant question. Then, with a soft smile, she continued,

Rem: [As you said, it’s not something to be anxious about. If I were in Katya-san’s position, I wouldn’t expect anything special from her letters. Just knowing that her letter reached me would be enough.]

Subaru: [Exactly.]

Rem’s reply and nod made Subaru smile back at her and give her a thumbs-up. Although Rem ignored that gesture, she walked beside Subaru without any sign of discomfort.

Considering how their new relationship in the Empire had started, this dramatic change was nothing short of miraculous.

Subaru: [――――]

And so, having said their respective goodbyes, Subaru and Rem walked side by side toward their destination―― there too, someone awaited with whom they had to exchange farewells.

The one with whom Subaru and Rem both needed to talk was――,

Subaru: [――Spica.]

Spica: [Uau! Eu!]

Spica turned around at the call, her face lighting up as she saw them. Her golden hair, tied up behind her head to look like a tail, swayed as she fiercely sprinted toward Subaru and Rem.

Subaru spread his arms wide to catch her, ready to embrace her――,

Rem: [Whoa.]

Subaru: […Huh, you went to her?!]

Next to Subaru, who had struck out, Rem caught Spica as she leapt into her arms.

“Eu,” Spica cooed, rubbing her cheek against Rem. At first, Rem was surprised, but she then smiled warmly, stroking Spica’s head in response to the affectionate gesture.

Watching the two, Subaru sighed and clasped his hands behind his head.

Subaru: [You’re still clinging to Rem, huh? If I did the same thing, I’m sure I’d get a really nasty look from Rem.]

Rem: [Hah? Why are you suddenly stating the obvious?]

Subaru: [See? This is what I’m talking about! Spica, help me out here!]

Spica: [Uu, uu! Au, aau!]

Subaru: [See, even Spica is giving me that look… wait, is she angry at me? Spica, are you siding with Rem? I’m all alone here!]

Still clinging to Rem’s waist, Spica glared sharply at Subaru. Seeing this, Subaru slumped his shoulders, and Rem was astonished, wondering what he was doing.

Subaru could not help but scratch his head and feel oddly reassured by the interaction between Rem and Spica.

Subaru: [――――]

Thinking back, the tumultuous days in the Vollachian Empire had begun with Subaru, Rem, and Spica.

Up to this point, they had walked alongside one another with a rock-paper-scissors-like power balance where Subaru was weak to Rem, Rem was weak to Spica, and Spica was weak to Subaru.

The relationship between the three of them had changed shape before they knew it, and today would mark yet another change.

After all――,

Subaru: [You don’t want to be separated from Rem, do you? Why don’t you forget about staying in the Empire and come back to the Kingdom with us?]

Spica: [Uu!]

Subaru: [Oh, so you’ve finally come around! Yeah, I agree! The Empire sucks!]

Rem: [She’s shaking her head. Please don’t try to twist Spica-chan’s will.]

Rem glared at Subaru with narrowed eyes, making him stiffen his cheeks and go silent. Spica, resting her back against Rem, nodded vigorously with a serious look on her face.

Her expression made it clear that she had no intention of changing her mind.

It was a decision that Subaru found incredibly difficult to accept.

――Spica had decided to stay in the Vollachian Empire.

She would part ways with Subaru and the others returning to the Kingdom, remaining in the Empire to fulfill a certain duty.

This was the plan that Spica had discussed with those around her and ultimately chose as her path moving forward, during the time when Subaru had been engrossed in the Pleiades Battalion’s Sparka.

Subaru: [You want to stay in Vollachia and send all the undead revived by the Great Disaster back to Od Lagna through Star Eating… The idea itself is something I want to support, I truly do.]

Countless undead had been resurrected by the Witch, Sphinx, and utilized as the spearhead of the Great Disaster.

Even after the Great Disaster had ended, those who had not been destroyed had fled, yet remaining within the Empire. Spica had decided that it was her duty to completely devour every last one of those undead.

However――,

Subaru: [Unlike before, the undead can’t revive infinitely anymore. Even without Star Eating, defeating them should be enough to get rid of them. You don’t have to do this, Spica.]

Spica: [Aa, au. Uu! Uu, uu!]

Subaru: [Then the souls used to resurrect the dead won’t return to where they belong, you say? Well… I suppose you intuitively understand that better than I do, but are you sure about this?]

Spica: [Uu!]

Subaru tried to persuade her, but Spica firmly nodded, her face showing her unshakable resolve.

They had gone through this exchange nearly ten times already, with Subaru trying every possible approach to change Spica’s mind, but he had yet to achieve the result he desired.

What frustrated Subaru was that Abel, who had been consulted about Spica’s decision, took advantage of the fact that Subaru had his hands full with the Sparka and had managed to completely convince her.

Of course, even if Subaru had been consulted during his narrow-minded state, he doubted he could have engaged in a positive and constructive discussion for Spica’s sake.

But still――,

Subaru: [I can’t stand it… I can’t stand how he always gets everything to go his way behind the scenes.]

Rem: [I don’t think it’s fair to make it sound like everything is Abel-san’s fault. This is Spica-chan’s decision, and she first consulted Medium-san about it.]

Subaru: [I know! I know, but still, it’s hard not to feel frustrated…!]

Rem slowly shook her head at Subaru, who could only speak from an emotional standpoint.

However, Rem’s expression also could not hide the loneliness she felt, as she too, just like Subaru, had been one of those deeply involved in discussing Spica’s future with her.

It might have sounded presumptuous to say this, but Spica had become a significant part of the current Rem, whose Memories had yet to return. In truth, separating from Spica was likely much harder for her than for him.

And yet――,

Rem: [Why is it okay for you and me to act on our own thoughts and desires, but not for Spica-chan…? She’s been worrying about us all this time.]

Subaru: [Rem…]

Gently stroking Spica’s head, Rem showed respect for the girl’s significant decision.

Unlike Subaru, who could not accept it, she had already made up her mind to see Spica off properly. He admired her resolve, and he understood Rem’s point of view, of course.

Subaru: [But, it’s still painful…]

Even if he was told he was a poor sport, a sore loser, overprotective, meddlesome, or creepy, it would not change the fact that it hurt.

Spica’s decision was undeniably impressive, but if Subaru were to be honest, while he wanted the souls of the dead used in the Great Disaster to find peace, he was more concerned about not wanting Spica to do something dangerous.

In his currently heartbroken state of mind, Subaru wished he could put all his loved ones in a box and carry them with him everywhere.

Subaru: [But, neither Spica nor Rem would fit in my box…]

Rem: […Why are you talking about boxes all of a sudden?]

Subaru: [Boxes don’t matter! What’s important right now is Spica, not some boxes. Right?]

Rem: [But you’re the one who talked about boxes… Abel-san is taking this matter seriously too. That’s why he’s going to assign the two strongest people in this country to accompany Spica-chan.]

Subaru: [But Ceci’s just strong and nothing else! He’ll have a bad influence on Spica’s education!]

Subaru loudly insisted that Rem’s rebuttal was not a valid one.

When Spica had decided to embark on a journey to hunt down the undead, Abel had suggested that she be accompanied by Cecilus Segmunt and Arakiya.

Certainly, having such powerful companions would alleviate any concerns about Spica’s safety in situations where combat power would be needed.

Subaru: [But, that’s all. The demerits of their personalities outweigh their strengths, and it feels like Abel just pawned off a problem onto Spica.]

Rem: [You’re overthinking it. Arakiya-san… the Spirit she absorbed was the source of the power to resurrect the dead. According to Abel-san, that gave her the ability to sense where the fleeing undead are hiding…]

Subaru: [I have trauma from Arakiya too! She got me so many times with her water! Ceci, who seems like he can communicate but actually can’t, and Arakiya, who looks like she can’t communicate and really can’t… Now I’m really starting to get anxious! Spica! I can’t let you become a beast tamer――]

Subaru’s words were abruptly cut off.

It was because Spica, who had separated from Rem, suddenly jumped into Subaru’s chest. Caught off-guard, Subaru reflexively caught her light body, and as he looked down, he saw Spica gazing up at him.

And then――,

Spica: [Uau.]

With that single word and Spica’s smile, Subaru found himself unable to continue speaking.

Subaru: […Abel, that fucking bastard. He went and talked things over with Spica while I was busy. He really is a sneaky, dirty scumbag.]

Rem: [That’s going too far. Let’s just say he’s underhanded, cunning, and has some flaws in his personality.]

Subaru: [Hey, isn’t it pretty much what I just said?]

Rem: […It’s not like I want to be separated from Spica-chan, either.]

Subaru complained in a weak, rasping voice filled with resentment, and Rem, hiding the tremble in her own voice, responded.

Realizing that Rem’s feelings of loneliness were being transmitted to him, Subaru swallowed his own weakness. Then, he pulled Spica closer in his arms and, hugging her tightly,

Subaru: [Listen, don’t rely on Abel or Ceci. If you run into trouble, turn to Medium-san and Flop-san. Let them help you write letters, too.]

Spica: [Uu.]

Subaru: [It’s important to have a purpose and a goal, but don’t push yourself too hard. Take it slow, at your own pace. Rushing and doing something reckless is the most dangerous thing. That’s my golden rule.]

Spica: [Aa, uu!]

Subaru: [There’s no strict deadline or fixed date for this. So, neither you nor I can say exactly when, but even so… I’ll be waiting.]

Spica: [Uu uu, eau, aua, aau.]

Subaru: […You’ve decided how to use your power properly. I’m proud of you, Spica. ――I have to learn from you, too.]

He truly, sincerely thought so.

Spica had chosen to use the terrifying Authority of Gluttony correctly, according to her own will. Using that power, she would help heal the deep wounds inflicted upon the Empire.

This was Spica’s way of breaking away from her abhorrent past, from Louis Arneb.

Spica: [――Uau!]

Subaru was not sure if his heartfelt admiration had reached her.

But, Spica quickly spun around, slipped out of Subaru’s arms, and grabbing his hand, started to pull him along. Dragged by her momentum, Subaru was forced to walk.

As she pulled Subaru along, Spica extended her free hand to Rem,

Spica: [Eu!]

Rem: […Yes, Spica-chan.]

Called with a smile, Rem took Spica’s outstretched hand.

With Spica in the middle, holding both Subaru and Rem’s hands, the three of them started walking together. ――Despite all the time they had spent together, they had never walked like this before, side by side.

Honestly, Subaru had not thought such a thing would ever be possible. But, on this last day in the Empire, they were doing it.

Spica: [Uu!]

In high spirits, Spica swayed her body as she leaned on Subaru and Rem’s hands. Over Spica’s head, the gazes of Subaru and Rem met.

And then, out of nowhere, they both burst into laughter.

Subaru: [Pfft.]

Rem: [Hehe.]

Spica: [Aau, uau!]

The three of them, including Spica, laughed as they walked toward the meeting place.

This, was the end of their story in the Vollachia Empire, that the three of them had started together.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――The girl in question shall part with the troublesome title of Sin Archbishop. It ought to be an adequate weight off your shoulders, too.]

Subaru: [You…]

As Subaru, who had been loading the dragon carriage with the luggage, of which there was far too little when considering the number of events that had happened since laboriously rushing all the way to the Empire, patted Patrasche’s neck, His Excellency the Vollachian Emperor declared so with a self-important expression.

After taking the trouble to come out and bid him farewell, the undiminished snideness in his attitude was awe-inspiring.

Subaru: [I’m begging you now, don’t immediately get decapitated by a rebellion and let the government change. I’m tired of running about everywhere in order to save your ass.]

Vincent: [Fool, your efforts are no longer required. You had better return to the Kingdom at once.]

Subaru: [This bastard…]

Vincent: [There ought to be a duty you ought to fulfill. In that, you absolutely must not err.]

Subaru: [――――]

It was a snide remark that Abel spoke as naturally as he breathed, but his words were also pregnant with nuance that was not so terribly meager.

He was a bit worried about whether an Emperor who required such difficult-to-understand subtleties to be picked up on would be able to manage the Empire properly from here on out or not, but――,

Subaru: [Well, I guess you’ll be fine if you have Medium-san and the others.]

Having heard the prophecy of the forthcoming Great Disaster and the would-be lost Emperor, Abel had devoted his official and personal days to that purpose without sparing time for personal affairs.

That warning had come undone, and from here on, Abel would spend his days as Vincent Vollachia, who, for the first time, would be acting as an Emperor who was not tied down by anything, no longer spending his time preparing for the Great Disaster.

At the outset, he might have been at a bit of a loss, but, surely, he would grow to be able to take those in his surroundings into consideration.

As proof of that――,

Vincent: [Regarding the peril on this occasion, that girl shouldered a great duty. In addition, she has promised to endeavor to clear away anguish in the Empire hereafter. ――She shall be bestowed with prestige that rivals her ill repute.]

Subaru: [――――]

Having backed Spica’s decision to remain the Empire, those were Abel’s true intentions.

Their story in the Empire had begun with the trio of Subaru, Rem, and Spica. ――As the first one to have intervened in that story, this was quite a characteristic way for Abel to pay Subaru back.

No matter how many words he exhausted, the fact that Spica’s past self had been the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony would not change, and for that fact, there were many people who would reproach and reject her.

They could not deny people who harbored such negative emotions regarding the matter, nor was it something they should do.

Even so, if the individual girl known as Spica wanted to affirm her existence, to affirm that she lived, if she wanted that to take form, she had no choice but to build it up.

――No choice but to build up a great renown that exceeded her ill repute, such that Spica would be allowed to live as Spica.

Vincent: [Remember this, Natsuki Subaru. The Sword Wolves of the Sacred Vollachian Empire never forget the wounds they bear. Whether those are wounds of abhorrence, or of friendship, this remains true.]

Subaru: [Abel…]

Vincent: [If you have anything to say, have at it. You, and those who share in your path, are equal to the pack of Sword Wolves.]

Through that comment, Subaru felt that Abel―― that Vincent Vollachia, a man who would absolutely never bow to others, nor permit the act of playing up to him, had revealed his heart of hearts.

As Subaru experienced a quiver from the very foundation of his heart at that sensation, Abel nodded,

Vincent: [It was a great service. ――Along your journey, and then from tomorrow onwards, stride forth with firm steps upon the ground.]

Subaru: […You too. Geez, I’m not gonna lend you a hand even if you fall over.]

Vincent: [Fool.]

Upon his mouth, as he spoke ill of Subaru, was present a smile that was certainly distinct from that of ridicule.

Witnessing that――,

Subaru: [――――]

Turning his back, Subaru faced the dragon carriage, and began to tread forth.

As Subaru walked with the gaze of the Emperor upon his back, Emilia and the others awaited him beside the dragon carriage. Gazing at the faces who had shown up to see them off, standing upon the path towards it, at the figures of the Pleiades Battalion who were naturally among them, Subaru slightly gulped down his breath.

Subaru: [――――]

The Sparka that had begun with Subaru’s entreaty, his act of making amends to nine-hundred-and-thirty-one people; despite Subaru pleading that it had yet to be completed with the six-hundred-and-seventy-three hits that still remained, none of them had lent him an ear.

All of them were now lined up here, meeting the gaze of Subaru, who was all bark and no bite――,

Subaru: [――Ah.]

――The lined-up Pleiades Battalion all raised up their arms in succession, and their brusque hands decorated Subaru’s path like a hanamichi .

Understanding the intention behind that, Subaru lifted his face. So as to not let the things welling up in his eyes start to spill out, he endured, endured, endured, endured, and then――,

Subaru: [I love you, all of you!]

That which had caused Rem to get mad at him before, Subaru shouted out again as he broke out into a sprint.

With the many hands reaching out from left and right, Subaru moved to overlap his own hands. With a clap, the sound of hand striking hand rang out, and persisted ceaselessly in quick succession like the sound of rainfall.

It was not just hands clapping against hands; there were also some hands that struck Subaru’s body. Being pushed and jostled and knocked about by those, those who knew Natsuki Schwartz, while likely forgetting about the six-hundred-and-seventy-three hits that remained, assisted in Subaru’s Sparka.

???: [In my capacity, I have enjoyed myself quite a bit.]

Four large, bulky hands clapped him on the back.

???: [Thanks to you, the mere son of a miller got to live the dream!]

With a man who was far more stout and supple than his appearance might suggest, he struck hands.

???: [Goddammit goddammit! Thank ya, Schwartz!]

Against the tail of the lizardman who cried out with trembling tongue and tears in his eyes, he bumped his fist.

???: [Never forget… we’re… we’re your comrades…!]

While passing each other, receiving a powerful fist to the side of his face, he clutched his jaw and nodded with a “Got it!”.

And then――,

???: [――Schwartz-sama.]

Making it through after being jostled about by everybody, he proceeded to the kimono -clad girl who awaited him at the end of it all. Together with Yorna, who was likewise clad in a kimono , they had been waiting for Subaru.

Coming to a halt before those two, Subaru first locked eyes with Yorna.

Subaru: [Yorna-san, thanks for everything. Also…]

Yorna: [You do not need to give any sort of apology. The matter of that girl, is a matter between her and myself.]

Subaru: [――――]

Yorna: [Additionally, you may come visit us at any time. For you, we shall give a warm welcome.]

Seeing the mistress of the Demon City give a gentle smile, Subaru nodded deeply with a “Yeah”.

Then, he once again turned to face the girl standing along with Yorna, Tanza――,

Subaru: [You called me Schwartz-sama again just now, didn’t you?]

Tanza: [――. For me, that is the name I am most accustomed to calling you by.]

Subaru: [For me, too, it just doesn’t feel right unless you call me that.]

A smile emerging on his face, Subaru crouched down before her.

Before, their gazes were at the same height, but now their heights would not align unless he bent his knees like this. Now that they had returned to this height difference, he had wanted to speak to her with the same line of sight.

After all, in the Empire, Tanza was Subaru’s unwavering, indispensable benefactor.

Subaru: [――Next time, without a doubt, we will not lose.]

Tanza: [――? What?]

Subaru: [That’s the magic spell you cast on me. Because I had that, I didn’t give up.]

Blinking her large, round eyes, Tanza searched her own memories for those same words. However, no matter how hard she searched, she would not be able to find them.

After all, the humongous debt of gratitude that Subaru would never be able to repay, no longer existed anywhere outside of Subaru.

That was fine. Whether that had occurred in this reality or not, it was fine.

That unfading gratitude and joy was certainly present within Subaru, therefore――.

Subaru: [I love you, Tanza.]

Tanza: […If you keep going in such a manner, you will most certainly regret it, Schwartz-sama.]

Subaru: [Rem told me something similar. If there had been more time, you two probably would’ve gotten along well… in exchange for that, would I die from your cold stares!?]

Tanza: [Could you not get so fired up like that, and could you not die all on your own…? Besides, I believe that your attitude of treating this like a lifetime farewell will end up strangling you later, Schwartz-sama.]

Subaru: [Hm? What’s that supposed to mean?]

Tanza: [You will find out before long.]

As Subaru tilted his head, Tanza would not tell him the answer.

Only, she lightly clapped her hand against Subaru’s proffered one, and after contributing to the Sparka like her other comrades in the Battalion, tenderly clutching his hand with both of her own,

Tanza: [Thank you for allowing me to stay in your care for a period longer than initially anticipated. Please, be of good health.]

Subaru: [That long valediction, there’s a shorter way to phrase it, you know.]

Tanza: [I will not say it. Please return to your home.]

Parting hands with the cold Tanza, Subaru wryly smiled, and used his hand to give her a pat on the head.

Subaru took the fact that she did not shake him off, and her attitude which left a bit of a mystery, as parting gifts from her.

And then――,

???: [Uu!]

Before him as he turned around, Spica was waiting for him alongside Rem in front of the dragon carriage.

He had already spoken at length about being unable to let her go. Even so, once more, he was about to try to convey his feelings of wanting to take her home with him, but at Spica’s embrace, all of that was obstructed.

Tightly hugging Spica as she pounced on him, Subaru patted her on the head, and then looking up,

Subaru: [I’m really counting on you to take care of Spica, Ceci.]

Cecilus: [ Alright , Boss !]

Hearing this response from the guarantor who, though reliable, caused inexhaustible worry, Subaru ultimately performed the final high-five with him.

After doing so, he turned around.

The faces lined up there, looking over all of them, Subaru took in a large breath.

And then――,

Subaru: [May we someday meet again, everyone! ―― VICTORYYY !!]

Pleiades: [―― VICTORYYY !!]

As Subaru thrust both of his arms to the sky and shouted that aloud, the voices of the Pleiades Battalion resounded.

At that vigor, those who did not know of the Battalion’s customs were greatly perturbed, and conversely, the members of the Battalion laughed and cried very much; that ridiculously noisy scene unfolded.

Vincent: [――To the very end, you remain an enormous fool whose irreverence knows no bounds.]

Indeed, to the extent that the Vollachian Emperor would make a comment, the scene of a ridiculously boisterous farewell, unfolded.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: […I wonder if Spica will be okay. Can she manage without us?]

???: [You’ve been worrying nonstop, I suppose! There’s no need to be so concerned, in fact! That girl is thinking much more clearly than Subaru is right now, I suppose!]

In the dragon carriage on their way back, Subaru rested his chin on his hand and stared out the window, while Beatrice, sitting on his lap, tugged at his cheek and scolded him.

Subaru pursed his lips at Beatrice’s reprimand, but he could not argue back.

In fact, she was right. As Beatrice said, Spica had a more realistic outlook.

Taking her past as a Sin Archbishop seriously, Spica had taken action to shake off that infamous title. Even though it was the sin of another “her” she did not remember.

???: [You treated Spica-chan very coldly for a long time, so she had the chance to understand her position.]

???: [Oh, I see. Although the circumstances were what they were, Barusu is still as narrow-minded as ever, even toward a girl who is so attached to him.]

Subaru: [Ugh…]

Across from them, the Oni sisters were holding hands side by side and delivering scathing remarks with their sharp tongues.

These remarks pointed out Subaru’s past actions, leaving him with no room to argue. While it was heartwarming to see the sisters so in sync, it was hard for him to smile.

???: [Personally, I am reassured by her decision. In the first place, if we were to bring her with us, she would need to be locked in a box for crisis management…]

Subaru: [Is it just me, or does your box seem to serve a different purpose and feel much less comfortable than mine?]

???: [Who knows? Either way, the Empire and the Anastasia Camp are in collusion on this matter… I think this was the best possible outcome.]

???: [I don’t really get the complicated stuff, but if she finishes dealin’ with all the zombies , she’ll be able to come back from the Empire, right? If so, let’s hope she gets it done quickly.]

Garfiel’s straightforward attitude about looking forward to Spica’s return was something Subaru appreciated, especially compared to Otto’s strict realism.

Garfiel probably had his own feelings of dislike toward the Sin Archbishops, but――,

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self also fought Captain ‘n the rest of y’all ‘n tried to kill ya. Like “double-dipping the Vinuere”, it can be a good thing to get a second chance , right?]

Subaru: [You’ve got a big heart. Unlike a certain someone…]

Otto: [Let me tell you, Natsuki-san and Garfiel’s so-called big hearts are more like irresponsibly wide open, if you ask me!]

Subaru and Garfiel bumped fists as Otto yelled in a loud voice.

It had been a while since Subaru had heard Otto’s voice with such energy. Finally free from the heavy responsibility of saving the Empire, Subaru was starting to feel like his old self again.

Of course, that did not mean his worries about his companions, or about being separated from Spica, had lessened in any way, but――,

???: [――We’re in this together, after all.]

Emilia spoke softly to Subaru, who had narrowed his eyes in thought.

When Subaru turned toward the gentle touch of her hand, he found her soft amethyst eyes looking at him with such tenderness that his chest tightened.

No one had asked Subaru.

If he was alright now, if the depression had passed, or any of the usual questions.

He was feeling down, he was hurt, and he did not know if he would ever be okay again. They understood Subaru’s feelings without needing to ask.

Subaru: [Thank you, Emilia. ――For coming to save me.]

Emilia: [Mhm.]

Subaru: [Thank you, everyone. ――For coming to save us.]

Subaru expressed his gratitude to Emilia and everyone else, who had crossed the border and entered the land of carnage that was the Vollachia Empire to help him and the others.

Everyone responded to Subaru’s thanks in their own way――,

Subaru: [――――]

There were some things he had lost.

Things that had slipped through his fingers, disappearing into a place beyond his reach.

It was her way of life, true to herself. Never once did she, or anything else, go as Subaru or anyone else wished. Until the very end, in every possible way.

Maybe that was why, even though he had so many regrets――,

Subaru: [――Right now, I can’t remember anything but your smiling face.]

He mourned her, she who had etched her fearless and prideful self into Subaru’s memories.

That was Natsuki Subaru’s way of mourning her; a mix of heartfelt gratitude and appreciation for the one who had spent her final moments in conversation with him.

And――,

Subaru: [――――]

While blessed with companions who stood by his side, Subaru was concerned about the other dragon carriage heading towards the Kingdom―― the camp of the late Priscilla and those who were left behind.

While Roswaal, who was riding in that carriage, was likely providing consultation regarding the future of the Barielle Domain held by Priscilla, Subaru’s mind was focused on another issue.

That was――,

Subaru: [――Al.]

Al, who had been there during Priscilla’s final moments, holding her until the very end.

While Subaru was engaged in Sparka and Abel was throwing himself into his work to honor his sister’s memory, many tried to fill the void left by Priscilla’s absence. But Al had continuously secluded himself in his room.

He had been so devastated by his loss that it seemed he might simply vanish. Now, he was on his way back to the Kingdom.

The reason Al was returning to the Kingdom was――,

Al: [――Bro, I got a request. I happened to overhear something. About the Sage’s Tower. That in the Tower, the records of the dead could be read, and there’s a book I wanna read.]

Subaru: […Priscilla’s Book of the Dead.]

Subaru felt conflicted. Would obtaining that Book trample upon the wishes of Priscilla, who had departed so nobly?

Yet, having witnessed Al and Priscilla’s farewell and knowing the despair that followed for Al, Subaru wanted to help him.

And so――,

Subaru: [Is it okay if I ask for your help again, Shaula?]

Making the pilgrimage to that Tower at the edge of the sea of sand once more, was the only way Subaru felt he could support Al without relying on Return by Death.

--- Interlude: Katya Aurélie ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The defeat of the Witch, Sphinx, at the Imperial Capital of Lupugana spelled the ultimate downfall of the Great Disaster.

The large-scale implementation of forbidden arts devised by the Witch was interrupted, and the dead who had been brought back to life by that twisted magic were all forced to remain in the land with a limited lifespan.

Those who had been resurrected against their will and forced to submit to the Witch’s plans took the opportunity to turn themselves to dust and return to the whereabouts of the soul, but naturally, there were many who did not choose to do so.

Even if they had lost their lives and had become undead, they were still people of the Empire who knew the law of iron and blood.

Even if they had been revived through means beyond reason, so long as they could once again wield their swords, there would be many determined to uphold their will, regardless of whether they had life or not; indeed, the same fighting spirit was present among the forces surrounding the Fortified City.

However, in reality, the battle surrounding the Fortified City of Garkla was settled almost simultaneously with the conclusion of the Great Disaster, and the undead who had narrowly escaped being destroyed were forced to scatter and flee.

Just why had the hosts of undead abandoned the fight and chosen to flee? ――It was due to the collapse of the front line caused by the absence of their commander, which led to the abandonment of the battle.

The people of the Empire, who did not fear death, would not deem it acceptable to squander their lives in a battle that was sure to be lost, even if they were members of an undead army.

As for why such a situation as the absence of a commander occurred――,

???: [How, how could such a ridiculous turn of events ever come to fruition…!?]

Palladio spat out as he pulled at his own green hair, turning his gaze away from the crumbling formation.

This should have never happened. It should have never happened, but it had. All due to the absurdity that was at work in everything surrounding Palladio.

Given the role of commander of the great army of undead that had been sent to the Fortified City, Palladio sought to fulfill his duties as a respected member of the Vollachian Imperial Family.

However, Palladio’s strategies were constantly thwarted by the common people of the city, and the incompetence of the undead who did not follow orders properly compounded the difficulties, leading to a dire situation.

Of course, he had no intention of giving up. However, the liabilities accumulated through absurdity began to distort, and eventually, Palladio found himself in the unfortunate situation of having to flee.

――Nay, this was no matter of fleeing.

This was an honorable withdrawal, strategic preparation in order to achieve victory. Otherwise, it would not have made sense for someone of the Vollachian Imperial Family, who had borne the blood of the esteemed Evil Eye Tribe, to have been subjected to such a fate.

Palladio: [What the hell is the “Witch of Greed”…!? Is this the ultimate result of all the grandiloquence meant to impress me…!?]

What flashed through Palladio’s mind was the loathsome entity who had first collapsed amidst the accumulated liabilities. It was the anger towards the white-haired Witch who, having joined under Palladio’s command and nearly turning the tide of battle, had irresponsibly abandoned her role and then vanished.

Everything up until her unleashing a decisive move to annihilate the Fortified City by casting a spell to cause a star to fall from the sky had been fine.

However, that had been nullified by interference from the Imperial Capital, and to make matters worse, it was followed by a fierce counterattack from those harboring flames in their eyes.

As far as Palladio’s Evil Eye could see, all the living who had been holed up in the Fortified City―― even the helpless refugees were imbued with flames, carrying weapons, and pushing back the undead.

It had occurred immediately after that. The Witch of Greed vanished into dust without even attempting to resolve the situation.

Witch: [――Ah, yes, that is right. I, am Sphinx…]

In the end, it was infuriating that the Witch, who had disappeared without even glancing back, had left those words behind. Why did the Witch leave with such a satisfied expression?

He could not understand a single thing. On top of that, Palladio was then left at a disadvantage.

Palladio: [Damn it, damn it, damnitdamnitdamnitdamnitdamniiit…!]

While spewing out curses as if he were vomiting blood, Palladio fled the plain and took refuge in the forest.

Around the time the Witch of Greed disappeared, Palladio understood that something unusual had happened to the undead―― they who ought to have been able to resurrect ad nauseam had lost their ability to resurrect, rendering the immortal army non-functional.

Battles had a certain flow to them.

This was true of any battle. Even more so for a major war that would determine the future of the Empire.

Therefore, Palladio, sensing the change in the flow of the battle, immediately abandoned his position, taking only a few attendants with him in order to withdraw from the battlefield and make the best decision to prepare for a second attack.

Therefore, this was not an escape; it was strategic preparation in order to secure victory.

Palladio: [Today, you can go ahead and think you’ve won. Vincent, Prisca…!]

However, that was naught more than a temporary, conceded victory.

In this manner, Palladio would make his getaway, make his comeback, and if he achieved an undeniable victory with his next move, one that could not be overturned by any means, without the help of the Witch, then this fleeting moment would be over.

Next time, next time for sure, he would place the Vollachian Empire under the rule of a rightful Emperor.

For that purpose, Palladio had his Evil Eye.

He, having been bestowed with this eye of the heavens, would definitely assume the seat of Emperor――,

Palladio: [――――]

With that conviction in his heart, Palladio attempted to use the power of his Evil Eye to ascertain the road he ought to take, and then he realized. ――Before he could notice, not even a single member of the entourage that ought to have been accompanying him could be found.

Palladio: [What? Oi, oi!? Where did you all go!? You bastards, did you leave me behind and――]

Disappear somewhere? That rage of Palladio’s was immediately painted over by a sensation akin to being doused with cold water.

For a moment, Palladio had suspected that his entourage might have irreverently abandoned him and fled, but in that case, there was no explanation as to why Palladio’s Evil Eye had not perceived their fleeing backs. In that case, the reason why they had disappeared was plain and simple―― they had died.

Palladio: [――Hk.]

Feeling the sensation of goosebumps on his bloodless, undead body, Palladio promptly drew his Yang Sword. Serving as proof of the Vollachian Imperial Family, it was the destiny of those who possessed the qualifications to become Emperor, manifested in the form of a sword――.

Palladio: [――Ah.]

――The arm that had grasped it was chopped off at the elbow, and Palladio collapsed onto the ground.

Palladio: [W-wh-wha…]

Unable to grasp just what had occurred, all three of his eyes widened.

Immediately after, a shock ran through his remaining arm, causing him to lose both arms that were necessary for holding a sword in an instant. That this was the result of a surprise attack brought about by an axe, Palladio understood.

But, that was the extent of his comprehension; that alone, and naught more.

Palladio: [Why…]

The Evil Eye that made Palladio special, the eye of the heavens, why had it not perceived that surprise attack?

He did not understand, did not understand, did not understand. ――That moment, a possibility suddenly flashed through his mind.

In the past, Palladio had once heard a story.

A story about a foolish race, one that had committed an irredeemable sin, provoking the wrath of the most fearsome Emperor of the Vollachian Empire, causing them to be engraved as beings treated as abhorrent within the law of iron and blood, their existence no longer acknowledged.

Within the Empire, the mere act of living was regarded as a crime warranting death for these repulsive beastpeople――,

Palladio: [――Wai…]

???: [I won’t wait.]

That cold, ruthless impact removed Palladio Manesque from the stage for the rest of eternity.

――That was the decisive blow that caused the hosts of undead surrounding the Fortified City to lose their commander, beckoning the collapse of the front that resulted in the complete and utter defeat of the Great Disaster, hidden on the underside of history.

△▼△▼△▼△

Making the wheels of her wheelchair creak, Katya was overwhelmed by the vastness of the room she had been allotted.

Katya: [Nii-san did say that because he became a special General, even I, as his relative, would receive special treatment, but… this is just too much…]

Looking around the spacious room, Katya’s shoulders slumped at the thought of what was to come.

She had heard that, due to the effects of the Great Disaster and whatnot, it would take a long time for the Imperial Capital, where she had originally resided, to be restored; so, for the time being, the refugees from the Imperial Capital were required to disperse and reside within the Fortified City and the surrounding towns and villages.

Among them, being treated much better than the others, was Katya, her own brother being Jamal who had, through various coincidences, gained a position at the side of the Emperor, Vincent.

However, Katya was not of a disposition that sought a luxurious lifestyle, and although all sorts of luxuries had been prepared for her, she was nothing more than a girl with weak legs and poor sociability, and thus did not possess the confidence to fully revel in them.

That was why, she altogether relinquished most of these privileges.

Katya: [That lot who keep creeping closer bit-by-bit are really annoying…]

To sum it up, the Aurélie family was more or less on the fringes of the Imperial Nobility, and Katya did hold the position of being the daughter of an aristocrat. Their household did employ servants, and she was not reluctant towards being cared for by them; however, unlike before when they were just a declining noble family, Jamal’s current position was quite different.

Perhaps, because of this, many were trying to curry favor with Katya in order to get into Jamal’s good graces.

Because she did not care in the slightest about such trivial assumptions or external factors, the sense of distance between her and Rem was indeed quite comfortable for Katya.

Katya: […Well, there’s no point in talking about a girl who’s no longer here.]

For Katya, who was aware of her own difficult and troublesome personality, Rem, who was surprisingly sharp-tongued and unhesitant to plainly state what people did not want spoken, was a good match. To put it bluntly, she was Katya’s first friend.

Even so, Rem, along with the man and elder sister who had come to retrieve her, had ended up having to return to the Kingdom of Lugunica.

As the day of their parting drew near, unable to bear the sight of her looking so lonely, she had ended up promising to exchange letters with her, but she had not the slightest inkling of what to write in a letter.

Katya: [But, even so, my days don’t have any prospects of changing for the better…]

Only recently had there been turbulence, but otherwise, Katya’s day-to-day was fundamentally flat and monotonous, with nothing special taking place, just time that felt like a slow crawl towards death.

Even if she were to write a letter to Rem in such a situation, she felt like she would not be able to write anything worthwhile. Then, before she could pen down something appropriate, their affection would deplete, the frequency of the letters would diminish, and sooner or later they would completely stop.

Such a pessimistic future, this picture was vividly emergent within Katya’s mind.

Katya: [I can’t, take it anymore… really, I just want to die already…]

As soon as she was by herself, being tormented by an overwhelming feeling of loneliness, Katya’s mood continued to sink.

By nature, Katya was pessimistic about everything, and had a strong tendency to blame herself. Only, she had had someone by her side to hold her back from dwelling upon such things.

Until yesterday, that was Rem, and before that――,

Katya: […Idiot. Truly a stupid, stupid, stupid idiot.]

Gripping the wheels of her wheelchair firmly, Katya softly muttered in detest.

He had rudely stepped into Katya’s world against her wishes, and though she had refused to draw near to him, he had overbearingly pulled her close, and after whispering all sorts of intimacies she had not wanted to hear, had selfishly disappeared.

Being reminded of that complete and utter fool, had become extremely, extremely painful.

Katya: [Ah, no, no, I don’t want to cry…]

Feeling the sensation of something hot slowly welling up behind her eyelids, Katya groaned.

Rather than having to experience such misery, she should have died protecting Rem in the midst of the turmoil of that Great Disaster. If that had happened, although Rem would surely have called her an idiot, she would have remained as a thorn deep within her heart, kept unforgotten.

She would have also averted being disliked even more through clumsily written letters.

Dead people were unfair. For, after death, there was nothing more that could be said against them.

Therefore, Katya refused to tolerate such unfairness, and spoke ill of the dead.

Katya: [Idiot, stupid idiot, stupid, stupid idiot, idiooot…!]

Such attempts at seeking revenge, or venting anger upon them, would only backfire.

To continue speaking ill of someone who had died, so long as one continued speaking ill of them, it would mean none other than the fact that they were continuing to think about that person.

As a result, not only did those tears well up, but even her nose had begun to feel irritated and sting.

Surely, if she were to look into the mirror, an unbelievably clumsy woman with a bad attitude sitting in a wheelchair would be visible.

Katya: [No more… I don’t want to see anyone…]

Blurting that out, Katya spun her wheelchair around and steered it towards the bed.

Although it might have been bad manners, she wanted to collapse onto the bed without undoing the braids in her hair, or changing her clothes, and just lie there until she starved to death. Of course, she was not capable of starving to death. After all, once hungry, she would surely give up on starvation, and eat something while sniffing her runny nose the same as ever.

Even so, being in this kind of mood, the idea of wanting to sob while thinking about someone――,

Katya: [――? Who is it?]

Just as she was about to move her wheelchair towards the bed, there was a knock at the door from outside.

Although she felt like it was bad timing, she was hesitant to ignore it and head for the bed. Presently, everyone was in a difficult situation with delays in communication and problems arising in various places. Katya throwing a trivial tantrum here, might have prevented someone from getting something done on time.

Manifesting the earnestness that was at her core, Katya headed toward the door.

For a moment, she was unsure of what ought to be done, knowing that she must have had a terrible look on her face, but it was truly for just a moment. Not caring about what anyone might think, Katya reached for the door.

And then――,

Katya: [Yes, who is it…?]

Having said this, Katya slowly opened the door, and――,

Katya: [――Ah]

From her slender throat, a weak, raspy breath escaped.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Thank you for your hard work, Escort General Jamal.]

Jamal: [Yeah, you too.]

The Imperial Soldier gave way with a firm salute, and Jamal’s mouth twisted into a smile as he returned the gesture.

The title of “Escort General” that he had been addressed by referred to a special rank of General created specifically for Jamal, who had been recognized for his contributions fighting by the side of Emperor Vincent during the recent great battle. [1]

The role was a prestigious one, serving as Vincent’s personal bodyguard. ――To Jamal, who originally aspired to be a General in pursuit of the Aurélie family’s prosperity, this was a desired position.

Now, Jamal could prove himself superior to those who laughed at him for not knowing his place, and most importantly, he could provide a good life for Katya, who could not survive without the support of those around her.

Katya, who was passive about everything and did not recognize her own worth, would dislike such arrangements by Jamal, but she was still precious family to him, them being a lone brother and sister.

Despite what she might have said, he knew Katya would not be able to refuse.

Jamal: [Damn it, even though she said this kinda meddling from her older brother really wasn’t needed.]

Expressing his frustration, which he had no outlet for, Jamal’s footsteps moved towards Katya.

Ever since Jamal’s promotion to Escort General, Katya, as his relative, had also received treatment that was different from that of ordinary imperial citizens.

For the time being, it was just a temporary residence until the reconstruction of the Imperial Capital progressed, but given the hardships they had been through, he wanted to make sure that Katya lived comfortably without any inconveniences.

The girl who was Katya’s friend, who had been staying with her for a while, had ended up returning to the Kingdom.

Right about now would be a reasonable time for Katya to grieve.

Jamal: [And once she’s done with that, I’ll bring out the booze and meat I’ve been saving.]

With that said, Jamal shook the bottle of liquor and the bag of high-grade meat he had retrieved from the stockpile with his authority as a General, and thought about how to comfort Katya.

Slurping down first-rate alcohol while sinking his teeth into a perfectly grilled thick cut of meat.

That was Jamal’s way of dealing with grief.

Jamal: [Katya, you there? It’s me.]

Knocking on the door, Jamal called out to Katya, who was supposedly in her room.

Katya had a hard time going out on her own and thus spent most of her time holed up in her room unless she had something going on. So, she should have been doing the same at that moment.

However, there was no response from inside the room, and Jamal furrowed his brows in suspicion.

Jamal: [You sleeping or something? Oi, I’m coming in.]

Since it was not unusual for Katya to sulk and sleep like she was dead, Jamal opened the door without worrying and stepped into her room.

In the bedroom, which was still bare without much of a lived-in impression since she had just moved in, Jamal looked around, suspicious of the fact that there was no sign of anyone around.

Jamal: [Katya?]

Sure enough, there were no figures present in the bedroom as he peeked in.

As a matter of fact, Katya could not be found anywhere in the room. And, in the moment that Jamal wondered if he might have missed her going out, which was unusual.

――He noticed a letter that had been placed on the desk in the bedroom.

Jamal: [――――]

The letter, which had initially been outside of his awareness, intensely captured Jamal’s attention. There was nothing strange about the letter itself. What was peculiar was what had been placed next to it.

Present there, still vivid in Jamal’s memories, was a bandana worn by a certain man――.

Jamal: [――Hk.]

He eagerly reached for the letter, tore open the seal messily, and glanced over the contents.

Written there, was the fine handwriting of the weak Katya, accompanied by a strong, contrasting handwriting; a marriage registration.

Jamal: [――That, fucking bastard!]

The moment Jamal realized the intent of the marriage registration, such a curse escaped from his mouth.

Contrary to his harsh words, he could not hide the relief and joy he felt, as well as the complicated feelings of a brother who had his cherished younger sister taken away by an odious friend.

Jamal: [Ha, hahaha, HAAAHAHAHAHA!!]

To top it all off, Jamal put his palm to his face and started laughing hysterically in front of the letter. He laughed, and laughed, and laughed so much that tears streamed from the eye covered by his eyepatch.

That it was one of the few times tears of blessing were shed in an Empire that had seen so many tears of farewell, would not be recorded anywhere in the history books of the Empire.

However, it was a fact that here on this very day, a marriage had taken place. Between a vanished noblewoman and a scoundrel, who had taken her away. And to that, a lone General gave his blessing.

――After this, the whereabouts of Katya Aurélie became unknown.

However, the fact that this was not something to be pessimistic about was evidenced by the unceasing arrival of letters to her only friend, and by the absence of a single hint of sadness or unhappiness in the words therein written.

Translation Notes:

[1] – Jamal’s title of Escort General (親将) is a pun on Divine General (神将) with both being read as shinshou . However, Jamal’s title more refers to how he is close to Vincent as his personal guard.

--- Chapter 7: Reunion at Sand Wind ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Nearly three months had passed as of Subaru’s last stop in Mirula, the nearest town to the Augria Sand Dunes.

Originally, they were supposed to stop by on their way back from the Pleiades Watchtower, but due to the incident at the Tower, Subaru was transported all the way to Vollachia, and their itinerary was blown away with it.

That said, this would have been the second time in three months that he had visited this dilapidated roadside town.

???: […Welcome to Sand Wind.]

When Subaru and the others went through the entrance, they were greeted by the owner, who looked displeased as he polished glasses.

As Subaru recalled being greeted the same way last time, he brushed off as much sand as he could at the entrance. Even so, he could not get it all off, so he decided to accept the shopkeeper’s bad mood as unavoidable and sat down at the counter.

Shopkeeper: [What would you like to order?]

Subaru: [Milk, cold.]

???: [Milk, warm, I suppose.]

???: [Milk, I would also like it warm.]

At the bar, the owner’s face became increasingly grim as one customer after another ordered milk. Even so, he did not complain or swear but simply started heating the milk, showing that he was a customer service professional, no matter how much he hated it.

While the shopkeeper worked, Subaru removed the cloth from around his mouth with a “Puha” sound,

Subaru: [Phew, even though we avoided Sand Time because of what happened last time, the sand-laden wind is still blowing around. I underestimated it a bit.]

While he said this, Subaru used his fingers to dislodge the sand from his mouth. Next to Subaru, the girl who had also lowered her sand-proof cloth nodded and said, “That’s right”.

???: [Even though you told me in advance, Subaru, my hair is already completely caked in sand… I’ll have to brush it properly later. I’ll do your hair too, Beatrice-chan.]

Beatrice: [You have been told many times before, in fact. Betty’s appearance can be reset with a snap, I suppose. Forget about Betty and concentrate on yourself, in fact.]

???: [Well, I know that, but you have such luxurious hair, Beatrice-chan, that it’s worth taking care of, so I just wanted to do it.]

Subaru: [I totally get it. Playing with Beako’s hair is a bit of an adventure .]

When it came to the topic of Beatrice’s hair, Subaru was the one who maintained her signature drill twin-tails by combing and tying them up every morning, and so he was quite opinionated on it. As Beatrice said, it did not really need any maintenance, but it was more of a feel-good thing.

In reality, Beatrice, with her hair being treated as an attraction, puffed out her cheeks.

Beatrice: [Betty’s fashionable hair and adorable cheeks aren’t playthings, I suppose.]

Subaru: [We didn’t say anything about cheeks, but they are a land of squishiness too, Beako.]

???: [They feel really good to touch, don’t they?]

Upon the appearance of an enthusiastic supporter, Subaru laughed heartily with a “That’s right!” before he casually lifted Beatrice, who was sitting next to him, and sat her on his lap.

Beatrice stiffened in surprise with a “Myu”, but it was too late.

Being too slow to escape, Beatrice’s cheeks were pinched by two different sets of fingers from both sides.

Beatrice: [Hey, come on, stop it, in fact! We are in public, I suppose! Show some self-control, in fact!]

Subaru: [Oh, Beako used to be so shy in public, but now she’s grown up. She used to be so shy… she even tried to follow me into the toilet .]

Beatrice: [That was at the very beginning of our Contract, I suppose! It was a year and a half ago, In fact!]

???: [The way you two are so close hasn’t changed much since then, but I can understand why Beatrice-chan is so clingy with Subaru now.]

She had put her head on Subaru’s left shoulder as she said this. Subaru was surprised by the light touch, and the girl, who had met his eyes, giggled with a “Hehe”.

She was a girl at the peak of her need for affection, yet always trying to act grown-up, making it difficult to spoil her. Subaru thought her unusual attitude was endearing, and while caressing Beatrice’s cheek with one hand, he used his other hand to pat the girl’s head――,

Shopkeeper: [Hey, your milk is ready… What’s with this scene?]

Subaru: [Oh, it’s here. Alright, Beako, get back to your seat~.]

Beatrice: [Saying to get back or whatever, when Subaru was the one who dragged Betty in the first place, I suppose! It’s so maddening, in fact!]

With a cup of steaming milk in the shopkeeper’s hand, Subaru smiled wryly at the man’s dumbfounded expression, and returned Beatrice to her seat as she accepted the cup of warm milk.

And, when Subaru was finally served the glass of cold milk he had ordered――,

Shopkeeper: [Oh, now I remember. You’re that guy who went into the sand sea with that pretty girl before, right?]

Subaru: [Oh, you remembered? That’s right, I was the guy who got the milk that time.]

Shopkeeper: […I heard that someone reached the Sage’s Tower. It seems that many people from the Royal Capital will soon be heading there.]

Subaru: [――――]

Shopkeeper: [Did you manage to reach it?]

The shopkeeper’s quiet voice was tinged with a hint of expectation and excitement.

Subaru, having just taken a sip from his glass of milk, glanced down at the shopkeeper’s leg―― he had one prosthetic leg, and he was probably one of the people who had attempted to conquer the sand sea in the past.

At that time, the shopkeeper gave Subaru and the others, who were heading for the Tower, some friendly advice. In response to the experienced person’s question, Subaru grinned and gave a thumbs-up.

And then――,

Subaru: [Yep, I went to the Tower and met the Sage. ――A noisy, overly familiar, and cute Sage. I’ve got a bit of personal business to take care of, so I’m going to make a second attack .]

And, that was his reply.

△▼△▼△▼△

――A journey to the Augria Sand Dunes, or rather, a return to the Pleiades Watchtower.

It was a journey initiated due to Al’s request, one who had lost his beloved master, Priscilla Barielle, in the Vollachian Empire.

Al’s goal was to view a Book of the Dead at the Pleiades Watchtower―― to read the Book of the deceased Priscilla and connect with her thoughts.

Subaru could not bring himself to refuse Al’s heartfelt plea to do so.

Subaru: [Priscilla would be totally pissed, though.]

Upon closing his eyes, he could only remember Priscilla’s smiling face; that, and her prideful demeanor.

Subaru understood that doing so was contrary to Priscilla’s beliefs, to the extent that her angry and contemptuous gaze naturally came to mind.

However, he could not help but think about it from the opposite perspective.

If Subaru did not have Return by Death, or if Return by Death was not even possible, and he had found himself in the same situation of losing someone important, much like what had happened to Priscilla.

In such a situation, would Subaru be able to refrain from wanting to know the final thoughts of that “someone”? ――In the face of that question, he felt that reason and idealism would be meaningless.

Of course, Subaru had no intention of reading Priscilla’s Book of the Dead.

He did not feel that he was qualified to do so, nor did he think it was something he could bear to read. Therefore, he could not assert with certainty whether Al had it in him or not to read it.

That said, if anyone were qualified to do so, it would have been either Abel, Yorna, or Al.

That was why――,

Subaru: [I want to respect Al’s feelings of wanting to read the Book of the Dead. I’m going to accompany him to the Pleiades Watchtower… That’s all I can do, for Al, and for Priscilla.]

It was easy to imagine that Priscilla would not want her Book of the Dead to be read.

But, at the same time, if Priscilla knew how badly her death would have shattered Al’s heart, leaving him in such despair that he could not stand up, she might not have objected to him reading her Book of the Dead if she understood that it would be the means to overcome it.

Subaru, who had witnessed Priscilla’s final moments, who had seen her vanish into the morning light, felt that there was significance in the exchange between Al and Priscilla.

That being said――,

???: [Just so you know, Ram isn’t coming along. Rem needs to rest properly after having finally returned. If you want to work yourself to death, do it alone.]

Apart from Ram, who immediately declared this upon hearing Subaru’s opinion, there were naturally many who opposed Subaru going to the Pleiades Watchtower with Al.

Among those who objected particularly strongly were Otto and, surprisingly, Emilia.

Otto: [I agree with Ram-san’s opinion. And it is not just Rem-san, you too must have been drained by your time in the Empire, Natsuki-san. I can only imagine the physical strain and constant tension. Why not take it easy for a while?]

Emilia: [You know, I reaaally understand Subaru’s concern for Al. I also know that Al is hurting… But, even though the Tower isn’t to blame, Subaru was sent all the way to Vollachia last time, right? If Subaru goes there again, I’m worried he might get sent to a place like Gusteko or somewhere else next time…]

Otto’s opinion was pragmatic, while Emilia’s came from a place of anxiety.

Both opinions were based on concern for Subaru, and it did not feel right to dismiss them. However, the fact that it was crucial to reach out to Al at this very moment was the decisive factor, and so, Subaru resolved to head to the Tower.

In reality, all he could have done was bow his head in deep apology for that matter――,

Otto: [――Garfiel, could I ask you for a favor?]

Garfiel: [Oh, sure thing, Ottobro. Just like ya said, I’ll stick close ‘n keep my eyes on the Captain.]

Emilia: [Beatrice, hold Subaru’s hand tight. Make sure you never let go.]

Beatrice: [No need to be told, in fact. Betty also wants to avoid feeling regret like she did when Subaru and the others were sent to the Empire, I suppose.]

While Subaru struggled to find the words to persuade them, Otto and Emilia, who were supposed to be standing in his way, entrusted the matter to Garfiel and Beatrice, respectively.

When Subaru looked at them in surprise, the two of them shrugged their shoulders and,

Otto: [After hearing about Al-san, I expected it would come to this… However, Emilia-sama and I have to go to the Royal Capital to report on Priscilla-sama’s situation. So…]

Emilia: [I was telling Beatrice and Garfiel that I wanted to go too. I reaaally want to go with you, but…]

Weighing her position and emotions on the scale of her mind, Emilia firmly decided to play her role.

As a candidate for the Royal Selection, she had to report her decision to accept Abel’s request to intervene in the battle against the Great Disaster in the Vollachian Empire, and that in that battle, Priscilla had lost her life.

The Kingdom of Lugunica would surely be greatly stirred upon hearing that. The Royal Selection could also experience significant developments due to the loss of a Royal Candidate.

Nevertheless――,

Emilia: [What I think you want to do for Al, Subaru, is something only you can do, as the last person Priscilla talked to. ――To look after Al.]

Upon seeing Emilia’s sincere amethyst eyes, Subaru felt dryness in his mouth.

He was very, very sorry that the kind Emilia and Otto had taken up his burden in order for things to turn out how Subaru had wanted. Truly, Subaru should have gone to the Royal Capital with Emilia, both as her Knight, and as someone directly involved in the events of the Vollachian Empire.

And yet, he was spoiled by everyone’s kindness.

???: [――Excuse me! I am coming with you this time.]

While Subaru, moved by the warmth of the situation, was on the verge of tears, Petra raised her hand and spoke up.

Of course, the journey to the Pleiades Watchtower would be long. During the trip and at the Tower, someone would have to look over everyone.

Volunteering for that role, Petra, her cheeks flushed red, spoke energetically,

Petra: [This time, I will be useful! Frederica-neesama and Ram-neesama, please take care of the mansion and Emilia-neesama!]

Frederica: [Y-yes… You are really fired up.]

Petra: [Yes! Since I am always left behind, I decided this time I would go without any hesitation!]

Even though Frederica was surprised by Petra’s brave and explosive display, she still accepted it.

From Subaru’s standpoint as well, if Petra was going with them, then he had no complaints. With this, the members going to the Watchtower were decided, and so, Subaru turned to Rem for the last time.

At last, having returned from Vollachia to Lugunica, he wanted to slowly attempt to regain the old memories of the past at Roswaal Manor―― though it was different from the previous manor, filled with Memories of Rem.

Subaru: [Again, the fact that you’re gonna make progress without me is crushing, but…]

Rem: [That was the case when I reunited with Nee-sama as well, but please don’t be disappointed over that… So, are you really going?]

Subaru: [Yeah, I’m going. I can’t leave Al alone. You understand?]

Rem: [I understand. ――That’s why you’re a coward.]

Subaru’s eyes shot wide open upon hearing that.

“I went too far,” Rem said, as she bowed her head in response to Subaru’s reaction,

Rem: [Please return safely. Until then, I’ll try to remember as little as possible so you won’t be disappointed.]

Subaru: [No, that’s… I don’t want to selfishly get in the way of what you want to do, Rem.]

Rem: [Well then, that’s impossible. ――Because, I’m sure there’s nothing you do that doesn’t affect me.]

She pressed on his chest while saying so, and Subaru was unable to say anything.

Staring at the silent Subaru, Rem stuck out her tongue slightly. With a mischievous expression, as if to say she had got him, Subaru was even more unable to say anything.

――This was Rem’s, and everyone else’s, encouragement to push Subaru forward, and no matter how much time passed, Subaru, still unable to grow up, understood that.

△▼△▼△▼△

——And thus, on this day they arrived once again at the town closest to the Augria Sand Dunes.

Subaru’s chest ached as if sobbing as he thought of everyone who had sent him off, and of the Tower’s keeper with whom he had parted ways after he first challenged the Tower.

In front of that Subaru, the shopkeeper cast his eyes downward upon hearing the report of their arrival at the Tower.

Subaru: [Unc?]

Shopkeeper: [————]

Apprehensive about the shopkeeper’s reaction, Subaru called out to him, but it was to no avail. Subaru then glanced at Beatrice, seeking to confirm whether he had made a careless remark.

However, Beatrice shook her head sideways at Subaru.

Beatrice: [It’s nothing major, I suppose. You’ve just got a milk mustache below your nose, in fact.]

Subaru: [Ah! You should’ve said that sooner! I was showing off over here, y’know!]

Petra: [It was very cool. Also, pretty cute as well.]

Subaru: [Emilia-tan’s the only one I think fits that image…]

Cute and cool, that was a fitting description for Emilia when she was in elegant spirits. Ordinary people could only ever embody cuteness or coolness, but she was a beauty beyond miracle who combined both.

Be that as it may——,

Shopkeeper: [Is that so. Is that, so…]

Setting aside Subaru, who frantically wiped his upper lip, the shopkeeper, overcome by emotion, mumbled those words under his breath. Staying that way, he wiped the area around his eyes with his fingers, and then vigorously slammed his fist on the counter,

Shopkeeper: [Very well, you did great. Today is my treat!]

Subaru: [For real!? Then, I was looking to buy provisions for crossing the sand sea again anyway, so just give me all of the food in the bar!]

Shopkeeper: [Don’t get carried away!]

Subaru: [Thought so!]

Saying such, Subaru joyously laughed together with the shopkeeper who got into a truly great mood. However, the smiling shopkeeper, upon examining the girls Subaru brought together with him, gave a puzzled look.

Seeing that the one who must have left an even stronger impression than Subaru himself, Emilia, was not there, the shopkeeper must have had his doubts. That was understandable, but——,

Subaru: [Unfortunately, that girl isn’t together with us today. She did return safely, though.]

Shopkeeper: [Is that so. If she’s safe, then all’s fine, but… this seems like an even more unreliable party than last time.]

Beatrice: [Betty will have you know that she was one of the party members last time as well, I suppose. Due to being busy with caring for the ill, there was no way to show up, in fact.]

Petra: [I am an actual first-timer, but I’m not going to fall behind Emilia-neesama.]

Subaru: [Ooh, that’s some self-confidence. How reliable.]

Subaru, who had not managed to pat her head earlier, reached his hand out to the girl who proudly puffed out her chest—— only for his outstretched hand to be suddenly caught by hers from below.

Then the girl—— Petra, looked straight into the eyes of a surprised Subaru.

Petra: [Subaru, did you just try to pat me?]

Subaru: [Eh? I did, but… did you not like that?]

Petra: […I don’t mind, but can I ask you something? Subaru, do you pat the heads of Emilia-neesama and Rem-neesama as well?]

Being asked such by her serious voice, Subaru repeatedly blinked his eyes, and he pondered.

On whether he patted Emilia and Rem, come to think of it, there were occasions where he had patted Rem’s head before, but if he were to try to do so with the current Rem, he risked having his arm twisted.

Furthermore, even just thinking about patting Emilia’s head was difficult.

Subaru: [No, for various reasons, I don’t really pat the head of those two.]

Petra: [Then you can’t pat mine either.]

Subaru: [Is that so!?]

Petra: [That’s right.]

His hand flung off, her head abruptly turned away, Subaru was left in shock. To think that Petra of all people would go through such a rebellious phase was, to Subaru, completely out of the blue.

Then, seeing Subaru in that disheartened state, Beatrice said “Good grief, I suppose”, and while shrugging her shoulders,

Beatrice: [In that case, you may pat Betty’s head, in fact. Just for now, you may pat as much as you please, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Ugh~, please let me pat Beako’s head as much as I want forever.]

Beatrice: [Hehe, that will depend on Subaru’s manners hereafter, in fact. Make sure to pat more carefully from now on, so that Betty won’t mind letting him, I suppose.]

Subaru: [That’s quite the high bar ! But I’ll overcome it…!]

To Beatrice’s grandstanding attitude, Subaru focused his attention on his fingertips, then moved his hand towards her. At Subaru’s soft touch, Beatrice let out a gasp with a “Woah”.

Beatrice: [N-now this, is quite… it’s not bad… rather, it’s good? It’s good, I suppose? To think you hid so much potential, in fact!]

Subaru: [How naive, Beako. Time apart fosters love, you know.]

Petra: [I truly feel the same way. Time apart really does that, doesn’t it.]

Subaru: [Petra-san? Isn’t there some, like, pressure going on here…?]

While Subaru patted Beatrice’s head with his godlike touch, Petra’s sharp gaze pierced through him as she moved her chair half a step closer.

However, Petra feigned ignorance with a “Is there~?” towards Subaru’s question. Seeing Petra’s attitude, Subaru flinched nervously.

Shopkeeper: [Well, I get that this is quite the pleasant group you’ve got there. But is this really fine? Just because you succeeded the first time, doesn’t mean you get to treat the second like it’s a walk in the park.]

Subaru: [Yeah, I know. The biggest threat, the scantily clad sniper, isn’t there anymore, but even then, the Sand Wind and Witchbeasts are still well and strong. Come to think of it, that advice that Unc gave us last time, about the birds who fly towards the Tower! It was really helpful.]

Shopkeeper: [That’s great… You understand the obstacles then. So, what are you gonna do?]

Subaru: [I’ll be meeting with the countermeasure.]

If a challenger were to conquest the Augria Sand Dunes, three obstacles would stand in their way―― one was the Sand Wind, which grew terrifically stronger during Sand Time; another was the sand sea, which was inhabited by ferocious Witchbeasts; and the last was Shaula, though sadly that worry had ceased to be.

Thus, as for the Witchbeasts, which were the most likely to become the main obstacle in the challenge against Sand Time, which they had no choice but to take on——,

???: [Geez, this place is jam-packed with sand as alwa~ys.]

Hearing a dissatisfied voice accompanied by the sound of sand getting brushed off coming from the entrance, Subaru and the rest of the group turned towards the one they had been waiting for, so as to have her in their field of view.

The one standing there, was a young girl in a black dress with her hair braided into three strands.

Upon noticing the gazes of Subaru and the others sitting together at the counter, she widened her eyes for a moment, before giving a mischievous smile,

???: [Heyo, Onii-san, you managed to get here safely. Petra-chan and Beatrice-chan too, nice to see the both of you we~ll.]

Saying such, the girl―― Meili Portroute, waved her hand, as a small scorpion suddenly jumped out of her hair, wiggling its tail in sync with the movement of her hand.

In that manner, Meili and the small crimson scorpion welcomed their long-awaited reunion with Subaru and the others, as well as their return to the Kingdom of Lugunica.

Seeing Meili’s entrance, Subaru smiled towards the shopkeeper on the other side of the counter behind him and said,

Subaru: [That girl right there, is our greatest ally in conquering the Augria Sand Dunes.]

Shopkeeper: [A young man with a few screws loose and three little girls… perhaps the Sage’s Tower wasn’t as far away as I thought after all?]

Scratching his cheek with one hand, and patting Beatrice’s head with the other, Subaru pondered on the dumbfounded shopkeeper’s remarks as being only natural towards a group like his.

--- Chapter 8: How to Regret ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [I hea~rd. That blue-haired Onee-san woke up, didn’t she~? Onii-san, you were rea~lly, rea~lly worried, so aren’t you relieved no~w?]

???: [Yeah, I can still remember the fresh feeling I had the moment Rem woke up. Even the part where I had my fingers broken afterwards is now a good memory.]

???: […He~y, Petra-chan. Has Onii-san gotten a little weirder since he got sent flying o~ff?]

Petra: [Well, a lot of things happened. It’s a long story, but there was a time when he was cross-dressing and even a time when he shrunk to about the same size as Beatrice-chan…]

???: [Hu~h?]

Meili, who had just joined them, leaned on the counter with her chin in her hand, wearing a puzzled look.

Subaru wanted to complain about being treated like a deviant, but given that Meili had only heard a brief summary of what had happened to him in the Empire, her reaction was perfectly understandable. The connection between the presented circumstances and the events that followed seemed a bit unclear, which made Subaru feel like scratching his head in confusion as well.

Subaru: [Well, if I explain it from the beginning, I can tell a story that actually makes sense.]

Beatrice: […Is that so, I suppose? Betty heard the whole story from the beginning too, but it started to become a bit difficult to follow when Subaru mentioned he had cross-dressed again, in fact.]

Subaru: [Why that though, it was the most logical thing to do…]

For some reason, the operation to capture the Fortress City was not fully understood, even though the results clearly proved that having Subaru, Abel, and Flop dress up as women had been the best strategy.

However, Subaru’s sincere appeal did not seem to resonate at all with Beatrice, Petra, or Meili, who was drinking the cold milk she ordered.

In any case――,

Meili: [But sti~ll, to go back to the Tower right after returning… Onii-san, you’re not going to get blasted off somewhere again and make Petra-chan lonely, are you~?]

Subaru: [We’ve had that scary discussion plenty of times already… Well, not plenty, but we’ve talked about it. At least, I think the cause of the teleportation issue won’t happen again.]

Petra: [S-somehow, that way of saying it makes me feel even more uneasy…]

Noticing Meili and Petra’s worried looks, Subaru adjusted his hold on Beatrice―― Meili had taken the seat Beatrice was originally sitting in. With Petra on one side, Meili on the other, and Beatrice on his lap, Subaru took a moment to consider his next move.

――In the first place, the event that caused Subaru to be transported to the Vollachian Empire was a highly irregular incident that occurred at the Pleiades Watchtower.

At that time, just before the incident occurred, there was an irregularity in the Green Room of the Tower. Spica―― who was believed to be Louis at the time, appeared; amidst the confusion of handling the situation, things took a sudden turn.

That was――,

Subaru: [――The penalty for invoking Return by Death was applied incorrectly.]

That was what Subaru speculated.

Previously, Subaru had attended Echidna’s tea party in the Sanctuary and confided in her about Return by Death. The outcome had been disastrous, not only due to Echidna’s unpleasant response, but also because of the calamity in the real world upon returning from the tea party.

He had, at the time, confessed the truth of Return by Death to Echidna, which triggering a penalty that covered the entire Sanctuary in a black shadow, leading to a state of devastation. ――Subaru believed the situations similar.

In summary, Louis Arneb, who had encountered Subaru in the Hall of Memories and learned about Return by Death, appeared in the Green Room for some reason.

And that was what that black shadow―― the Witch of Envy, mistakenly set out to eliminate.

And as a result of the clash between the rampaging Witch of Envy and the Divine Dragon Volcanica, who had been tasked with protecting the Tower, Subaru was blasted away by the resulting force field――,

Subaru: [That’s what I’m thinking, but beyond that, it’s just speculation.]

Ultimately, the reason why Subaru was transported to the forest of the People of Shudraq in the Empire remained unknown.

It was unclear whether it had been accidental or if it had been an intentional result by either the Witch of Envy or the Divine Dragon. However, considering the events that followed, Subaru did not believe it had been by the intention of the Witch of Envy.

The Witch of Envy had lost sight of Subaru; that was, until Subaru called out to her on the Gladiator Island.

――It was there for the first time that Subaru called out to the Witch of Envy, addressing her as Satella.

Since then, although the nature of Return by Death had not changed, Subaru’s perception of the Witch of Envy, who likely brought it upon him, had shifted slightly.

That shift being――,

Beatrice: [――Subaru? You have a troublesome look in your eyes, I suppose.]

Beatrice, turning around in Subaru’s arms, pressed her fingers against his forehead as he remained silent and deep in thought. Subaru could not help but smile wryly at the sensation and her words.

Subaru: [It’s a bit late to bring up the look in my eyes. Usually, people talk about how scary my face is or something like that.]

Beatrice: [Subaru, your face is full of charm once you get used to it, in fact. The impression of you having scary eyes is probably just nonsense from people who don’t know you, I suppose.]

Petra: [Yes, yes, Beatrice-chan, that’s true. Right, Meili-chan?]

Meili: [That’s ri~ght. I guess you and the Witchbeast-chans are just as cute in your own wa~ys, huh?]

Subaru: [Beako and Petra are too soft on me, so Meili’s opinion is probably more in line with general sentiment. I’ve been dealing with these eyes for eighteen years. I don’t expect anything else of them…!]

In fact, it had already been proven by over a year of experience that even the standard isekai trope of “the reversal of beauty and ugliness” was not something to expect.

According to Subaru’s aesthetic sense, beautiful people were beautiful, and Subaru’s eyes were the most terrifying.

Subaru: [Enough about my eyes. Anyway, it seems like there’s no need to worry about me getting teleported again, so for now, there’s no concern about me causing trouble for everyone by going to the Tower.]

Meili: [I see. Well, I don’t really mi~nd. I’ve been fulfilling my duties properly while you were away, after a~ll.]

Petra: [Duties… Wait, does that mean…!]

Petra’s eyes sparkled as she looked at Meili, who gave a somewhat proud, smug smile.

While returning from the Empire, Subaru had also heard what Meili had been up to in the Kingdom.

She had been negotiating with the high-ranking officials of the Kingdom, leveraging her ability to safely guide others through the Augria Sand Dunes to the Pleiades Watchtower.

In exchange, Meili had been seeking a pardon for the crimes she had committed in the Kingdom and securing her future livelihood.

Subaru: [So, judging by your tone…]

Meili: [Ye~p, I did i~t. I made those important old men… what were they called? The Council of Wise Me~n? I made them promise me my free~dom.]

Petra: [You did it! You did it, Meili-chan!]

Meili: [Kyaaah!]

With a triumphantly smug expression that could almost be used as a model, Meili proudly reported her success, prompting Subaru to widen his eyes in surprise. Petra, even more excited than Subaru, reached across him to grab Meili’s hand.

As a result, the two girls ended up holding hands over Beatrice’s stomach,

Subaru: [I’ll take advantage of the moment and gently put my hand in there too.]

Beatrice: [It’s a bit ticklish, but Betty will join in too, in fact. You did well, I suppose.]

Subaru and Beatrice added their hands to the mix, and the four of them ended up holding hands together in a show of camaraderie.

The shopkeeper on the other side of the counter looked at Subaru and the others with a strange expression, but Subaru consciously ignored it, deciding not to worry too much about onlookers during this joyful moment.

With their hands laid on top of each other, Meili said “T-thank you~…” in a small voice before continuing,

Meili: [A-anywa~ys, my ability to control Witchbeast-chans is highly valued by the Kingdo~m. I’m using it at your request, so make sure to show some gra~titude.]

Subaru: [Wow, that’s quite the bold attitude. But it’s fine, I don’t mind a big mouth . And of course, I won’t forget to show my gratitude. You’ve really done a lot of reflecting, haven’t you?]

Meili: [What do you mean by tha~t!? Do you want me to push you down the stairs agai~n!?]

Though Subaru understood that Meili’s words were just her way of hiding her embarrassment, the memory of his spectacular tumble down the stairs made every single one of his bones creak in recollection.

However, what caught even more attention than Meili’s slip of the tongue was――,

Petra: [Meili-chan? What do you mean by that? What did you do?]

Meili: [Ah…]

Petra: [Hey, I didn’t get a chance to hear the full story, but what happened at the Tower? You apologized for not being able to stop Subaru from being teleported, but is there anything else you need to apologize for?]

Meili: [U-u~m, Petra-chan, your eyes are looking a little sca~ry…]

Petra: [Meili-chan.]

Meili: [Eeek!]

Petra’s hands, still resting on Beatrice’s stomach, gripped Meili’s hands firmly, not allowing her to escape.

Realizing this, Meili turned to Subaru with pleading eyes,

Meili: [O-Onii-san… Onii-san, he~lp…]

Subaru: [Sorry, Meili. The Council of Wise Men might overlook your mistakes because of your rare abilities, but your friends are here to properly scold you. Friends like that are precious.]

Beatrice: [Regrets don’t come first, in fact. Lessons should be learned from them, I suppose.]

Meili: [Come on~!]

With those words, Subaru picked up Beatrice and slid his chair back, distancing himself from Petra and Meili. Petra immediately closed the gap with her chair, leaving Meili with no way to escape.

Watching the two of them, Subaru and Beatrice drank their milk together――,

Beatrice: [It was good that you were able to save Meili back then, in fact.]

Subaru: […Thanks.]

Beatrice expressed Subaru’s feelings in a small voice. Subaru, filled with affection, gently stroked her head as he watched the endearing interactions between the two girls.

――Above the teary-eyed Meili’s head, a small scorpion was clicking its pincers sharply.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The duty that had been entrusted to Garfiel Tinzel was a heavy one.

The faith of his comrades resting upon his shoulders, was something that Garfiel understood to a painful extent.

They were putting their trust in him. That if Garfiel was present, then the members traveling to the Pleiades Watchtower, composed of Subaru, Beatrice, and Petra, would not end up facing any danger.

Thus, he wanted to respond to that faith, Garfiel had resolved himself to respond to it.

Garfiel: [Yo, it’d be best for ya to drink a lil’ water. The atmosphere here’s all dry ‘cuz of the sand gusts. Ya never know when yer throat might get parched up.]

And, with those words, Garfiel called out to Al, who was seated within the dragon carriage.

Inside the single-wagon dragon carriage pulled by Patrasche, Al was hugging one of his knees as he sat―― he was the individual who could be called the reason, or origin, of this journey towards the Pleiades Watchtower.

The man who was formerly the Knight of Royal Candidate Priscilla Barielle. He had watched as his master disappeared before his very eyes, and in order to compensate for that sense of loss, he sought a Book of the Dead within the Tower.

Whether that was a good or a bad thing, Garfiel did not know.

Garfiel: [――――]

When Garfiel had first heard about the Books of the Dead in the Pleiades Watchtower, in complete honesty, he had thought he wanted to see those books by all means necessary.

Because of the situation, they were busy with the priority of going to save Subaru since he had been sent to the Empire, so there had not been a place for him to discuss the topic in earnest, but he had certainly thought in such a manner.

By nature, Garfiel loved reading books about great figures from history. He had fond memories of reading books until they were completely worn out, back in Sanctuary. That included “The Legend of Reid Astrea”, a book describing the life of Reid Astrea, whom Subaru and the others had met first hand.

To hear that the lifetime memories of not only Reid, but of many great figures whose names had been engraved in history, were all lined up in the library that stored the Books of the Dead, was a matter that caused his chest to throb with excitement.

The reason why Garfiel was then slightly opposed to the thought of Al wanting to read Priscilla’s Book of the Dead, was a sensation stemming from some sort of logic.

Did knowing the person make it alright to read it? Or did knowing the person make it wrong to do so? ――It was not just Garfiel who did not possess the correct answer to that, but also Subaru.

Therefore――,

Garfiel: [Until ya do what ya gotta do at the Tower, ya can’t be collapsin’ on us. Hey.]

Gnashing his canines, Garfiel tossed a canteen over to Al. It slowly drew an arc as it spun through the air, making its way towards Al――,

Al: [――Oh, my bad, bud. My throat was just about feeling parched.]

Catching the canteen with a light sound, Al skillfully raised the jaw of his helmet with his single right arm, and gently brought the mouth of it to his own lips.

Then, Al gulped down the water quite quickly, and gave a refreshed exhale of “Ahhhh~”.

Al: [ Eep , that really brings me back to life. Really, you guys are always taking such good care of me, I’m grateful. Even though you oughta be frowning upon me for causing bro’s team to split up like this.]

Garfiel: [Gimme a break, don’t’cha have any self-awareness?]

Al: [Well, it ain’t like I ain’t looking at my surroundings. I’d say that, at least more than that old man who disappeared to who-knows-where, I’m calm, real calm.]

Garfiel: [――――]

Al gave his answer while waving around the canteen that had been mostly emptied, to which Garfiel flared his nostrils, feeling as if he had eaten a bitter bug.

The topic of the missing person whom Al had brought up, was Heinkel.

As one of the members of the Priscilla Camp, after her passing, Heinkel’s mind had been quite perturbed. He had disappeared a few days before Garfiel and the others departed from the Empire.

Garfiel had participated in the search, but tracing a scent through a town where thousands of people were entering and exiting on a daily basis was a difficult feat, and so ultimately, they were unable to find him.

Garfiel: [Emilia-sama also seemed to be super depressed…]

When Heinkel’s whereabouts became unknown, Emilia had felt a terrible sense of responsibility.

He heard that she had come into contact with Heinkel on an occasion Garfiel and the others had been unaware of, and it seemed that he clung on to her quite intensely on that instance. After that, without getting the chance to talk with him again, Heinkel disappeared.

To an extent similar to Emilia, Garfiel was also disheartened. ――After all, he had inadvertently crossed paths with Heinkel many times, and they held out on the same battlefield together in the fight against the Great Disaster.

Garfiel: [Oi you, ain’t’cha worried ‘bout pops?]

Al: [Hm? Yeah, I guess I’d say I’m worried about him, but that’s ’cause both me and the old man are at a fine age. Fellow middle aged geezers oughta worry about each other, right?]

Garfiel: [The fuck’s it gotta do with age! It’s only natural to worry ‘bout yer comrades. When ya start talkin’ like that, then ya got Beatrice, Emilia-sama, ‘n Nanna who’re all over a hundred years old!]

Al: [Hm, I guess things get pretty confusing at bro’s place if you rank seniority by age. Ah, I do think everything you’re saying’s completely correct, bud? It’s just…]

Garfiel: [What?]

Al: [All things considered, my plate’s also pretty damn full right now.]

Saying that, he raised the hand holding the canteen and lowered his head, leaving Garfiel at a loss for words.

Following that, he also began to get a bit embarrassed for pressing Al so emotionally. Just now, Garfiel had been one-sidedly venting his feelings of powerlessness.

In addition――,

Garfiel: [――Tho’, it’s still different from Captain’s.]

Narrowing his emerald-green eyes, as Garfiel checked the sharpness of his canines with the tip of his tongue, he discretely examined Al’s state, and recalled what Otto had told him.

――Having witnessed Priscilla’s death, Subaru and Al had sustained great wounds to their hearts.

Everybody had received a shock from Priscilla’s death, but the wounds received by these two had undoubtedly been the greatest, and so the way they faced those wounds was distinct when compared to others.

Trying to make amends under the guise of Sparka, Subaru had himself beat down by the many comrades he had encountered in the Empire.

That pitiful, reckless endeavor was repealed via the support and assistance of his surroundings, but whether it be equivalent, or even greater, Al was currently in need of “something”.

Garfiel did not sense any issues within his responses during the time of this conversation, but―― before Subaru and the rest had proposed to accompany him, Al was initially going to force himself to head to the Tower alone.

That would have likely been an act tantamount to suicide; a fact Garfiel was sure of, having heard about the severity of the Augria Sand Dunes from his comrades. There was even the possibility that Al had fallen into such despair that he would not have minded losing his life enroute to the Tower.

Subaru: [I want to respect Al’s feelings of wanting to read the Book of the Dead. I’m going to accompany him to the Pleiades Watchtower… That’s all I can do, for Al, and for Priscilla.]

Having noticed those perilous signs within Al, nobody stopped Subaru as he spoke that out.

To not accompany Al was equivalent to leaving him to die at the sand sea. ――It was the consensus of the Camp that there had already been enough casualties.

Al: [But, y’know? Aren’t bro and the rest out shopping? Would’ve been best for you to follow them, since you’re the strongest, bud. If it’s just the dragon carriage, then I’d be able to watch over it alone.]

Garfiel: [――. Ya really think we can just leave a guy from another Camp here by himself? My amazin’ self’s here to keep an eye on ya.]

Al: [It’s lonely to be treated as an outsider. Ain’t we buddies who saved the Empire together?]

And, that was also the reason why Al had lost everything precious to him.

How to mourn, how to despair, how to regret, such methods differed from person to person. Garfiel too had an experience of being stuck completely helpless at a dead end, left only to despair.

In order to get back on his feet, Garfiel had borrowed the strength of Subaru, Ram, Otto, and everybody else.

So now, he wanted to be there for somebody else in that same position.

Garfiel: […I’d thought my amazin’ self could be there for pops, too.]

The missing Heinkel, too, certainly possessed despair of his own. That such a thing had cast a great shadow over his life, was something Garfiel more-or-less understood.

Precisely because he understood, he felt sorry for Heinkel, who had no choice but to shoulder everything on his own.

???: [――It appears that the atmosphere in the carriage is rather stagnant. Depressing.]

And, just as Garfiel had been thinking that.

The door to the dragon carriage opened, and someone, appearing from outside, spoke those words.

When Garfiel turned around in surprise and came to notice that it was someone he knew, he let out a sigh,

Garfiel: [Don’t fuckin’ freak me out like that. Got me thinkin’ it was somethin’ like “The Sound of Woozle’s Wind”.]

???: [Excuse my rudeness in asking, but considering your duty, would it not be a problem in and of itself that you are unable to cope with sudden situations? Inquiry.]

Garfiel: [Ugh, t-that’s a bit…]

???: [Again, excuse my rudeness. I attempted to trip you up. Apology.]

Saying that, placing a finger on his lips as he winked, was a man with a slender face, meticulously trimmed navy-blue hair, and a monocle over one eye―― Clind.

This man who cast an unfathomable atmosphere around him, worked as a servant for Roswaal’s relative Annerose Miload, and was on poor terms with Garfiel’s older sister, Frederica.

Moreover, this was the person with whom they had arranged to meet in Mirula, the nearest town to the sand sea.

Garfiel: [Amazin’, ain’t yer timin’ just damn perfect. ――Where’s that Meili girl?]

Clind: [She is accompanying me. Certainly. As for my punctuality, it is not something that deserves praise. As a butler, I have simply fulfilled my duties.]

Garfiel: [Ya really think that any other butler’s fuckin’ able to do somethin’ like takin’ an entire dragon carriage from one end of the country to the other so easily?]

Garfiel was fed up with Clind, who placed his hand on his chest with great humility.

In bringing Subaru and Rem home from the Empire, Clind had fulfilled a very important role, on a level that he could even possibly be the MVP of the Camp.

It would seem that Clind could use magic similar to that of Door Crossing, which allowed one to cross through space, and through that, he had been very useful and versatile in making preparations for their journey to the Empire.

The reason they had met up here was to retrieve Meili, who was indispensable personnel for crossing the Augria Sand Dunes.

Clind: [Regarding Meili-sama, I have sent her straight to Subaru-sama and the others. I have come to the dragon carriage to report on her arrival. Praiseworthy.]

Garfiel: [Thanks. By the way, did’cha not bring Emilia-sama or Ottobro with’cha?]

Clind: [My apologies. The payment made by the Master was limited to the act of bringing back Subaru-sama and Rem-sama, who were sent to the Empire. Bringing Meili here was the least I could do as a favor. Sincerity.]

Garfiel: […Gotcha. If there’s a reason, I won’t ask ya to do the impossible.]

Clind bowed deeply, and although his tone remained flat, there was a sense of consistent apology in his demeanor, and it seemed that he had reasons that were beyond his control.

In the past, Garfiel had a bad habit of losing all reason when he underwent beastification, but the reason he was able to overcome this was because he had been granted an opportunity to do so. He did not know if Clind’s limitations were of the same sort or not, so Garfiel refrained from saying anything presumptuous, despite having had a similar experience.

Garfiel: [Well, not like our amazin’ selves are the only ones. Yo Al-san, lemme introduce ya. This is one of our amazin’ selves’ allies, Clind, he’s real chummy with that Roswaal bastard.]

Clind: [While it is exquisitely chilly, yet quite difficult to deny, I thank you for the introduction. Having received that introduction, my name is Clind. Pleased to make your acquaintance. Bow.]

Realizing that he had ignored Al while they had been speaking, Garfiel introduced Clind. Giving a slightly wry smile, Clind faced Al and greeted him.

From Garfiel’s point of view, it seemed strange that Clind, who had been close with Roswaal for a long time, would now deny getting along well with him, but――,

Clind: [――Al-sama? Puzzling.]

Aside from Garfiel’s thoughts, Clind frowned with skepticism.

The reason was Al’s reaction to Clind’s greeting, in which he gave no response.

Al: [――――]

Maintaining his silence, Al stared intently at Clind’s face.

Of course, his expression was not visible, being that his helmet was on, but the atmosphere he was exuding―― something close to shock or bewilderment, could easily be felt.

However, Garfiel did not understand the meaning of that reaction in itself.

Garfiel: [Huh? Clind, do ya know Al-san?]

Clind: [――. No, forgive me, but I have no recollection of him. Al-sama, have we met somewhere before? Verification.]

Clind shook his head and denied Garfiel’s suspicion.

If Clind could not recall any such thing, then he was likely not mistaken.

As previously mentioned, Clind could use special magic, but he also had outstanding abilities as a butler. He was the one who trained Frederica and Ram as servants, and he was also the one who had taught Subaru how to use a whip. He was perhaps not stronger than Garfiel, but his mannerisms also gave the impression that he was no ordinary person, and certainly possessed great power.

If he had no memory of this, then it was probably true that, at least on Clind’s side, they were not acquainted.

And, as for Al――,

Al: [――Nah, never had any of that, acquaintance. Without a doubt, this is the very first meeting between you and I.]

Garfiel: […So, the hell was up with that profound silence just now?]

Al: [My bad, it’s just kinda troublesome to memorize new things. ――You said you were called Clind-san? The name’s Al. I’m indebted to bro, and to your allies.]

Clind: [I am at your service. I look forward to working with you from now on. Perpetuity.]

Al: [Perpetuity is a bit long, but yeah, looking forward to working with you.]

Waving his hand, Al readily responded to Clind’s lighthearted words.

While watching the two of them interact, Garfiel felt that Al’s behavior was somewhat unnatural, but he missed the opportunity to mention it.

Garfiel: [Whatever, I guess.]

Now that Clind had brought Meili here, the real expedition into the Augria Sand Dunes could begin.

The Witchbeasts that swarmed the sand sea could be driven away thanks to Meili’s power, but there were still many things to prepare for, such as the Sand Time vortex of the Sand Wind that must be passed through in order to reach the Tower.

He heard that last time, there had been a scene where Emilia and Julius, who had accompanied them on their journey, had displayed their abilities.

Garfiel: [I’ll give ‘em hell! My amazin’ self’ll protect Captain ‘n everyone else no matter what!]

Garfiel roared, bringing his fists together before his chest.

The sense of purpose surging up within him was proof of the determination that was erupting from the unshakable awareness that now inspired Garfiel.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Such was Garfiel’s determination, fervent with excited breaths, however.

???: [Very goo~d, a safe arrival. I’m relieved that nothing happened this ti~me.]

Saying those words, Meili hopped down from the driver’s seat onto the sand, and with the gargantuan door that was the entrance to the Tower behind her, she spread out both her arms.

The eastern edge of the Augria Sand Dunes―― the path to the Pleiades Watchtower, which even the Sword Saint had given up on traversing due to his failure to reach it, was now easily surmounted by them.

Garfiel: [ Gao …]

Having firmly vowed to protect his comrades no matter the obstacle, Garfiel ought to have been pleased with the anticlimactic result, and yet he could not help but mutter that with a somewhat unsatisfied look on his face.

--- Chapter 9: High-Efficiency Sorcerous Induction Door ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――I am glad you have returned safely. Relief.]

Scarce of words, Clind expressed that he was pleased to see Subaru return.

Since being made Emilia’s Knight, Subaru had put in great efforts to live up to his title, and this man had taught him how to train his body and handle a whip, as well as many things that had led to his current confidence. He could be said to be Subaru’s true teacher in this world.

Despite his position, he had always maintained a certain distance with the people of the mansion he served, even with Subaru, but when speaking of their reunion, he touched his shoulder and seemed to have a slight smile on his face, a quite impactful thing.

At the same time, Subaru was also worried about Clind, who seemed unfazed by anything.

Subaru: [Of course that’s only natural. Or I guess I should say, I’m really sorry. Clind-san, I heard you were a huge help to Emilia-tan and the others in coming to get me.]

Clind: [No, I only did what was possible within my abilities. I have received a fair amount of compensation, so the issues were few. Acceptable.]

Subaru: [Clind-san…]

Clind: [Moreover, does an apology in such a situation not differ from the policy of the Camp? Question.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Clind: [If it were Emilia-sama, who you look up to as your master, who is developing with purity and bravery while still retaining her childlike nature, what would she say at a time like this? Contemplation.]

At Clind’s words, Subaru took a small breath.

The former’s evaluation of Emilia was permeated with his partiality towards children who overflowed with infinite potential, but Subaru understood what he was trying to say.

In a situation like this, instead of apologizing for having something done for her, Emilia would say――,

Subaru: [Not “sorry”, but “thank you”.]

Clind: [Indeed. Excellent answer.]

The fact that he answered with a straight face without smiling was very Clind-like.

Subaru scratched his cheek with his finger and smiled wryly at his teacher’s unreadable feelings. This elusive quality of his probably contributed to the hardships of Annerose, Clind’s lady, and the complicated feelings of Frederica, who he had known for many years.

But then again, given that Frederica talked about Clind far too often for someone who supposedly disliked him, her complex inner feelings did not seem like something for an outsider to comment on.

Clind: [Speaking of which, it was said in the preceding bird-mail that Frederica would also be accompanying you, but I have yet to locate her tall, conspicuous figure. Verification.]

Subaru: [Hm? Ah, that’s right. Frederica was supposed to come along at first, but she changed her plans at the last minute and went together with Roswaal instead.]

Subaru answered Clind’s question, keeping an eye on the distant sky.

At present, the Emilia Camp was divided into groups to carry out different tasks throughout the Kingdom of Lugunica, Subaru’s group included. Emilia and Otto had headed to the Royal Capital to report on the events in the Empire, Ram was looking after Rem, who was resting at the mansion to recover her Memories, and Roswaal and Frederica had headed to the south of the Kingdom―― to the Barielle Domain.

With the death of Priscilla, and with her husband Leip Barielle having passed away a while ago, the Barielle Domain was bereaved of its lord, extolled as the Sun Princess, and great disorder was to be expected.

With the aim of minimizing such tumult, Roswaal had accompanied Schult, who had chosen to return straight to the Priscilla Camp, and Frederica had also gone along with them.

???: [Frederica’s good with children and is liked by Schult, so she can be trusted to take care of things, I suppose. Just thinking about Roswaal going there on his own is enough to make a person shudder, in fact.]

Subaru: [I get what you mean, but don’t go around saying that too much. Roswaal has mellowed a lot… even this time, Emilia-tan asked for his help with Schult, and he accepted in no time .]

As always, Beatrice’s harsh words for Roswaal were quite endearing, but Subaru was very grateful for how he had handled the situation this time. Emilia, who had apparently spoken with Schult while Subaru engaged in Sparka, also seemed relieved that Roswaal had taken care of the situation.

To be perfectly honest, Subaru could not help but wonder if Roswaal was only willing to help out with the situation of another Camp without any hesitation because he wanted to have influence over the Barielle Domain. Even if that were the case, he thought Roswaal was more trustworthy than other people who harbored ambition―― that was the conclusion Subaru came to for the time being.

To begin with, if it was a matter of getting involved in the affairs of other Camps, Subaru had already been sticking his nose in much more boldly than Emilia or Roswaal.

Subaru: [――――]

While thinking this, Subaru expressed another complex feeling of gratitude to Roswaal―― that when Subaru had failed to save Priscilla, Roswaal had not followed through on his past declaration.

Subaru’s Return by Death―― even though Roswaal was unaware that Death was the impetus, he recognized that Subaru had the Authority to redo things, and after the battle in Sanctuary, he had clearly declared that he would not allow Natsuki Subaru to take a path of compromise when it came to the loss of those around him.

Roswaal had declared that if Subaru ever failed to save someone important to him, he would incinerate everything in an inferno of his flames, forcing Subaru to reset that world.

That was no empty-threat or joke, but a genuine declaration.

However, Roswaal did not attempt to make that terrifying scene of flames a reality on this occasion, as if to add insult to injury after Subaru’s failure to save Priscilla.

Whether this signified some kind of change in Roswaal, or whether he did not count Priscilla among the people for whom Subaru would reset, he did not know. Albeit, he really hoped that it was the former.

Subaru: [Well, that’s why Frederica is with Roswaal. If you want to see her, Clind-san, you can just hop over there…]

Clind: [Unfortunately, my method of transportation is not all-powerful. Conditional. In addition, concerning the matter of going out of my way just because of wanting to see Frederica. Denial. However――]

Subaru: [However?]

Clind: [I was merely concerned about the fact that things are not going according to the original plan. Trivial.]

Clind added this after briefly shaking his head, making Subaru raise his eyebrows.

Although Clind’s point of view was understandable, things did not always go according to plan. Not to say that one should be overly flexible, but being too rigid could cause one to be unable to do anything.

First of all, had it not been Frederica, it would have been Petra who accompanied Roswaal. Internally, within the Camp, that would have been a much more concerning situation.

That was why this combination of personnel had come about naturally.

Clind: [――――]

Subaru: [Clind-san?]

Clind: [――. Apologies for always beating around the bush. Acknowledgment. Considering my position, my remark was out of line. Concern.]

Clind bowed his head as he said this; Subaru thought his attitude of drawing a line between himself and others like that was lonely.

Originally, he was a person who knew how to distinguish between his own and other people’s areas of responsibility, but――,

Subaru: [I’m not Roswaal or Annerose, so I don’t think there’s anything like being out of line with me. You should know, Clind-san, that you’re one of us.]

There was a reason why he had thanked him earlier.

If someone went to such lengths in order to help another out, then what were they if not a comrade?

Subaru: [Clind-san, you and I are both on the side of the brave and cute Emilia-tan, yeah?]

Clind: [――. Yes, indeed. Affirmation. However, unlike you, Subaru-sama, who is expected to grow up quickly, I am in a position where I want to watch over the budding potential and growth. Cradle.]

Subaru: [I feel the divide between incompatible factions who support the same idol!]

Beatrice: [Incidentally, Betty’s position is that Emilia’s growth would make Bubby proud, I suppose.]

Even within the Camp, it was clear that there were big differences in the way that Emilia was being supported, but Beatrice’s opinion was the most mature.

Anyway, it was a great help that Clind could travel the long distance in one go with Meili, who was essential for surmounting the Augria Sand Dunes.

Subaru: [What will you do after this, Clind-san?]

Clind: [Although it concerns my lady’s life, I have been unable to concentrate on my duties as a butler for some time. Introspection. When the Master and Emilia-sama return, things will likely get busy again. Therefore, I intended to leave you all in Frederica’s care and turn back… Contemplation.]

Narrowing his eyes, a look of worry was visible through Clind’s monocle.

It was clear that his contemplation was centered around his lady, Annerose.

Albeit young, Annerose already possessed the spirit of a first-class noble, and while she was dependable, she was also somewhat at risk. As her closest retainer, Clind must have felt uneasy about leaving her side for long periods of time.

That was why――,

Subaru: [――It’s all right, Clind-san. Garfiel’s here too. Petra’s also becoming more and more reliable. Go back and grant some peace of mind to Annerose.]

△▼△▼△▼△

After that scene, Subaru and his group set out to conquer the Augria Sand Dunes with Meili in tow, and although they had succeeded splendidly――,

???: […Seriously now, my amazin’ self didn’t get any damn opportunity to shine.]

???: [Well, since we just parted from Clind-san telling him that everything would be okay, if any problem arose then it’d have been hard on him. I say it’s good that nothing happened.]

???: [I get it, y’know? I really do get it, y’know? But still, what about my amazin’ self’s feelin’s after gettin’ all fired up for this?]

Crestfallen, Garfiel stood with his head hung low before the main entrance to the Pleiades Watchtower.

Within the blowing Sand Wind, Garfiel was hunched over, looking dejected, and Meili, the greatest contributor to overcoming the sand sea, crossed her arms and puffed out her cheeks.

Meili: [Wh~at~? It’s not as if it’s my fau~lt. If the fanged onii-san wants to show off his strength so badly, how about making a round trip across the sandpit by himse~lf?]

Petra: [Meili-chan, don’t provoke him like that! Sorry, Garf-san. Meili-chan didn’t speak out of malice. She just doesn’t know when to keep her mouth shut…]

Meili: [Petra-chan is quite ha~rsh…]

Meili, who had taken offense, reluctantly withdrew due to the mediation from Petra.

The exchange at the bar in Mirula was not the only reason; rather, in the power balance between these two, Petra was for some reason overwhelmingly superior, which made for an intriguing friendship.

Subaru: [As I thought, is this because of the power dynamic between the one who feeds and the one being fed?]

Beatrice: [It’s doubtful if that’s the case, in fact. Finding someone who can match Petra in the mansion is rare, I suppose. Only Emilia and Ram, in fact.]

Subaru: [Emilia-tan’s naturally strong, and Ram’s just strong, plain and simple .]

Subaru nodded at the interjection from Beatrice, agreeing with her point.

Needless to say, neither Subaru nor Beatrice would ever be caught claiming that they could beat Petra. They knew exactly where they stood. How admirable.

Subaru: [Then again, coming back here once again, something’s slowly welling up within me.]

Within the heart of Subaru who had spoken thus, a dull throbbing ache began to form at the sight of the majestic tower before him.

It was the place from which he had been sent away to the Vollachian Empire, and although so much had happened since then, it was also the place that had fortuitously brought Spica to him.

However, what made Subaru’s heart ache the most at this moment, was she whom he had lost.

Subaru: [――――]

Shaula. ――The first person whom Natsuki Subaru, who possessed Return by Death, had been unable to save.

Priscilla had been added to that, and even though Subaru’s mind ought to have been cognizant of the fact that Return by Death was not omnipotent, he was forced to realize the same with the very depths of his soul.

That was why, such thoughts, such wounds, he wished to never have to experience them again.

Beatrice: [However, it’s truly a relief, I suppose. After all, having to go through all that hassle just to get to the Tower is undesirable, in fact.]

Perhaps understanding Subaru’s innermost thoughts through their linked hands, Beatrice chose not to touch upon Subaru’s sentiments, and Subaru also nodded back with a “Yes”.

The Pleiades Watchtower itself was visible at a distance even from Mirula. Compared to before, the density of the clouds and dust plumes that enshrouded it had diminished, putting the fear of losing sight of the Tower at an almost nonexistent level.

Of course, this would no longer be the case during Sand Time, when Sand Wind grew stronger, but now that he had conquered it once before and knew of the warping of space within the Sand Time that led to the Tower, he had rather looked forward to its arrival.

Beatrice: [Even within that Sand Wind, he contributed greatly by keeping vigilant watch over the surroundings of the dragon carriage and avoiding the rocks and valleys, and yet, Garfiel’s still far too upset, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Being able to preemptively prevent a crisis was surely thanks to his efforts. Well, perhaps what Garfiel needs to work on in the future is him feeling like he hasn’t gotten his job done unless he uses his muscles.]

If one were to simply rank the contributors to overcoming the sand sea, Garfiel would surely be among the top three. Of course, one of them was Meili, and the other――,

Subaru: [Sorry to make you keep taking these excursions with us, Patrasche. Time and time again, your stamina , your ability to break through, and your grace are what come to my aid.]

Patrasche: [――Dodogyuuun.]

When Subaru called out to her, Patrasche neighed as if to say that it was a matter of course.

Of course, in the Vollachian Empire, and once again on the way to the Pleiades Watchtower, she who pulled the dragon carriage had undoubtedly been an indispensable member.

The long journey was still ongoing, and there had been no time to unwind; so, once they returned to the mansion, and time could be made for some relaxation, she needed to be shown appreciation by brushing her or taking her for a picnic or whatever.

And so, while Subaru and the others congratulated each other for having made it to the Tower safely――,

???: [This is――]

Getting off the dragon carriage after Subaru and the others, Al calmly looked up at the Tower and muttered thus in a hoarse voice.

The fleeting emotions that were blended into Al’s voice, by their sheer sincerity, made Subaru’s cheeks nearly stiffen, so he hastily pinched them with his fingers to endure the urge.

Throughout the journey, Subaru tried his best to avoid looking too serious or worried in front of Al. The purpose of the journey was what it was. It was impossible to forget about that and act as if it was nothing special, nevertheless, he still wanted to avoid treating Al too delicately and touching on that sore spot as much as possible.

At least, that was what Subaru would have thought, had the situation been the inverse.

Subaru: [Our objective, the Pleiades Watchtower. The journey might have been a bit cramped, but I’m glad we made it.]

Being conscious of that, Subaru nuzzled the cheeks he had been pinching, and called out to Al. After Subaru called out to him, Al trained his gaze upon the Tower,

Al: […The journey wasn’t cramped at all. The kids took great care of me, so despite me being a burden, it was a pretty comfortable trip for me.]

Subaru: [About you being a burden, you’re not.]

Al: [Ah, my bad, my bad, I ain’t being sarcastic or ironic. Ah, it’s no good. I ended up saying something unnecessary. How pathetic for a grown man to act this way.]

Slowly shaking his head, Al muttered as he placed his hand upon his helmeted forehead. Subaru, who could understand a portion of the difficult state of mind that Al was in, found it hard to say something appropriate.

Just as Subaru was concerned about Al, Al was also concerned about Subaru and everyone else.

However, even if one were to try to pretend that they were not depressed, since the reality would be that they indeed were depressed, such a pretense would be unable to produce its intended effect.

As a result, they would end up displaying a strange bravado, and a mindset of saying things that need not be spoken would come into play.

Beatrice: [Nobody thinks that you’re a pathetic man all the time, in fact. Everyone has moments when they cannot hold their head high, I suppose. What’s important while doing so, is reflecting upon it, in fact.]

Al: […Sheesh. That consolation really does touch me deeply. Thank you, Beako-chan.]

Beatrice: [――. That manner of address, only Subaru is allowed to use it, I suppose. Be careful next time, in fact.]

Beatrice replied to Al with an irritated look on her face, and Subaru, feeling affectionate, gently stroked her head.

Then, as he headed towards Garfiel and the others who were attempting to open the main gate of the Tower――,

Al: [――Bro. Thank you.]

Al’s appreciative voice echoed from behind, making Subaru almost stop for a moment, but in the end, he just waved over his shoulder and proceeded towards the entrance of the Tower with Beatrice.

He held various hesitations about coming to the Pleiades Watchtower. Such as, if seeking Priscilla’s Book of the Dead was truly the right thing to do or not.

However, before considering whether or not they could actually find her Book of the Dead, he was certain of one thing, that his concerns about Al had not been meaningless.

Subsequently――,

Petra: [Ah, Subaru. This big door, how do we open it?]

Subaru: [Ah, it’s certainly huge, but it isn’t as heavy as it looks. If I put all my weight into it and push with all my might, it should open up just a little.]

Petra: [You used force!?]

Meili: [Oh ye~s. Because it was previously opened by the naked onee-san and Emilia-oneesan… and then, by the Sword Saint, I had forgo~tten.]

Beside Petra, whose eyes had widened in surprise, Meili blurted so while hugging her elbows.

It was slightly surprising to hear her mention the existence known as the Sword Saint―― Reinhard, but apparently, during Subaru’s absence, in order to gain the approval of the Council of Wise Men, Meili had visited the Tower once with Felt and Reinhard.

In other words, this was the third time that Meili had visited the Tower in a short while. Probably, across the entire world, she was the woman foremost in the number of visits to the Pleiades Watchtower, and it was likely that her count would only continue to increase in the future.

Meili: [Ye~p, when I came here the la~st time…]

Garfiel: [Eyey, wait a sec. We’ll talk ’bout that, but let’s get inside the Tower already. If force’s what’cha need to open it, then this is where my amazin’ self comes in――]

Then, interrupting Meili as she tried to talk about her previous journey, Garfiel cracked his knuckles and stepped forward. In response to the words “by force”, it was quite adorable of him to become proactive and take this as his time to shine, but in truth, Garfiel was indeed fully qualified.

Thinking that, Subaru also encouraged him with an “I’m counting on you”. ――It happened at that moment.

Garfiel: [――Ahh?]

His long-awaited opportunity having finally come around, Garfiel had been about to challenge the door. Then, before his eyes, the sound of stone scraping against stone rang out as it slowly opened.

Of course, Garfiel had yet to even touch the door.

Opposite to Garfiel as he was astonished by that fact, out from the opened gap in the door――,

???: [――How about that, did it take you by surprise? Considering that there will likely be more people coming to the Tower from here on out, as well as the cleanup of the Miasma drifting over the Augria Sand Dunes, I have constructed a brand new mechanism.]

Audible was the voice of a man brimming with confidence and pride.

The figure of the person to give the statement packed with a smiling, boastful nuance, was slowly but surely exposed to the eyes of Subaru’s party.

Waiting there was a person with neatly trimmed green hair, clad in a black robe.

Robed Figure: [It is a mechanism that funnels a miniscule, yet specific amount of Mana through a magic circle in order to operate the door. Through such means, I have rectified the inefficient state of the Tower starting with its cumbersome gate. I have dubbed this construction the High-Efficiency Sorcerous Induction Door――]

???: [――It’s a door that opens automatically, so it’s an automatic door.]

Robed Figure: [Ngah!??]

As the voltage of his voice increased, right before it was about to hit its apex, a cold voice interrupted like a douse of cold water, leading his vigor to fall flat on its face.

His voice choking up, the robed man looked beside him in shock―― as short as a child, the man pointed to the person standing next to him while trembling all over,

Robed Figure: [Miss Flam! You should know this by now with how many times I have stated it. It may be modest with its convenience and difficult to understand, but it is a brand new technology that someday ought to be used in many facilities. For this reason, an appropriate name is indispensable…]

Flam: [But, it’s hard to say and hard to remember. “Automatic door” works fine.]

Robed Figure: [Such a cheap name…!]

Next to the man frozen up with his eyes widened, a young, peach-haired girl slowly shook her head.

Greeted by two figures who were roughly the same height―― the reception had seemed to leave his side a bit to the wayside but, setting that aside, Subaru called out with a “Heyyy” to the people who had arrived here before them,

Subaru: [Sorry for interrupting while you’re in the middle of something, but you two are…]

Meili: [They’re Sensei-san and Flam-chan, Onii-san.]

As Subaru tried to ask about their identity, Meili interjected like so.

Judging the words she spoke to be “sensei” and the name of a girl, and based on Meili’s attitude of seemingly knowing these people, he was able to guess who they were.

Last time, when Meili visited the Pleiades Watchtower with Felt and the others, they had left behind people at the Tower to keep watch and serve as a means of communication, the Felt Camp’s――

Robed Figure: [Mh, might that be Garfiel-dono over there!? Long time no see, ever since Pristella, eh!? Have you been well, I wonder? It is I, Ezzo Cadner!]

Flam: [Ezzo-sama is as spirited and noisy as always today.]

Ezzo: [Calling me noisy is naught but slander, Miss Flam!]

Saying that, widening his eyes at the girl named Flam in anger, was the one who had given his name as Ezzo Cadner―― the rumored intellectual magician of the Felt Camp.

Being called by Ezzo with familiarity, one might have thought that Garfiel would be delighted at this reunion with an acquaintance, but――,

Garfiel: [A-again, my amazin’ self’s time to shine… gao …]

And, helplessly lowering his extended arm, he was in a dejected state.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――I see. I know not of the finer details, but Priscilla Barielle-sama has…]

Upon hearing the news of Priscilla’s demise, Ezzo offered a silent prayer.

His prayer, mastered to grant rest to a soul, was permeated with a hue betraying definite intellect, which could also be found in the young childlike appearance stemming from his origin as a dwarf.

As a member of the Felt Camp, he was of course aware of Priscilla, a rival Camp; not losing his composure at the news of her passing, however, he turned his gaze towards Al,

Ezzo: [Al-dono, my condolences. I never had the opportunity to meet Priscilla-sama, but I have heard from Miss Felt that she was a formidable opponent, one not to be looked down on. Her eye for character is certain. Your liege was undoubtedly an exceptional personage.]

Al: […Yes, I am grateful, Ezzo-dono.]

Solemnly, Ezzo displayed his condolences towards Priscilla, and Al responded in a humble manner.

A stranger who hid his face behind a steel helmet, and a person who displayed maturity contrary to his young appearance; quite the unnatural exchange from the viewpoint of an outsider, but the exchange of feeling was a sincere one indeed.

Ezzo: [Well then, Natsuki-dono and Garfiel-dono, have you come directly to the Tower from the Empire?]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right. The distance is shorter by going straight to the Tower compared to stopping at the mansion for a bit.]

Ezzo: [I see. Be that as it may, it must have been a tough decision to part from your liege, Emilia-sama. Reinhard-dono, too, is always reluctant to part from Miss Felt, to an exasperating extent.]

Subaru: [That’s because those two have their own way of getting along, I guess… Though, I do suspect that Reinhard might actually enjoy seeing those frowns on Felt’s face.]

Felt was so apathetic to Reinhard that it was refreshing, even. Those reactions of hers perhaps seemed fresh to Reinhard, who everybody would treat with politeness at all times.

If that was indeed the reason why he stayed by Felt’s side, then Reinhard also had a pretty good personality.

Subaru: [Of course, the reason’s probably because she’s his precious master, but… as you said, Ezzo-san, it does bother me that I had to part with Emilia-tan. It’s just that――]

Nearly two months had passed since the time of Emilia and everyone else’s departure from the Kingdom for the Empire.

During that period of time, nothing had progressed in regards to various issues concerned with the Royal Selection, and the changes in their relationship with the Empire had to be reported to the Royal Capital with haste. ――And, that included the information of Priscilla’s passing, which would cause a veritable earthquake as far as the Royal Selection was concerned.

Therefore, they could not afford to delay the report to the Royal Capital.

At the same time, they could not neglect Al, depressed as he was, for long, constraining him despite his desire to head to the Tower. As Ezzo had stated, it had been a tough decision.

Regardless――,

Subaru: [We didn’t get into any major arguments over this. To be honest, I’m aware I was asking for too much, but they knew I was going to propose such a thing, so… I feel kinda sorry.]

Since Emilia and the others had already known what Subaru was going to say, it felt like they had prepared the safest means to grant Subaru’s request to the utmost extent.

It was the utmost extent amidst aforementioned undelayable circumstances such as the report to the Royal Capital and the handling of the Barielle Domain, but, currently, they had allowed Subaru and this group to head to the Pleiades Watchtower.

Ezzo: [No argument over it… Hmhm, is that how it went?]

Subaru: [――?]

Ezzo: [Ahh, nothing, just talking to myself. It is very much like how you appraised the master-servant relationship between Miss Felt and Reinhard-dono; to each their own. After all, I can only imagine the things that happened in the Empire.]

Tracing his slim jaw with his finger, Ezzo nodded in a magnanimous fashion.

There was something relaxing about Ezzo’s manner of speech and attitude while talking to him, so it was no wonder that Meili had called him “sensei”.

Either way――,

Subaru: [Time for a break now that we’ve reached the Tower… is what I’d like to do right about now, but, there’s probably some people who won’t be able to settle down with the objective so close at hand, so, without any further delay…]

Ezzo: [Onwards to the library on Taygeta, hm? Of course, I have no reason to stop you. Only, allow me to verify one thing. ――Al-dono.]

Rushing through their introductions and circumstances, Subaru looked towards the Tower’s entrance―― at the spiral staircase going up five floors, attempting to move the conversation forward, on towards the topic of the Third Floor, their destination. However, he was interrupted by Ezzo calling Al’s name.

As Al turned around in response to that call, Ezzo raised a single finger, and,

Ezzo: [Earlier, I stated that I have never been acquainted with Priscilla-sama, but allow me to say this. From what I have heard of her personality, is it not unthinkable that Priscilla-sama would wish for you to read her Book of the Dead? Even so, do you still desire the Book of your late liege?]

Al: [――――]

Subaru: [Ezzo-san, that’s…]

Ezzo: [Silence, Natsuki-dono. I am asking Al-dono. It is an important matter.]

Right after Ezzo told him to be silent, the tip of his raised finger began to glow faintly, and Subaru felt his own throat become unable to emit sound. Instantly, he guessed that it was some magic of Ezzo’s, and was made aware that he was a user of magic proficient beyond his expectations.

And thus, with Subaru having been forbidden from speaking by force to their side, Ezzo exchanged gazes with Al,

Ezzo: [It is painful to lose somebody close to you. I, and many others, share in this experience. However, it is unthinkable that all those who experience it would then visit this Tower, seeking a Book of the Dead. Much less, if the person inscribed within the Book would not desire that either.]

That which Ezzo spoke, was a sensible opinion so sharp that it could even draw blood.

Al: [――――]

As Al maintained silence, his expression was hidden by his steel helmet, making it impossible to examine it.

However, it was factual that he had sustained a deep, monumental wound, that he was drowning in the blood and pain wrought by that wound. It was also a fact that Subaru, and everybody else, wanted to do something about that.

For that, the Emilia Camp had unanimously――.

Al: [It’s as you say, Ezzo-dono. As you said, there are people who, even if somebody close to them dies, will get back up on their feet by themselves. Even without borrowing the power of the Books.]

Ezzo: [Your agreement is above all else. However, it seems you have more to say.]

Al: [Yeah, I’ve got more. There’s another thing that’s just as you said. Princess―― Priscilla, she wouldn’t want anybody to read her Book of the Dead.]

Ezzo: [――――]

Al: [But, she died.]

With a hum, Subaru’s muted throat rang faintly.

Hearing Al speak of Priscilla’s passing for the first time, Subaru felt a sensation akin to being cut by a sharp blade.

It was beyond pain, it was a sensation moreso akin to blood shedding, causing his body temperature to fall vigorously.

Then, with Subaru and Ezzo having heard those words, Al still continued further――,

Al: [Priscilla’s dead. ――No longer, can she tell me anything.]

Ezzo: [――. I see.]

At that low tone hailing from Al, sounding as if his heart had frozen over, Ezzo cast his eyes down.

Listening to the very same reply Ezzo did, Subaru’s heart was pierced by the everlasting glaciation that had befallen Al’s heart―― at the pitiful, desolate frame of mind upon being bereaved of the flame, of the sun known as Priscilla.

His expression indicating he was experiencing a sensation selfsame with that of Subaru’s, Ezzo gave a brief sigh, and,

Ezzo: [By saying things to test you, I have made you say something you wished not to. I apologize.]

Al: […Nah, it was necessary. For me, to put it into words.]

Indeed, as Al responded in a hoarse voice, Ezzo deeply nodded.

Then, Ezzo snapped his fingers, and,

Ezzo: [Excuse me, Natsuki-dono. I wished to hear him out between just the two of us, without any interruptions.]

Subaru: [Ah, ahhh~, ahhh~, my voice is back… Just now, that was…]

Ezzo: [Yin Magic… is what it may seem, but it is an application of Yang Magic. It is not that you had lost your voice, but rather that it was boosted to a pitch so high that nobody would be able to hear it normally. It is in the register emitted by the likes of bats.]

Subaru: [Is that even possible… I really underestimated you. That and…]

While placing his hand upon his throat, Subaru turned his attention towards Al. Guessing the intention of Subaru’s gaze, Ezzo prefaced with “I understand”,

Ezzo: [Ultimately, it is a matter between the parties involved. It is no place for outsiders to interject. But then again, were doubt or hesitation present, it was within my intentions to stop him indirectly. But presuming this is the only way to move forward, then those who bear the resolve have no choice but to do so.]

Subaru: [Is that… fine?]

Ezzo: [Do not say such ridiculous things. All of you have come to terms with it in your own ways, no? Besides, if I myself died, I would like for people to read my Book of the Dead if they so desired. I would want them to learn everything about my life, and use it as a foundation for the future.]

Subaru: [――――]

Ezzo: [Or rather, while it may not have been in the form of earnest desire, I have already diligently read quite a few Books of the Dead! They would have undoubtedly questioned how I could stoop so low!]

The orderly, mature expression Ezzo had worn until then disappeared as he raised his voice, his expression having returned to the one he had initially displayed when exhibiting the automatic door technology that opened the door of the Tower, bearing great confidence.

While astonished by the sudden change in demeanor, Subaru understood that this was a bit of ingenuity designed to distract from the tense atmosphere Ezzo had created, and thus harbored a favorable impression of Ezzo’s humanity.

In all honesty, having just returned from the Empire, where everyone he met had the potential to become an enemy, Subaru was highly favorable to those he could face with peace of mind.

In any case――,

Ezzo: [Sorry for keeping you. I feel bad for taking stocks away from Natsuki-dono and the rest, who are already familiar with the Tower, but likely at the current moment, I am the one who has visited the Library the most, and so I shall be guiding you myself. ――Towards the main attraction of the Great Library Pleiádes, Taygeta, where the Books of the Dead are stored.]

With that, the time to fulfill their objective in visiting the Pleiades Watchtower, had finally come around.

--- Chapter 10: Limit of Three Days ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The Great Library Pleiádes.

That was the official name of the Tower that Shaula had spoken when first inviting Subaru and the others to this place.

Since Shaula did not seem capable of coming up with such clever words on her own, it was probably something told to her by the Master who had ordered her to manage the Tower.

And thus, Shaula had remembered those words and necessary explanations that had been taught to her with tactless honesty over four-hundred years, and at that moment, she had finally been able to present them.

And now――,

???: [――The Great Library Pleiádes, and its archive of the Books of the Dead, Taygeta.]

Behind Ezzo, as he spread his arms out and declared so, rows of bookshelves were lined up. These bookshelves were arranged in a circular formation around the staircase leading to the lower Fourth Floor, with many rows, many tens of rows, extending outward from there.

Even when considering the rather large circumference of Pleiades Watchtower, there was no way this space could have fit within, so there was likely some expansion of space taking place there.

???: [It isn’t something that couldn’t be achieved through Yin Magic, in fact. However, to construct a technique that maintains its form over multiple centuries without an active caster is a skillful feat beyond the limits of human understanding, I suppose.]

And, to Subaru’s misgivings, Beatrice responded with an expression of wonder.

Beatrice was a Great Spirit of the Yin attribute. Perceiving the sophisticated magic cast upon the Tower, it might have been natural for her to become excited.

Either way――,

???: [――――]

Visiting the archive for the first time, Garfiel and Petra speechlessly widened their eyes, astonished by the overwhelming amount of bookshelves―― nay, by the sheer quantity of the books contained within, that was to say, the Books of the Dead.

That was only natural. At the time of first becoming aware of the true nature of the books here on Taygeta, even while understanding the logic behind it, Subaru too had been left speechless by perceiving the vast number of dead individuals.

Petra: [All of these are… the Books of people who died, right?]

With a few words, Petra muttered in an astonished voice.

As she slightly averted her eyes in dumbfoundment, Subaru thought it only natural. In this aspect, Petra had a considerable amount of guts, there had been many instances in which she had faced situations with a level of tolerance that put grown-ups to shame. It was to the extent that upon encountering Sand Time, which tormented many of the people who challenged the Augria Sand Dunes, she had coped with the sand winds very energetically.

And even though Petra could put up with so much, there was a level of eeriness on Taygeta for which she could not maintain her calmness.

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

The same applied to Garfiel as he looked all around the archive, making a slight noise with his throat.

Rather, for someone like him, one of the two in the Camp, alongside Emilia, who excelled at taking things in stride, perhaps it was not the eerie austerity of the Books of the Dead that might have overwhelmed him, but rather the sheer number of them.

Having just previously seen the hosts of undead in the Vollachian Empire―― the act of witnessing the resurrection and redeath of so many dead individuals, might have spurred on that sensation.

Subaru did have concerns about those reactions from Petra and Garfiel. However, the one he was most concerned about, also visiting this place for the first time, was the person whose objective lay here――,

???: [――――]

Heaving a small sigh, Al looked all around the Library.

His state of astonishment was quieter than Petra’s, and his head looking around the archive was more loose than Garfiel’s, however, that was precisely why there was an air of tension about him.

It was to the extent that Subaru’s throat dried up when trying to call out to him, creating a sense of hesitation in him.

But, while he was hesitating――,

Al: [――I can’t read it.]

And, having calmly approached a bookshelf, Al had removed a single volume in a natural movement, and while skillfully holding it in his elbow, he had flipped its pages wide open.

There had not been even the slightest hesitation in that gesture, and since it had all been so natural, Subaru’s reaction of “Bah!” had ended up being delayed.

Subaru: [W-wait wait wait! Don’t do that so suddenly! You really startled me!]

Al: [Hm… Ah, my bad. It’s just what I saw right in front of me, so I did it subconsciously.]

Subaru: [Don’t you find it scary to suddenly go for things you have no knowledge of!?]

While saying that, Subaru scrambled to take the Book from Al’s hand.

Being greatly shocked by that quick action, Subaru was simultaneously reminded of the danger Al was in. On the journey thus far, he had not made a very strong display of his attitude, but it was likely a result of the strength of his desire for the Book.

Subaru wanted to show that he understood that. But on the other hand, that did not mean he would not reproach Al’s rash behavior.

Subaru: [I told you this already. The Books here are, you know, way more powerful than you could ever imagine. At one point, I was right on the verge of becoming Meili.]

Meili: [Wha~t kinda joke is tha~t! Don’t say such scary thi~ngs!]

Her name listed as an example, Meili raised her voice in opposition, but this was no joke or anything of the sort from Subaru, but a dreadfully true sense of harm possessed by the Books of the Dead.

On the previous journey, in a loop in which Meili had lost her life―― back then, Subaru had read Meili’s Book of the Dead, putting a huge burden on his mind, and immersing him so much in her life that a non-existent Meili began to dwell within him.

To be honest, the affection and familiarity Subaru now felt towards Meili, to a point that she was bewildered by it, was in no small part due to the effects of her Book of the Dead. If affection was something achieved by means of empathy and understanding, then Books of the Dead were the ultimate matchmaker.

But then again, by nature, Books of the Dead would absolutely not grant an opportunity for reunion with a deceased person in a living state, so such a development was only possible for Subaru.

Subaru: [That’s why you have to handle them cautiously. It’s quite possible that you could stop being yourself.]

Al: [To stop being yourself, huh… In a way, that might be the most desirable outcome.]

Subaru: [Al…]

Al: [It’s a joke, just a joke. Just an unfunny, worthless joke.]

As Al pitifully spilled out words of self-abandonment, Subaru’s cheeks stiffened.

Hoping that it might serve as the impetus for him to get back on his feet, Subaru had listened to Al’s request, and had brought him to the Tower. However, his doubts regarding whether this was a drastic method that would help or if it would actually end up deepening his wounds grew stronger.

Ezzo: [Natsuki-dono’s admonishment a moment ago was precisely correct. With the rebuking of Al-dono’s careless action already completed, I would very much like for Garfiel-dono and Miss Petra to be sufficiently careful as well. Should you heedlessly undertake the effects of a Book, it is quite possible that your mind might sustain an everlasting wound.]

And, behind Subaru and Al’s exchange, Ezzo cautioned the first-time visitors.

Like Subaru, Ezzo’s words were filled with a nuance only possible from someone who had experienced the feedback from a Book of the Dead.

Without a doubt, just like Subaru and Julius, he was one of the people who had connected with a Book of the Dead――,

Ezzo: [While typically regarded without much importance, wounds upon the mind are quite the troublesome affair. There is no prospect to recover from them via healing magic, and there are many instances in which they are made light of due to the fact that they are not outwardly visible. Even aside from that, the influence of Miasma upon these lands is potent, so you may be prone to feeling low in spirits. As one of the senior folk here, if you feel anything wrong at all, please inform me immediately.]

Subaru: [T-thank you very much, Ezzo-san…]

Flam: [A splendid attitude to have as the eldest one here, Ezzo-sama. As expected, there’s the implication that you fainted with wide eyes, frothing at the mouth and experiencing incontinence, when you first read a Book of the Dead.]

Ezzo: [Miss Flam!? You promised not to say anything about that, did you not!?]

Flam: [Seeing you convulse like that in the Library made my eyes widen quite a bit as well.]

Ezzo firmly struck his chest in a reliable manner, but once Flam, his supposed ally, exposed his disgrace, he widened his eyes. Hearing that recount of Ezzo’s experience, the expression of Petra, who had once looked at him with a gaze of respect, began to cloud over as she said “Ezzo-san…?”.

At the gaze from the young girl, Ezzo hurriedly gestured,

Ezzo: [Ah, no, that is incorrect! Well, it may not be incorrect, but Miss Flam’s descriptions were too effective as a cautionary tale. Certainly, at first I was unable to bear it and fainted in quite a predicament, but ever since, I have learnt the trick behind reading the Books and have thus not failed in such a manner again!]

Garfiel: [A trick behind readin’ the Books? Somethin’ like that really exists?]

Ezzo: [It does! To put it plainly, it is to clear your mind. To close off your heart. If you enter such a frame of mind and put yourself to the side, then you can treat the incoming information as nothing more than information.]

Flam: [You make it sound so easy, but no matter how many times I hear it, I still do not understand.]

As Flam slowly shook her head, Ezzo looked around at the others in search of agreement. However, neither Petra, nor Garfiel, nor Subaru, nor Bearice, and most definitely not Meili, understood.

At the lack of a favorable response, Ezzo cried out “Impossible…!” in shock.

Regardless of Ezzo’s shock, if it was truly possible to protect one’s mind through the method he had spoken of to successfully read the Books of the Dead, then this was indeed a marvelous thing.

As someone who had actually read Books of the Dead, Subaru understood just how absurd that was. To be honest, even after hearing about the trick just now, Subaru did not think he was capable of doing the same thing.

Subaru: [You’ve got it, right? It’s possible to go into an unrecoverable state by doing something careless. So, for touching any Books outside of the one you’re looking for…]

Al: [I’d better stop. ――I got it. I’ll heed your warning. Even without that, it was thanks to bro and the others that I got to the Tower without any trouble . I’m not gonna complain.]

Subaru: […Well, that’s fine I guess.]

With those words, Subaru returned the Book he had taken from Al to the bookshelf. He did not know the name of the person written on the binding, but he handled it carefully as the sensation was akin to touching a tombstone.

Indeed, the Books of the Dead felt similar to tombstones or grave markers. That was why, he felt a strange sense of resistance against making a racket here.

Anyway――,

Ezzo: [Amidst this vast number of Books, finding the one you seek will be difficult. It would be ideal to really concentrate your energy on searching for it. ――After all, the Books on these bookshelves may still continue to increase even at this very moment.]

The comment added by Ezzo spoke of a steep journey distinct to the one of crossing the sand sea, with the meaning of scaling a sea of Books with no certain means of victory.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――I, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient Covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]

A deep, solemn voice reverberated, shaking the very souls of those who heard it; the voice of a being of a higher existence.

With the vast, blue sky as a backdrop, a majestic Dragon perched at the very top of the towering structure―― The Divine Dragon Volcanica loomed over Garfiel, who stood there, stunned.

It was not the first time he had seen a Dragon.

On the contrary, during the recent Great Disaster in the Vollachian Empire, Garfiel had been entrusted by Subaru and the others to face off directly against the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia, engaging in a fierce battle with it.

The battle spoke for itself. Garfiel did not think he had outright defeated the Cloud Dragon.

Even so, the fact that he had not been beaten was something Garfiel took pride in.

Dragons were considered the most powerful creatures in this world. Whether human, demi-human, Witchbeast, or Spirit, they all paled in comparison to Dragons, which stood at the top of the rankings.

Though imperfectly, having fought against one of those top-tier beings, Garfiel felt as though he had broken through a barrier.

However――,

Volcanica: [――Thou, who hath reached the top of the Tower. Step forth onto the First Floor, almighty petitioner.]

The majestic, blue-white shining Divine Dragon Volcanica rested its wings leisurely at the top of the Tower. His instincts clearly understood that it was on a completely different dimension from the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia.

While it was not evident from its appearance, the experience as a Dragon between Volcanica and Mezoreia was as vast as the difference between an adult and a child.

???: […I had only heard about it because I missed the chance to see it last time, but seeing it for real is something else.]

As Subaru looked up at the Dragon behind Garfiel, he expressed his awe.

Subaru had been sent to the Empire before he had a chance to encounter Volcanica at Pleiades Watchtower. Although he had seen the Cloud Dragon in the Empire, he was just as moved as Garfiel upon gazing the Divine Dragon Volcanica in person.

Because Emilia and Volcanica once fought each other.

Garfiel: [Emilia-sama, ya were bein’ too damn reckless…]

???: [Honestly, Betty also felt like she was barely alive, in fact. It wasn’t just Emilia, but Subaru, Ram, Anastasia, and everyone else were all in trouble too…]

Subaru: [Yeah, back then you were worried sick about us, Beako. Thanks for everything.]

Recalling those times, Subaru had a serious expression as he patted Beatrice’s head, but from what he had heard, it had not been the kind of conclusion that could be spoken about with such a heartwarming scene.

At that time, Subaru had lost his memory, Meili had betrayed them, and they had clashed with the Sage and Gluttony, causing quite a commotion.

Garfiel: [If my amazin’ self’d been there, the Captain wouldn’t’ve been sent flyin’ all the way to the Empire…]

Beatrice: [Hm, that’s quite the claim, I suppose. Garfiel, are you saying that you could handle problems that even we couldn’t deal with, in fact?]

Garfiel: [Ugh, no, that ain’t what I meant, but…]

Beatrice: [One of Betty’s pretty jokes , I suppose. Betty knows you didn’t mean that, in fact.]

Beatrice laughed at Garfiel, who was flustered, thinking he might have said something careless. As Garfiel breathed a sigh of relief, Subaru said, “Anyways,” before continuing,

Subaru: [I caused everyone a lot of worry. I won’t say it was good that we got sent over there, but when I think about how the Empire might have been destroyed if we hadn’t been there, well…]

Beatrice: [It having turned out alright , is not something we can say, I suppose. Especially, when considering Al’s feelings, in fact.]

Garfiel: [It’s not just that guy. Schult ‘n the ol’ man were the same way.]

Beatrice and Garfiel responded to Subaru’s words, while he scratched his cheek with his finger.

In Garfiel’s mind, the image of the Camp collapsing after Priscilla was gone came to mind.

With Heinkel gone and Al seeking the Book of the Dead, even the most optimistic Schult was desperately trying to pull himself together, but he was still in shambles. It was too worrying―― no, it was too cruel to leave everything to Roswaal alone, so he was relieved that Frederica was there to accompany him.

He wished he could help all of them, one by one, to move forward――,

Garfiel: [Sorry for taggin’ along like this, Captain. I jus’ really wanted to see the Divine Dragon for once.]

Subaru: [I was curious too, so it’s not something you need to apologize for. It’s natural for fans to be interested if they find out a celebrity is staying on the upper floors of a hotel … Although, going to try to meet them might be bad manners , huh? Maybe this is overstepping?]

Beatrice: [There is no reason for anyone to blame you, I suppose. If anyone has the right to blame, it would be the Dragon itself, in fact. But…]

Volcanica: [――I, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient Covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]

Beatrice: [It is as you see, I suppose.]

Beatrice shrugged at the vague nature of Volcanica’s response.

Garfiel had also been skeptical, but upon actually meeting Volcanica, he realized that it was true that the long, long passage of time had made the Dragon’s perception of the world quite vague. Even so, the extraordinary aura it radiated was what set this exceptional Dragon apart.

In any case――,

Garfiel: [I’m realizin’ again that there’s always someone stronger. I’ve gotta make sure I don’t get too full of myself.]

Subaru: […You’re strong, Garfiel. I’d reach you on the list of the strongest people I know quicker by counting from the top.]

Garfiel: [Ain’t it my amazin’ self’s job to get to the top, tho’?]

After ascertaining his own standing, he gave Subaru’s chest a light poke to let him know that he was not disheartened. Subaru let out a soft grunt from the impact of his fist, and then nodded with tears in his eyes.

And, as they were talking――,

???: [――Oh, so you were indeed with the Divine Dragon after all.]

At that moment, Ezzo, who had come from the stairs, joined them.

Ezzo glanced at Garfiel, Subaru, then at Volcanica beyond them, and,

Ezzo: [I understand. The mysteries of this tower are sure to pique one’s curiosity, but the Divine Dragon, Volcanica, a being who was indispensable in the establishment of the Kingdom of Lugunica as we know it today, is yet another subject of great interest!]

Subaru: [Haha, it’s probably different from Ezzo-san’s perspective, but I also admire Dragons . Volcanica’s way too big for it, but the idea of being something like a Dragon Rider is a classic fantasy for boys.]

Garfiel: [ Dragon Rider …!? Captain, ya gotta tell me more ‘bout that later.]

Subaru: [Sure. Though having said that, it’s kinda like the flying dragon riders from the Empire.]

Garfiel’s intuition was triggered by the unfamiliar words that Subaru uttered while he nodded his head. He had a hunch that it was probably something extremely exciting and awesome.

Observing the exchange between Garfiel and Subaru, as Ezzo tilted his head and touched his chin,

Ezzo: [I see. I thought we might discuss the significance of the Divine Dragon from an historical or scholarly standpoint, but that will have to wait for another time. ――Now then, Natsuki-dono, as requested, I have finished explaining the Library to Al-dono. For now, I have placed Miss Flam by his side.]

Subaru: [Thank you, it’s a huge help. I haven’t really had a chance to properly speak with Flam-chan yet, but is it alright to leave her there?]

Ezzo: [Your concern is unnecessary. She is the type who will clearly say no if she is adverse to something. Though, as a servant, it is a bit concerning that she says it so often…]

Beatrice: [We are quite accustomed to maids who say no to things they are adverse to, in fact.]

Garfiel: [Ahh, that’s for sure. Ain’t that the truth.]

Garfiel and Subaru exchanged glances and nodded in response to Beatrice’s remark.

Garfiel’s beloved, both proud and self-aware, was indeed a woman who could clearly express her opinions, regardless of her position as a maid. He liked that about her.

Thinking about it, Flam was like that too, so maybe it was just that women with peach hair were strong.

Ezzo: [Incidentally, Miss Flam has a twin sister named Miss Grassis, not only are they similar in appearance, but also in personality, which is quite troubling.]

Subaru: [You guys sure have a lot of variety over at Felt’s place, with Rom-jii, Tonchinkan and all… speaking of which, Ezzo-san, how did you end up over there with Felt?]

Ezzo: [I was once indebted to Miss Felt and Reinhard-dono. I think it would be appropriate to say that they took an interest in me and brought me in because of that connection.]

Subaru: [In that case, you were a great find. Kinda like our Otto.]

A find, such was an expression that Otto himself often used, but as for commonalities between Otto and Ezzo, it would probably be their green features. Though, Otto had it in his attire, while Ezzo’s was in his hair.

Green finds were excellent and reliable. Thinking that, Garfiel could not help but chuckle.

Ezzo: [It seems you are enjoying yourself, Garfiel-dono.]

Garfiel: [It’s nothin’, just some worthless thoughts. More importantly, bein’ called “dono” like that feels a lil’ awkward. “Dono~” just sounds so over the top, if ya get what I’m sayin’.]

Ezzo: [Is that so? I do not personally think so, but… in that case, I will address you as Garfiel-kun, as I do with Rachins-kun and the others.]

Garfiel: [Sure, ain’t like it’s our first time meetin’ either. Please go ahead ‘n use that.]

As Garfiel waved his hand, Ezzo nodded with an “Understood”.

At that exchange between Garfiel and Ezzo, Subaru looked back and forth between the two, and said, “Speaking of which”,

Subaru: [You two have met each other before, right? From where?]

Ezzo: [I am sure you recall the Pristella Incident… when the Watergate City was attacked by the Witch Cult led by their Sin Archbishops. I was called by Miss Felt to help with the aftermath, and thus entered the city. That is where I became acquainted with Garfiel-kun and Otto-dono.]

Subaru: [I see, so it was during that time…]

Garfiel: [Oh, ‘n there was a bit of a quarrel that went down then, too… well, it’s kinda a long story.]

That, was during the time when Subaru and the others had departed for the Pleiades Watchtower.

While Otto stayed behind in Pristella to recover from his injuries, Garfiel had aided with the city’s reconstruction, and assisted in the retrieval of the Witch’s Remains that had been sealed beneath the city. One of the members of that excavation team was Ezzo―― along with Garfiel, Ricardo, and, for some reason, Liliana. [1]

Beatrice: [Just from what has been said, it sounds like a group that would get into a great amount of wrangling, I suppose…]

Ezzo: [Albeit challenging, it was a time from which I learned a great deal. Of course, I was helped by Garfiel-kun many times. Though it feels strange to say it in front of him, he is a remarkable young man.]

Subaru: [Hehe, not at all, not at all.]

Beatrice: [That much is trivial for him, in fact.]

It was a bit embarrassing to see Subaru and Beatrice looking even happier than Garfiel at Ezzo’s unashamed and bold praise.

In truth, Garfiel also deeply understood that Ezzo had more than just a big head, and that he was an excellent magician in a battle situation. Though, it was a bit frustrating that he had underestimated Ezzo due to having an even more outstanding magician so close to him usually.

Ezzo: [――Now then, while it is not unfavorable to deepen our friendship, let us get through the issue at hand before doing so. I am having Miss Flam watch over him, but let us discuss Al-dono.]

Subaru: [――. About Al.]

Ezzo: [Indeed. There is just one thing I would like to verify, but… I suspect that Al-dono’s objective may lie in the resurrection of Priscilla Barielle-sama, but what are your thoughts?]

Subaru: [Wha…!?]

Garfiel: [Ahh?]

As Ezzo stroked his chin and spoke, Subaru and Garfiel’s voices overlapped.

At the sudden utterance of the word “resurrection”, at the very least, Garfiel’s comprehension could not keep up. Next to Garfiel’s befuddlement, Beatrice narrowed her round eyes,

Beatrice: [Just what do you mean, I suppose? The resurrection of the dead… if it is a matter of the Sacrament of the Immortal King, we’ve had more than enough of that, in fact.]

Ezzo: [I suppose you are referring to the incident in the Empire that I have only heard about in passing. The forbidden art of the Sacrament of the Immortal King captures my interest immensely, but that is not what I am referencing at the current moment. I worry about the method that Natsuki-dono jokingly spoke of earlier.]

Subaru: [I, jokingly…?]

Ezzo: [――A pseudo-resurrection of the dead, accompanied by means of reading the Book of the Dead of Priscilla Barielle-sama, and overwriting himself with her existence.]

Subaru: [――――]

Without any intonation in his voice, the words void of any emotion spoken by Ezzo permeated into his brain.

A pseudo-resurrection of the dead―― the contents of Ezzo’s words did not make sense to Garfiel. However, he knew from Subaru’s astonished expression, with sweat forming on his forehead, that it was not a nonsensical idea that could be laughed off.

Subaru was left speechless. Gazing at that state of his, Ezzo continued.

Ezzo: [As I mentioned previously, I have already read Books of the Dead, twelve of them in fact. The predicament I found myself in, the first time around, was a complete failure that I cannot bear to speak about, in accordance with Miss Flam’s statements. And, following the sensation I experienced at that time… provides an argument that the overwriting of the mind is possible.]

Beatrice: […Subaru did say that their Memories almost blended together, I suppose. But, it is difficult to imagine that the reader’s consciousness would then completely disappear, in fact.]

Ezzo: [With the sensation of blending and mixing together, that is indeed true. However, what if the reader was prepared with a state of mind to accept all of it? If they were to go in with the attitude that they would disappear from the start, would the mind of the person read from the Book not then take hold without any resistance?]

Beatrice: [――――]

Ezzo: [Of course, this is just an armchair theory. It is not as though I have actually tested it. Only, when considering the motives of someone who seeks out the Book of the Dead of an important person they have lost, it is an idea that comes to mind.]

As Ezzo spoke of his deductions at length, a deep, uncharacteristic frown was borne upon Beatrice’s brow.

Hearing that from the side, Garfiel had no room to interject. He had been working his mind to try to get his head around it, and thought that he was beginning to understand it on a surface level.

However, even if the Books of the Dead were completely filled with the memories and feelings of the dead――,

Garfiel: [Somethin’ like that, wouldn’t really be comin’ back to life.]

Ezzo: [Ho, why do you think so?]

Garfiel: [‘Cuz… Hk, ‘cuz, that thing. The soul! The soul ain’t there. It ain’t somebody inside a Book.]

As his mind got all jumbled up, Garfiel gnashed his canines and responded so.

It was not something he could provide reasoning for, or properly explain. However, since it was unthinkable that people were made up of nothing more than Memories and Information, he answered so.

To Garfiel’s response, Ezzo narrowed his eyes,

Ezzo: [Yes, I am of the same opinion as Garfiel-kun.]

Garfiel: […Huh?]

Ezzo: [What is with that idiotic expression and voice? It is ruining your masculinity. Maintain a dignified air.]

As Garfiel somehow managed to wring out an answer, Ezzo looked at his troubled face, raised a finger, and continued, “You see…”,

Ezzo: [Garfiel-kun’s observation has hit the nail right on the head. Even if the Books of the Dead describe everything about the dead, even if the experiences and emotions accompanying those descriptions can be lived through vicariously, and even supposing the mind can be overwritten, that would not be a resurrection of the dead. It would be the birth of a distinct entity that shares the memories, experiences, and emotions of the dead.]

Subaru: [A distinct entity, that shares in memories, experiences, and emotions…]

Ezzo: [I do not consider that to be a true resurrection of the dead. I wonder if many would not also intuitively think that way? That is why, I wish to ascertain. ――Does Al-dono desire to resurrect the dead? If for that purpose, he has chosen the method of a Book of the Dead, his wish shall not be granted.]

Subaru: [――――]

Ezzo: [But, then again, if he wishes to keep Priscilla-sama within his heart, that is yet another plan.]

Slowly shaking his head, Ezzo brought his own thoughts to a close.

Being prompted to think through that manner of speaking, Garfiel’s teeth had ended up clattering, and he then peeked at Subaru’s state.

Subaru ought to have been the one who wanted to sympathize with Al’s feelings, and do something for him, the most. Hearing what Ezzo had just said, just what would Subaru think?

Subaru: [Am I an idiot? No, I am definitely an idiot.]

Beatrice: [Subaru…]

Subaru: [Until I was told about it, I hadn’t even considered such a possibility… I simply thought that Al just wanted to know what Priscilla was thinking in her final moments. That, and I was also hoping that he might be able to get himself together while searching for the Book…]

Pressing his fist against his forehead, Subaru blamed himself for not having thought of it. Witnessing his pitiful state of self-reproach, Garfiel grabbed the arm pressing his fist against his forehead with a “Captain”.

No relief would come from tormenting himself like that. This was something that Garfiel deeply understood through the white scar upon his own forehead.

Ezzo: [I do not think you ought to be blamed for not having thought of it. This is just something that I could think of because I have had the experience of actually reading Books of the Dead, as well as the tendency to look at things with a multi-layered approach. There remains room for doubt on whether Al-dono intends to enact such a thing. But――]

Subaru: [I know. I really do, Ezzo-san. ――If by some chance, Al wants to disappear so Priscilla can return, that’s a no-go.]

Firmly clenching his molars, there was strength in Subaru’s eyes as he responded to Ezzo. Then, Subaru looked towards Garfiel, who had grabbed his hand,

Subaru: [My bad, I caused you to worry.]

Garfiel: [Ain’t somethin’ ya need to apologize for. This time, it’s my amazin’ self’s job to worry ‘bout’cha, Captain. Both Ottobro ‘n Emilia-sama’re really countin’ on me a ton, after all.]

Subaru: [Well, guess there’s no helping it.]

As Garfiel released his hand and shrugged his shoulders, Subaru gave a wry smile and dropped his own shoulders. Then, Subaru muttered “Alright” and,

Subaru: [Let’s all agree to not say anything about this to Al. If he hasn’t thought of it himself, then it might go to serve as unnecessary encouragement. Just make sure not to leave Al alone.]

Garfiel: [If he searches for the Book when he’s by himself ‘n ends up readin’ it, there won’t be any way to stop him.]

Ezzo: [It would be ideal to locate the Book before he does. Whether you intend to show him the Book or not, having the Book grants you the initiative.]

Subaru: […Though, I don’t wanna think about it like a scramble for initiative.]

Garfiel: [Captain…]

Considering the possibility that Al might end up not knowing what to do, Subaru feebly muttered in the midst of the conversation.

To begin with, the reason they had brought Al to the Tower like this was to prevent him from ending up at a loss for what to do. And yet, if the act of coming here caused Al to not know what to do, then it was an act akin to putting carriage before ground dragon.

Garfiel: [――――]

Fixing his gaze on the floor of the Tower by his feet, Garfiel cursed the Pleiades Watchtower.

For what reason did the Tower store the memories of the dead in the form of Books of the Dead, tempt the hearts of those who sought them, and torment Subaru and the rest of them?

Beatrice: [Al is currently searching for the Book he seeks in the Library, I suppose?]

Ezzo: [Yes, he should be.]

Beatrice: [What of the girl named Flam, who you left together with him? What sort of girl is she, in fact?]

Ezzo: [She is an attendant of Felt-sama… or rather, she is a servant of House Astrea. She is the descendent of a family that has served House Astrea for generations, so albeit young, she possesses strength that is not to be made light of. Without magic, I would not be able to do a single thing against her.]

At Ezzo’s explanation, Garfiel was able to understand Flam’s posture from earlier.

He had not seen her moving with agility, but Flam’s standing posture was by far the most beautiful one there―― she kept her center of gravity prepared in a manner that rivaled Ram. That was not to say that her abilities were equal to those of Ram, but since she worked for House Astrea, it was probably fine to expect her to have strength corresponding to that role.

Ezzo: [In all likelihood, Al-dono will forgo food and sleep in favor of searching for the Book. We also intend to offer help to split up the labor in the search, but… what is the timeframe of your sojourn at the Tower?]

Subaru: [――We plan to stay for three days. Al’s also accepted that.]

Three days, that was the predetermined period of their sojourn at the Pleiades Watchtower.

Even if Priscilla’s Book of the Dead were to not be located in that time, they would leave the Tower after three days, and return Al to the Barielle Domain, where he would stay by Schult’s side.

That was why, until then, Subaru wished to create an impetus for Al to regain his footing, and Garfiel had likewise approved of that point.

It would be good if these three days could be used to serve a constructive purpose for Al.

And, ensuring that this time would not be used for anything else was――,

Garfiel: [――The duty that my amazin’ self’s gotta fulfill here no matter what.]

Clenching his fists so tightly that his bones began to creak, Garfiel firmly assumed his own responsibility.

In order to accomplish what had been entrusted to him by Emilia, Frederica, Otto, Ram, and Rem, who were not present here. ――And, by Roswaal too.

Volcanica: [――Thou, who hath reached the top of the Tower. Step forth through the First Floor, almighty petitioner.]

Indeed, as Garfiel resolved himself to paint over the disquieting possibilities, the eyes of the Divine Dragon, the target of their gaze unclear, oversaw him and his allies with their unchanged state of ambiguity.

Translation notes:

[1] The Web Novel diverges from its own canon and is taking from the Light Novel here. In the Web Novel, Capella’s request in Pristella is to bring “twenty couple who really love each other”, however, this is changed in the Light Novel to be the remains of a Witch kept in the city, which are surmised to be Typhon’s by Al. There’s heaps of changes in the Light Novel regarding this, but that’s the summarized form that matters here.

--- Chapter 11: You Are No Longer Among Us ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [I know everyone is worried, but I think they’re acting a little too crude.]

While preparing dinner for everyone inside the Pleiades Watchtower, Petra expressed her thoughts on the awkward atmosphere.

It had already been half a day since they arrived at the tower, and they had a time limit of three days for their stay, so Subaru and the others had rushed to the Library to search for the Book they were looking for.

Petra was busy preparing dinner for the group, who would surely come back hungry, but the atmosphere in the library nearby was terrible.

Petra: [Neither Subaru nor Garf-san were able to concentrate on finding the Book at all. Hey, are you listening?]

The one to nod absentmindedly In response to Petra’s question with a “Yeah, I hear you” was Meili. She scooped out some of the contents of the pot Petra was heating on the stove with a small spoon and tasted it,

Meili: [Yes, this is deli~cious. Petra-chan, your cooking is getting better and be~tter.]

Petra: [Thanks, but I still have a long way to go before I can reach the heights of Frederica-neesama, so I’ve got to keep working hard. Besides that, the formidable Rem-neesama has returned…]

Meili: [Would she really be a formidable oppo~nent? Ram-oneesan’s younger sister doesn’t remember anything, ri~ght? Then, I don’t think she is any threat to you, Petra-chan, either in cooking or anything el~se.]

Petra: [You don’t know that. She fell in love with him once, so it wouldn’t be strange at all for her to fall in love with him again… or rather, I think it’s already a little strange.]

Petra lowered her voice and questioned the atmosphere between Subaru and Rem.

Having been asleep for a long time, Rem’s awakening made Petra happy. Subaru and Ram had always been concerned about her, and Petra had also looked after her as she slept every day. She was fully aware of how cherished Rem was.

To be honest, she also thought that if Rem had not woken up sooner, she would not have been able to assess her love rival’s strength.

Once Petra did meet and speak with Rem in person, she got quite a good impression from her earnest and hardworking attitude, but there was something off―― something strange about her. Due to her lack of memory, she’d had quite a few disputes with Subaru, and even now, she seemed to be responding to him in a relatively cold and harsh manner.

Petra: [But, it’s still strange.]

Meili: [Hmmm, I see~. But onii-san might have that kind of side to hi~m. No matter how much I gla~re at him, he makes it all seem kind of silly~.]

Petra: [Yeah, that’s right. I thought Subaru was a strange person at first too… Wait, wasn’t the way you just said that strange, Meili-chan?]

Meili: [Stop i~t, you worry too mu~ch.]

Meili stuck out her tongue and raised her hands with a displeased look on her face. Petra stared at her with a “mu~” expression and withdrew her suspicion for the time being.

Before departing for the Empire, Meili had stated that Petra was overthinking things as if the former’s return from the Pleiades Watchtower, but Petra thought it not a bad idea to be this cautious when it came to Subaru.

Anyone could understand Subaru’s appeal if they spent some time with him. And if they understood his appeal, the possibility of their feelings turning into something more special would increase dramatically.

Petra: [Even in the Empire, he made a good impression on a lot of people while he was away from us… Subaru increased the number of people who liked him by about a thousand.]

Meili: [That’s got to be an exaggera~tion. A thousand people is way too much…]

Petra: [The number kept going up. It was mostly men, so that was good, but you can’t let your guard down.]

Meili, who had not seen the real thing, laughed it off as a joke, but Petra was not in the mood to laugh it off.

While clenching her fist vigorously, she stirred the pot with her other hand to prevent it from boiling over, but her heart was always overflowing with thoughts of Subaru.

If she did not do so he would surely wander away from her sights, unconsciously approach someone hurt, and go to great lengths for them.

――Just like how now they were at the tower to help Al move forward.

Petra: [So, about Al-san…]

Meili: [Oh, you were saying something about being crude or wha~t not. What do you mean by tha~t?]

Petra: [I’m just saying what I see. Subaru and Garf-san are too obvious in their attempts to keep an eye on Al-san…]

Meili: [True, those two don’t seem like they’d be good at keeping an eye on some~one… Which person is Al-sa~n? The little guy? The guy in the helmet?]

Petra: [Meili-chan…]

After she had finished tasting the food, Meili moved away from the pot and sat down on the luggage that was lying there. As she rested her chin on her hands and gave that disinterested response, Petra pouted with a “Geez”.

As she had only joined the group partway through, and had therefore only heard bits and pieces of what happened in the Empire, it was no wonder――,

Petra: [Don’t act like you’re already done with your work. You’re one of us, Meili-chan, so try to take an interest in it.]

Meili: [Even if you say that, I don’t have any work until we head ho~me. Even if you tell me not to look like I’m all done, I can’t help i~t… Also, Petra-chan, I don’t think I’m cut out to be a member of your grou~p.]

Petra: [You don’t have to worry about that anymore. After all, didn’t you go to the Capital and get the Council of Wise Men’s pardon? You should be proud of yourself. Hold your head up high, with that cute face of yours.]

Meili: [Ye~s, it is a cute face.]

Petra sighed at Meili, who sat with her hands on her cheeks and a serious expression on her face, not even a smile.

Meili really was not a bad girl at heart, but she had become so used to pretending to be a bad girl that it had become a way of life for her. She herself had started to lose track of whether she was being genuine or pretending. Probably.

Petra: [Ugh… There are so many people I have to teach from square one…]

Meili: [You always seem so busy, Petra-cha~n. I wonder if you ever get ti~red.]

Petra: [You’re one of the causes! Besides…]

Meili: [Besi~des?]

Petra: [I can’t say I’m tired. If even the person I want to rest the most doesn’t rest, it makes it even harder to raise the issue, don’t you think?]

Meili: [――――]

Petra: [Oh, the person I want to rest isn’t Otto-san, okay? Otto-san should himself make some time and get a good night’s sleep. At least six hours a day!]

Although Otto was used to not sleeping, it was, unlike Roswaal, not because he did not need much sleep, but because he was just overdoing it. As proof, there were times when he would sleep for more than half a day like a corpse after he had finished a big job.

Petra: [Even though I’ve told him that he shouldn’t compare himself to Master, who’s cheating with his own constitution, he doesn’t listen to me at all.]

Meili: [Hehe… I’m not good at talking like that either, bu~t you really don’t like that lord, do you, Petra-cha~n? Aren’t you relieved that you’re not with hi~m?]

Petra: [That’s true. Because of that, I ended up going separately from Frederica-neesama, but it means that she trusts me.]

This was the first time that Petra had been left in charge of a long journey of ten days or more, although she had been left in charge for a day or two previously. At the meeting of the Western Margraves, and on the journey to the Empire, Frederica or Ram had always been with her. This time, however, Petra had been left on her own.

For that reason, her enthusiasm was different. She had to keep an eye on everyone.

Petra: [That’s why I’m worried about Al-san too… He’s the one with the helmet.]

Meili: [Yeah, yeah, he’s quite a conspicuous ma~n. Isn’t he the reason we came to the To~wer?]

Petra: [That’s right. He really wanted to read a certain Book of the Dead… I think it’s a good thing, if reading it makes him feel better.]

Meili: [――? That’s a strange way of putting i~t. Does Al really worry you that mu~ch?]

Petra: [Well, no, I’m more worried about Subaru and Garf-san than I am about Al-san.]

At Petra’s answer, Meili tilted her head and asked, “About Onii-san and Ga~rf-san?”. It seemed that she was more interested in this than the topic of Al, and she looked at Petra with a frown.

Petra responded to Meili’s gaze with a “Because”, and continued,

Petra: [They both think too much about things like it’s their own problem. When your family, friends, or other important people are feeling down, you know how sometimes you get so caught up in trying to cheer them up that you end up getting depressed too?]

Meili: […Who know~s? Is that so~?]

Petra: [Maybe I was foolish to ask you, Meili-chan…]

Petra, who was seeking sympathy, was met with a blank expression from Meili. Feeling a lack of a response, as if pushing against a strong tide, Petra’s worries were directed at Subaru and Garfiel in a six-to-four ratio.

Petra had also heard from Subaru and the others that there was a suspicion that Al’s purpose in searching for Priscilla’s Book of the Dead was to resurrect her.

She had no idea whether this was actually possible, but if it was, Petra could understand why Subaru and the others would want to keep a close eye on Al’s every move.

Petra: [But, even though I originally wanted Al-san to read the Book, I now feel like it might be the opposite, and my head and heart are at odds with each other.]

Petra knew that when there was a discrepancy between one’s head and heart, between reason and emotion, their performance would suffer dramatically. Not just for Petra but for anyone, it went without saying that one’s results would be better when one’s sense of purpose and actual actions were in sync.

Now, could it really be said that Subaru and the others had their minds and actions in sync?

Petra: [――――]

Meili: [If you ask me, Petra-chan thinks too much, too~. ――Oh~?]

And, looking at Petra’s contemplative profile, Meili noticed something and spoke up. Drawn in by the voice, Petra asked “What?” as her eyes fell on someone who had appeared in the entrance to the room.

On the Fourth Floor there were many rooms, and as Petra and her friend were preparing dinner in one of the rooms, they were visited by the person they had just been talking about――,

???: [Yo, I thought something smelled good, are you two girls preparing dinner?]

Saying so, Al gave a light wave and walked over. Flam was quietly following behind him, probably to make sure he was not left alone.

Petra was at a loss for words momentarily at the unexpected appearance of the pair, but,

Meili: [Ye~s, dinner is being prepared… but I’m just watch~ing, Petra-chan is the one co~oking.]

Al: [What, you’re blatantly slacking off? Is what I’d like to say, but Miss Meili’s done a great job on the way here. I can’t really speak all high and mighty to you.]

Meili: [Of co~urse. As long as I’m here, no one can disobey me, you kno~w.]

Al: [No doubt, no doubt. Thank you, thank you.]

Al made a bow to the pompous Meili while using only his right hand to make a gesture of gratitude. While those two talked to each other, Flam walked over to Petra who was mixing a pot,

Flam: [Thank you for your hard work. I apologize for leaving the preparation of our meal to you.]

Petra: [Oh, it is fine. Flam-chan, you were taking care of Ezzo-san until we got here, right? You can leave it to us for a while.]

Flam: [Thank you. Ezzo-sama has a bad habit of quickly forgetting to eat or sleep because he is so absorbed in what is in front of him; it is a problem.]

Petra: [I am familiar with that type of person as well…]

At Flam’s sincere words, Petra nodded deeply out of sympathy.

Flam was also a servant, but she was probably one or two years younger than Petra. As one born into a family that served the Astrea family, it was possible that she had more experience as a servant than Petra, but――,

Petra: [Let us work hard together as the caretakers for everyone. You can talk to me about anything.]

Striking her own chest, Petra spoke to Flam like she was her older sister.

No matter how much her work skills improved, Petra’s position as the youngest in the Camp would not change. No matter how hard she worked, age was the only thing she could not catch up to or surpass, and that was the downside of being the youngest.

Of course, with Beatrice and Emilia being over four-hundred and one-hundred-years old respectively, she could not act like an older sister with them, despite their cuteness.

Therefore, the opportunity to be in contact with someone clearly younger than herself, such as Schult and Utakata in the Empire, was invaluable to Petra.

Flam: [Thank you, Petra-sama. I will do so immediately.]

Petra: [Yes, yes, what is it?]

Flam: [No matter how many times I have told him, the young master has not gotten out of the habit of treating both my sister and myself like children. What should I do?]

Petra: [You mean R-Reinhard-san~?]

With the immediate subject of the consultation suddenly being a big one, Petra was very unsure of how to respond.

Although Reinhard van Astrea and Petra did not know each other directly, everyone in the Kingdom of Lugunica had at least heard rumors of the Knight Amongst Knights.

Petra’s opinion was that Subaru was more amazing as a Knight, but it would be remiss to make such an assessment of someone she had never met in person.

In any case――,

Petra: [However, I know how it feels to be treated like a child when you do not want to be treated like one. In the meantime, you should stop letting him pat you on the head.]

Flam: [The head… well, myself aside, Grassis does not seem to mind being patted on the head by the young master. Myself aside.]

Petra: [It is not like I dislike it or anything, you know? I do not dislike it per se, but the sense of distance in a relationship like that is not good.]

Petra herself was in the process of trying to rectify this stalemate in a relationship. Therefore, her answers to Flam’s questions were very specific.

Hearing the response Petra gave with her fists clenched, Al cleared his throat.

Petra: [Hm, Al-san, what do you need.]

Al: [My bad my bad. But the advice you gave to Flam-chan’s a tad off the mark. Looks like Flam-chan and you have different feelings..]

Petra: [Eh, really? Do you not like Reinhard-san?]

Flam: [I do like the young master, but not as someone of the opposite sex.]

Petra: [Oh, um, right…]

While embarrassed for jumping to the wrong conclusion, Petra stuck out her tongue a bit. And then, she turned her attention to Al and continued with, “That’s surprising”,

Petra: [Al-san, you actually understand this sort of thing.]

Al: [Oioi, I’m a mature old man you know? I’ve been through the sweet and the bitter, though mostly through other people.]

Meili: [If it’s through other people, then you can’t really boast about it, ri~ght?]

Al: [It ain’t boasting, y’know. It’s self-depreciation, self-depreciation… Welp.]

Shrugging his shoulders, Al’s stomach suddenly growled. Petra loosened her lips to that,

Petra: [Please wait a little longer. I will be finished soon.]

Al: [Ah~, my bad for the rush. This one ain’t on me, it’s on my growling stomach.]

Petra responded with a nod and a “Yes sir” to the talkative Al.

And then while exchanging light banter with Al, Petra feared that Subaru and Garfiel’s attitude towards him was excessive.

She understood why they worried with all the varied, tangled assumptions. But at the very least Al could pretend to make a recovery. A truly down and depressed person was incapable of that kind of care for the people around them.

Meili: [Old man, you sure do eat.]

Although probably not reading Petra’s mind, Meili spoke to Al. Al responded with “Of course” to Meili’s words and fiddled with the seams of his helmet.

Al: [Being hungry’s a problem… not eating or drinking drops your performance , and doesn’t it actually take you further away from your goal?]

Meili: [That’s true. But, not drinking, eating, or sleeping is an option. You only have three days after all.]

Petra: [Meili-chan…]

Al: [No no, I don’t mind. I’m aware I have a limit , and it’s obvious to think, are you really serious when you’re taking it that easy?]

Waving his hand, Al could not rebuke Meili’s words that hit the mark too well. Then, he tapped his helmet with the nails of his waving hand and continued with a “But”,

Al: [I’m the Princess’s jester. To say I’ll struggle in a desperate frenzy… I think that’s a bit off.]

Petra: [Al-san…]

Al: [Also, it’s true I promised a limit of three days but, it ain’t set in stone right? Nothing’s measured exactly by an hourglass. Don’t’cha think if I cry, cling and beg, I could pull off an extra half day or so?]

Petra: [――Pfft!]

Petra could not help but burst out laughing once he suddenly brought up such a convenient argument after speaking in such a serious tone.

Truly, if Al really did cry, cling, and beg then they would probably need to extend their stay half a day.

However――,

Petra: [That would be inconvenient for us. Please make sure to properly drink, eat and make time to sleep.]

If they relied on that from the beginning, then there would be no point in a deadline. Above all, the strictness that the rest of them could not do, it was Petra’s job to properly speak that aloud.

Even if she knew that they may eventually overrule her.

Petra: [During these three days, I will be doing my best to help Al-san with Subaru and the others. ――Okay, it is ready.]

Al: [So strict. Woah.]

While he said that, Petra transferred the contents of the pan into a bowl then lightly gave a sample to Al. Al took it, raised the chin of his helmet then brought it to his lips,

Al: [Hot, hot… But, it’s tasty.]

He said in a soft mutter. Petra was satisfied with that.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [I dare say, apart from the Sage who created this Library, I am perhaps the person who has read more Books of the Dead than anyone else in the world. Allow me to state my perspective: I believe that what ultimately makes this Library special, is that it allows for the vicarious reliving of lost history.]

After dinner had concluded, Subaru and the others reentered the Library of Taygeta.

There, while helping Al find the Book he was seeking, as well as simultaneously keeping an eye on Al’s movements, Ezzo had been giving a lecture to the preoccupied Subaru along with the others.

Ezzo’s voice, contrary to his appearance, was low-pitched and projected well in the high-ceilinged Library.

Even though they were in different Camps, and did not share the same goals, his kindness in getting along with them in this way was commendable. However, since Flam was uninterested in joining in on such topics, it could just be that his eagerness to speak on them had exploded.

Regardless, since it was an interesting subject, it was not boring to listen to.

???: [Even so, calling it “reliving lost history” is quite an exaggeration, in fact. Betty is aware that a Book of the Dead gives a glimpse into the life of the one who’s died, but the scale is different, I suppose.]

Ezzo: [Strictly speaking, Miss Beatrice’s understanding is unimpeachable. However, that would only be from a perspective limited to a single Book. On the other hand, when extrapolated across multiple Books, the situation changes.]

Since they had split up to look through the bookshelves, they tended to speak quite loudly; it felt like talking out loud in a school Library, and brought with it a trifling sense of guilty pleasure.

As they continued to talk across the bookshelves, Subaru tilted his head at Ezzo’s reply.

Subaru: [Come to think of it, Ezzo-san has read more than ten Books, right… The Books of the Dead, since you can only read the ones of people you personally knew, isn’t that a pretty high strike rate ?] [1]

Garfiel: [Even tho’ he’s spent all this time holed up in here, I’d agree with’cha. I’ve been lookin’ for more than half a day now, but not a single name my amazin’ self knows has come up.]

Beatrice: [This is a really low strike rate , in fact… Names that are familiar are many, I suppose. But, the names of acquaintances are an entirely different matter, in fact.]

Holding hands with Subaru and looking at the same bookshelf as he was, Beatrice muttered so in a whisper.

In fact, having lived for four-hundred years, the walking encyclopedia that was Beatrice had come across several familiar names every now and then. Perhaps out of concern, she had not made an effort to mention them, but every time she had found one, since there was a reaction from their linked hands, it was not something she could keep hidden from Subaru.

Subaru, as well, had not thought to ask about the people she did not mention.

Al: [To lie here and brag about being a lucky boy , I don’t think Ezzo-san is so vain. If you’re aware of some sorta trick to such good luck, could you please teach it to me?]

Ezzo: [I am sorry to break it to you, but the secret is not luck, Al-dono. Natsuki-dono and his companions ought to be slightly more flexible… and should start by doubting the premise.]

Subaru: [The premise?]

Garfiel: [Doubt it, ya say?]

Ezzo was an eloquent speaker, and yet Subaru and Garfiel furrowed their brows at the proposition he had presented. Ezzo, on the other hand, seemed pleased with their response, saying “Yes!” with evident elation in his voice,

Ezzo: [As Natsuki-dono said, in order for a Book of the Dead to exhibit its potential to the fullest, one must be acquainted with the person in question. I can think of a few reasons why such a restriction might be imposed, but they are all merely speculation, so let us put them aside for the time being. What matters is, given that premise, to relive the lives of those who have died a long time ago… during the Era of the Witches, for example, could be deemed infeasible.]

Subaru: [I really don’t want to look into those, even if I could, but… that premise, you doubt it?]

Garfiel: [Ya sayin’ it can happen? That ya can get to look into those of people other than acquaintances?]

Beatrice: [If such a cheating technique existed, Ezzo would have read more than just twelve Books, I suppose.]

Ezzo: [Hahaha, it is certainly thrilling to have my inquisitiveness recognized as such!]

Although it did not seem like a compliment, Beatrice’s words had put Ezzo in a good mood.

Ezzo seemed like someone who would have been suited to a position like a teacher, and Subaru thought seriously about what he said, but an answer could not come to mind straight away.

Instead――,

Al: [――Though it feels unlikely, a possibility does come to mind.]

Ezzo: [Oh, splendid! Then, perhaps you could explain the possibility that you have surmised?]

Al: [The premise is that you can only read the Books of people you know. Since that’s the case, you can’t read the Books of those who died long ago. ――But, if you know someone who died a long time ago, then you can.]

Subaru: [Wait, that’s true, but weren’t we just saying that it can’t be done?]

Al: [Is that so? You can do it in this place, don’t you think?]

Stating thus, Al made a gesture of looking around the Library of Taygeta. Subaru was initially slow to comprehend what Al had said, and became lost in thought.

But, concerning the point of destroying the premise, and the way Al had just spoken, he did arrive at such a possibility.

That was――,

Subaru: [If you were to read someone’s Book of the Dead, you could relive their life. Which implies that, compared to prior to reading the Book, the range of people you would know would have expanded. If that’s the case, then…]

Beatrice: [By increasingly stacking up acquaintances through this reliving, the number of lives that can be experienced, as well as the time traversed backwards, can also be increased, in fact. What Ezzo meant finally makes sense, I suppose.]

Ezzo: [Reliving lost history…!]

Taking over from Al’s speculation, Subaru and Beatrice, having found such means of utilizing the Books of the Dead, looked towards Ezzo.

Before the eyes of Subaru and the others, he slipped out from behind a bookshelf, spread his arms wide, and nodded.

Ezzo: [Brilliant. It is such a pleasure to see young people solve difficult problems by thinking through it on their own. I, too, although walking ahead of you, find my heart racing.]

Al: [Ahh, sorry, but I’m older than you, Ezzo-san.]

Beatrice: [Betty, too, finds it upsetting to be treated like a young person, in fact. You’re making light of a Great Spirit who has lived for four-hundred years, I suppose.]

Ezzo: [Ahem, I have been rude! However, Natsuki-dono and Garfiel-dono are young people, right? If only you had observed their faces when they arrived at the realization…]

Garfiel: [ Gao …]

The words of the exultant Ezzo came to a stop at the displeasure evident in Garfiel’s expression.

Garfiel, who had been counting something with both of his hands, his emerald-green eyes filled with confusion, tried his best to digest what Subaru and the others had just discussed, and ended up short-circuiting.

Garfiel: [By readin’ the Books, the guys ya know’ll increase? That’ll increase, but the Books left to read’ll decrease? Increase? I don’t get what y’all are sayin’…]

Subaru: […It’s okay, Garfiel. What we were discussing just now, it isn’t relevant to what we are trying to do right now, and it’s something that you can get by without knowing.]

Subaru gave a wry smile as he comforted Garfiel, who seemed to have many question marks floating above his head.

At any rate, they now knew the reason why Ezzo had been able to read twelve Books of the Dead. He had not hit the lottery by being endowed with the absurd luck needed to read twelve Books of the Dead; rather, he dealt with the situation by taking a drastic measure to increase the number of Books that he could read―― by his vicarious experience with the Books of the Dead, he became acquainted with more of the dead in them.

And, just as Ezzo had surmised, by doing so repeatedly, it should have allowed for going back in history a century or two, and it might have even been feasible to look into the time of the Witches from four-hundred years ago, which he had given as an example.

Unfortunately, Subaru was not interested in that era, but――,

Subaru: [――Satella.]

For but a moment, a name flashed across Subaru’s mind, and he closed his eyes to shake off the wicked thought.

Although he had said he held no interest in what had transpired four-hundred years ago, there was one name in particular that did intrigue him. However, the person with that name had not died, but was rather sealed, or so it was said.

Consequently, her Book would not exist within this Library, but even if her Book was here, Subaru was unsure if he would be able to read it. ――To be precise, there really were no means of ensuring it, and honestly, he did not want to find out.

Subaru: [But, even if you know how to get it done, I think reading twelve Books would be suicidal. Impressive work.]

Ezzo: [Of course, even if I did use techniques to empty my mind, it was by no means an easy feat. Each time I read through a Book, it was necessary to separate the original me from the information that flowed in. Concerning safety, about two days of rest would be needed in between.]

Ezzo continued to be quite reckless, but realizing that it was a well-thought-out kind of recklessness, Subaru felt slightly more at ease. However, if he had started a Book every two days, given the present state of having completed twelve Books, it seemed slightly doubtful if that pacing matched.

In any case――,

Al: [I’m not sure I should use the term enjoyable here, but this conversation has certainly been interesting. Thank you .]

Ezzo: [There is a fine line between interest and enjoyment. So long as you are careful about the manner in which it is expressed, there is no need to blame yourself for how you feel. Likewise, for listening to my lecture, you have my gratitude.]

Al: [My deepest thanks.]

Watching as Al politely said so in response to Ezzo’s lecture, Subaru felt like he was beginning to regain his composure.

It did feel dangerous the first time he had so suddenly and carelessly reached for a Book of the Dead; but, even though Priscilla’s Book had not yet been found, the sense of danger that seemed to be emanating from Al’s entire body seemed to have faded considerably.

Although there had been times in which he had made somewhat self-deprecating remarks still, he was honestly relieved to hear a little bit more of the frivolity that was typical of Al.

Subaru: [As expected, it’s hard on the psyche to be in a situation where you’re constantly doubting someone.]

As Subaru said this, he recalled his early days in the Vollachian Empire.

In a situation in which he did not know anyone around him, unaware of whom to trust and whom not to, the time he had spent in constant fear of such things had been quite taxing upon his psyche. In the end, the Pleiades Battalion from Gladiator Island, and eventually Emilia and the others had joined together with him, thereby alleviating such fears.

And so, with the weight on his shoulders lightened, it was when Subaru pulled himself together and looked at the bookshelf.

――He had discovered a Book of the Dead with the name 菜月 ・ 昴 inscribed upon it.

Subaru: [――――]

With bated breath, Subaru motionlessly stared at that Book of the Dead.

It was the same thing that had happened last time. Taking Subaru’s Book of the Dead being present in the Library as par for the course, the act of reading it had served as the key for the “Natsuki Subaru” bereft of his Memories to return to being Natsuki Subaru.

Nonetheless, being faced with it once again caused his stomach to sink. Without any further delay, he decided to avert his eyes from that Book of the Dead and leave the area,

Subaru: [No…]

Wait , Subaru put the brakes on himself.

Subaru’s Book of the Dead being here, was fine. However, would it not be dangerous to avert his gaze and leave it there as it was? ――Present here was Al, who, like Subaru, had been summoned from their original world to this parallel one.

The title of the Book was 菜月 ・ 昴 written in Kanji, but Al might be able to read it. Then, if Al were to find the Book of 菜月 ・ 昴 and heedlessly open it, then was it not quite likely to give rise to some tremendously complicated developments?

For Al to learn of the outrageous things that had occurred in the life Subaru had started in this other world from zero until now, was fine. ――The problem was, if that overlapped with the penalty of learning about Return by Death, Subaru did not know what sort of inconveniences it might bring about.

Subaru: [――――]

The one who seemed to bestow the power of Return by Death upon him, the Witch of Envy―― Satella, Subaru had no choice but to recognize that she did not bear any malice towards him. But on the other hand, it was the truth that he did not believe in the Witch enough to think she would ease up on the penalty.

So, in order to ensure that such a thing did not inadvertently occur, should he not then hide the Book?

Beatrice: [Subaru? You have been quite fidgety for a while now, in fact? Do you need to use the toilet , I suppose?]

Subaru: [No, that’s not it… Errr, to tell you the truth, I found quite an inconvenient Book of the Dead, so if possible I want to move it to a place that’s harder to find.]

Beatrice: [Inconvenient… Don’t tell me, have you located Priscilla’s Book, in fact?]

Subaru: [I guess it’s only natural you’d think so. But no, it’s not that.]

At Beatrice’s suspicion, Subaru shook his head from side-to-side.

He could not reveal Return by Death to Beatrice either, and he had avoided explaining it until now through the power of their bond, but this was a bit of a difficult situation.

Of course, Beatrice could not read Kanji, so she could not read the title of 菜月 ・ 昴 . Having said that, it would be in bad faith to irresponsibly deceive her and hide the Book.

That was why――,

Subaru: [Beako, this is a Book that absolutely must not be read. If someone were to mess up and read it, it’s possible that the Witch of Envy will reach her hands out of her shrine again.]

Beatrice: [Y-you’re speaking of outrageous things all of a sudden, I suppose…! Out of her shrine again, does that mean Subaru will be sent away to the Empire all over again, in fact? Such a thing must not be allowed to happen, I suppose!]

Subaru: [I think the same, and in reality, it might end up coming true. That’s why…]

Saying those words, Subaru pulled the Book in question, that of 菜月 ・ 昴 , out from the bookshelf. While being careful not to open it and inadvertently live through his own experiences again, he softly whispered into Beatrice’s ear.

Hearing that, Beatrice knit her eyebrows as she nodded seriously,

Beatrice: [Murak.]

Then, Beatrice activated her Yin Magic, making Subaru’s body as light as a feather. Liberated from the yoke of gravity, Subaru hopped on top of a bookshelf and stealthily hid the withdrawn Book there.

Subaru: [It’s like I’m a naughty brat who’s up to some serious mischief in the library…]

It was an act that would trouble the librarian, since a Book had not been returned to its original location. In front of Beatrice, who had worked as the librarian of the Forbidden Library for many years, it was an act that lacked the fear of God, but there was no other choice.

After three days, right before they left the Tower with Al, he would need to make sure to remember to return it to its original place.

Subaru: [Though, there’s the concern that Ezzo-san finds it with his curious mind and then reads it… I mean, it would be really bad if anybody reads it, so maybe it would be better to just dispose of it right away?]

???: [Dispose of what, bro?]

Subaru: [UOOOOWAHHH!?]

Having returned to Beatrice after hiding the Book, he had been racking his brains to think of how to handle the Book of 菜月 ・ 昴 , and that was when a voice suddenly called to his back, causing him to shriek.

Causing that extreme shriek to reverberate throughout the archive, Subaru turned around; standing there was Al, taken aback by Subaru’s exaggerated reaction.

Al: [Oioi, you’re getting way too startled. I was just trying to make small talk.]

Subaru: [Ah, yeah, sorry for frightening you. I let out a way louder scream than I meant to.]

Al: [Nahh, wasn’t that big a deal for me, if anything, wasn’t it a bigger issue for her?]

Subaru: [Her?]

Then, looking to where Al was pointing, Subaru let out an “Ah” as he looked at Beatrice. Crouching down, Beatrice covered both her ears with her hands, tears welling in her eyes,

Beatrice: [W-wh-wha-what kind of loud voice was that, in fact…!? My ears, Betty’s ears are ringing, they’ve begun to ring, I suppose!]

Subaru: [I’m sorry! It wasn’t on purpose! I love you!]

Beatrice: [I cannot hear you, in fact! Say it in a louder voice, I suppose!]

Subaru: [Beako lovely ! Beako pretty !]

As Beatrice drew ever closer to crying, Subaru earnestly appealed to her through love. Puffing up her cheeks, Beatrice kept silent after hearing Subaru’s words, and then gave a deep sigh.

And then,

Beatrice: [Well, considering your feelings of love towards Betty, it will be pardoned, in fact. Display your gratitude to my generosity, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I’m grateful, I’m grateful, many thanks, I love you forever. ――Well then, umm.]

Stroking Beatrice’s head as she withdrew her tears, Subaru turned to face Al once again. Al, who had been watching over his lovey-dovey time with Beatrice, prefaced with “Ah, you done?” as he fiddled with the fixtures on his helmet,

Al: [Whenever I look at it, you really are deeply in love with that Spirit of yours, ain’t’cha bro? Sorry for getting in the way of your honeymoon.]

Subaru: [Don’t worry about that at this point. If anything, delaying my time with Emilia-tan and the others after returning from the Empire is way more… Wait no, I’m sorry!]

When Al lightheartedly made banter, Subaru had tried to respond in his usual tone, but realizing that he was making an exceedingly careless comment, he covered his mouth with his hand.

However, while Subaru was regretting that comment, Al put on a wry smile,

Al: [Welp, y’ain’t wrong. You’re completely right, bro. Rather, lemme thank you again. Even if it’s just three days, it must have been troublesome to set aside this time for me.]

Al conveyed his gratitude, to which Subaru could not easily come up with a reply.

In their journey to the Pleiades Watchtower to search for a Book of the Dead, it was none other than Al himself who had proposed a sojourn of three days at the Tower. Of course, that may have also just been to increase his chances of being accompanied by Subaru and the others in order to arrive at the Tower safely.

However, Subaru also took this as proof that Al could not be that selfish.

Al: [Beako-chan, I’m sorry for bringing bro along with me. Thanks for coming with us.]

Beatrice: [――. It is a matter of course that Betty is together with Subaru, in fact. Also, Betty is not so benevolent as to repeat the same warning many times, I suppose. Correct it by yourself, in fact.]

Al: [Gotcha, gotcha. ――She’s very kind, your kid.]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right. With a light body that’s just like fluffy cotton-candy, filled to maximum capacity with kindness and loveliness, that’s Beako.]

Replying to Al’s whisper, Subaru relinked his hand with Beatrice’s. Seeing the exchange between Subaru and Al, Beatrice seemed to hide her embarrassment with a, “Hmph, I suppose”, as she turned her face away.

Loosening his lips at Beatrice’s charming reaction, Subaru heaved a sigh, and,

Subaru: [Al, how’s the Library?]

Al: [――. As you can see, no results just yet. I thought that it might be possible in three days, but man, I’m really at a loss with this number of books. It’s really on the level of finding a single needle dropped in a desert, isn’t it?]

Subaru: [――――]

As Al gestured toward the rest of the archive with his single hand, his words were not entirely mistaken.

In this world―― nay, since the creation of this Great Library Pleiádes, just how many people had lost their lives? The idea of ascertaining that, one Book at a time, was overwhelming.

Much less, when exactly as per Ezzo’s words, the Books were increasing every second, let alone every day.

Subaru: [But, don’t give up man. We’re all here to lend you a hand.]

Al: [Bro…]

Beatrice: [That’s right, in fact. To end things with a broken heart due to not finding it despite making this much of a detour before returning to the mansion, will not be permitted, I suppose. That’s why you mustn’t give up, in fact.]

Al: [――――]

At the sequence of words from Subaru and Beatrice, Al silently cast his eyes down. Seeing him opening and closing his lowered right hand, Subaru felt an air of hesitation about him.

That was what Subaru had hoped―― putting it like that was far too cold-hearted, but having done something similar, it was a reaction he had wanted to elicit from Al.

With the objective of reading Priscilla’s Book of the Dead, Al had come to the Pleiades Watchtower.

However, by actually laying eyes upon the Library, and still focusing on the act of processing Priscilla’s death, Subaru hoped that Al would be able to recover even if he was unable to read the Book.

As proof of that, Al’s depreciating statements of clear self-abandonment had decreased, and his attitude had softened.

The fact that he would then also begin to feel guilt because of that, Subaru understood.

Therefore, he added on.

Subaru: [Al, when Beako and I say to not give up, we aren’t talking about finding the Book. We’re telling you to not give up on the things you can be satisfied with.]

Al: [Satisfied…?]

Subaru: [Yeah. Not stuff like “I got fed up with it” or “I didn’t have enough time”, but to draw a conclusion through your own thoughts. That’s what I think it means, to find satisfaction.]

If he was unable to communicate it well, then Subaru thought this might come off as a terribly insensitive comment.

Depending on how it was interpreted, it might have sounded like he was trying to persuade him to be satisfied with Priscilla’s death. But that was not what Subaru wished to say. It was not that, it was not a matter of whether Priscilla was dead or alive, but rather, to face the matter of Priscilla’s death, and truly believe that he had confronted it enough, was to be satisfied.

Mourning her, remembering her, and finding closure somewhere. ――That, was necessary.

For that purpose――,

Subaru: [For three days, see through to it with all you’ve got until you’re satisfied. I’ll also, we’ll also accompany you with everything we’ve got.]

Beatrice: [I told you before, you mustn’t have such unhealthy practices like depriving yourself of sleep and rest, I suppose. You’ll become Otto, in fact.]

As Subaru made a reassuring appeal, Beatrice winked as she added that on.

Hearing the words of the pair, Al slightly inhaled, and then slowly raising his helmet, he sighed. That was a long, long, so long that it seemed like a large mass of something was slipping out of him, sigh.

Al: [Three days, huh?]

Subaru: [Yeah. No extensions… Well, if you seriously beg for it I may end up thinking about it, but don’t count on it from the start!?]

Beatrice: [If we return later than expected, we’ll get a severe scolding from Emilia, I suppose.]

Subaru: [A severe scolding from Emilia-tan…! Though, that would still be an adorable sight in and of itself.]

No matter what emotions, what expression, or what angle, Emilia was so cute that his eyes would cease all functionality, but he had already worried her enough.

If possible, he only wanted to see positive faces such as smiles and bashful expressions from here on out.

Subaru: [Well, no matter the expression, the truth of EMT shall never waver, but…]

As Subaru said that, he shrugged his shoulders at Beatrice’s dumbfounded expression, and looked back at Al.

Then, meeting Subaru’s gaze head-on, Al nodded, and――,

Al: [――Ol Shamak.]

――The next instant, the world of Natsuki Subaru cut to black.

△▼△▼△▼△

Al: [Three days. With three days, there’d be some caution that something might happen on the third day.]

That which fell onto the Library of Taygeta’s floor with a high-pitched clunk, about to roll away, he pinned down with his toes to keep it from escaping.

Al: [The corollary of that, is that a person’d let their guard down the most right after a nice chat on the evening of the first day.]

Squatting in place, he picked up the black orb that his toes had halted.

Cold and hard to the touch, it felt somewhat like a glass ball, but it was no object so fragile. It would be troubling if it were. ――This, was a gaol capable of capturing even a Witch.

Al: [I understand, bro… no, Natsuki Subaru. ――I won’t kill you.]

It seemed that there were some who would become desperate in their attempts to murder Natsuki Subaru no matter the cost, doing so with reckless abandon, but none of them understood. Even if that were indeed done, there would be zero meaning to it.

If that were to be done, it would be Natsuki Subaru’s battlefield.

One must never fight against Natsuki Subaru on his battlefield.

That was to say――,

Al: [It’s starting, Teacher. ――So that I may be myself.]

Priscilla Barielle, was no longer among them.

Ergo, Al―― Aldebaran, in order to accomplish the original objective he had once abandoned, began to act.

――The battle to remove Natsuki Subaru from this world, commenced.

Translation Note:

[1] – This term, despite 打率 being in Japanese, was underlined as strike rate due to its meaning being attached to baseball and cricket, meaning it is likely foreign to Re:ZERO’s world.

--- Chapter 12: Starlight Beyond the Realm of a Billion ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

A fixed catchphrase was a declaration of war against the world, so had a Witch once proclaimed.

Magic, was a technique that reflected one’s will into reality, defying the laws of nature by means of incantation. A sophisticated, delicate act of barbarism tantamount to forcibly rewriting a script, altering the ending.

That was to say, the incantations of magic spells were none other than a polite greeting that declared, “I shall now destroy the world”.

Of course, since it was a greeting, there were times it would be ignored, or rejected.

If the formulation of the technique were not fully fleshed out, if the activation were messed up due to a lack of Mana, or if it spontaneously fired bringing about a result unlike the one desired; there were various things that could happen.

To begin with, this parable itself was naught more than a digression.

That which he was attempting to perform was not magic.

Only, if saying a catchphrase was a declaration of war against the world, then its essence was merely the same.

That was exactly why――,

???: [――Expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

That was a forewarning of murder towards a world that wished not to be destroyed, from one who wished to destroy it nonetheless.

Kill. Destroy. Rip. Trample. Flatten. Desecrate. Tear. Mangle. Incinerate. Crush. Smash. Liquify. Saturate.

Any word was fine. It was the same as magic. ――What mattered, was for the essence to be the same.

As long as the concluding words remained unchanged, he would employ any method necessary.

No matter what happened, no matter how things went, no matter what it took―― Natsuki Subaru would be removed.

That conclusion, was the only thing he absolutely would not change.

For that purpose――,

???: [――Expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

Even if that starlight laid beyond the realm of a billion, he would definitely reach it.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Four-thousand and sixty-one.

The one most laborious to remove from the board had been the Margrave, with his unexpectedly jestful antics.

The Margrave, highly perceptive and veteran of the battlefields as he was, would not be emotionally swayed by any sob stories whatsoever, especially when considering the severity of his attitude towards the Camp―― no, towards all that would not stand to benefit him.

Considering the circumstances, seeing himself unable to present anything that was in the Margrave’s benefit, he’d had no choice but to conclude that obtaining the latter’s agreement by dangling a carrot in front of him was a lost cause. But, having a keen sense for profits and losses often meant that one would sniff out any drawbacks more successfully than the average person.

Therefore, the optimal path would be to give the impression that losses would be had, were the Margrave to not follow his lead. ――Once this direction was realized, it became easier to then undo the tangled threads.

Although ultimately taking advantage of the situation Schult had been placed into was nothing that did not bring him feelings of guilt, for the sake of avoiding discord in the Barielle Domain from here-on after, someone else’s hand would need to be borrowed.

By all means, lay down your claim as you please, it’s fine. After all, she’s no longer among us.

――Nine-hundred and seventy-two.

The ones ranking as second most difficult to handle had been the Oni sisters, with the eldest in particular having been a formidable adversary.

From the onset, he had already known in advance that vigilance was indispensable against her.

Averting her intuition, keen to the point of abnormality, had been no trivial feat. However, a clear compromise had existed in her case―― the little sister dispossessed of Memories, with whom she had finally been reunited, was the biggest weak point of someone with nary an opening to be found.

She had wished to return with her precious younger sister back to their base as quickly as possible. ――As awareness of this had always been present, possessing a method with which to nudge that forth would be a positive. But, being that the balancing act between blatantness and nonchalantness had been of truly fiendish difficulty, unceasingly heading towards a goal he could not at all reach had been troublesome.

And finally, though her caution had been lower compared to the eldest, the young sister, having built herself up on top of her lost Memories through many twists and turns in the Empire, and having forged a bond that she would not display openly, remained a daunting enemy as well.

Making use of their sisterly love brings pain to my heart but, it’s fine. After all, she’s no longer among us.

――Six-hundred and thirty-three.

The one most challenging to extract emotional understanding from, had been the Internal Affairs Minister, unsparing to outsiders as he was.

Contrary to his soft looks, he was the owner of a tough personality, and misinterpreting him as a pushover could lead to one getting burnt. He was an opponent that forced one to feel apprehension akin to going up against a horned bull.

The way to put him on the ropes had been similar to what had been employed with the Margrave, but because he was much more humane compared to the latter, by bringing up a pragmatic common ground, conditions were worked out, forcing him to give a yes.

No weapons, an interval of three days, and their trusted military officer accompanying them―― all were restrictions that, due to being only natural, hurt not. Desiring even more than that from him would be perilous; he had been made aware of this a hundred times. After all, this was an opponent that, once dialogue was shut off, all hopes of reopening it would be gone.

For him, too, the clincher had been selfsame. ――Making him consider the person who would feel morally responsible for his unstable self’s departure.

Exploiting his kindness makes me bitter but, it’s fine. After all, she’s no longer among us.

――Ninety-four.

Though the number of attempts was small, omitting the one with Rare Blood from the traveling companions heading for the sand sea had been an absolute necessity.

The possessor of flawlessly refined Rare Blood would have offered to be a companion as soon as possible if left unattended. He had no doubts or averse feelings towards her humanity and abilities, but the blood flowing through her veins would have served to hinder his objectives.

But, the quickest and most reliable method to nudge someone deeply compassionate in the desired direction was to make use of their compassion. Once knowing their sense of belonging to a group, and knowing of their considerable dislike for going against the flow, it had not been difficult to pull them along a path that was easy to follow.

At this point, he could say that he had a good idea regarding the majority of the relationships within the Camp, those whom he had never met included. Were she made to believe that a bad pairing would be left as a result of her accompanying the party, and that that would become a burden to the young child feeling forlorn, she would take the initiative and strive to resolve that issue.

The idea was not to make the impossible possible. It was to actualize those non-zero possibilities.

I don’t have comforting words to offer but, it’s fine. After all, she’s no longer among us.

――Five.

Given that he was deeply familiar with how to manipulate “her” heart, quite honestly, it had been a piece of cake.

Compassionate and benevolent, and likewise overflowing with thoughtfulness, “she” was quite easy to deceive, and not knowing how to doubt the words coming from him, “her” nature was that of taking things as frank and veracious. By all measures, “her” magnanimity was such that he should not have messed up even one time ―― ergo, the reason for his failures had not been any problem regarding “her”, but a problem regarding himself.

It was a matter of him having been hesitant to deceive “her”, to twist “her” thoughts to suit his preferences.

Were he to disregard that creaking of his heart, filling ”her” amethyst eyes with grief would be easy. To begin with, “she” was someone who had been attempting to empathize with his wounds. If he were to appeal to “her” in regards to the best thing “she” could do for her sake, “she” would naturally settle on that resolve.

More and more am I becoming unable to save myself but, it’s fine. After all, she’s no longer among us.

――Zero.

And, in regards to Natsuki Subaru, he did not fail even once.

He knew Natsuki Subaru through and through, and thus not a single shred of hesitation had existed within him.

It was merely, that he had only needed to assess the timing correctly.

After all――,

???: [――Ol Shamak.]

When it came to requirements, dragging Beatrice into this trump card had been a matter of the utmost priority.

???: [――――]

Due to the unfamiliar incantation and the formulation of a never-before-seen technique, Beatrice’s reaction had been delayed by a beat, and since she was what had been protecting Natsuki Subaru, a fatal opening had arisen.

Instantaneously pulling his arm closer to her, and moving to attempt a response, could be called a paragon of Contract Spirits―― and, that had been Aldebaran’s true aim.

Aldebaran: [Three days. With three days, there’d be some caution that something might happen on the third day.]

――Ol Shamak, something of an anti-Witch trump card, was a forbidden technique that aimed to forcibly seal shut its target’s Gate, preventing even their movements through restraints and a spell-seal.

In the sense that it was a technique whose existence had been prohibited from being revealed, even the Witch who had created it herself had avoided writing it down, passing it on only orally―― and that too, had been limited to only Aldebaran.

Perhaps the reason why the inventor, why the Witch had bequeathed this forbidden art, which was capable of killing even her, to Aldebaran exclusively had not been because of any affection or trust in her student. Rather, she had done so due to holding the logical belief that Aldebaran would not err in his usage of the technique, and that he would not employ it in any other way but to fulfill its purpose, and nothing more.

Aldebaran: [The corollary of that, is that a person’d let their guard down the most right after a nice chat on the evening of the first day.]

In truth, Aldebaran had never harbored the thought of directing this forbidden technique against the Witch, or against any other Witch, and had never done so in actual fact. ――Neither had he ever directed it towards the person he ought to have employed it on, to be more precise.

In other words, the forbidden technique she had devised and imparted unto him had at last seen the light of day.

Aldebaran: [I understand, bro… no, Natsuki Subaru. ――I won’t kill you.]

In the midst of the battle against the Great Disaster, he had tried to use it as a trump card against Sphinx, who had proclaimed herself a Witch, but there had been an issue stemming from Sphinx’s end―― due to the absence of a Witch Factor, it had been unable to display its true specialty.

Therefore, this moment marked the very first time that the forbidden technique of Ol Shamak had been activated properly.

Aldebaran: [――――]

He used his fingers to pick up what had fallen to the ground, something that appeared to be a glass sphere of sable hue.

Within the orb that did not allow its interior to be seen, Natsuki Subaru and Beatrice had been confined together. ――As she was a Great Spirit of the Yin attribute, it would have been problematic for Beatrice to analyze the forbidden technique.

At the time he had enclosed her within the range of the magic, it had been a gamble whether or not she would also be included as a target of the forbidden art.

But, he had won the gamble. Contracted with Natsuki Subaru, and sharing in his Gate, Beatrice became a target of the technique, and her existence was now sealed within the orb.

It had been troublesome to build the situation up to this point. But, troublesome was all that it had been.

She’s no longer among us. That’s why――,

Aldebaran: [It’s starting, Teacher. ――So that I may be myself.]

Indeed, it happened just after Aldebaran declared so with resolve.

???: [ORAHHHHHHH――!!!]

Raising a tremendous battle cry, kicking off and splitting apart the floor of the Library, a golden beast leaped at him with speed akin to an arrow.

His upraised arm, stout and flexible, was charged with so much strength that it would pulverize Aldebaran in a single blow were it to connect, completely dispossessing him of his ability to take action in less than a second.

It was likely that even in the case of it just grazing his shoulder instead of his head, that herculean strength would be enough to strip away more than half of his consciousness―― however, that would only come to pass were a punch to be thrown.

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

???: [YA BASTARD!!]

The ferocious beast charged at extreme speed, and although Garfiel’s emerald-green eyes were blazing with scintillating fury, instead of swinging at Aldebaran, he grabbed him by the arm and pinned him down to the library floor.

Being forced down by that sheer might without having taken a defensive stance, Aldebaran choked out a cry of pain as his jaw struck the floor. Ignoring that cry, Garfiel, pressing his knee against his opponent’s back, bared his fangs,

Garfiel: [The fuck’d ya do to Captain ‘n Beatrice!? Where are they!? That magic earlier――]

Aldebaran: [You got it wrong, Garf-chan.]

Garfiel: [AHH!?]

When faced with Garfiel’s attempts to interrogate him, Aldebaran responded in a low voice. That caused an angered timbre to come out of Garfiel’s throat, but such a threat bore no meaning.

In the first place, this dialogue itself bore no meaning whatsoever.

Aldebaran: [Rather than pinning me down, the first thing you should’ve done is knock me out.]

While providing a sincere response to that meaningless dialogue, Aldebaran slid his tongue around within his mouth. Then, ignoring Garfiel’s perplexed reaction to his words―― Aldebaran unwrapped the drug package that had been prepared behind his molar, and gulped it down.

Then, as tremendous heat caused the blood throughout Aldebaran’s body to boil――,

×　　×　　×

???: [ORAHHHHHHH――!!!]

Kicking off the floor with explosive vigor, a ferocious beast charged forth with speed akin to an arrow.

But, that ferocious beast was not aiming to strike Aldebaran, but to grab his arm and hold him down. ――That moment, he dodged the incoming arm, and raised his elbow.

Garfiel: [Guoah!?]

Aldebaran: [With this――]

His opponent’s vigor would be hindered; right after Aldebaran had thought so, an impact struck his torso.

Garfiel had received a blow to his nose from his own momentum colliding with Aldebaran’s elbow, and unleashed a kick despite his nose bleeding, its singular strike demolishing Aldebaran’s hipbone, sending the latter flying backwards.

Becoming incapacitated would have been problematic.

Garfiel: [BASTARD…!!]

Aldebaran: [Next.]

Collapsing together with several bookshelves, he unwrapped the drug package while buried in a mountain of Books.

The shock perforated his entire body――,

×　　×　　×

???: [ORAHHHHHHH――!!!]

A ferocious beast charged forth in tandem with a battle cry, and as he dodged its arm, he flicked his elbow upward in response.

Supposing he merely struck his opponent’s nose like this, then the outcome would be the same as earlier. And although he understood this, Aldebaran had no means of evading a front kick unleashed with that speed.

In that case, he just had to make sure that no front kick could be performed.

???: [Gobahkhgahh!?]

Upon the elbow that was about to collide with the charging face, he had placed a rock protector; swinging with force akin to striking a pickle stone, he slammed it into his opponent’s nose.

As his nose basked in a counter that made use of his own momentum, Garfiel was knocked back into mid-air, his nosebleed spraying everywhere as he flew past Aldebaran’s flank.

Aldebaran: [With this――]

Garfiel tumbled onto the floor, and crashed into a shelf, causing him to be buried alive by the Books falling out from therein.

While catching that in the corner of his eyes, Aldebaran took a huge leap backwards, confident he had succeeded in avoiding the first attack.

Thereupon――,

???: [――El Shiha.]

Having just stepped back onto the floor, Aldebaran’s entire body grew sluggish after that short incantation was weaved―― no, it had not grown sluggish. His entire body had been engulfed by a sense of immobility.

The source of Aldebaran’s immobility was a vast amount of water; something entirely out of place in a library――,

???: [Excuse my poor manners in deliberately doing such a thing whilst knowing full well that moisture is the greatest enemy of books.]

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

???: [However, producing a source of fire would have been unreasonable. Wind would have devastated the Library, and earth would have soiled the Books; thus, I had wanted to avoid using them. I want it to be understood that I made a bitter decision in the heat of the moment. Well then, the reasoning for why I had selected water is as I just explained, but――]

With these words, the small individual with their hand upraised towards him―― Ezzo Cadner, waved his black cloak as he made a slow approach.

Rather than that being him putting on airs, the reason was tactical; a magician’s strategy to maintain vigilance on their opponent’s movements.

He was honored to be treated with such caution, but it did not seem like he would be able to meet those expectations.

After all, enveloping Aldebaran was the minimum amount of water needed to cover his body completely―― as if he were being fitted with a bodysuit made of water, he was dispossessed of both his freedom to breathe and freedom to move his body.

Against that extraordinary capacity for magic, Aldebaran bore no means of contending.

However, while Ezzo maintained a fixed distance with Aldebaran,

Ezzo: [Al-dono, may I ask to hear an explanation to help me understand your side of the story? What was that earlier, that magic that is unknown to even me? More importantly, what happened to Natsuki-dono and Miss Beatrice? They were both worried that you might fall into despair and neglect your own self. To those two――]

――One-hundred and six.

Ezzo swiftly provided correct, sound reasoning that could rightly be called an adult’s perspective.

Contrary to his juvenile appearance, Ezzo Cadner was a surprisingly honest and sincere person. He would return sincerity with sincerity, and respond to respect with respect; such was the earnestness ingrained in his roots.

Therefore, when facing off against Ezzo, it was absolutely indispensable to have sincerity and respect. ――As long as that was maintained, he would remain passive no matter what. His personality was that of expecting far too much from others. In that regard, his way of being fundamentally differed from that of Roswaal, despite them both being magicians.

If it were Roswaal, he would swiftly scorch Aldebaran’s limbs, ravage his lungs with wind to rob him of his consciousness, and take away his freedom by imprisoning him in earth; all the while not paying mind to how he was impacting the Books of the Dead.

Ezzo would not do that. That was why.

Ezzo: [――Hk, such a foolish act!]

Cutting off his words, as Ezzo yelled with a stiff expression, Aldebaran’s face within the watery membrane was clouded over by a hue of deep red.

It was evidence that he had regurgitated his roasted, melted viscera, having passed through his throat and out his mouth.

Without delay, Ezzo undid the magic restraint, and attempted to shift gears to healing magic, but it was already too late.

By the time he had thought it in his head, he was no longer able to catch up to Aldebaran――,

×　　×　　×

???: [――El Shiha.]

???: [El Donaaa!]

Compared to the graceful and refined incantation, his was an unshapely incantation without a fragment of elegance.

But, activated while he was panting, the clumsy earthen armor quickly covered Aldebaran’s body, and as to override the delicate film of water, it absorbed all the liquid.

???: [What!?]

The earthen armor was instantly converted to armor of mud, allowing Aldebaran to resume stepping on the floor, an action that ought to have been obstructed, before leaping backwards as his armor fell apart.

While his heels slid across the Library’s floor, he withdrew to a farther position, gaining a clear line of sight on the two who were directing hostility toward him.

Ezzo, remaining vigilant towards him, and Garfiel, buried under the Books from a collapsed shelf――,

Garfiel: [DON’T FUCK WITH ME!!]

Thrusting his arm out of the mountain of Books, Garfiel made his comeback while pushing away the collapsed bookshelf. Stepping forth with large strides so as to not tread on the fallen Books, he glared at Aldebaran.

Wiping off the blood smeared on his snout with the back of his hand, the bleeding ceased in just a few seconds. From the very roots of their existences, the combat strength of his body was fundamentally different from Aldebaran’s.

Dragging his burly, stout body forward, Garfiel was about to advance further towards him――,

Ezzo: [Please wait, Garfiel-kun! It would be perilous to approach heedlessly!]

Garfiel: [AHH!? This really the time to be sayin’ that, Sensei-san!? Captain ‘n Beatrice got done in by that fuckin’ incomprehensible ball! As soon as possible, I gotta…]

Ezzo: [That is precisely why! That sort of magic, even I do not have knowledge of it! And above all else, he has just displayed that he is able to perfectly endure both of our attacks! It is abnormal!]

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

Ezzo: [Not once have I ever revealed my cards to him. And yet, he was able to perfectly deal with the water binding by soaking it up with earth. This cannot be explained as him merely being skilled in the art of war. Act with composure. You and I are the only ones here capable of restraining him.]

Keeping the hot-headed Garfiel in check, Ezzo adjusted his voice to a tone of composure.

It was clear that Ezzo’s words were persuasive, as the rage and agitation on Garfiel’s expression gradually subsided.

Above all else, it was Ezzo’s insight, perceiving and alluding to a fragment of Aldebaran’s cheat ability as a sense of unease through just a single bout of combat, that was abnormal.

As a matter of fact, Ezzo’s words were correct.

No matter how much he had attempted to come up with an ingenious solution, he did not have any way to omit Ezzo and Flam, who had already arrived at the Tower, or Garfiel, who was accompanying them as the result of a compromise reached with the Emilia Camp.

But, at the same time, it could be said that he had succeeded in suppressing the opponent’s forces down to just a combo of an extremely powerful warrior and a magician.

Aldebaran: [Even so, it’s still a hundred times more troublesome than any regular difficulty.]

Grumbling his complaints like curses, Aldebaran carefully surveyed the two.

Ezzo, who was keeping a watchful eye on his movements, and Garfiel, who had regained composure at Ezzo’s words―― they had prepared an exceedingly burdensome attitude.

That was why――,

Garfiel: [Y-ya bastard!?]

Ezzo: [――Hk, such a foolish act!]

Listening to the shocked voices of Garfiel and Ezzo, Aldebaran crumbled to his knees. Collapsing forward onto the floor, all strength fading from his body as he tumbled down the library steps, copious amounts of blood gushing out from the base of his helmet――,

×　　×　　×

???: [Please wait, Garfiel-kun! It would be perilous to――]

Approach heedlessly , the moment Ezzo called out to keep Garfiel in check, Aldebaran grabbed the bookshelf beside him and heaved it down to launch an attack on Ezzo, who was further down on the steps, with a domino effect.

Normally, the bookshelves of Taygeta would be held down by the weight of the Books of the Dead and would thus not easily fall over, but that would change altogether were there to be “stones” stealthily wedged underneath the bookshelves.

――Three-hundred and ninety-seven.

From the outset, he had intended to utilize this place as a battlefield, given the abundance of obstacles and ease of making preparations here.

He had long completed all of his preparations. Every time they got suspicious, he just had to send it forth to the next opportunity.

Ezzo: [――Shit!]

As the bookshelves collapsed towards him, Ezzo swiftly gave rise to a gale, forcibly stopping the domino effect, and attempting to cease damage from befalling the Books of the Dead falling to the floor.

That concern for the Books was quite admirable, but――

Aldebaran: [Dona.]

Subsequently, the bookshelves to Ezzo’s left, right, and rear were all knocked over, surrounding him on all sides.

With that wave of collapsing shelves and the avalanche of Books, Ezzo ultimately gave up on protecting the Books with a great amount of anguish, and from there rode upon the wind to jump out of the way, escaping damage.

Garfiel: [SENSEI-SAN!!]

Then, a Garfiel who had not been held back by Ezzo widened his eyes and faced Aldebaran with an expression of pure rage.

At the emerald-green eyes flaming with frenzied indignation, Aldebaran doubled down.

In his hand, between his middle, ring, and pinky fingers was grasped a black orb, and lifting his helmet with the two fingers that remained, he thrust it into the gap――,

Aldebaran: [ Gulp .]

――Though it was quite large and gave the absolute worst feeling as it passed through his throat, he forced it down into his stomach.

Garfiel: [Ya, BASTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARD――!!!]

Having witnessed that act, Garfiel surrendered himself to the eruption of fury and charged forward.

At that sensation of a powerful, troublesome gale pursuing him at speeds the eye could not keep up with, Aldebaran was sent flying by a punch while harboring the conviction that he had successfully severed the cooperation of his opponents and eliminated Garfiel’s composure.

An unrelenting fist boring into his internal organs, dinner spilled back out to the interior of his helmet as he felt like he was about to vomit up the orb that had just entered his belly, and he bit down on his molars.

And then――,

Aldebaran: [――Expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

――Once again, he declared war against the world.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Rage, had painted Garfiel’s vision completely red.

A part of that rage was directed at Al, who had transformed Subaru and Beatrice into a black sphere, but the larger part of it was aimed at his own pathetic self.

Garfiel had had an important role entrusted to him by Otto, Emilia, and the others.

All of them were eager to be with Subaru, who had finally returned from the Vollachian Empire.

However, everyone had their own roles to fulfill, so they had swallowed their various emotions and entrusted everything to Garfiel. Of course, Beatrice, Petra, and Meili, who had accompanied them, also held roles they were expected to play.

Even so, Garfiel’s role had been to ensure Subaru’s safety.

That was why――,

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self’s a FUCKIN’ DUMBAAASS!!]

His molars, cracked from intense clenching, were repaired by the Divine Protection of Earth Spirits, only to then crack again from the continued clenching. That, truly, was the extent of Garfiel’s rage.

He had been keeping a close eye on Al’s actions.

Bearing in mind Ezzo’s opinion, which he had heard at the top of the Tower, he had been strongly aware that he needed to keep a close watch on Al to make sure he did not do anything reckless with Subaru and company.

But, at the same time, Garfiel had someone else to keep his eye on other than Al.

It was none other, than Subaru himself.

???: [Listen, Garfiel. Please keep a close eye on Natsuki-san. While he most likely will not act recklessly because of Priscilla-sama… he might inadvertently do anything in his power for Al-san.]

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

The caution instilled in him by the one who was like his older brother had been slightly dulled by the additional caution he had received later. As a result, Garfiel’s reaction to Al’s activity had been half a step late.

Al had made the most out of that half-step, as if he had seen through it perfectly. ――No, it was not only that half-step that Al had anticipated. He had seen through the entire stride beyond that as well.

Garfiel: [RUAAAH!!]

The backfist of the roaring Garfiel was narrowly dodged by his opponent, who had crouched just in time. The power of the strike was reduced to him merely grazing the enemy with the underside of his little finger, causing Garfiel to grit his teeth.

He kept missing. No matter how many punches he threw, he could not land a clean hit with a single one.

As for his opponent――,

Aldebaran: [Dona.]

A brief incantation, and the sensation of magic interfering with the world, made Garfiel’s hair stand on end as his body leaned forward.

In the subsequent moment, a block of stone that had appeared airborne struck Garfiel’s face with a noticeable impact, as if to meet the angle at which he had tilted his head.

A pained groan escaped his mouth, and his lip was split. In terms of power, it was a weak blow. For Garfiel, who had fought against high-class warriors in the Empire, who had even clashed with a Dragon, it was far from enough to incapacitate him, let alone cause a significant injury.

However, he did not believe that this was the result of his opponent holding back.

Aldebaran: [Huff, huff…]

Breathing heavily, Al, who had cast the spell that had struck Garfiel’s face, remained on-guard without a hint of relaxation.

His apparent exhaustion was not a ruse to induce Garfiel’s carelessness; he was genuinely out of breath. It was only a matter of course. According to Garfiel’s assessment, the difference in ability between them was so significant that Al would be incapacitated by even a single powerful blow.

Perhaps, it would not even require a powerful blow.

If even one of Garfiel’s barrage of punches were to land, it would terminate the fight. In the span of a single breath, he could unleash dozens of such finishing blows.

Needless to say, facing such a situation would drain both one’s mental and physical strength.

Even though that ought to go without saying――,

Garfiel: [It just, won’t hit… Hk!]

Bewildered, Garfiel was unable to make heads or tails of what was occurring to him.

Al’s movements and counterattacks revealed a significant gap in skill when compared to Garfiel. This was not a matter of arrogance, but rather because, as a warrior, Garfiel was far superior to Al.

And yet, attacks that should have landed, and evasions that should have been successful, were failing completely.

Garfiel’s attacks continued to miss, while Al’s attacks continued to land.

While they lacked the power necessary to critically injure Garfiel, the bothersome attacks were sufficient to halt his movement and to prevent follow-up strikes――,

???: [Garfiel-kun, step aside! I will provide support!]

Once again, Garfiel’s progress was thwarted by a sinking force beneath his feet.

As if scolding Garfiel, who was unable to continue his attack, Ezzo, shouting at him and advising him to keep his distance, had come to his aid with magical cover from the rear.

For a moment, he considered following Ezzo’s words to assess Al’s perplexing strategy――,

Aldebaran: [Yeah, that’s it, back off. Fall back and run crying to your Sis and Nanna, Garf-chan.]

Garfiel: [――I’LL FUCKIN’ CRUSH YA!]

Just as he was about to pull back, those taunting remarks shattered his thoughts into a thousand fragments.

Garfiel’s vision turned vermilion with rage as he swung his arms wide and charged at Al. This time, he was determined not to stop for anything, no matter the interference.

If his arms and legs were dodged, he would just ram his whole body into him and grapple him down.

Aldebaran: [Honestly, that’d be the toughest thing to deal with.]

Sensing Garfiel’s intent, Al muttered with a heavy breath.

Garfiel planted his foot firmly on the ground, fearing any earth manipulation beneath him. He then launched himself forward with a swift kick, propelling his body forward.

Garfiel’s body approached directly toward Al with tremendous force―― Suddenly, his vision blurred.

Garfiel: [――Gah!]

A familiar sensation struck Garfiel’s eyes, and a groan escaped his throat.

It was the same feeling he’d had upon encountering the Sand Wind in the sand sea on their way to the Tower. Tiny grains of sand had flown into Garfiel’s eyes, mercilessly robbing him of his sight.

Yet another of Al’s dirty tricks. It was enough to make him stop in surprise. ――Unless he was determined that his arms and legs would not waver, no matter what.

Al had been most wary of this reckless assault.

As such, even with his sight having been snatched away, the best course of action for Garfiel was to latch onto him with some part of his body and rob him of his combat ability.

Ezzo: [――Garfiel-kun!!]

Just as he decided to continue his assault, Ezzo’s desperate voice called out to him.

Hearing Ezzo’s voice warning of danger, Garfiel felt something closing in straight towards his nose―― he opened his mouth wide and caught it with his fangs.

A full-force punch aimed to crush Garfiel’s face right after he had been blinded, meant to bait him in. But that was not enough to break Garfiel’s resolve to do whatever it took.

Garfiel: [I’ll fhix if lay’r , dhumbassh !]

With the sensation of his fangs sinking into the fist and stopping it, Garfiel tightened his jaw, promising to heal Al after stripping him of his ability to do battle.

It was a cold-blooded decision, but Al was one-armed. He fought with only his right arm, and were he to be robbed of the function of his one remaining arm, he would no longer be able to fight. So, Garfiel intended to rip it apart from the wrist to the elbow――,

Garfiel: [――Ah?]

As he increased his bite force, he realized something.

The fist Garfiel caught in his bite was shaped like Al’s left hand, which he should not have.

Garfiel: [――Bwaagh!?]

In the next instant, Al’s fist in Garfiel’s mouth swelled up violently, shattering his jawbone under the pressure and sending shards of his upper and lower canines flying through the air.

Furthermore, the fingers that had extended into his mouth jabbed deep into Garfiel’s throat, triggering an unbearable gag reflex, a response triggered when fingers were thrust down one’s throat, and paralyzing him. ――Then, a calculated, hard, and heavy blow struck Garfiel’s jaw diagonally.

Garfiel: [Kah… Kh!]

Blinded and thrown into blackness, Garfiel felt the sensation of his whole world flipping upside down. Having been struck on the jaw, his brain rattled, and his sense of balance vanished, making it impossible to stay on his feet as his knees buckled.

Being utterly overwhelmed so one-sidedly, Garfiel belatedly realized something.

Ezzo’s desperate cry had been a deliberate warning, anticipating that if Garfiel were to take Al’s attack head-on, this would be the result.

In other words, this all had been as per Al’s bait――.

Aldebaran: [Remember when I said recklessness’s the toughest thing to deal with? I lied. Those who don’t think ain’t a threat to me.]

The frustration and humiliation from those taunting words continued to paint Garfiel’s thoughts a deeper and deeper shade of red.

△▼△▼△▼△

A relentless, successive onslaught like a storm or tornado; for a person at its mercy, being blown away like a leaf or a twig would be the only outcome.

To that extent, such a battle should have been one-sided, yet on the contrary, the results favored the opposite side.

???: [Garfiel-kun!!]

Witnessing such an anomaly materializing before his very eyes, Ezzo cried out from behind Garfiel.

Garfiel, swinging his arms wide, had charged forwards at Al, to prevent him from escaping. He could clearly see his field of vision being robbed by a thin veil of sand that had been spread into his path.

There had been no magical reaction. This simple blinding of sand―― which hailed from outside the Tower, was the result of scattering sand taken from the stairs that rose from the sand sea.

Subsequently, catching sight of the attack that followed that blinding, Ezzo had screamed.

Al had employed magic to reconstruct his missing arm out of earth, and had thrown a punch with it.

Garfiel had opened his mouth wide, attempting to bite down upon the arm of earth, but that would only end poorly. Ezzo’s grim premonition proved true, for the earthen arm violently exploded within Garfiel’s mouth.

Garfiel: [――BWAAGHHK!?]

The expanding arm destroyed the inside of Garfiel’s mouth, and a spray of fangs and blood followed.

To add to that, having encased his right hand in a gauntlet of stone, Al delivered a powerful sideways punch to the jaw of the stupefied Garfiel.

Garfiel collapsed to his knees. ――His successive movements were efficient, extremely so.

Ezzo: [Something of this sort should not be possible, even in pre-arranged sparring…!]

As Al brilliantly halted Garfiel’s advance with a barrage of blows, with strikes that would have been impossible to execute even if the sequence had been part of a martial arts demonstration, Ezzo’s vigilance continued to rise to its zenith.

However, were Garfiel to stop his movements, it would be rather fortuitous――,

Ezzo: [Any scope for underestimating you as someone of a lesser rank no longer exists! Be prepared to lose more than just that left arm of yours, at least one leg will be going! ――Ul Shiha!!]

Being unable to unleash it thus far due to his concern for Garfiel, who had been fighting in close quarters with Al, he attempted to rob his opponent of their combat strength with powerful magic.

Conforming to Ezzo’s incantation, the Mana that was released intervened in accordance with its magic formula, and the world was rewritten. What was then unleashed, was a fierce torrent of “wind”.

Disguised as a water-manipulating Shiha-class incantation, this was a faux-incantation that, in practice, could alter the magic that had actually been invoked.

In addition, combining that faux-incantation with a voicelessly-incanted Goa, a trap in the form of a pincer attack, from both the front and the rear, had been set.

The simultaneous casting of two different spells was a highly advanced technique, to the extent that it was said to only be possible if one had two brains to think it through, and there were no more than five individuals in the entire world who could achieve it.

Compared to Roswaal, who was one among them, the presence of a momentary gap in Ezzo’s simultaneous-casting was undeniable; however, it fell within the scope of what could be compensated for through the combined use of faux-incantation and voiceless-incantation.

Ezzo: [With this――!]

Even if not decisive, it would still deliver a fatal blow.

Such was Ezzo’s assessment; but, it was completely painted over by Al’s actions thereon.

Without hesitation, Al turned his back upon the rampage of the invisible wind that approached from before him, and while taking the onrush of that wind upon his back, plunged into the blazing inferno behind him.

Of course, this firepower was not meant to incinerate, but if one were to be directly hit, serious burns would be inevitable. Within that, Al was defenseless―― no, he shaped the stone gauntlet on his right arm into a thin shield, breaking through that inferno head-on.

Aldebaran: [URRRRAAAA!!]

Even if he could break through that wall of flame, he would still be caught in the wind and be blown away.

Immediately, Al would have been swept away by the wind, and his entire body would have slammed against the walls and floor, rendering him unable to move.

However――,

Ezzo: [――Ludicrous.]

Muttering so in a stunned voice, Ezzo could not believe the unrealistic scene occurring right before his very eyes.

Swept up by the wind, Al was indeed helpless as his whole body slammed into multiple places within the Tower. ――However, as if anticipating each of the points of collision, Al created cushions of mud, almost completely killing the force of impact, and he escaped the grip of the wind.

Ezzo: [――――]

The situation had arrived at such a point where Ezzo was left with no choice but to give his most absurd speculations some actual consideration.

His skills as a warrior were clearly inferior to those of Garfiel, and he had even dodged the sure-fire attack from Ezzo, the Kingdom’s finest magician, so there surely was some kind of rule-breaking technique that lay hidden beneath.

If he were to guess, what was most likely would be――,

Ezzo: [Unbelievable, an extremely short-term observation into the future?]

At the fact that such a ridiculous possibility required serious examination, Ezzo could not help but feel a shiver down to his core.

It was said that, amongst outstanding warriors and martial artists, there were those who could read into the presence of their opponents and intuitively discern their next move.

Even in the world of magicians, it was theoretically possible to predict an opponent’s next move by observing the form and nature of the Mana that had been intently refined just prior to the spell being cast.

However, the phenomena surrounding Al could not be fully explained by such theories alone.

This was not something as simple as intuition or experience. ――He had the optimal solution for everything.

With all due respect, Ezzo, as an educator, was privileged with the opportunity to impart knowledge onto others. From that perspective, he was well-aware that unnatural explanations were accompanied by unnatural processes.

An explanation that skipped over the required processes to arrive at an answer, was often revealed to be a surreptitious peek at the right answer.

In other words, the same possibility might have been applicable to the phenomenon brought about by Al.

The problem was――,

Ezzo: [The possibility of unknown magic, besides the one used to seal away Natsuki-dono and Miss Beatrice…]

Magic that even Ezzo, who had read through all available literature, and had acquired the knowledge of nearly every magic currently in existence, was unaware of. If it was a sort of forbidden technique that did not remain in records, there was a strong possibility that magic techniques that did not conform to the six basic attributes had been devised.

Ezzo: [――――]

He could read any and all moves; bearing this in mind, Ezzo raised his estimation of the threat posed by Al to the maximum possible level.

A formidable foe, wielding unknown magic with unknown intentions―― no longer was regarding him with such a description appropriate. The degree of danger he posed ought to have been considered equivalent to that of a Sin Archbishop or a Witch.

Hence――,

Ezzo: [――While I still have the Mana to spare, I shall clinch victory!]

△▼△▼△▼△

Upon hearing the thunderous roar, Petra wished not to believe it was real.

However――,

Petra: [――Hk.]

She bit the inside of her cheek to wake herself up with the pain.

The desire to believe was dangerous. People tended to easily drift towards the easiest, most comfortable, and safest options. But if something bad came to pass, what would they do?

Would this mean that they would put something or someone important in danger for the sake of their own momentary selfishness?

Petra: [――Meili-chan, over here!]

With that, Petra pulled Meili, who had been helping to clean up after dinner, over to her.

As usual, Meili was only getting in the way and not helping at all, but it was good that she was there. Thanks to that, she had been able to offer her hand.

As Meili was pulled along by Petra, she looked up at the ceiling, from where the sound had been heard,

Meili: […Petra-chan, it seems like some people are having a fi~ght.]

Petra: [――Can you tell who they are?]

Meili: [I don’t kno~w. But onii-san and fang onii-san have no reason to fi~ght, so it must be either Sensei-san or helmet-ojisan, ri~ght?]

Petra: [Al-san and Ezzo-san…]

Meili: [If it’s Sensei-san, then we’ve got to be careful of that Flam girl too.]

In contrast to Petra’s heightened tension, Meili’s tone and expression remained the same as usual.

The difference between Meili, who was used to this kind of situation, and Petra, who was not, was clear. Still, Petra was lucky that she had experience from her time in the Empire, so she did not lose her composure.

Petra’s life had to benefit from the events in the Empire, even if only a little.

Meili: [What should we do? Should we go up too?]

Petra: […Well, let’s not do that. If we’d been present from the beginning, it’d be one thing, but if we try to join in now, we’ll just get in the way.]

Meili: [We~ll, I guess that’s good enough. I could send the little Crimson Scorpion-chan to keep guard, bu~t…]

Responding to Meili’s nonsensical statement, the scorpion in question crawled out of her hair and snapped its pincers.

While it was good that they were so aggressive and motivated, it did not seem like a small scorpion like that would be of any use. It would not be much different if Petra and Meili went.

Petra shook her head and put a damper on little Crimson Scorpion’s enthusiasm.

On top of that――,

Petra: [――We need to be prepared for anything that might happen.]

Based on what Meili had said, it is highly likely that someone was fighting on an upper floor ――in the library where the Books of the Dead were kept. There were people who had headed there to work after dinner, and naturally, the two people Meili had mentioned were included.

And one of them was―― Natsuki Subaru.

Petra: [Subaru…]

As if she were praying, Petra wished for his safety.

Beside him were Beatrice and Garfiel. With those two by his side, she hoped that he would be much safer than if she was there herself.

Just then――,

???: [――Petraaa! Meili!]

Petra: [――Hk, Garf-san!?]

Without warning, Petra leaped to her feet at the sound of Garfiel’s thunderous voice.

Upon hearing Petra’s reply, Garfiel rushed into the room where Petra and the others were.

Petra was delighted to see a familiar face, but she could not afford to even express such.

Petra: [You’re badly hurt…! What happened? You need to get medical treatment right away…!]

Garfiel: [Now, hurry up n’ chas sum Yang Magk on me! Righd away!]

Petra: [――Hk!]

Garfiel, his face covered in blood and several teeth missing, made his appeal, and Petra momentarily tensed up before immediately strengthening Garfiel’s body with Yang Magic.

Her unrefined Yang Magic was something rather unstable to use on someone other than herself, but Garfiel’s fierce expression left her no choice. In that case, Petra had no choice but to overcome her immaturity right here and now.

Garfiel: [RAAAAAH!]

Meili: [Kya~a!?]

While under the effect of Petra’s Yang Magic, Garfiel then forcibly thrust his hands into the floor of the room and tore up the stone flooring with brute strength.

A shriek escaped Meili’s lips at Garfiel’s incomprehensible actions, and then asked him, “W-what are you doi~ng?”, as he lifted the floor that he had just removed.

In response, Garfiel turned around to the entrance of the room and,

Garfiel: [DHISH!]

After roaring indistinctly, Garfiel blocked the entrance to the room with the piece of flooring he had torn up.

Petra wanted to question him about what had happened, thinking that he was trying to prevent anyone from coming in. However, she quickly realized that that had not been the issue at hand.

The reason Garfiel had blocked the entrance became clear from what could be seen through the gap beneath the sealed door.

Meili: [――Wa~ter?!]

Once again, Meili screamed, and the small Crimson Scorpion on her head also stretched its pincers and tail to the heavens in surprise.

Petra’s round eyes widened as she looked beyond the entrance blocked by Garfiel, and she could hear and feel the presence of a torrent of water that flooded the hallway of the Tower’s Fourth Floor with tremendous force.

Why had it been made, for what purpose, and by whom?

Garfiel: [If you’re readin’ aheah … then how ’bouh an attack ya can’t block even if ya know it’s comin’…!?]

As he braced his feet against the floor, continuously withstanding the force of the raging water, Garfiel’s cheeks contorted.

Petra was horrified by Garfiel’s vicious, belligerent smile mixed with anger. Who exactly was Garfiel fighting with such an expression on his face?

And why had he rushed alone to Petra and Meili?

Petra: [――Hang in there!]

Biting back the many questions that filled her chest, Petra reached out to support Garfiel’s back.

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

With Petra’s hand on his back, Garfiel’s entire body tensed up with strength.

Of course, Petra’s slender arms could never add to Garfiel’s strength. She would be far more useful were she to concentrate on her Yang Magic.

But at that moment, Petra entrusted all her worries and faith to Garfiel’s back.

And Garfiel, she believed, tried his best to respond to that trust with all his might.

Eventually, the sound of the massive stream of water rushing through the passageway began to subside, gradually turning into a faint trickle, like the last drops of water falling from a gutter after a rainstorm.

Garfiel, who had been holding his ground, relaxed his legs and pushed the stone slab he had used to block the entrance to the side, and let out a deep breath.

He then began to turn around to face Petra, who was still touching his back――,

???: [Garfiel-kun, come here! Upstairs, not to the Taygeta side!]

Perhaps this too was an application of magic, but Ezzo’s voice was so loud that it was hard to tell how far away he was, and Garfiel, who had been called, looked up as if snapped into motion.

His usually sharp fangs were broken, and for a moment, he wondered whether he should explain the situation to Petra and Meili,

Garfiel: [Meili and ya… I’ll exshplain later…!]

Petra: [――. Is it Al-san?]

Garfiel: […Yeah.]

Without saying much, he only managed to share who had started it, and then Garfiel rushed out into the wet corridor to meet up with Ezzo.

She observed until his back disappeared, and then Petra let out a shaky breath and covered her face with her hands.

Petra: [Don’t cry, don’t cry don’t cry don’t cry don’t cry don’t cry…]

Desperately trying to dispel the rising dread within her, Petra repeated the words to herself over and over.

But even so, she could not stop the feeling from welling up inside her.

Meili: [Petra-chan.]

Meili gently, and without warning, placed a hand on Petra’s head, which was still buried in her palms.

Then she ruffled up the other’s hair; Petra thought it annoying, but came to later realize that Meili was just terrible at petting people’s heads.

And while clumsily consoling Petra, Meili let out a small sigh,

Meili: [Maybe it’s my fau~lt… Not everyone can be saved by Onii-san and Onee-san’s kindne~ss.]

Petra: [That’s not…]

True , she wished to say, to deny completely. But instead, a sob came first, and she found herself unable to muster the confidence to fully reject Meili’s words.

△▼△▼△▼△

Upon being assailed by the watery onslaught that flooded the hallway, his opponents having discovered a truly optimal strategy, bereft of effect from any of his provocations and excuses, Aldebaran was struck with a sense of powerlessness.

Despite possessing such a cheat technique, despite possessing such an advantage, he was being pursued oh so intensely by people who had mastered the art of countering it.

In regards to that strength, he could not help but be impressed, all excuses aside.

Aldebaran: [―― Ubububu .]

The torrent of water left him no escape, forbidding him from planting his legs or grabbing hold of something, so Aldebaran’s body was washed away, mercilessly robbing him of his strength and body temperature.

The more he attempted to struggle against the water, the more his strength would be taken away, relentlessly being exhausted. The water pouring in from the orifices in his entire body washed it all thoroughly, with him unable to do a thing.

Unlike wind, which had a certain degree of direction, dealing with the flow of water by way of walls and structures fashioned from earth was a deed impossible.

Henceforth, what Aldebaran could do was to get swept up by the water, to be jostled about by the water, and to be killed by the water, and nothing more beyond that. In reality, he had no idea just how much water he had ended up swallowing.

Only――,

Aldebaran: [Uh… Buh… Abahh… Hk.]

While gurgling, throwing up the water he had swallowed, Aldebaran took heavy breaths.

Body void of strength, he supported and lifted himself with his single arm, doing his best to rid his body of the water that had filled him, so much so that he had been on the verge of bursting like a water balloon.

From his nose, mouth, eyes, and ears, it felt as if water was streaming out. No longer could he feel his lower body, and he was too afraid to ascertain if he had urinated or soiled himself.

And then, after expelling, expelling, vomiting as much water as he could――,

???: [――Well then, you should not have any further strength with which to resist, but let us hear you explain yourself.]

Having slowly ascended the staircase, the magician and warrior looked down at Aldebaran.

Powerless to stop it, Aldebaran had been knocked about while being swept up the staircase; though the two who had imposingly climbed up those stairs were fatigued, they remained with more than enough will to fight.

Conversely, Aldebaran was soaked like a ragged, drowned rat, his entire body covered in wounds.

Aldebaran: [Ehffhhh.]

Languidly did Aldebaran collapse, having relaxed the arm that was supporting his body, now lying face up.

In the sky where the sun was setting, where the curtain of night was beginning to fall, the glow of stars scattered around was visible. Feeling as if the flickering stars above were looking down on him, Al loathed the heavens from the bottom of his heart.

Stars, were something he hated.

Stars, looking down upon the surface from high above, merely shining as they pleased, were something he hated.

???: [Captain ‘n Beatrice, gib ‘em back…!]

So declared Garfiel, who was missing a few fangs, to the upward-facing Aldebaran.

His attitude of prioritizing Natsuki Subaru and Beatrice instead of complaining about the mess that had been made of his mouth was admirable, and something that Aldebaran almost wanted to root for, but unfortunately, their views were diametrical opposites of one another.

He really did find it sorrowful. Aldebaran did not particularly hate Garfiel.

He did not hate any of them.

He hated neither Garfiel, nor Ezzo, who he had just fought against, nor did he hate Petra, nor Meili, nor Flam, who were present in this Tower, nor did he hate any of the people he would probably end up fighting against hereafter.

The only ones he hated were himself, and Natsuki Subaru.

Garfiel: [OI, BASTAHD , YA LISHNING !?]

Ezzo: [Please calm down, Garfiel-kun. Even if you consider his silence as a provocation here, Al-dono cannot help it. In addition, the provocation would be meaningless. He ought to understand by now.]

Garfiel: [――――]

Ezzo: [It seems that you somehow possess the ability to utilize an unknown magic… a type of forbidden art, but that is not to say it is omnipotent. Whether it be I, or likely somebody else, it shall be countered. No matter how skilled you may be in the art of war, you cannot win all your battles.]

Keeping the emotional Garfiel in check, Ezzo spoke, rational to the bitter end.

Those words were quite persuasive to Al, with whom Ezzo had done as he pleased till the current time. Through his definite strength and perceptiveness, Ezzo had defeated Aldebaran’s Authority.

At this moment, since Aldebaran could not even lift a single finger, he could not make excuses.

It was just that――,

Aldebaran: [――Ezzo-dono, it’s precisely as you say. I can’t win every battle.]

Still lying on his back, Aldebaran affirmed Ezzo’s words.

At that comment, Garfiel and Ezzo each displayed their own unique reactions. Garfiel showed frustration, and Ezzo showed increasing vigilance.

That they did not lose their focus even after he had declared such, vexed him.

It vexes me but, it’s fine. After all, she’s no longer among us.

――Seven-hundred and forty-eight.

That was the number of attempts in which he had drifted aimlessly, all while experiencing a sense of helplessness at not being able to do anything in particular.

The only variable he had been able to test, had been the place towards which the current would sweep him away. After being washed away by the water, there was nothing Aldebaran could do, tiny as he was.

Instead, until he drew the winning ticket, on and on and on and on, he was washed away without end.

And then, at long last, he drew it.

Aldebaran: [I can’t win every battle. ――That’s why, I just gotta win the final one.]

Ezzo: [What are you…]

Aldebaran: [I wanted to get over here. This place’s my one and only victory condition.]

Ignoring Ezzo and Garfiel as question marks floated above their heads, Aldebaran continued so.

He did not have the time to wait for a reply. Even now, he was just spewing any nonsense he could think of as to keep himself from losing consciousness.

Neither was he boasting of success, nor did he intend to pester them with a declaration of victory.

Merely, he wished for them to understand. ――Just a portion of all the stardust Aldebaran had piled up, he wished for them to understand.

Aldebaran: [――――]

As the pair gave off signs of bewilderment, Aldebaran, still lying on the floor, raised his arm, and pointed in a certain direction.

Realizing that something had fallen at the place towards which Aldebaran was pointing, Ezzo and Garfiel’s throats both choked up, that was clear.

Even if they did not comprehend the significance of that being here, they likely had gained a sense of unease.

That was――,

Garfiel: [Is dat , a Book of the Dead…!]

Ezzo: [Whose!?]

Albeit having been submerged, that Book of the Dead was one which yet maintained the form of a book.

While gazing at its sodden pages, lying on the floor in an open state, the eyes of the two widened in shock, their voices, trembled.

They had yet to reach comprehension. And frankly, even supposing they heard the answer, they likely would not understand its meaning.

But, from the very start, Aldebaran had come to the Tower in order to search for that Book, and put it to use.

After all, he knew that there would be no other way to make the preparations in order to remove Natsuki Subaru.

The title of that Book of the Dead, inscribed there was――,

Aldebaran: [――It’s my name.]

Ezzo & Garfiel: [――――]

The correct answer revealed to them, Ezzo and Garfiel were overwhelmed by a momentary pause.

While that was a clear opening, Aldebaran unfortunately did not have the strength to reap its benefits. This once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, was not something that Aldebaran could seize.

Therefore, he would entrust the act of utilizing this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, to “Aldebaran”.

Looking down upon the soaked pages of the Book of the Dead lying on the floor had been eyes; those eyes slowly rose up, and faced the fore.

And then, clad in scales of pale azure, the lifeform considered to be the strongest in the entire world spread its wings, and pronounced.

???: [――Your stars were bad.]

The subsequent instant, aiming at the magician and warrior, both frozen in place, the breath of the Divine Dragon Volcanica―― nay, of the Divine Dragon Aldebaran, was mercilessly unleashed.

--- Chapter 13: The One Most Loved and the One Most Unloved ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Two-hundred and eighty-nine.

In added time after surmounting the decisive bout, came an ambush by an unseen adversary, one even more ruthless than anticipated.

While Garfiel was occupied protecting the girls, it was unclear how the hidden enemy, who was not with them, had managed to avoid the great deluge. However, the hidden assailant, who had accomplished such a feat on their own, had broken his neck many times as he came down the stairs in a state of total exhaustion.

Without questions. Without hesitation. This single-minded focus on eliminating impediments was precisely the result of the awareness they held of being the last force of deterrence that remained within the Tower.

???: [You’re quite something, Lil’ Miss.]

To have mastered that level of skill to this extent at such a young age, he could only imagine the amount of blood-soaked training she must have undergone, and that caused sentiments of respect to surge up within him.

He had heard she was one of two twin girls, but was her younger or older sister just as strong? ――Even if he were to go without inquiring so at this place, the chance to find that out first-hand would likely call upon him soon.

After all, from here on out, the entire world would likely end up turning against Aldebaran.

Girl: [――Hk.]

There was a slight gasp, and the slender hand of the hidden attacker failed to break Aldebaran’s neck.

Just as the girl’s hand was about to reach him from behind, Aldebaran covered his neck with a layer of stone and avoided the blow that would have broken his cervical vertebrae.

However, this enemy was not so naive as to slacken her assault there. As soon as she realized her ambush had failed, she immediately slipped towards Aldebaran’s left side―― to attempt an assassination from his armless side, and unleashed a hand strike aimed at his flank.

A fearsome blow enhanced by the Flow Method, one that would perforate his side, slip through the gap in his ribs, and tear out his heart; a blow that contrasted with her cute hands.

It was a deadly strike that would inevitably bring about a near-instant death; however, a near-instant death was merely that. It was not instant death.

Even if brief, it would nonetheless bring about excruciating pain. That was why――,

Girl: [U-augh!]

Before the ambushing girl’s attack could land, Aldebaran reached out with an earthen prosthesis and grabbed the girl’s two bundles of hair, then proceeded to forcibly push her against the wall. At that point, the earthen arm was transformed into a large strip of mud, crucifying the girl to the wall.

With both arms and legs bound, and only her head free, the hidden attacker―― Flam, exchanged glares with Aldebaran,

Aldebaran: [I’m weaker than you, Lil’ Miss. I’m missing one of my arms. My helmet restricts my vision. I’m exhausted from fighting battles in succession. I got no talent or ability. ――That’s why, it’s my win.]

Flam: [Al-sa――]

Aldebaran: [Just shut up.]

Snapping the fingers of his right hand in front of Flam’s face, he blocked up her mouth with a stone gag. If she could use her hands and feet, she could have easily removed it, but being unable to move them, she was at his mercy.

And so, it could finally be said that the bonus track had been cleared.

Aldebaran: [――――]

He heaved a long, deep sigh.

There was not a shred of relief in that sigh; instead, it conveyed a sense of depression that had nothing to do with the sense of accomplishment from actually having done it.

To begin with, using a mountain climbing analogy, this was still the base camp―― no matter how much of a positive thinker one was, no one would do something so ridiculous as getting overly excited at the base camp.

Not to mention, this accomplishment of his was not something to be proud of.

Aldebaran: [Why, even if you look at me like that, I can’t give you any excuses, Lil’ Misses.]

As he said this, Aldebaran turned around and looked at the two girls standing silently, staring at him in the corridor of the Fourth Floor.

――One had cold hostility in her almond-shaped eyes, while the other had a sense of urgency in her round eyes.

???: [This little one is angry, so could you please not come any clo~ser?]

As Aldebaran turned halfway around to face them, the girl with the braid―― Meili, moved to confront him. Perched on top of her blue hair was a Witchbeast, a lively character who had appeared several times during the journey to and within the Tower.

Its tail, which emitted a faint glow, was also an unexpectedly formidable offensive organ. Of course, that was only if it struck a vital point without warning, but.

Aldebaran: [Well, I understand you don’t want me to get close. In the first place, I don’t feel like harming you Lil’ Misses.]

Meili: [You ca~me all the way down here to look for us, didn’t yo~u? So that’s absolutely ridiculo~us.]

Aldebaran: [While it’s true that I came to look for you, the reason isn’t what you think.]

At Meili’s cold attitude, Aldebaran played with the seam of his helmet with his fingers while he took care to choose his words. While they were talking, the girl who had been quietly watching them said “Reason…” in a soft voice, and――,

???: [Then, what was the reason you came down, Al-san?]

――As Petra asked the question firmly, without averting her gaze, Aldebaran fell silent.

Aldebaran: [――――]

As a former assassin, it was understandable that Meili was used to the harshness of the battlefield. However, it was surprising to see how tough Petra had become, given she was originally just a simple village girl training to become a maid.

Aldebaran had timed it so that everyone would have been at their most relaxed, and carried out this plan of action without anyone realizing the signs. In other words, Petra and the others had no idea what was going on.

There must have been all kinds of questions, and a whirlwind of anxiety and confusion that wanted to burst out crying and screaming, swirling around in her little head. ――She did not let any of that show.

Aldebaran: [I’ve fulfilled my objective. I’ve got no more business in this Tower. So if you ask why, it was to come say goodbye.]

Petra: [Even if, you say something like that…]

Aldebaran: [Garfiel and Ezzo are both unconscious at the top of the Tower. If you treat them quickly, they should be able to make it out alive.]

Petra: [――Ah.]

For a brief moment, Petra tensed up at Aldebaran’s selfish declaration and prepared to fight, while Meili next to her also widened her stance in preparation to join Petra’s resolve―― but their resolve was thrown into confusion by Aldebaran’s words as he pointed to the uppermost floor of the Tower.

And unfortunately for them, Aldebaran had no room to show mercy, even if his opponents were young girls.

Aldebaran: [What are you gonna do? Are you gonna try and show off by fighting me here? If you try hard enough, you might be able to beat me… But if you lose, the two guys up there will die as well, yeah?]

Petra: [You… You coward…!]

Aldebaran: [Yeah, I know I am, and it makes me hate myself from the bottom of my heart.]

After being berated by Petra, with her fierce eyes, Aldebaran admonished himself for having become a detestable adult.

However, the reality was that those disgusting and cowardly adults seemed to always come out victorious. ――Petra, being smart and brave, could properly calculate the risks of losing.

She could not risk letting Garfiel and Ezzo die by picking a fight with slim chances of success.

Meili: [What ha~ppened to Onii-san and Beatrice-chan, I wo~nder?]

Aldebaran: [The two of them are asleep together like babies. They’re so affectionate and close. It’d be cruel to separate them and it’d break my heart, so I just couldn’t.]

In response to Meili, who inquired about Subaru and Beatrice’s safety on behalf of Petra, he gave that answer.

Unfortunately for them, he had no intention of giving them any more information.

Either way, in case they did save Garfiel and Ezzo, they would be able to hear the same story from their mouths. He did not want to carelessly provoke Petra and Meili, who were thinking rationally.

Even if the expansion of territory could shoulder the burden, he was exhausted.

Aldebaran: [Hey, I get that you said not to get any closer, but that’s the way out. I’m gonna have to go through.]

Aldebaran raised his hand to signal this, and he slowly advanced towards the girls. To show that he meant no harm, he kept his hand raised without lowering it.

Meili & Petra: [――――]

Petra and Meili silently made way for the approaching Aldebaran. As he passed between the girls, who had moved out to either side, the only sound in the quiet passage was the clacking of the little Crimson Scorpion’s pincers.

The intimidating sound of the little Crimson Scorpion’s pincers seemed to be a manifestation of the girls’ dissatisfaction――,

Petra: [You know, over these three days, I really did intend to help you out, Al-san.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Petra: [I absolutely loathe you.]

Among all the wounds Aldebaran had sustained during his time at the Pleiades Watchtower, the girl’s tearful, wrung-out voice had undoubtedly been the gravest of all.

△▼△▼△▼△

At the time Aldebaran descended onto the entrance to the Tower, unfolding there was a heart-wrenching battle, one not dissimilar to the one that he had engaged in with Petra and Meili on the Fourth Floor.

Partaking in that battle was a jet-black earth dragon who had made the great contribution of delivering their group, with Aldebaran in their ranks, to this Tower, her name Patrasche.

And, going head-to-head against Patrasche was――,

???: [Yo, me. Did you tie up all the loose ends?]

Indeed, with a solemn, weighty voice, an enormous lifeform spoke to him in a manner completely lacking in gravitas.

As he calmly pushed open the large gate of the Tower’s entrance with his single hand, waiting for him there, facing off against Patrasche, was a Dragon with scales shining blue―― a Dragon formerly known as Volcanica, now “Aldebaran”.

Patrasche: [――DODOGYUUUN.]

Squaring off against “Aldebaran”, Patrasche neighed without relinquishing a single step.

In all honesty, all of Subaru’s female companions were mentally deranged. ――No, thinking back on it, all of the women Aldebaran had encountered were more-or-less the same.

As for weak women, there was only a single person that came to mind.

Whatever the case――,

Aldebaran: [Hey Dragon me, stop picking on those smaller than yourself. You already look crazy enough, doing that’ll make you look way crazier than necessary.]

“Aldebaran”: [Don’t call me crazy like that. If I’m crazy, then you’ve also gotta be just as nuts. Normally, even those who come up with this kinda thing wouldn’t actually put it into practice. ――Something like hijacking the Divine Dragon, I mean.]

With a voice and appearance they were yet to be accustomed to having, “Aldebaran” spoke so while moving their wings. At “Aldebaran’s” words, Aldebaran shrugged his shoulders.

Even if he were labeled crazy or nuts by his own self, it was a desperate strategy that he had enacted because it was possible for him to do so.

To begin with, since “Aldebaran” was also Aldebaran, there was no doubt that they would have done the same thing if placed in the same situation; so forcing such labels upon him like that was quite unreasonable.

“Aldebaran”: [Sorry, ground dragon-chan. But y’know, not moving’s the right option. If you get taken out, ground dragon-chan, you aren’t gonna be able to take any of your companions out from this sea of sand.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

“Aldebaran”: [What?]

Aldebaran: [Nothing, just thought that you really are me. Our ways of making threats are completely the same.]

In order to avoid a fight with Patrasche, “Aldebaran” had employed the same logic that Aldebaran had used to threaten Petra and Meili; this fact was something that gave him boundless mixed feelings.

Anyhow――,

Aldebaran: [Can you fly?]

“Aldebaran”: [I can… I think. It’s one of those things you get used to little-by-little.]

Aldebaran: [That phrasing’s brimming with apprehension…]

At the response from “Aldebaran”, somewhat lacking in reliability, Aldebaran climbed up the former’s tail and hopped onto the Dragon’s back, though he himself could not hide the slight unease he felt. Then, clinging to one of the many protrusions on the Dragon’s scales, he called out “Here we go”.

“Aldebaran”: [―― Lift off !]

The following instant, with a spirited yell and a flap of their wings, “Aldebaran” rose to the sky.

Scattering the sand with a thunderous wind, the Dragon swiftly climbed to a high altitude, all the way to the top part of the exceedingly tall Pleiades Watchtower, and from there began to part from the Tower.

As the Tower rapidly grew distant, Aldebaran looked back at those who he had left there――,

“Aldebaran”: [No way, are you having regrets?]

Aldebaran: [I did have them. When it comes to regrets, I had them four-hundred years ago.]

Being made fun of by himself, who had a full grasp of his circumstances, Aldebaran clicked his tongue.

What “Aldebaran” wished to say, was the reality that he did not have the leeway to be looking back. And that was indeed correct. If this were to be likened to a mountain, then he was still only at the base camp.

From here on out, aiming for the starlight beyond the realm of a billion that he had resolved himself to reach no matter what, Aldebaran could not afford to make even a single wrong move.

“Aldebaran”: [Well, don’t get too worked up on your own. I’ll be with you from now on. That’s at least a lil’ better, yeah?]

As their wings rapidly sliced through the night sky over the sand sea, “Aldebaran” spoke in high spirits.

Although they’d had the Memories shared by his Book of the Dead installed within them, that optimistic point-of-view likely stemmed from a difference in the vessel being occupied. Nonetheless, it was not good to be overly negative, either.

In reality, he had acquired backup more powerful than one could ever hope for.

What remained was――,

???: [――That will be as far as you go.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――At the moment he was about to formulate his next course of action, light pierced him.

???: [――――]

Having violently crashed upon the ocean of sand in this chilly night, the Dragon unhurriedly raised itself. Aldebaran, who had been nestled within the Dragon’s wings, shook his head and dropped down onto the sand.

And then, that composedly came into the view of the lone person and Dragon, of the two distinct Aldebarans.

???: [――――]

Hair red akin to a burning flame, eyes blue akin to the clear skies, clad in an outfit of immaculate white as per his convictions, the chivalry he practiced, the existence ordained by the world――,

???: [Flam, who was left behind at the Tower, is one blessed with the Divine Protection of Mindspeak. She and her sister Grassis are able to communicate without regard to distance and time, albeit only once per day.]

That, was his explanation as to why he had hastened to this scene; quite the honest response, one that was considerate and sympathetic towards the confusion of someone who had found themselves in an unreasonable situation.

Aldebaran: […Thanks for the explanation. Are you used to people lodging complaints against you, perchance?]

???: [I wish to clear the doubts I myself have first. ――There are many things I wish to question you on.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

???: [I advise you surrender. If possible, I would prefer to not cut you down.]

Declaring so, while touching the Dragon Sword at his waist, the youth―― Reinhard van Astrea, before Aldebaran and “Aldebaran” both, magnificently asserted.

Reinhard: [――――]

His aura majestic, his posture gallant, his existence dazzling even amidst a world of night―― to this man bound to be a Hero, as one bearing heroic reveries long decayed, this alone, he wished to object.

It was something that had been spoken to him many a time, but――,

Aldebaran: [Quit putting on airs, hero . I’ll win regardless. ――Your stars were bad.]

Gazed upon by a star-studded sky amidst a great ocean of sand, Aldebaran faced off against Reinhard.

――That was a confrontation irreconcilable, between one whom the world loved, and one whom it did not.

--- Chapter 14: The Strongest ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――――]

Red hair blazed as a brilliant flame, blue eyes imprisoned the perfect clarity of the azure skies; from head to toe, this was a being created with heroism untainted, with naught an impurity.

The birth of such a being had been blessed by the world, a chosen one who had perpetually existed as his own antithesis.

Standing imposingly in the center of the sprawling sand sea, under the chill of night, Reinhard cast his gaze, causing all the hairs on Aldebaran’s body to stand on end.

――The Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea.

Needless to say, in the Kingdom of Lugunica―― nay, even if one were to search far and wide across the entire world, he was a being who went without peer, and one of the two greatest obstacles in Aldebaran’s plan.

Still, the other of the two had been none other than Natsuki Subaru, but his entrapment via Ol Shamak alongside Beatrice, who had likewise been a matter of concern, had already been completed successfully.

Hence, among the individuals with whom a clash was certain, this man remained as the greatest barrier.

――Very well, Reinhard van Astrea was the strongest.

The Blue Lightning, Cecilus Segmunt, was faster; the Admirer, Halibel, made greater use of techniques; the Mad Prince, Vague Adgard, was further distanced from death; the Great Spirits enrolled among the Four Greats exceeded him in Mana; the Sin Archbishops of the Witch Cult possessed irrational Authorities; the Witches of Sin had taken far more lives; many virtuous individuals were better at lying; and many scoundrels were more unfalteringly obstinate.

When looking at individual aspects generally, there were plenty of individuals who surpassed Reinhard.

Nevertheless, Reinhard van Astrea’s seat as the strongest would not be shaken. ――Tearing down that definitive strongest bastion, was the absolute victory condition levied upon Aldebaran.

Aldebaran: [If I do say so myself, this is the worst situation to be placed in.]

“Aldebaran”: [It’s too late to be complaining about the lackluster hand you’ve been dealt. Be sure to make good use of me as a joker .]

Aldebaran: […When you look at him, Dragon me, what do you make of the Sword Saint?]

“Aldebaran”: [I’d say the same as you, human me… but I guess not. From what I can sense of his strength with this body, I think it might be even worse than what you’re thinking.]

From behind Aldebaran, that which narrowed its golden eyes as it gazed upon Reinhard was a supreme lifeform that spoke in a manner lacking the dignity of its station, the Divine Dragon Volcanica―― nay, the empty dragonhusk into which the Memories of Aldebaran had been installed, the Divine Dragon “Aldebaran”.

Sharing the same fundamental knowledge, thoughts, ideas, and even objectives in the present situation, “Aldebaran” was a dependable lifeline for the near helpless Aldebaran.

“Aldebaran” had also asserted that it ought to be utilized as a joker effectively. Showing restraint had never been in his intentions, but with that he resolved his heart to squeeze the utmost usage out of it.

And, as Aldebaran finished re-ascertaining the cards in his hand――,

Reinhard: [――From the lineage of Sword Saints, Reinhard van Astrea.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

As his skin tingled with gooseflesh, Aldebaran narrowed his eyes within his helmet.

To announce one’s name and title before an opponent in a standoff was common courtesy amongst fighters in this world. As astonishing as it may seem, it was a courtesy that even the Sin Archbishops abided by; for some it was to uphold their pride, for some it was out of respect to their opponent, for some it served to immerse themselves in a superiority complex, and for some it invigorated their cowardly selves; it was something that people levied upon themselves for a variety of reasons.

And the reason as to why the Sword Saint, Reinhard, was conforming to that courtesy, was plain from the look in his eyes.

In this situation, Reinhard was paying respect to Aldebaran. ――Albeit he would have supposedly learned of what Aldebaran had done in the Tower from Flam, he nonetheless had done so.

Such was Reinhard’s virtue, which simultaneously was the source of the unbridgeable gap between him and others. The way in which Aldebaran interpreted it, was not something he would specifically reveal, but――,

Aldebaran: [Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult, representing Pride, Stride Vollachia.]

Reinhard: [――Hk.]

Aldebaran: [Now wouldn’t it be amusing if I said something like that?]

――He made the decision to merely trample upon his opponent’s respect in insult.

“Aldebaran”: [――BOHRRRGGGHHH!!!]

The response was one akin to sticking out his tongue to an outstretched hand, causing Reinhard’s eyes to widen; then, simultaneously with a clumsy roar, a white light surged towards the Sword Saint as he stood unflinching.

Unaccustomed to piloting the freshly hijacked dragonhusk, it was a terribly misshapen attack―― however, the power of the Dragon’s breath unleashed from that almighty body was very much authentic.

If the breath unleashed upon Garfiel and Ezzo on the highest floor of the Pleiades Watchtower right after overwriting its Memories were a sneeze, then this blast was charged with a definite intent for destruction.

To demonstrate the difference in accumulated destructive force, a surging wave of white energy engulfed Reinhard, one that would alter the form of the deserted Sand Sea for the rest of all eternity.

He did not think it could kill him. But, if done without the intent to kill, there would not even be a fight.

As proof of that――,

“Aldebaran”: [――Hk, fall back, me!!]

Aldebaran: [Uooooaahhhh!?]

After the entirety of its breath was expelled, white smoke drifting out of the enormous crater it had created in the sand sea, “Aldebaran” suddenly reached out its talons and hooked Aldebaran, flinging him to the side without restraint.

Split off from his literal alternate self, Aldebaran’s body was tossed about by the sudden betrayal, and across the mostly flattened sand he tumbled, tumbled, and tumbled until he braked.

Then, expelling the sand that had intruded the gaps in his helmet, he looked up―― he saw that, in truth, “Aldebaran’s” actions had not been betrayal, but instead had been providing cover.

Reinhard ought to have taken a direct hit from the Dragon’s breath, but unscathed, he had leapt towards “Aldebaran”, thus commencing the grand decisive battle between two monsters of mismatched size.

“Aldebaran”: [You didn’t even get a burn!? I’m not saying that ain’t praiseworthy, but what’s the principle behind that!?]

Reinhard: [I borrowed the power of the Dragon Sword. Even if the day of this world’s ruin were to come, this sword would not be destroyed. That is how it was forged to be. And so, I parried.]

“Aldebaran”: [Though from that answer, ultimately what’s incredible isn’t the sword, but you! That still doesn’t explain how you didn’t get burned!]

Reinhard: [That would be the effect of the Divine Protection of Sunburn.]

Whilst giving an apathetic reply, Reinhard spun around in the air and unleashed a kick. Clashing head on with the dragonclaw tearing through the sky, a sound akin to fireworks or cannonfire going off in close distance boomed in an explosion.

Each and every blow delivered a destructive power that even warriors who had undergone the most assiduous of training would be unable to withstand, but to the horror of many, those were standard attacks for the Sword Saint and the Dragon both.

That was to say, this combat continued without pause or pull.

Aldebaran: [Shit, gahhhhh…!]

Both combatants strung out chains of rapid attacks giving rise to an unbelievable symphony of explosions, and with each strike, the resultant shock waves blew away the sand of the sand sea, and made an attempt to tear Aldebaran away from the ground that he clung to.

The clash between two of the strongest living beings in the realm, for one spectating from several dozen meters away as it unfolded, guaranteed no place was secure. However, Aldebaran could not opt for leaving the battlefield due to his own pathetic self. ――There was a limit to the updates of his matrix.

Currently, if he were to get too far away from the position at which the matrix had been defined, the territory would come crumbling down, and Aldebaran would end up losing the few advantages he possessed against Reinhard.

That must be avoided at all costs.

Reinhard: [――. Powerful. However, it is far too different from before.]

Meanwhile, as Aldebaran clung to the battlefield, Reinhard moved back a great deal to open some distance after having traded a great many blows against the Dragon, and muttered so.

Placing a hand upon the hilt of the Dragon Sword, the Sword Saint was not even a little short on breath, and as he displayed his serious countenance “Aldebaran” groaned an “Ahh?” without a hint of exhaustion.

In response, Reinhard shook his head to the side with a “Nothing”,

Reinhard: [The other day, when I was proceeding towards the Watchtower together with Flam, Ezzo-dono, and the rest, I ended up quarreling with you… with the Divine Dragon Volcanica due to a misunderstanding, but compared to then, your movements and intentions are far too different.]

As Reinhard pointed that out, “Aldebaran” maintained silence. However, his judgment had been accurate. In reality, that which Reinhard had previously fought against was the real Divine Dragon Volcanica―― though, it would have been in a dragonhusk state, bereft of its contents after producing a dragonkin.

When comparing between now and then, it would have undoubtedly seemed that he had undergone a complete change in personality.

And having guessed the correct answer, upon verifying his insight, Reinhard continued.

Reinhard: [The current you is weaker than the last time. Why is that?]

“Aldebaran”: […Argh.]

Reinhard: [――?]

“Aldebaran”: [No, no no, no no no, it’s only natural for you to say that. It’s just as you say, I can’t get full use out of this body. So, I guess I’m kinda weak, eh? Were that the case, there wouldn’t be even a single thing strange about it whatsoever. Only――]

At Reinhard’s unmalicious misgivings, “Aldebaran” broke off his words there. Then, with the profile of a Dragon that differed far too much from that of a human, he gave a sneering grin that could nonetheless be understood as such,

“Aldebaran”: [Now, I’m kinda wanting to show you a thing or two.]

Directly following that declaration, “Aldebaran” spread its wings, giving rise to a gale as it soared.

Closing the distance on Reinhard in an instant, it swung down its arms, each akin to great trees, aiming to crush him flat. Seeing that transparent offensive, Reinhard seemed to disregard his poor footing―― in fact, as the Divine Protection of Sandplay allowed him to disregard it, he leapt between “Aldebaran’s” arms towards its chest, and drove a counterattack into it.

“Aldebaran”: [Gohk――!!]

Spreading his long legs, one to the heavens and the other to earth, Reinhard delivered a kick, landing a direct hit on the Dragon where a human’s solar plexus would have been located, tossing the gargantuan creature straight upwards.

Instead of flying through the air with its wings, “Aldebaran” had been forcibly launched upwards, and chasing it, Reinhard leapt up and caught up to the skybound Dragon―― nay, he pulled ahead. Then, stepping upon the soaring Dragon with the tips of his toes, he forcibly halted the upward momentum.

Reinhard: [Apologies, but this is as far as it goes.]

Reinhard appeared to be standing upon the back of “Aldebaran” midair, and the hand he held aloft, brandishing naught as he readied a karate chop, was sharper and more lethal a blade than any commonplace renowned sword.

That brandish seemed as if it could likely sever even the Divine Dragon’s dragonhusk, but――,

“Aldebaran”: [I said I’d show you a thing or two… play along a lil’ while longer.]

Right before it could bask in the karate chop, “Aldebaran” muttered so after being pushed around at Reinhard’s will. Hearing the Dragon’s voice, with a hint of scheming mixed in amidst the bitterness, Reinhard slightly frowned.

Witnessing that from afar, gazing up at the supreme beings in the aether from down on the surface, Aldebaran spoke.

Aldebaran: [―― Plan A .]

Reinhard: [――Hk.]

Given the distance, it was unthinkable that Reinhard could have heard Aldebaran’s voice. On the other hand, one might think that it would not be out of the ordinary for him to have heard it, but there would be no point in asking.

――After all, the light of a star twinkling in the night sky was plummeting down, aiming directly for the Sword Saint.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Al Shario.

This spell, regarded as a specialty of a Witch of yore, was one accepted to be a forbidden technique.

Shining down from beyond the sky, stars were perpetually burning masses of Mana, and by utilizing the property of attraction between Mana of the same type, the unbelievable marvel of casting one to the earth could be realised.

But naturally, to bring a star down upon a precise location required both delicate control over magic and an unfathomable quantity of Mana. In exchange for the difficulty of realizing such a technique, the Mana contained in the star’s light could rival that held by a Great Spirit, and was even extolled to have once felled a weyr of Dragons.

In terms of destructive power, it easily surpassed even the ruinous breath of Dragons, beings bestowed with the right to tear the world asunder with just their roar, and so it could therefore be proclaimed to be the pinnacle of destructive acts.

???: [Magic, it is a miraculous discipline with the hidden potential to make anything one imagines into reality, were you unaware? The creation of a spell so powerful that it would cause one to scoff at something like a Dragon’s breath was inevitable once you consider the existence of those who wished to surpass it… Eventually, a spell even more powerful than the magic capable of plunging a star will be born. Is it not wonderful, that humans truly possess such Greed?]

Such had once been stated to Aldebaran by a Witch with beautiful white hair, a smug expression drawn upon her face.

It was still irritating to remember her smug face from back then, but he did believe that it was no lie or bluff. After all, that smug-faced Witch had personally shown him the real thing.

In other words, this, which surpassed even the breath of a Dragon, stood as the zenith―― or rather, stood as the zenith of destruction at this point in history .

Aldebaran: [Piece of shit.]

For any given pinnacle, there remained the possibility to surpass it by means of new ideas and the magic to bring them to life.

Al Shario was no exception. Gritting his teeth as he made the correction in his head in accordance with the Witch’s teachings, Aldebaran wished for the fruit borne of that starlight.

――He would rather not admit it, but by studying under the Witch, Aldebaran had been bequeathed all sorts of knowledge.

Amidst the wisdom bestowed unto him, knowledge about magic was present in no small amount. However, even if he were able to learn the theories and methodologies behind implementing magic, Aldebaran lacked the essential talent required.

Even supposing a person knew how to heat water, a bathtub could not be filled with a single cup’s worth of water.

In that case, why had the Witch imparted knowledge of magic unto Aldebaran if he would be unable to utilize it?

Did she merely wish to show off her knowledge, to don that smug expression? Was it because even if he was unable to use it, there would be some obstacles possible to overcome with a knowledge of magic, and so she had wished to make her pupil’s path a little smoother?

Either one of those would be nothing more than by-products of the Witch’s main objective in doing so.

The real reason for which the Witch had crammed Aldebaran full of magical knowledge, that would be――,

“Aldebaran”: [――Al Shario.]

Launched up into the midst of the sky, the Dragon voiced the incantation to cast a star down towards the nighttime sand sea.

Whilst holding immense power, the Divine Dragon, Volcanica, was left vacant after its soul had been excised―― “Aldebaran” now housed its Memories within that dragonhusk, finally completed as an existence capable of fulfilling the requirements to make shine the long-unused treasures the Witch had granted him.

To rephrase, it was with precisely this motive that the Witch had filled Aldebaran with knowledge.

The specific combination of Aldebaran’s knowledge and the acquisition of the Dragon’s dragonhusk by “Aldebaran”, these were the means by which he would surmount the greatest wall at the extremity of the bricks laid to an extent that one might take as the realm of a billion.

Reinhard: [――――]

Looking up at the sky from atop the Dragon’s back, even Reinhard’s eyes went wide.

The starlight cascading down from the heavens was as mighty as that unleashed by Sphinx in the midst of the final battle in the Vollachian Empire, a battle which had shown premonitions of the world’s end.

After fetterlessly employing all sorts of dirty moves, Sphinx had finally been able to perform this forbidden technique. Though Aldebaran now trembled at seeing this extraordinary Dragon perform it without any external support, he kept a watchful eye on Reinhard’s movements in the sky.

That Al Shario could not be defended against, he would not take such an optimistic viewpoint.

In fact, the Blue Lightning, who was considered to be on par with the Sword Saint, had achieved a feat of supremacy unbounded by slaying a falling star with a single slice of his katana during the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital.

That star had been cut down through the combined effect of Cecilus’s swordsmanship and the Dream Sword’s power; he did not think that Reinhard, unable to draw the Dragon Sword as he was, could replicate such a feat.

But, even if it was grounds for being careless, that was no reason to underestimate him.

Therefore――,

“Aldebaran”: [OH, OHHHHH――!!!]

Before Reinhard could do anything in response to the starlight, “Aldebaran” roared and made a half-turn midair, rotating to face Reinhard who had his back to it, and struck him with its wing.

Reinhard promptly received this blow with his elbow and knee, but the Dragon’s aim was not to cut him with its wing, but rather to blow Reinhard away with the impact―― towards the star.

“Aldebaran”: [――HAAHRAAN!!]

As had been the case at first contact, Reinhard possessed the means by which to dash through the sky―― no, to use the clouds as footholds, by means of the Divine Protection of Clouds he possessed. Before he could regain his balance, “Aldebaran’s” roar mowed down the clouds in the vicinity and launched Reinhard further into the sky.

With naught a foothold, with naught an escape route, Reinhard would defenselessly collide with the airborne starlight.

With conditions substantially worse than what they had been for the starslayer during the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, even Reinhard would have no means of dealing with the incoming blow of this star――,

Reinhard: [――I have received it.]

At that moment, Reinhard stretched out his leg as a last resort, his toe making contact with the star, and the consequent explosive energy swallowed the Sword Saint, setting off a star-rending explosion―― was what should have happened.

However, the explosion that was supposed to occur never came about, and instead, Reinhard walked along the side of the star.

Aldebaran: [What…]

“Aldebaran”: [The hell!?]

When the collapse of the heavens that ought to have forced him to choose between the twin options of oblivion or evasion came, both were sidestepped, thus the astonished voices of Aldebaran and “Aldebaran” echoed across the sand sea.

To the bewilderment of both, Reinhard walked up the side of the star, and after arriving at the top,

Reinhard: [Divine Protection of Ball Balancing.]

“Aldebaran”: [Ball… Balancing…]

Aldebaran: [You’re treating it as a fireball, eh?]

Upon receiving his answer, he became speechless at the beam of destruction being treated as a fireball. However, that speechlessness was soon painted over by a rising sense of dread.

If one believed that the Divine Protection of Ball Balancing was what it sounded like, then a ball balancer at a circus did not merely stand atop a ball, but controlled it at will――,

“Aldebaran”: [Shit.]

Reinhard’s feet appeared to lightly tap the star’s surface.

In the next moment, the trajectory of the star dropped by Al Shario changed, and veered towards the caster, “Aldebaran”, causing the fierce starlight to rapidly approach it.

Witnessing it, the Dragon spat a curse, meeting the attack with its almighty breath.

Aldebaran: [――――]

A moment later, dazzling crimson and white light consumed the sky, creating the illusion that the night had come to an end.

Originally, the scene was supposed to be that of Reinhard being struck by a star, but with this event’s occurrence being actively perverted, the night sky being set ablaze was the conclusion, simple as. ――False, as the story was not drawing to a close yet.

The shattered star burst into innumerable glittering fragments, carpet bombing the sand sea.

Aldebaran: [Guh, ugh…]

Naturally, Aldebaran, who was on the ground, had also been blown away, his entire body accumulating several burns as he collapsed onto the sand.

Soon, he heard a rumbling that did not resemble that of a falling star from not too far away, and with difficulty he turned his neck to look towards the place it came from, where he saw “Aldebaran”, with a broken wing and another that had been severed, having powerlessly fallen to the ground.

And then――,

Reinhard: [It is regrettable that it had to come to this.]

Towards the collapsed Aldebaran’s side, Reinhard walked.

Leaving aside the half-dead Dragon and Aldebaran, he had been swallowed by the cataclysmic light of a star, yet did not seem to bear any signs of such.

He had heard that the Sin Archbishop of Greed had killed Reinhard once, but how had that been done?

Alas, Reinhard, bearing a look of shame, believed that the fight had already come to an end, and perhaps sadly, Aldebaran had no method with which to overturn this.

Indeed, Reinhard had judged correctly. ――For the eight-thousand-four-hundred and sixty-sixth time, it was his victory.

But――,

Aldebaran: [――Next.]

At that moment, behind Reinhard, “Aldebaran” raised its head from where it had unceremoniously fallen to the ground, and unleashed a fearsome Dragon’s breath towards them.

The Dragon’s breath had been shot in an imperfect state, a mere shadow of its perfected form, but Reinhard could not possibly ignore it. ――That was because Aldebaran was also in its line of fire, and would have been unable to escape the fate of being turned into charcoal if Reinhard were to dodge.

Reinhard: [I cannot approve of this way of doing things…!]

Turning around as drew his yet-sheathed Dragon Sword, Reinhard slashed the breath away head-on.

Reinhard’s voice overflowed with righteous indignation, his heart filled with anger at this murder-suicide attempt, due to the fact that “Aldebaran” had unleashed an attack that would swallow up its ally Aldebaran.

How so truly kind of him. Next time, he would incorporate that into his strategy.

With this decision, Aldebaran unwrapped the drug package in his mouth, and gulped down the poison contained within.

Reinhard: [Wha…!]

Having noticed that something was wrong, Reinhard turned around, his face stiffening. Within his vision, Aldebaran was twitching and convulsing on the ground, drowning in bloody froth as his consciousness went to the beyond――,

×  ×  ×

???: [――That will be as far as you go.]

A dignified voice cut through the cold, frozen sky, and a beam of light pierced the airborne Dragon obliquely.

While the impact rattled through his entire body, Aldebaran, with a reflex that he had finally conditioned after falling to his death hundreds of times, clung onto a protrusion on the Dragon’s back, avoiding the opportunity to go skydiving without a parachute, and together with his literal alternate self, plummeted towards the ground.

And then――,

???: [I advise you surrender. If possible, I would prefer not to cut you down.]

Aldebaran: [Quit putting on airs, hero . I’ll win regardless. ――Your stars were bad.]

――For the eight-thousand four-hundred and sixty-seventh time, Aldebaran’s battle commenced.

△▼△▼△▼△

――His encounter with the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, had begun in night skies over the Augria Sand Dunes after having fled Pleiades Watchtower.

The battle had begun when they had been pierced by light, and came crashing down, but Aldebaran saw that as something that was bound to happen sooner or later, and was not surprised by his arrival.

Although it was a confrontation he had understood would happen at some point, he felt like it had come upon him a little too soon.

Rather, it would have been more desirable to be able to fight at a time when he was at a minimal level of exhaustion. ――And even that optimistic tough act was only possible before he had heard “――That will be as far as you go” a hundred times, as when hearing “――That will be as far as you go” for the next eight-thousand odd times, his bravado would completely fall apart.

In reality, after the first “――That will be as far as you go”, he would go on to hear it more than a hundred times before he was gently caught by the Dragon’s wings and land safely upon the Sand Sea.

Until then, he had met fates such as breaking his neck or spine in a crash landing, forcing him back to the “――That will be as far as you go”, giving him no choice but to try over and over again for reasons unbeknownst to him.

Aldebaran: [So the one who’s been saying “――That will be as far as you go” was Reinhard this whole time! I was so moved when I realized that…]

It was not really good for one’s psyche, being in a situation of being unaware as to what could have possibly been attacking them.

For Aldebaran, receiving physical damage was unpleasant, but it was not the worst possible thing. What he feared was not so much physical injury, but mental injury.

In that respect, upon finally uncovering the true identity of the one repeating “――That will be as far as you go”, he felt as if he had finally escaped from a labyrinth. But then again, that cheerful mood vanished right away.

Aldebaran: [I guess I should count myself lucky that I didn’t get softlocked …]

Depending on the situation, it being possible to establish the matrix just before a dead end was the only real thing that could be considered a weakness of Aldebaran’s Authority. Miraculously, it was a mistake he had never made up to this point, but there was no guarantee that it would remain that way in the future.

Moreover, at that moment, he had been defining and redefining the matrix every fifteen seconds in preparation for any unforeseen circumstances. Thanks to that, he had been able to return to the point just before Reinhard had said “――That will be as far as you go,” but if he had established the starting point of the matrix to be just after the “――That will be as far”, he would have been starting from the “…as you go”, chipping away at his heart without him being able to do anything about it.

Once the matrix was updated, it was impossible to go back to previous tasks.

That was to say, Aldebaran had no choice but to conquer the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, using the matrix that began with the declaration of “――That will be as far as you go”.

For that reason, he had already gone through over eight-thousand repetitions of “――That will be as far as you go”.

It was a daunting battle, comparable to scaling a hopelessly high mountain at the pace of a tortoise, but “Aldebaran” was there with him, so it was not as if they would be completely incapable of contesting against Reinhard.

Thanks to this, preparations to conquer Reinhard were steadily underway.

To conquer any enemy, not limited to just Reinhard, what was required was a breakdown of elements.

By deconstructing the elements that made something what it was, one could naturally expose the core of their opponent. Reinhard, too, was not simply the strongest. ――There were reasons that made him the strongest.

Aldebaran would break him down into the individual elements of Heart, Technique, and Body, and would unravel him.

Body. ――Reinhard harbored ridiculous physical abilities not brought about by his Divine Protections, but by Reinhard’s own extraordinary Od, which produced an efficient and explosive synergy of the Mana inside and outside his body without any loss in the slightest, allowing him to utilize it naturally.

There was a technique known as the Flow Method that could be acquired through outstanding talent and years of training, which allowed the body to be strengthened by circulating Mana throughout it. Reinhard had been born with a congenital Excess Mana Circulation Constitution, so he was able to naturally manipulate this technique from birth, and it was normal for him to remain in an constantly enhanced state.

That was roughly equivalent to saying that the simple act of Reinhard breathing normally had hundreds of times the effect of an ordinary person taking a deep breath, all the while still leaving room for Reinhard himself to take a deep breath.

Technique. ――Based on Aldebaran’s prior knowledge and what he had identified after eight-thousand clashes, Reinhard possessed at least two-hundred-and-fifty-one Divine Protections. His Divine Protections ranged from his signature Divine Protection of the Sword Saint, to ones useful in combat such as the Divine Protection of Initiative and the Divine Protection of Projectile Evasion, to environmental ones like the Divine Protection of Fog and the Divine Protection of Sandplay, to poor jokes such as the Divine Protection of Shoelaces and the Divine Protection of Wearing Layers.

Reinhard possessed so many rare and powerful Divine Protections that each one could be a unique representative for every country, numbering significantly more than the fingers on both hands, and his ability to adapt was so outstanding that even if a trap were to be prepared to ensnare and kill the world’s cleverest Witch, he would easily break through.

Heart. ――Finally, the ethos of Reinhard, bearing the duty of the Sword Saint.

Reinhard’s declaration of merely being from the lineage of Sword Saints could perhaps serve as proof that he believed he did not meet the ideal standards of how a Sword Saint ought to be, but to those who bore objectives that differed from his, and stood in opposition to him, that self-consciousness of Reinhard’s was irrelevant.

Regardless of how Reinhard himself might have felt, his feats and devotion to his duty made him worthy of being called the Sword Saint, and to the enemies of the Kingdom―― nay, to the enemies of the world, he would turn no blind eye.

The Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, was a cog in the machine for the express purpose of destroying the world’s enemies.

This was the result of Aldebaran’s analysis of Reinhard’s Heart, Technique, and Body.

To rephrase, in order to conquer Reinhard, it would be essential to crush these elements that had been revealed through his breakdown, one-by-one.

Ergo――,

Reinhard: [――That will be as far as you go.]

With that, as the Dragon was pierced by light, Aldebaran’s next battle commenced.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Eight-thousand eight-hundred and eighty-eight.

???: [――That will be as far as you go.]

Amidst the successive battles, he became convinced that for Reinhard, who possessed the Excess Mana Circulation Constitution that inordinately absorbed ambient Mana and circulated it throughout his body, the Augria Sand Dunes, which were infested with Miasma, a tainted form of Mana, was the worst possible location imaginable.

In other words, across the entirety of the world, there was no other field where Reinhard would be so weakened, save for the Augria Sand Dunes.

Even when exposed to the supergravity-generating Al Karum [1], a gravitational field so intense that even “Aldebaran” had been crushed under its own weight, Reinhard had overcome being engulfed by it through sheer strength; and in the Augria Sand Dunes, Reinhard’s physical abilities were at their weakest state still.

Aldebaran: [――Next.]

×  ×  ×

――Ten-thousand two-hundred and twelve.

???: [――That will be as far as you go.]

Utilizing the refraction of light, the fact that the surrounding area had been veiled in a wall of ice was concealed. That airtight space, sealed with ice, was then filled with mist, and the water within was made to vaporize all at once, causing it to explode.

The explosive decompression of a sealed space caused by a steam explosion was an outcome that could not have been anticipated, since the cause of which was a phenomenon that had yet to be fully elucidated given this world’s level of civilization. An attack borne from a synthesis of magic with science.

The plan had been to simultaneously trick both the Divine Protection of Fire Avoidance and the Divine Protection of Water Avoidance not by using simple fire or water, but rather a steam explosion; but, by him receiving the Divine Protection of Fireplay that rendered explosions harmless and the Divine Protection of Waterplay that neutralized water damage, this attempt too had been overcome.

Aldebaran: [――Next.]

×  ×  ×

――Sixteen-thousand and eight.

???: [――That will be as far as you go.]

The temperature gradient between Fire and Water Magic was used to create thunderclouds, and by applying Wind and Earth Magic, he caused the Dragon Sword to be imbued with an electric charge. Following the principle that formed the basis for lightning rods, inescapable bolts of lightning struck Reinhard.

To escape the sheer speed of lightning, not even Reinhard was capable of such. The bolts of lightning, reminiscent of the speed of Cecilus’s swordsmanship that transcended human limits, a sight that had become all too familiar to him in the Empire, struck Reinhard chaotically.

Reinhard completely neutralized this with his Divine Protection of the Lightning Cloud, and although the lightning could not seize Reinhard, it did take hold of the Dragon Sword, causing the sword to become highly magnetized.

Taking advantage of it, he moved on to the next plan, which had been prepared in advance. ――Using this magnetic force, he immobilized his opponent with the abundant magnetite-rich sand that lay in the sand sea, and drove an attack into the lethal gap he had opened.

However, this too was circumvented by the Divine Protection of Sandplay and the Divine Protection of Mud Slippage, ending in failure.

Aldebaran: [――Next.]

×  ×  ×

――Sixty-four thousand seven-hundred and ninety-nine.

???: [――That will be as far as you go.]

Responding to the previous failure had caused him to momentarily forget the conditioning that should have been ingrained in his soul.

In that instant, he had forgotten the routine of clinging onto the protrusion that adorned the back of the Dragon; his whole body was enveloped by a floating sensation, and he was swept up by the wind, losing sense of up and down, left and right, as he was tossed about.

In the distance, unable to pick up the falling Aldebaran, all that could be heard was the crying roar of the Dragon.

His tongue probed the insides of his mouth, and for what felt like the umpteenth time, the deadly poison he carried was unleashed once again.

A fall from that height would have undoubtedly killed him upon impact. However, a one-in-a-million oddity occurring this time would be problematic. So, just to be safe, Aldebaran gulped down the poison.

Before hitting the ground, struck by an intense pain akin to all of his blood boiling, his mind was blotted white――,

Aldebaran: [――Next.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――One-hundred thirty-two-thousand and fourteen.

???: [――That will be as far as you go.]

Alas, over the course of the battle he had repeated over, and over, and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again, a battle that nonetheless did not last longer than two minutes on average, Aldebaran had become more proficient.

Aldebaran: [Quit putting on airs, hero . I’ll win regardless. ――Your stars were bad.]

Standing off against Reinhard to the fore, gaze trained upon him, Aldebaran reached into his pocket, pulled out a singular book, and raised it aloft over his head with its pages open.

That was a Book of the Dead he had taken out of Pleiades Watchtower―― Aldebaran’s own Book.

By showing its contents to Reinhard, he would perturb his mental state―― such a strategy had already ended in failure as a plan quite some time ago.

Reinhard possessed the Divine Protection of Nightmares, which combated pollutants to the mind, so he was extremely resistant to brainwashing attacks that would directly disturb one’s mental state. Still, it likely could not completely nullify the effects of an Authority, but just by making it possible to disregard the majority of the influences, it was sufficiently effective.

To put it briefly, Reinhard was not the person to whom Aldebaran was showing the Book of the Dead.

It was the other “Aldebaran”, on standby behind him.

“Aldebaran”: [――Synchronization, complete.]

Guessing his intent, “Aldebaran” had lowered its eyes down to look upon the pages of the yet-soaked Book of the Dead; the contents of the Book were drilled directly into its brain, and its Memories were updated.

The Book of the Dead he had brought with him had recorded all of the one-sided fierce battles against Reinhard that Aldebaran had experienced. ――By showing that to “Aldebaran”, Aldebaran could allow the partner who was left behind by the territory to draw level with him at any time.

Both failure and success―― at present, there had yet to be a successful plan, but of the plans that had ended in failure, just by knowing how they had been thwarted and what actions “Aldebaran” had taken in them, “Aldebaran’s” own proficiency would increase remarkably.

For that purpose, Aldebaran had made sure to watch over every battle with his own eyes.

Aldebaran: [――So long as I don’t give up, there’s nobody who can beat me.]

That was the absolute conviction with which Aldebaran had continued to struggle against defeats that reached beyond a count of one-hundred-thousand.

I won’t waver, no matter what. ――It’s with that resolve, that I started this.

Reinhard: [――From the lineage of Sword Saints, Reinhard van Astrea.]

Alongside “――That will be as far as you go”, this was an introduction he had heard over one-hundred-thousand times.

Taking it in, Aldebaran inhaled, paused, and continued.

Aldebaran: [I’m… a following star.]

A declaration that seemed to be spoken on a whim, Reinhard accepted it, and advanced.

The distance between the two vanished in an instant, and despite him being in his worst condition due to the Miasma filling the sand sea, the Divine Protection of Sandplay allowed him to disregard his poor footing, and the Divine Protection of Night Skies granted him strength in the midst of night; bearing the sheathed Dragon Sword on his waist, the Sword Saint closed in.

“Aldebaran”: [――Haahraan!!]

Having installed the Memories of over one-hundred-thousand battles, a roar that was no longer unshapely morphed into a white light of destruction, intercepting the incoming Reinhard head-on.

A Dragon’s breath was not magic nor anything of the sort; it was simply an exceedingly powerful torrent of Mana, pure, primitive to its objective, destroying anything that dared to make contact.

A blast that seemed it would decimate the vast sand sea for the rest of eternity, its radial expansion left no escape, and not even Reinhard possessed the means to evade it. ――Hence, he did not evade.

Reinhard: [Shh――]

That instant, a flash that rivaled the Dragon’s breath cleaved the white light directly in twain.

That which had done so, swinging up from down below, was the Dragon Sword Reid, still in its scabbard. The legendary blade had yet to make contact with the air, but by combining the strength of the sheath, which nobody was capable of destroying, and his own sword power, Reinhard had severed the Dragon’s breath.

But, thereupon――,

Aldebaran: [ Plan D23 !!]

“Aldebaran”: [――Al Goa.]

Aldebaran yelled, and without any words of confirmation, the Dragon scorched the world in an explosive inferno.

He had long predicted that he would undoubtedly end up fighting against Reinhard. ――Hence, Aldebaran had prepared a plethora of plans for when the time came for him to battle the Sword Saint, and those had been shared with “Aldebaran” alongside his Memories.

Between Aldebaran and “Aldebaran”, no strategy meetings were necessary.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Without letting the swell of the inferno become a fireball, a stretch of the sand sea was engulfed by flames right away.

The midnight sand sea was illuminated by a bright-red radiance, instantaneously transforming the chilly atmosphere into a burnt hellscape.

The might of the flames kneaded out of the extraordinary Mana of the Dragon was so absurd that as the blaze engulfed the sand sea, the grains of sand all melted in unison, morphing them into glass.

The scene that resulted was reminiscent of the scene of Al Shario’s starlight destroying the sand sea. Were there to be any differences, it would be that, this time, the way the sand sea had been destroyed was more atmospheric; were there to be any similarities, it would be the emergence of the Sword Saint from its epicenter――.

Aldebaran: [Divine Protection of Fire Avoidance.]

A man with blazing red hair boldly stepped forward into the fiery, red world that would have turned any normal living being to ash, or at the very least, to charcoal.

Clearing the flames away with a swing of his arm as he emerged, Reinhard had avoided the majority of the damage with his Divine Protection of Fire Avoidance, and if he were exposed to more intense flames, he would receive the Divine Protection of Fireplay, allowing him to fully demonstrate his enhanced abilities within the inferno.

That being the case, neither fire attacks, nullified by the Divine Protection of Fire Avoidance, nor terrain changes, nullified by the Divine Protection of Sandplay, were Aldebaran’s true aim.

His real intentions were――,

Reinhard: [――Hk.]

At that moment, Reinhard, standing amidst the blazing flames, furrowed his brow, and put his hand to his throat.

He ought to have realized. ――He was in a critical situation in which he was unable to breathe.

“Aldebaran”: [――Haahraan!!]

Upon seeing Reinhard’s reaction, “Aldebaran” decided it was time to attack and unleashed its breath. The power and explosive force of the white light left Reinhard unable to move, and a look of determination came over his face.

It was not a look of remorse or pain, but one of facing hardship during battle.

Aldebaran: [Finally…]

Seeing that face, Aldebaran clenched his fist at achieving a result after tens of thousands of tries.

The phenomenon that afflicted Reinhard had been caused by the flames consuming all the oxygen around him, creating an area devoid of oxygen.

Due to his Divine Protections, the effects of earth, water, fire, and wind were all ineffective against Reinhard, but he should not be able to survive in an oxygen-free environment, as that would be against the laws of nature.

With that aim in mind, he had created an oxygen-free environment. ――And there, he pinned the Sword Saint in place.

Aldebaran: [Have a go at trying to figure out what’s going on there without any science lessons!]

With just magic, or science at a theoretical level, Reinhard could not be defeated.

Even Reinhard, the Sword Saint, who forced magic and science to bend to his will, was finally driven into a corner by a phenomenon that even Od Lagna, who favored him, was unaware of.

By killing his Technique with a phenomenon that a Divine Protection could not protect him from, as well as killing his Body with a Miasma-filled battlefield, he managed to seal away two of the elements necessary for conquering Reinhard.

And then――,

Aldebaran: [ Plan L29 ――!!] “Aldebaran”: [ Plan L29 ――!!]

The opportunity to press forward came, and Aldebaran and “Aldebaran” were in agreement.

While “Aldebaran” used its breath to hold Reinhard in place, Aldebaran carried out the necessary procedures, and thereupon poured in the vast Mana of the Dragon.

The size of the Gate and the shape of the Od were night and day.

Even so, it was a secret move that could only be used by Aldebaran and “Aldebaran”, who shared the same magic signature that was unique like a fingerprint―― two long, cylindrical vertical formations were laid out in the air, and they, clad in purple lightning, crackled and emitted a pale-blue light and the sound of radiating heat, turning its barrel towards Reinhard.

Two magical rails stretched across the sky.

In other words, that was――,

Aldebaran: [―― Magia Railgun .]

A magically-powered railgun, loaded with bullets that were neither fire, ice, nor lead.

With the dao Aldebaran had created using Earth Magic, he had scraped off the scales of the Dragon―― these became bullets that were fired at lightning speed and struck the oxygen-deprived Reinhard.

No matter how fast Reinhard was, he could not outrun lightning.

That was a fact that Aldebaran had already learned from his previous battles.

Reinhard: [――Hk!]

The Divine Protection of First Sight and the Divine Protection of Projectile Evasion were activated simultaneously. Reinhard’s instinctive reaction to the attack he was seeing for the first time was to notice that the railgun’s firing line wavered slightly.

Because of that, Reinhard leaned forward slightly, and the railgun, which had only just missed its target, narrowly passed him and gouged out a semicircle in the Sand Sea.

However――,

Reinhard: [――Guh.]

There was a burst of blood that sprayed out over the Sand Sea, and a cry of pain escaped Reinhard’s throat.

The railgun had not been a direct hit. It had only grazed him. But as long as the attack was deadly, even Reinhard would not come out unscathed from only a glancing blow.

Bleeding profusely from his right shoulder, Reinhard, for the first time in over one-hundred and thirty-thousand battles, showed definite damage, and thereupon――,

“Aldebaran”: [Fire!!]

The second Magia Railgun fired, and the scale pierced the dead center of Reinhard.

An inescapable blast wave wreaked havoc on the Sand Sea, and Reinhard disappeared. ――No, he did not disappear. He was swept away with the scale, right in the line of fire of the railgun.

Even Reinhard could not withstand the power and speed of a direct hit.

Provided he did take the blow directly, that was.

Aldebaran: [――The Divine Protection of Second Coming.]

With his blood-spurting right arm limp at his side, Reinhard gripped the Dragon Sword with his left hand, and he had once again blocked the railgun blast that had threatened to pierce the center of his body with the sheath.

Unable to withstand the impact, he had been knocked off his feet, but he had avoided fatal injury―― no, rather, he had not been knocked off his feet, but he had flown backward to match the railgun and disperse the deadly blow.

“Aldebaran”: [――Al Karum!]

The moment “Aldebaran” saw the same thing as Aldebaran, it performed the incantation, and a magical black sphere that generated extreme gravity was born behind Reinhard.

It was a rehash of a spell that had not worked some eight-thousand loops prior or thereabouts―― no, in this extreme situation, “Aldebaran” had also broken past its limits and evolved the spell to the next level.

What came to emerge there was not merely a powerful force field that exerted an extremely heavy gravitational force.

What did appear was a destructive singularity of mass, similar to a black hole, which warped space by concentrating an amount of Mana large enough to bring down a star into a single point.

Upon making contact with Reinhard as he was being blown away, the life of the Sword Saint was pulverized――,

Aldebaran: [――The Divine Protection of Shedding Blood.]

In the next instant, the tip of the Dragon Sword thrust into the singularity, and the black sphere was forcibly destroyed.

The Dragon Sword was said to be indestructible. Its strength had been proven beyond doubt, but Reinhard’s left arm, which had held the Dragon Sword as it disturbed the singularity, was destroyed.

The railgun had damaged Reinhard’s right arm, and the singularity had damaged his left arm.

It was the combination of two of his most powerful plans, and however horrifying it was to think that even all this had still failed to defeat him, this was the greatest damage Reinhard had ever suffered.

As it was――,

Aldebaran: [――The Divine Protection of Projectile Striking.]

The next moment, Reinhard, his toes planted on the sandy soil that had been razed by the railgun and the singularity, with his bloodied arms still hanging limp, kicked up the fallen Dragon Sword with his foot―― and sent it flying.

“Aldebaran”: [――Gohk.]

Light pierced the center of “Aldebaran’s” throat, and the Dragon fell violently.

The dust and turbulence resulting from the fall of the Dragon caused Aldebaran to topple over helplessly. He inhaled the rising cloud of dust and choked. He coughed.

And then――,

Reinhard: [――That will be as far as you go.]

Looking down at the collapsed Aldebaran on the ground, the bloodied Reinhard so announced.

The Sword Saint, with his arms hanging limply at his side, stood by the Dragon Sword sticking out from the ground, and after ascertaining that “Aldebaran” was unconscious with its eyes rolled back, he looked at Aldebaran.

After forcing him into such a corner, having done so much, it was a loss nonetheless.

He aimed beyond the realm of a billion, and failing to reach it, he had betrayed the expectations of many, just like back then.

Robbing him of both arms, and conquering his Body, had not been enough.

Launching an attack that his Divine Protections could not defend against, and conquering his Technique, had not been enough.

The Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, was far too strong.

And so, Aldebaran took a long, deep breath, and――,

Aldebaran: [――Your old man’s been captured by an accomplice of mine.]

In order to conquer the Heart of Reinhard van Astrea, a trump card was played.

Translation Notes:

[1] “クラム” was translated as “Karum” instead of “Kuram” following its phonetic pronounciation because in Japanese the word is actually “Murak” (ムラク) backwards, following the author’s intent.

--- Chapter 15: The Defeated ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Your old man’s been captured by an accomplice of mine.]

The moment he employed that trump card of his, Aldebaran felt his own defeat to a painful extent.

One-hundred-and-thirty-two thousand and forty-four, such was the number of attempts in the matrix it had taken him to solve this one problem; the Witch had conditioned him into the habit of counting them up, and this marked the second occasion in his life the count had reached this number.

And thus, much like what had happened that first time, once again had Aldebaran been defeated.

The preparations laid out had been flawless, all possible stratagems had been put in place, he was possessed of limitless chances to fine-tune his plans so long as his heart did not shatter, and yet, he lost.

How frail his own heart must be; he was truly, oh so truly disgusted by it.

His heart was frail.

Far more than his lack of talent, far more than the lack of rewards for his efforts, far more than nobody loving him, that frail heart was the deadly poison that everlastingly made Aldebaran loathe himself so.

???: [――――]

By way of the repeated trial and error alongside the Dragon, he had finally succeeded in having the Sword Saint spill blood.

This successful experience, too, was overruled by means of the Divine Protection of Bloodshed, a ridiculous Divine Protection that made him more powerful the more blood he shed, yet the figure of Reinhard, both his arms having been rendered useless, served as the spoils of battle.

In frankness, since Reinhard would have gone through most of the battles in his life without sustaining injuries, his hope had been that giving him a taste of pain would cast a shadow upon he who was the strongest.

Alas, the man strongest in the world, the man strongest in generations, the man strongest in history, stood likewise firm in the face of pain.

Henceforth, albeit his arms had been torn to shreds and into ribbons, his complexion had not changed whatsoever.

Therefore――,

Aldebaran: […I get’cha.]

To his fore, as Reinhard looked down on him toppled amidst a sea of sand, Aldebaran nodded in assent.

Never mind the discomfort of having soil in his mouth, the flavor of blood pooling on the inside of his cut cheek, the unavoidable sluggishness and pain throughout his entire body from being rocked by the shockwave; he still could not help but declare so.

Amidst the bouts whose grand total surpassed one-hundred-and-thirty-thousand, not once had Reinhard’s complexion changed, even when his arms had been reduced to such a state. ――That face had thus contorted into a thing of dreadful sorrow.

Aldebaran: [I get’cha.]

Reinhard’s face looked very much akin to that of a child who had let go of the parents’ hands and lost sight of them whilst shopping at a mall, to which Aldebaran piled on words of understanding.

Piling them on, he continued.

Aldebaran: [Family, it’s what always holds us back.]

Reinhard: [――Hk, how can I know what you say is true…]

Aldebaran: [Why don’t you take a look? For example… with that, with the Duchess’s Divine Protection of Wind Reading. If you can discern if someone is lying with that or something similar, then you could see whether I’m being truthful or not.]

Reinhard: [That is――]

Aldebaran: [Not something you can do? ――I guess you do have some trauma from taking away someone’s Divine Protection.]

When he pointed that out, anguish flashed across Reinhard’s expression.

A miniscule opening was born in the defense of the invincible, of the impregnable Sword Saint. Akin to water starting to overflow from a levee. The more the water seeped through, the stronger Aldebaran’s feelings of defeat would grow.

Neither his Body nor his Technique could be outrivalled. As a result, he would have to torment his Heart, a most foul approach.

And that strategy had been evidently effective.

What Aldebaran had attempted more than a hundred-and-thirty-thousand times, and failed to do, he would now accomplish by playing dirty, shedding not a single drop of blood or sweat.

And, that was no fault of Reinhard van Astrea, the young man born carrying the expectations to become the Sword Saint.

Aldebaran: [In that case, how about we use logic alone?]

Reinhard: […Logic?]

Aldebaran: [Indeed, logic.]

Raising his body upon the sand as it creaked, Aldebaran gave pursuit to Reinhard.

Perhaps, had “Aldebaran” been able to get up, they would have had the option to fight while still instilling uncertainty in Reinhard.

But, with no signs that the fainted “Aldebaran” would come to its senses, he had already deployed the key to conquer the Heart. So, the only option left to him was to use this key to pry open a closed route. ――Aldebaran resolved himself to do so.

Aldebaran: [As you can tell from getting to this point, I’ve taken every possible measure, and laid preparations to face off against you, Sword Saint-san. A mountain of plans , the Augria Sand Dunes riddled with Miasma, and in addition…]

Reinhard: [――Enlisted the Divine Dragon Volcanica, to your cause.]

Aldebaran: [Strictly speaking, that one was only managed via a secret trick… but yes. However, though I went that far, I had no confidence that I could take you down, and in fact, it was no good. You understand then, right?]

Reinhard: [――――]

Aldebaran: [Your old man, he was a collaborator of Princess’s. I had plenty of chances … of opportunities.]

Aldebaran was convinced that this reason was certainly not the one for which Priscilla had allowed Heinkel into her Camp.

Haughty, arrogant, unafraid to profess that all things in the world belonged to her, was Aldebaran’s beloved woman; the beautiful and the ugly she forgave equally, regardless of her likings.

She would not have used Heinkel for the purpose of dealing with Reinhard, nor would she have shunned Heinkel, deliberately hurting him for his way of being, in any way.

The source of her intent lay concealed within her heart, her heart that was fierce like flame, whence it could not be laid bare.

――Or perhaps, that was what he should have done.

Minding not the conflagration, Aldebaran, having been dispossessed of his left arm, ought to have fumbled and groped around in the flames with his other arm, steeled with the resolve to let it turn to charcoal, to let it burn to ash.

Had he done as such, Priscilla Barielle would still be――.

Aldebaran: […She’s, no longer among us.]

Reinhard: [Al-dono?]

Aldebaran: [I ain’t got even a single reason to hesitate. I’d take those sorta measures with no qualms whatsoever.]

With Aldebaran asserting thus, Reinhard’s eyes narrowed a smidgen.

Reinhard did not wish to be bestowed with the Divine Protection of Wind Reading due to various reasons, but surely even he had been provided with sufficient info as to believe Aldebaran.

Reinhard: [――――]

From what he could tell by a glance, Reinhard’s injured arms had yet to commence being healed.

Blessed by the world, and loved by fate, it was said that when Reinhard sustained wounds on his body, the Spirits in his environs would flock to him so that he may be healed; the Augria Sand Dunes were riddled with Miasma however, the natural enemy of Spirits. Accordingly, Reinhard’s little fangirls were unable to assemble.

It was possible that, since the dawn of history, no one but Aldebaran had ever cornered Reinhard to this extent, so given such an unprecedented situation――,

Reinhard: [……You, what do you desire from me?]

As if wringing that out of himself, Reinhard took a seat at the hostage negotiation table.

Hearing that, Aldebaran let out a long, long breath, relief that tormenting the Heart had indeed been worthwhile,

Aldebaran: [Nothing outrageous. I ain’t gonna give you an unreasonable demand, like asking you to join me like the Divine Dragon. Nor will I have you betray your master, or do anything I wouldn’t like being done to me.]

Reinhard: [Inscrutable, I cannot believe that. You use my father as a shield, and try to say you have a conscience?]

Aldebaran: [What a terrible shameless person I am, eh? Having to deal with a guy like that, I kinda feel sorry for you. ――My request is simple , I only wish that you let us go on our way.]

Reinhard: [Let you go?]

Impossible, was the nuance that reply was laced with, to which Aldebaran shook his head up and down.

Ordering Reinhard to commit suicide, or having him halt the Council of Wise Men’s actions in exchange for his father; unreasonable negotiation demands of the sort were not within his intentions.

It was already clear to him, from the start. ――Reinhard would not go along with hostage negotiations.

Reinhard: [――――]

He was seriously concerned for Heinkel’s safety, he did not want to let Aldebaran, hostile as he was, die, and he was worried about his comrades, Flam and Ezzo, who yet remained in the Tower.

And all of that human compassion, he would be capable of gathering together and heartlessly sacrificing in order to protect the world’s equilibrium if necessity arose.

Reinhard would be able to sacrifice Heinkel, for whose safety he was seriously concerned; he would be able to slay Aldebaran, who he did not want to let die, hostile as he was; he would be able to abandon the comrades he was worried about, Flam and Ezzo, who yet remained in the Tower, leaving them to meet their deaths. ――The Sword Saint, was simply that sort of being.

Henceforth, only those individuals willing to sacrifice their own selves to protect the greater good could become the Sword Saint.

Aldebaran: [Lemme tell you one thing, letting me off the hook here won’t result in any huge differences in the world. If anything, it’ll remove two users of cheat techniques from the Royal Selection, increasing your master’s chances of becoming the Monarch.]

Reinhard: [A throne attained through the elimination of her opponents, is not what Felt-sama desires.]

Aldebaran: [How virtuous. But, I guess that adds up. If her personality wasn’t one that minded such things, she could’ve put an end to the Royal Selection by process of elimination the moment it began.]

This would not serve as a bargaining chip. Of this he was well aware.

Through many twists and turns, Priscilla had ultimately come to approve of the four other Royal Candidates. For those who had lived up to her standards, going along with boorish dealings of the sort was by no means a possibility.

In the end, these hostage negotiations themselves were merely a farce of conclusion foreseen.

No matter how much he rambled on, the fact that Aldebaran was a dangerous existence had already been demonstrated by Reinhard’s wrecked arms. Even if he were to insist he was a harmless man, there was no margin to believe that.

There was no way that the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, could have ever let Aldebaran go.

Then, just what could the purpose of this dialogue possibly have been? The answer was obvious. ――Everything Aldebaran had devised, had been for the sole purpose of accomplishing what he had set out to do beyond this point.

Aldebaran: [――Has it arrived?]

That minute alteration in the air was first perceived by Aldebaran because unlike Reinhard, who had not anticipated it, the former had been waiting for it impatiently. ――For the coming of one who could bring his unending battle with the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, to an end.

That was――,

Reinhard: [――Absurd.]

Lagging half a second behind Aldebaran, Reinhard grasped its presence, a voice rife with dumbfoundment spilling from his lips.

It was likely that, in the life he had lived thus far, half the length of Aldebaran’s own, Reinhard had peered into many abysses of the world, which all others of his generation had never seen.

Even when the Divine Dragon Volcanica, with whom a strong relationship of trust existed as per his link to the Kingdom of Lugunica via a Covenant, had turned into an adversary, he had handled it with serenity rather than discomposure.

That Reinhard was now utterly speechless. No wonder. This was the first time he had ever laid eyes on it.

Pleiades Watchtower, built upon the Augria Sand Dunes―― the reason why the Tower had been erected, had been neither for a battle-worn Sage to go into retirement, nor because that was where a knowledge-hungry Witch had wished to place the tasteless Library she had tricked Od Lagna into creating.

Reinhard: [――The Witch of Envy.]

――It had been, for guarding that which had been sealed.

△▼△▼△▼△

――It was around the time that Aldebaran’s one-hundred thirty-two-thousand and forty-fourth battle had begun.

???: [I’ve given first aid, but…]

Having said that, Petra finished bandaging up one of the two injured people and watched over them with concern.

Petra had just finished treating the limp and unconscious Garfiel. She had carried Garfiel and Ezzo, who had collapsed on the First Floor, down to the Fourth Floor and treated them as best she could.

Petra treated Garfiel, and Ezzo was treated by――,

???: [I am finished with my treatment as well. Thank you for lending me the equipment.]

Petra: [No problem, but are you okay, Flam-chan?]

Flam: [Yes. Fortunately, Al-sama only managed to restrain me, so I was not harmed.]

Indicating her own body with her hand, Flam responded.

Upon hearing that name, Petra’s expression darkened slightly. Flam was safe, but Garfiel and Ezzo were in critical condition―― and that was all thanks to Al.

He had not brought harm to Flam, and not only that, he had not raised his hand against Petra and Meili either. However, this did not mean Al’s actions could be justified or forgiven.

???: [Are you two~, done treating the~m?]

Petra clenched her fist in frustration, silently. Meili had been the one to call out to her from behind, having looked into the room. Having declined to help the injured on the pretext of guarding the Tower, Meili donned a small Crimson Scorpion on her head, and looking at Garfiel and Ezzo, who were wrapped in bandages,

Meili: [Both fanged onii-san and Sensei-san are all bandaged u~p.]

Petra: […Both of them have terrible burns all over their bodies. It would have been better if one of us could use proper healing magic.]

Flam: [I am sorry, but being around the young master has drained my motivation to learn magic.]

Meili: [Petra-chan, don’t get discoura~ged. I can’t even apply bandages right, let alone use healing magi~c. When treating Elsa, I made it up as I went alo~ng.]

Even after hearing excuses that were no excuse and words of comfort that were of no comfort, there was no relief for Petra’s heart. While she also had a lack of aptitude for healing magic as a form of Water Magic, the reason Petra had not acquired the necessary skills was undoubtedly due to her lack of resolve.

Petra: [If only Garf-san would wake up…]

Even though he would be left to treat himself, Garfiel was the one in the Emilia Camp who could use healing magic the most proficiently. His strength was found in his toughness and durability, thanks to the fact that he would become lively just by standing on the ground due to his Divine Protection of Earth Spirits, and he could even use healing magic while doing so.

So, it would have been fair to say that neither Petra nor any of the other members of the Camp had expected that Garfiel would have been the first to become unable to fight. ――Incorrect, Garfiel had not been the first to be incapacitated this time.

Petra: [Subaru…]

With her clenched fist held against her chest, Petra’s lips called out that name.

Subaru and Beatrice were nowhere to be found within the Tower. It seemed to be that Al had taken them out before moving on to Garfiel and the others, but where could they have gone?

She did not want to think about it―― but she imagined the possibility that all traces of them had been erased without leaving any dead bodies behind.

Meili: [Judging from how Helmet-san was acti~ng, it doesn’t seem like that’s the case, does i~t?]

Petra: [You are just trying to make me feel better…]

Meili: [I’m not just trying to make you feel bette~r. I would’ve lied to you if I was, but this isn’t a lie~. It’s what I really thi~nk.]

Petra: [――――]

Meili: [I can borrow the power of the Witchbeast-chans, so it’s a little differe~nt, but it’s actually pretty hard to make a body completely disappea~r. So I think Helmet-san didn’t kill Onii-san and Beatrice-chan, but took them away some other wa~y.]

With a finger on her lips, Meili speculated, to which Petra winced at the unsettling experience that backed her reasoning.

Meili was right; the best case scenario would be Subaru and Beatrice not being dead. If they had been taken somewhere, they could be rescued.

Just what was Al thinking――,

Flam: [――Whatever Al-sama was thinking, his scheming will soon be foiled.]

Meili: [O~h, you sure are full of confide~nce.]

When Flam suddenly interjected, Meili closed one eye and tilted her head, playing with her long braid. Flam nodded back with a, “Yes,”

Flam: [I will not go into the details, but I informed my younger sister, Grassis, of what happened here. Grassis is with the young master now, so she will have passed on the same information to him.]

Petra: [The young master…]

Flam: [The young master is the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea.]

In saying that Flam seemed proud of herself, puffing out her chest.

Petra’s eyes widened at the mention of the Sword Saint, but Meili, who had come over, reacted with a “Wow” that felt as if tinged with both disdain and sympathy.

Meili: [If Sword Saint-san’s going to swoop in, it looks like whatever Helmet-san had planned will be for nothing. I’m starting to feel so~rry for Helmet-san.]

Petra: [I don’t know how you’re able to say that, Meili-chan…]

Meili: [Sword Saint-san clashed with Divine Dragon-chan as if it was no big deal, ri~ght? Oh, but now Helmet-san has Divine Dragon-chan by his side, so maybe I shouldn’t feel sorry.]

Petra: […I wouldn’t feel bad at all if Al-san got beaten up.]

Rather, Petra could not help but think that he should have been beaten up.

The fact that Al had trampled on Petra’s feelings was not so bad. Petra hardly knew Al, so the pain was not so great, even if her feelings towards him had been betrayed.

The ones who had been truly hurt were the people who knew Al better than her.

Both Subaru and Emilia were genuinely concerned about Al, which was why they had made the time for this journey despite having to sacrifice their own time together. ――But Al had betrayed them.

Petra: [I don’t want to forgive you…]

At times, Petra found herself thinking that she was a narrow-minded, unpleasant person.

It was not just the anger she felt towards Al. From the time of the incident within the Sanctuary, she had never forgiven Roswaal, and in the Empire, she had also come across many things that she could not forgive.

Her heart simply could not forgive them, and she did not feel like forgiving them either. Petra only wanted to be kind to those who did not do the things she could not forgive.

When she was around genuinely kind people, she felt like a very unpleasant person.

Meili: [Petra-chan, you’re very ki~nd. I can tell you that for su~re.]

Petra unconsciously looked to the ground, and Meili patted her head with a light touch. When she looked up at the feel of her palm, she came to see Meili making a strange face.

She held a strange expression on her face, as if she was disgusted with herself, or perhaps with Petra.

Petra: […It will be tough, but let’s take Garf-san down the stairs. With his Divine Protection, it might be better to lay him flat on the ground to help him heal.]

Petra made that suggestion without commenting on either the expression on Meili’s face or the hand on her head.

Fortunately for them, Garfiel and Ezzo were not particularly large compared to other men. More importantly, Petra and Meili were just weak girls, but――,

Flam: [That is fine. While we are at it, we can also take Ezzo-sama. It is much more inconvenient to take them down the stairs separately.]

As she spoke, Flam unexpectedly lifted the two men.

Despite being the same age as Petra and Meili, her physical abilities were incomparable. She was a servant at the Sword Saint’s mansion, and perhaps that was the reason for her strength.

Anyway――,

Petra: [It feels like this is not over just yet.]

Al, after having done something unbelievable, had left the Tower with the Divine Dragon and, not long after, was being pursued by the Sword Saint, Reinhard, who had been contacted by Flam.

While both Meili and Flam seemed to think that there was no way Al’s plans would work out, whatever they were, Petra was unable to be so optimistic.

That was possibly because Petra did not know Reinhard personally.

But more than that, she thought it was a little strange that Al, who’d had Subaru at his mercy, had not taken any countermeasures against Reinhard.

If even Reinhard was unable to stop Al, what would they do then?

Petra: [――Huh?]

It happened just as Flam carried Garfiel and Ezzo out of the room. Petra and Meili were packing their travel gear, which had been unloaded, and were about to follow her. ――Petra was packing her equipment into her bag, felt something strange at the bottom, and pulled it out.

It was――,

Petra: […A book?]

Petra’s hand fell on a book that had been in her bag―― a familiar one. One of the many books that were stacked upon each other within the Tower.

There was no doubt about it. This was one of the many Books of the Dead arranged on the shelves of the Library up on the Third Floor.

The presence of a Book of the Dead was not strange in itself.

However, it was strange for it to be here. Ezzo had sternly warned them in advance not to remove the Books of the Dead from the Library, and everyone had been in agreement.

And yet, a Book of the Dead had turned up in this bag. Moreover――,

Petra: [――Subaru’s… bag.]

The bag at hand was one containing the personal belongings of Subaru and Beatrice.

For some reason, in a bag that contained items such as the Beatrice Growth Diary that Subaru had been writing, and necessities such as changes of clothes, a Book of the Dead had been secretly hidden away.

Petra: [The place where the name should be, is unreadable…?]

Gulping down her saliva, Petra furrowed her brow as she checked the spine.

She had heard that upon the spine of a Book of the Dead, the title would be written―― in the case of the Books of the Dead, that would be the name of the person whose life and death was documented in the Book. In fact, regardless of whether one possessed the qualifications to read any given Book of the Dead in the Library, they would have been able to ascertain the title written along the spine.

However, the title of this Book was unreadable. It had been scratched off to ensure that doing so would be impossible.

Petra: [――――]

Petra wracked her brain to imagine the name that had been scratched off the Book and the significance of it having been hidden in the bag.

The intent behind scratching out the title was obvious; in order to conceal whose Book of the Dead this was. And the reason for hiding it in this bag, was probably to hide the presence of this Book of the Dead.

And, since this Book of the Dead had been hidden in Subaru’s bag――,

Petra: [A book, that Subaru hid…]

Meili: [Petra-chan? I’m done with packing up the stuff over he~re. How about yo~u?]

Petra: […Meili-chan.]

Petra, who had stopped what she was doing, turned around as she heard Meili’s voice. At first, Meili tilted her head at Petra’s unusual behavior, but became startled upon noticing the Book in her hands.

Meili: [Petra-chan, what’s with that Bo~ok…]

Petra: […I found it in Subaru’s bag. Just maybe, with this…]

Meili: [With that Bo~ok?]

Petra: [――There may be a hint as to what is happening right now.]

With a firm grip on the Book’s binding, Petra concluded that it was not a completely wrong assumption.

Al’s sudden, reckless behavior in the Tower―― originally, Al’s goal had been to read the Book of the Dead of Priscilla Barielle, the deceased Royal Candidate. It was possible that he had also had another goal in mind but, in any case, his objective would have resided in the Tower.

What if his goal had been this Book of the Dead, and Subaru had decided not to give it to Al, instead hiding it in his bag?

What if that had been the cause of an irreparable rift between Subaru and Al?

Petra: [If I read this Book, maybe I will be able to find out.]

Meili: […I don’t think it’s safe, so I wouldn’t recommend i~t.]

Petra: [――――]

Meili: [Bu~t, I also understand your feelings, Petra-chan, that you don’t want to just sit around and do no~thing.]

With a worried look Meili stated so, to which Petra stuck out her tongue slightly with a “Sorry”.

No matter what Meili said, Petra intended on going through with it. ――Subaru and Beatrice had told her over and over again that reading a Book of the Dead was incredibly dangerous.

In any case, Ezzo had boasted that the trick to reading a Book of the Dead was to close off one’s mind and empty it, but Petra was not sure if she could do that.

However, Petra Leyte was not the kind of girl who would allow herself to sit quietly and do nothing.

And so――,

Petra: [――Meili-chan, if anything happens, I’m counting on you for later.]

Meili: [Asking me to do such a thing, Petra-chan, you really are such a poor judge of cha~racter.]

After that exchange, Petra took a deep breath, and slowly began to turn the page of the Book in her lap――,

Petra: [――Ah.]

――With Memories that were a Taboo of this world, she thus came into contact.

△▼△▼△▼△

As to how soon that might have happened, Aldebaran had borne no confidence.

Perhaps, if the girls were frailer of heart than Aldebaran had imagined, anguished in their crying as they failed to accept the events that had transpired, a situation in which this trap card had never been triggered would have arisen.

Had that been the case, it was possible that Aldebaran would have ended up looping another one-hundred and thirty-thousand times, bound to lay the bricks up to the realm of a billion forever and on without end.

However――,

Aldebaran: [I merely thought that those lil’ misses in particular would’ve pondered that much.]

The girls who had been left behind, Petra, Meili, and even Flam, all were owners of wisdom and experience beyond their years, blessed with rare talents by their circumstances.

Aldebaran had predicted that once they finished rescuing Garfiel and Ezzo from the verge of death, rather than coming to a standstill, the girls would begin to act in a constructive fashion.

And thus, in their attempt to do so, the girls would find it. ――Inside of Natsuki Subaru’s bag, they would find a Book of the Dead, a profound significance in its concealment.

With nothing to rely on, with naught a sign leading the way, it must have seemed to the girls as the sole possibility that Natsuki Subaru had left behind. If they could reel in the thread of that possibility, they would assuredly arrive at a light that enabled them to escape a sealed-off dead-end.

The leeway to realize that this was a trap set by Aldebaran, they possessed not.

That Book of the Dead――,

Aldebaran: [――Belongs to 菜月 ・ 昴 .]

Belonging to one who violated the natural laws of this world, ‘twas a Book of the Dead that truly ought to be deigned a Taboo.

As to what might occur were somebody to read it, witnessing that sight first-hand would be far more intuitive and difficult to misrepresent, compared to it being explained through language.

That was――,

Reinhard: [――Absurd.]

His blue eyes wide open, Reinhard once again uttered selfsame words in dumbfoundment.

However, no matter how much he attempted to deny that reality, it would not be rescinded. If the Sword Saint, Reinhard, was one blessed by the world, that was one whom the world cursed.

Blessings and curses were but two sides of the same coin; the power balance not one in which either was stronger.

Henceforth――,

Aldebaran: [The Sword Saint aside, nobody can stop that.]

Plunking himself down into a cross-legged position, he gazed over Reinhard’s shoulder to the nighttime sand sea―― the sight, illuminated only by faint starlight, contained a threat that unceasingly painted the world an even deeper shade of black.

At the very eastern edge of the world, even further east than the Tower inhabited by the Sage, coming forth from the sealed shrine that caused all beings alike to turn away, laid a symbol of upheaval, and of ruination.

Ferociously surging forth like a tidal wave of black, were the Witch’s magic hands, kneaded from her Miasma.

With the Taboo violated, the Witch of Envy would intervene in the world.

That, was the colossal time bomb that Aldebaran had prepared for use against Reinhard――,

Reinhard: [――Hk, I must…]

Aldebaran: [If you’re gonna say you need to take me down first, then I’m also gonna fight back with all I’ve got. I’ll say this now, but if you don’t go, the world’s gonna be destroyed. Not that it’d particularly matter to me.]

Reinhard: [What are you…]

Aldebaran: [Even if the world’s destroyed, I won’t perish. ―― That will keep ignoring me, after all.]

For that reason as well, Aldebaran himself could not have served as the switch for the bomb.

Only a being of keen eye and intellect, with the bravery to break this deadlock, could serve as this switch.

Aldebaran: [Reinhard, I don’t wanna destroy the world. Rather, it’s the opposite.]

Reinhard: [Kuh…]

Aldebaran: [I won’t lay a hand on your old man. ――Go.]

Reinhard: [Al-dono, please do not believe everything is going to go smoothly for you.]

Gritting his teeth in frustration, he had likely utilized the most foul language he was capable of. Nonetheless leaving behind his overly refined chivalry, Reinhard kicked off the sand.

Turning his back to Aldebaran and “Aldebaran”, Reinhard launched a ferocious onslaught―― intercepting the magic hands of the Witch of Envy directly as they raced to swallow up Pleiades Watchtower.

――That instant, Aldebaran experienced the illusion that sound, color, light, heat, and all things that ought to be present were eradicated from the world.

Aldebaran: [――――]

The white strike of the Sword Saint met the black oblivion of the Witch, giving birth to a color that was neither black nor white.

That was something that rivaled the cataclysmic big bang of starlight, of lightning bullets, of flames that scorched eventide to ash, yielded during the fight between the Sword Saint and the Divine Dragon just a moment prior.

And now, this big bang ceased not with just that one collision; it continued, and continued, and continued.

Over and over, again and again, without end, without cease, knowing no end; as if to birth heat, as if to birth light, as if to birth color, as if to birth sound, as if to birth the world anew, as if to cleanly divide the world that was from the world that would be, they collided.

――A battle that could never reach its terminus, between one who would never cease, and one who would never perish.

???: […I got put to sleep. What happened?]

The stratagem had been fulfilled, successful in getting Reinhard to clash with the Witch of Envy.

The legendary conflict between the Sword Saint and the Witch of Envy, despite unfolding in the vicinity of the Tower several kilometers away, was so fearsome that its aftershocks could be felt at their location.

Perhaps due to the sensation of those aftershocks, the fainted “Aldebaran” had woken up.

Spread-eagled atop the sand, “Aldebaran” was exposed to disgrace unbecoming of the strongest Dragon, but narrowing its golden eyes at the shockwaves being propagated from over yonder,

“Aldebaran”: [Seems like things went pretty damn well.]

Aldebaran: [Yeah. A half-asleep incomplete Witch of Envy, and a Sword Saint not in perfect condition due to the Miasma and his injured arms… It was worth traversing a hundred and thirty-thousand severed threads. You good to go?]

“Aldebaran”: [Aside from having a sore throat, and being seriously low on Mana for a Mana- Tank dragonhusk. Flying away from the sand sea shouldn’t be a problem.]

Aldebaran: [Excellent. As for what happened while you were sleeping, it’ll be better to sync you up later. For now――]

Let’s go ; the moment he attempted to stand up, something came flying in from afar with tremendous vigor, aiming at Aldebaran’s legs, which “Aldebaran” promptly swept away with its tail.

Deflected, what rolled upon the sand was merely a small pebble. ――Likely, it was something that Reinhard had fired at Aldebaran as he held back the magic hands of the Witch of Envy.

“Aldebaran”: [They’re coming one after the other! It might keep going until my eyes can’t keep up with ‘em anymore!]

At the persistent onslaught of tiny pebbles, “Aldebaran” spread its wings to protect him, leaving Aldebaran to marvel at Reinhard’s sense of duty.

On top of understanding his role as a savior, he nonetheless devoted his everything into the aspects not encompassed in that role. ――This Sword Saint seemed avaricious, even more so than the personification Aldebaran knew.

Whilst thinking that it was surely due to the influence of someone close to Reinhard――,

Aldebaran: [――I told you, hero . I’ll win regardless. Even if it means losing a hundred-thousand times.]

Leaving behind words that would never reach, Aldebaran ascended to the sky once again in the grasp of “Aldebaran”.

Amidst the sand sea of night, the Sword Saint, holding back the obsession of the Witch of Envy darker than even night, seemed a martyr facing the great tidal wave all by his lonesome.

But then again, were the world to be destroyed, this martyr would be the lone person left standing in the aftermath.

“Aldebaran”: [Right now, wouldn’t it be possible to do a pincer maneuver alongside that, and bring down the Sword Saint?]

Aldebaran: […And what then? If Reinhard were to die, then the lid holding down hell would vanish. We need him to play the part of the lid.]

“Aldebaran”: [I’m just saying.]

Aldebaran: [It’d be troublesome if he happened to die.]

From the outset, he had not had even the slightest intention of letting Reinhard die.

Only, had they not utilized attacks powerful enough to kill, they would not have achieved the feat of injuring him. He had simply recognized that the Sword Saint was that high of a wall.

Aldebaran: [Don’t believe everything will go smoothly, huh.]

The towering wall, the martyr who would be left behind in the world, the words he had spoken upon their parting came to mind.

Was this perhaps the power of some other Divine Protection? Supposing it was, it was possible he had received something like the Divine Protection of Vital Spots or the Divine Protection of Weak Points, and activated it at that juncture.

Verily, through an unlimited number of attempts, Aldebaran had the power to bring about the results he desired.

But despite having such power――,

Aldebaran: [So far in my life, nothing I’ve ever truly wanted to go well has ever gone well. Not a single time.]

Despite making it through a struggle numbering one-hundred thirty-two thousand and forty-four, within the heart of one divorced from blessing and curse alike, that sense of defeat did not vanish.

--- Chapter 16: The Complicit ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The first feeling of “that”, was something akin to having a nightmare whilst fully awake.

???: [Bbh, bhbb, bbbbb…]

A sensation akin to rejecting understanding, stemming not from the head, but from the soul.

A sensation that felt as if “what laid before” had been severed like a taut thread being cut; wholly separated from their current self it was, and yet, while the body accepted it, the soul would not.

The nightmare, it persisted.

Something made its way into the body through the mouth that had opened for the purpose of raising a scream, and due to the contents of their body being gorged upon from within there was an unbearable sense of loss, an impossible sense of finality, an impermissible sense of desecration.

The feeling of one’s own existence being devoured, who, just who could possibly endure that ?

Yellow bile spilled from the corners of their mouth as they convulsed on the cold, hard ground.

That dimly-lit space, a place so incongruous for the start of a life, was testament to the fact that a soul tattered in torment by a never-ending nightmare had already been through this many times before――,

――Why.

Such a question, was birthed in their mind.

Towards outrageousness, towards absurdity, towards unthinkable misfortune, towards reasonless malice, towards unforgivable threats, towards a vicious cycle unending, a query of “For what reason”, was posed.

――Why, why, why, why, why.

For what reason must they be made to go through something like this? Had they committed anything evil to such an extent? Was the size of their sin so great as to warrant receiving this punishment?

If this erring had been irreversible, then before accreting it to this extent and patching together retribution to the point of drowning in it, it would have been preferable had they been left to start atoning. [1]

And yet, “for what reason” must it be so?

――Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why.

To that unceasing question――,

???: [You are invited ―― To the Witch’s tea party.]

A voice pregnant with such rapture, as if a blessing, as if a curse, was spoken.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Petra-chan!]

Petra suddenly lost her balance right before Meili, but the latter hastily supported the former.

Having made up her mind, Petra had turned the pages of the black-bound book―― the Book of the Dead, and after five seconds, she had succeeded in reading it. The atmosphere surrounding her revealed that she had succeeded in its reading.

The Books of the Dead were magical books that allowed one to relive the history of a person who had died.

However, there were conditions to reading, hence it was not possible to read any Book at will―― it was limited to those who had some connection with the person whom the Book was about.

One must not engage in such a distasteful pastime as endlessly peering into the history of total strangers.

Of course, it was debatable whether it was a polite thing to look into the history of someone one was acquainted with. Either way, since Meili had searched for a Book of the Dead she wanted to see herself, she had no right to question the morality of the matter.

What was important was that, judging from Petra’s reaction, she had fulfilled the requirements for reading that Book of the Dead―― a Book whose name had been scratched off that had been found in Natsuki Subaru’s bag.

And then――,

Meili: [Petra-chan, Petra-chan, wake u~p… This isn’t good, she’s not waking u~p.]

She gently tapped Petra’s pale cheek, but the girl, whose eyes were closed, did not seem to be waking up. She had either fainted, was in a trance, or had fallen unconscious.

Stirred by Meili’s concern, the Crimson Scorpion on her head began to busily snap its pincers as if trying to wake Petra up. Of course, it was to no avail.

Anyone who read a Book of the Dead would have someone’s entire life stuffed into their head.

The mental strain must have been considerable. Flam mentioned that Ezzo, who had apparently put in so much effort as to read more than ten Books, on his first reading, had foamed at the mouth, urinated, and passed out.

Fortunately, Petra did not appear to be suffering in a way that would damage her maidenly dignity――,

Petra: [――Hk.]

The unconscious girl’s expression was one of agony or distress, with pained breathing that made it seem as if she were suffering from a high fever.

Meili: [Petra-chan, just whose Memories did you se~e…?]

At the Book of the Dead that had fallen from Petra’s hand , and with her outstretched foot, she kicked the Book on the floor away.

Although the spine was facing away, it would be a problem if Meili were to accidentally see the contents and collapse like Petra. ――Not many people shared the same commonality with Meili and Petra as to be affected by that Book of the Dead.

Meili: [It couldn’t be Elsa’s, could i~t?]

The only dead person in common between Meili and Petra was Elsa Granhiert, her face flashing in Meili’s mind.

Considering the purpose of this journey, it would not have been a surprise if Subaru, after he found Elsa’s Book of the Dead, had hidden it in his bag so that it would not fall into Meili’s hands.

But, however――,

Meili: […Hmm, I guess s~o. Onii-san wouldn’t scratch off the spine to hide it from me~.]

In response to the protest of the Crimson Scorpion, who swung its long tail from side-to-side, Meili quietly nodded.

This was due to Meili’s strong trust in Natsuki Subaru.

He had told her that she did not have to forget about Elsa Granhiert. ――Had he found Elsa’s Book, he would have been worried and hesitant, but would in the end have informed her about the Book.

Even his hesitation would not be for himself, but out of concern for Meili and Elsa.

So, this must have been someone else’s Book of the Dead――,

Meili: [――?]

The Crimson Scorpion on Meili’s head suddenly stiffened, to which she slowly raised her head.

It changed its direction on top of Meili’s head, the Crimson Scorpion’s red compound eyes fixed on an empty space―― no, on the wall of the Tower, sending a shiver down Meili’s spine as she came to realize this fact.

It was a kind of premonition, and not a good one at that. Sensing a slight change in the air, Meili and the Crimson Scorpion felt an unpleasant presence outside the Tower, in the distance, beyond the Sand Dunes.

Meili: [This is~… it can’t be~!]

Immediately after the thought crossed her mind, Meili, still holding Petra in her arms, slipped the Crimson Scorpion into her collar with one hand. Suddenly, it was as if the contents of a pot that had been boiled for too long had overflowed, and something―― no, it was not something so vague which came from behind the wall.

She could feel the fearsome power of the Witch approaching.

That thing from before, which had been able to send Natsuki Subaru and Rem all the way to the Southern Empire, was coming.

Meili: [This… isn’t fun~ny…!]

At that time, the Divine Dragon Volcanica, at the top of the Tower, had fought off the Witch’s power.

However, at this moment, the Divine Dragon had inexplicably left the Tower with Al, and no one could do anything about it. She could not imagine that without the Divine Dragon the outcome would be as cute as being sent somewhere else by the Witch’s power.

In other words――,

Meili: [Is this… the en~d?]

While heaving a sigh at the prospect of a sudden and unexpected demise, Meili muttered so.

With that sigh which seemed to acknowledge her hopeless reality, Meili felt lethargy akin to a burden leaving her shoulders―― still held in her embrace, she realized, was Petra.

Unconsciously, she was trying to protect Petra against the power of the Witch.

Meili: [Onii-san, you idi~ot…]

As to why Meili had spoken those abusive words, even she did not know.

However, as if to block out her own weak voice, Meili covered Petra’s body with her own. This flimsy shield of flesh would offer no kind of protection. She felt regret that she had not eaten more meat――,

――Immediately after that, just before the Witch’s power reached the Tower, something intervened.

Meili: [――――]

As it was, the events beyond the wall were unknown.

However, light and sound cut through the thick walls of the Tower, blowing Meili and Petra on the inside to the back of the room.

Meili: [Ahh!]

With a scream, Meili’s body was pressed against the wall and floor while still holding Petra.

Fortunately, they happened to be close to the wall and lying on the floor. Were that not the case, they might have been knocked against the wall, incurring increased pain and injuries.

Even so, their hair and clothes had been disheveled, and the room was in a terrible state with their luggage scattered around. However, by a miracle, it seemed that Meili and Petra had not suffered any serious injuries.

Meili: [What happ~ened…?]

???: [Petra-sama! Meili-sama! Are you safe?!]

Blinking with bleary eyes, Meili sat up. Petra, limp in her arms, remained motionless with her eyes closed.

Immediately after confirming their safety, Flam rushed into the room in a panic.

Flam, who had carried Garfiel and Ezzo down to the lower floors before Meili and Petra had discovered the Book of the Dead, lowered the corners of her eyes slightly upon sighting them, then quickly becoming serious,

Flam: [That is the young master. He is holding it back.]

Meili: [Hold back? What does that me~an…?]

Flam: [It is…]

Meili: [――It is the Witch of Envy, ri~ght?]

That name was mentioned, and Flam’s face went distinctly pale.

Despite being betrayed by Al and knowing that even the Divine Dragon had turned against them, she had not been this shaken up before. Seeing the evident fear in her eyes at the name, Meili apologized with “I’m sorry~”.

It was a natural reaction. Meili could only remain somewhat calm because this was the second time.

For most people, just the mere sensation of the existence of the Witch of Envy would be enough to make one’s blood run cold and render them unable to move.

Meili: [Emilia-oneesan and the others are quite extra~ordinary…]

Either because she was highly determined or had the courage and nerve to do it.

Either way, expecting everyone to be like that was unreasonable, and Meili stood up, still supporting Petra.

Meili: [Sword Saint-san is fighting outside right now, isn’t h~e?]

Flam: [――. Yes, the young master is holding it back. However, it seems that the young master cannot push through.]

Meili: […If we stay here, we’ll be in the wa~y.]

She did not know the cause of the Witch of Envy’s outburst, but from Meili’s perspective, the two times the former’d had an outburst had both occurred at times she had been in the Tower. Meili certainly did not want to think she was the cause of the Witch of Envy’s anger, so perhaps it was for the best to think that the Witch did not like her continued presence in the Tower for long.

Just as she had thought that, she was lightly poked on the nape of her neck by the Crimson Scorpion’s pincers coming out of her clothes.

Meili: [I’m sorry, you were with me both times, to~o.]

Flam: [Meili-sama! We should hurry and leave the Tower. I will take Petra-sama…]

Meili: [――. No, it’s fi~ne. I’ll carry Petra-chan, so please prepare Patrasche-chan and the others, Flam-chan.]

Refusing Flam’s offer, Meili shook her head slowly as she tentatively stood up, carrying Petra on her back.

Looking unsure about what to do for a moment, Flam then quickly nodded, and left.

Flam: [Go down the spiral staircase! I will prepare the dragon carriage.]

Meili: [Yes, than~ks.]

Losing sight of Flam’s back, Meili started to chase after her.

Just before she left, she was drawn back by the sight of the scattered luggage in the room―― in particular, the presence of the Book of the Dead, which had caused Petra to lose consciousness, but,

Meili: [No time to think about that n~ow.]

Once again, encouraged by the snapping sound of the Crimson Scorpion returning to the top of her head, Meili firmly held Petra and swiftly exited the room running.

If she really needed to know the contents of the Book of the Dead, she could always ask Petra later. ――After Petra had safely accepted the life of that “someone” into her own.

Thinking this, Meili started to run as hard as she could. Petra, now being carried by Meili, let a single tear fall from the corner of her closed eyes, framed by her long eyelashes.

And then――,

???: [Sorry… I am so sorry, Subaru…]

A weak, tearful apology spilled out, as if it was tearing apart the girl’s heart.

The heart-wrenching plea for forgiveness from the girl’s nightmare was drowned out by the aftereffects of the impossible clash between the Sword Saint and the Witch of Envy, and fell on deaf ears.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Milk, cold.]

Plunking himself down at a seat by the counter, Aldebaran gave his order to the owner of the establishment.

In Mirula, the town closest to the Augria Sand Dunes, this was the one and only tavern. This bar held an ambiance reminiscent of the run-down taverns of a typical Western, and no other customers could be found within.

However, to thus conclude that the place was unpopular would have been quite parochial.

After all, Aldebaran’s visit to this tavern was in the interval between late-night and early-morning―― a time when those who were night owls and those who were early birds were both at the zenith of drowsiness, thus, it was no surprise that such a time would be outside the working hours of a countryside tavern.

Nevertheless, the owner had opened the doors of his business for Aldebaran, who had sought his services at such a time. How considerate and understanding of the owner, truly an exemplary proprietor in the service industry.

Aldebaran: [Hence why I respect your work ethic. I wouldn’t even think of doing something so terrible as bringing harm to someone like you. I’ll pay you properly as well.]

Propping his elbow on the counter in a display of poor etiquette, Aldebaran shrugged at the bearded barkeep.

The establishment seemed to be used as a residence as well, for the owner had been woken in the dead of night, still wearing his nightclothes, but Aldebaran would not criticise him for opening shop in that attire. Rather, his complaint had to do with how the owner had been quite hesitant to get started on fulfilling his order for milk.

However, even that――,

???: [Oioi, honestly, it’ll sound like a threat regardless of what you say, me.]

Aldebaran: [Well, no matter how you look at it, I guess that’d be so, huh.]

???: [After all, wouldn’t a one-armed man with a helmet over his face suddenly barging in during the dead of night be reason enough to hesitate in receiving him into one’s living room?]

Aldebaran: [And if I had to say what the biggest reason for that was…]

Speaking from outside the wall was the Divine Dragon―― the being most revered in the Kingdom of Lugunica, and rather than being easy to get along with, it had an air to it that was rather like a gangster, so there was no way around it.

Of course, there was no way that “Aldebaran” could fit inside the tavern, so the Dragon was made to wait in the street outside, somewhat cramped. Though, it was doubtful that would do anything to bring peace of mind to the shopkeeper.

Thus, a late night visit by a suspicious man and the Divine Dragon―― that would be the rough description of the unfortunate incident that the owner of this tavern had come to experience.

Shopkeeper: […Your milk.]

The owner, who had taken his own sweet time to settle down, had finally brought out the milk in a wooden tankard. Having received it with a “ Thank you ”, Al gestured towards the outside of the tavern with a nod.

Aldebaran: [While you’re at it, be it water or milk or something, could you serve it in a barrel to my pal outside? Anything but alcohol. Never know what might happen.]

“Aldebaran”: [What, I think alcohol wouldn’t really be any issue. There’s no way a legendary dragon would be a lightweight.]

Aldebaran: [There’s that Dragon of myth who got exterminated with liquor, yeah? For the time being, it’d still be troublesome if you were eliminated… Even if you’re not gonna be of much use as a partner for a while.] [2]

“Aldebaran”: [Tsk, owner , please.]

With a click of the tongue as loud as a gunshot, “Aldebaran”, who had been peering into the premises through the window, withdrew its head. Having watched the scene play before him and momentarily hesitating, the owner seemed to have made up his mind as he shouldered a barrel and proceeded outside the tavern.

Thereupon realizing that one of his legs was a prosthetic, Aldebaran regretted having made such a troublesome request. Aldebaran felt that it would have been better had he carried the barrel himself.

He felt so, but――,

Aldebaran: […Seriously, I’m tired, much more than I usually am.]

Physically, all his joints were aching, but compared to the mental exhaustion he felt, it was nothing.

When it came to the fatigued state of his mind, he was exhausted to an extent akin to having fought a formidable foe one-hundred thirty-two thousand forty-four times. ――No, that was putting it mildly. To be precise, it was to the extent of having been defeated one hundred thirty-two thousand forty-three times in a row, and having finally put an end to it on the one hundred thirty-two thousand forty-fourth try.

For the most part, following the plan he had devised beforehand, it could be said that they had been successful in ensnaring the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea. Be that as it may, Aldebaran felt no sense of accomplishment whatsoever.

What he did feel, was an intense sense of defeat and an overwhelming sense of powerlessness, slightly tinged with――,

Aldebaran: [Relief, that we made it through… Huh.]

Despite the fact that both of the two individuals who served the greatest obstacles to Aldebaran’s objective had been magnificently immobilized by him, the fact that all he felt was a feeling of relief went to show how insignificant he was.

Of course, the notion that he had magnificently cornered them appeared as naught but an irony. ――At the very least, Aldebaran had already wounded everyone at the Tower to shreds, including Reinhard. And that count would still rapidly and exponentially increase after this.

That utmost critical situation, was still underway――,

Aldebaran: [――The Sword Saint against the Witch of Envy, in the battle of the century.]

Raising the jaw of his helmet to drink the milk from his tankard, Aldebaran muttered so.

In the corner of his vision, outside the window where the Dragon had withdrawn its head―― he could hear and see glimpses of it, the aftershocks of the fierce, apocalyptic battle that was unfolding in the Sand Sea beyond.

Flashes of white seemed to cleave through the night above the sea of sand again and again, and as sandstorms visible from afar were being kicked up, the battle roared out with one thunderous clap after another.

No matter how unfamiliar one was with battle, no matter how dull their perception, people would instinctively know that this scene was the same as what would unfold on the day of the world’s end.

That was why, despite the hour of this morning gray, a time neither night nor day, the residents of Mirula had gotten out of bed, went outside, and stared across the sand sea in a daze.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Even as the sun rose to mark the beginning of a new day, that battle would not come to a cease.

As long as they did not decide to give up somewhere along the way, the people would end up spectating that battle for eternity. However, he felt like without some kind of impetus, the residents would just remain standing here.

It was not as if they lacked a sense of crisis, or felt that it was unrelated to them.

It was only that, when awash in light of a caliber that far exceeded their capacity, people were invariably dazzled.

And thus, once dazzled, they would be unable to walk away in fear of danger. Consequently, in many cases, the dazzled followed the voice and traces of the light that dazzled them.

Blindly, as if moths to a flame, they would be drawn towards that blindingly dazzling light.

That was why, the reason to blame for the people standing motionlessly was――,

???: [――Wowee~! Seeing it up close, it rea~lly is a Dragon~! To be honest, I couldn’t really tell for sure until I got up this close.]

The fierce atmosphere reminiscent of the midst of war was abruptly torn asunder by the shrill voice of a young woman.

Cheerfully out-of-place, the voice brimming with youthful enthusiasm could be heard from outside the tavern as Aldebaran was getting drunk on milk.

Hearing it, Aldebaran slid off his stool, and turned to face the entrance.

The following moment――,

???: [――You in there, Aldebaran!? Get out here now!]

Marching in as if tearing down the tavern’s entrance, a red-haired man spotted Aldebaran, and strode up right before him with a violent and rough gait.

The man unsheathed his sword with vigor, and thrust its point before Aldebaran.

At that excessively threatening attitude, Aldebaran raised his single hand with an “Oioi”,

Aldebaran: [Even though you told me to come out, if you’re gonna force your way in and pressure me like this, that won’t be possible.]

Man: [Don’t get all nitpicky with my words now. More importantly, the thing that’s outside, that ! That’s gotta be, it’s gotta be…!]

Aldebaran: [The thing that’s outside?]

Man: [Don’t you play dumb with me!]

As soon as he tilted his head, he was grabbed by the collar before the matter could be settled, forced up, and pushed out from the entrance of the tavern.

A sharp sensation was pressing into his back, and even when he tried to say “I’d go along even if you didn’t do all that”, the other person was unwilling to lend an ear.

There was no helping it. ――After all, from his perspective, the object of his heart’s desire was right before him.

???: [Oh, Al-sama, there you are… Why does it seem as if you’ve become a hostage?]

Aldebaran: [Hey there, I guess a little excess blood’s gone to his head. You shouldn’t provoke him either. You’d be putting me in danger.]

???: [There you go again~, saying things like that. Even though you won’t die no matter what anybody does, Al-sama~.]

Waving her hand at Aldebaran, who had a sword fastened against his back, was a young woman wearing a maid outfit adopted from a Japanese style with a red base.

Emanating a whimsical aura akin to that of a cat, the young woman spoke thus in a relaxed demeanor. Albeit knowing that it was not such a lighthearted thing as it seemed, he made no objection.

Saying anything would be futile, and that must never be made known to her.

Anyhow――,

“Aldebaran”: [Doesn’t it look like the carnage’s about to continue, me?]

Aldebaran: [Don’t say that as if it doesn’t concern you, me.]

And, as the Divine Dragon gazed down at him with its head high above, donning an amused smile, Aldebaran took a deep breath and retorted.

Then, as he spun his body around――,

Aldebaran: [Good grief, this is quite the promising party .]

――Hijacker of the Divine Dragon’s dragonhusk, “Aldebaran”.

――Acknowledged as such by himself and others, the Parasite of the Kingdom, Heinkel Astrea.

――The female shinobi who had once aimed for the life of the Sun Princess, the Crimson Sakura, Yae Tenzen.

――Together, they made up the entirety of Aldebaran’s henchmen, as he moved to take on the world.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Sixteen.

In the attack on the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, the existence of his father was a true vital spot, and had served as a trump card.

Regardless of whether Aldebaran had wished to use that trump card or not, ignoring his own emotions, he would never have allowed himself to be careless enough to not prepare it in advance. Hence, he succeeded in persuading him.

Heinkel had sunk to the rock bottom of despair for a differing reason from that of Aldebaran’s, but so long as he did not mess up the manner in which he formulated his words, Heinkel would gather his wits enough to at least hear him out.

While belonging to the same Camp, the relationship between Aldebaran and Heinkel could by no means be called a friendly one, but it was easy to tell that the latter’s desire remained consistent.

An earnest love, perhaps it ought to be phrased as such. ――For the man who made the very core of his being that which Aldebaran admired and simultaneously abhorred, a promise of compensation after cooperation had been particularly effective.

But then again――,

Heinkel: [――You promised me Dragon’s Blood! And right now, there’s a Dragon sitting right in front of us! And yet, you’re still telling me to wait!?]

Eyes bloodshot and spittle flying, Aldebaran had imagined that Heinkel might shout at him like this.

Even now Heinkel was threateningly applying pressure, ready to brandish his sword at any moment; the tip of the blade was directed towards “Aldebaran”, lying down like a pet dog on the town’s road.

Strictly speaking, the tip was being pointed right at the Dragon’s chest―― aimed directly at the heart pulsating inside the dragonhusk, in which the Dragon’s Blood was stored.

――Dragon’s Blood was capable of bringing about a bountiful harvest to the land, and could cure all manner of afflictions on the spot.

That was a legend passed down since times of yore in the Kingdom of Lugunica, said to be one of the three treasures that the Divine Dragon had bestowed upon the Kingdom at the juncture when the Three Great Heroes drove away the Witch of Envy.

It was the last drops of heart’s blood spilled upon the final pulse of a mighty Dragon’s heart, and now that the vast majority of Dragons had fled the surface, the means by which to procure the substance had been limited to taking up arms in a frontal assault.

The potential to obtain that Dragon’s Blood was now directly in front of him. ――That reality set the soul of Heinkel Astrea ablaze, a man who had been chasing a miracle for over a decade.

Heinkel: [Finally, Louanna will finally…!]

Aldebaran: […Is that, the name of your wife?]

Heinkel: [That’s right. My, wife’s… she’s been asleep for so, so long, but with the Dragon’s Blood, it should be possible for Louanna to wake up. That’s why I went along with your shit!]

Aldebaran: [Yeah, I’m aware of how you’ve contributed, and I’ll acknowledge it. Tell you the truth, it was thanks to your insurance that I was able to subdue your son.]

Heinkel: [If that’s the case…!!]

Rather than a back and forth argument, perhaps a more accurate description would be to say that since Heinkel’s feelings were so restless, no proper discussion could take place.

As he secretly updated his matrix, Aldebaran was about to decide on his next words to see if he could say something to calm Heinkel down――,

Yae: [Umm~, sorry for interrupting your chat, but there’s something I’d like to ask about~.]

Heinkel: [What is it, maid!? Right now, I’m having an important discussion with this guy…]

Yae: [Over there, towards the Sand Dunes where there’s sparking lights and crackling sounds, is that not maybe your son, Heinkel-sama?]

Heinkel: [――Ah?]

With hair a color somewhere between pink and vermillion swaying in a single bob, the young woman―― Yae pointed over yonder to the sand sea, where the battle raged on, unable to be tipped toward either side.

It seemed that Heinkel had been solely focused on the Divine Dragon of his dreams, and now, blinking his blue eyes upon witnessing that fierce bout,

Heinkel: […Oi, what’s going on with that? The ones fighting over there’d be――]

Aldebaran: [As you can imagine, the Sword Saint and the Witch of Envy.]

Heinkel: [――Hk! W-why… how the hell did it even come to that!?]

Eyes wide in astonishment, Heinkel scowled in the direction of the sand sea, where his son clashed with the Witch. Then, his shoulders seemed to tremble in fear, and,

Heinkel: [This isn’t what I signed up for! You were supposed to use me to stop him. Those were the conditions… Stop them, stop them right now! The Witch of Envy, you say? What kinda fucking bullshit is…!]

Aldebaran: [Sorry, but I can’t grant that request. Your compensation is the Dragon’s Blood, old man. To stop them here goes against the initial conditions. I won’t grant you a second thing.]

Heinkel: [Gh, kuh…! In that case…!]

Aldebaran: [In that case?]

Heinkel: [――Uh.]

However enraged he was, his words continued not beyond that point, and Heinkel’s eyes dashed about to a dizzying extent.

Aldebaran could not view the weakness of Heinkel’s will as anything but pitiful. ――Aldebaran felt sorry for Heinkel.

Stuck with a family beyond his own stature, he too was a clay doll that fate fancied toying with.

Oblivious to Aldebaran’s heart of hearts, Heinkel raised and lowered the tip of his sword many times over,

Yae: [Heinkel-sama, y’know, I really don’t wanna get entangled in y’all’s personal affairs, so could you maybe stop moping around and throwing a hissy fit like that?]

Unable to just stand there and watch, Yae ended up showering him with a terribly chilly voice.

Those words caused Aldebaran to place a hand on his forehead, and Heinkel to widen his eyes and glare at her. Meeting his gaze head-on, Yae smiled as she inclined her head.

And, unlike the smile on her mouth, her unsmiling eyes fixed their gaze upon Heinkel,

Yae: [Once you’ve decided to do something, it’s too late to then complain and waver about it after the fact. If the things you desire are in two places, isn’t it obvious that you can’t reach out a hand when you’re already reaching one out the other way? You aren’t a kid.]

Heinkel: [――Hk, but he’ll always just be a brat no matter what age he is!]

Yae: [Good grief, there’s really no getting through to you~. ――Al-sama?]

Heinkel had lost all composure, and, fed up with him, Yae turned to Aldebaran. Understanding the meaning behind that narrowed gaze, Aldebaran shook his head sideways.

Yae did not know how to show restraint. Murder was the only method this woman was ever taught.

Hence――,

Aldebaran: […Counting on you, me.]

“Aldebaran”: [Sure thing.]

The following moment, “Aldebaran” swung its forearm downwards, slamming into Heinkel as he glared at Yae, and knocking him to the ground.

With a “Wow~”, Yae’s eyes widened as she basked in the tremendous updraft, and before her eyes a picture was painted of Heinkel, buried face down in the ground.

Aldebaran: [Sorry old man, but I can’t give you Dragon’s Blood yet. For the time being, it’d be troublesome if the Divine Dragon’s heart were to stop beating.]

Yae: [This might kill the mood a bit, but might Heinkel-sama be dead? Just now, that was a blow that would’ve even put me on the verge of death, y’know?]

“Aldebaran”: [He won’t die. Restraint… though I may not have shown any, he won’t die. For a long time now I’ve thought that the old man here was unduly sturdy but, I see now.]

Yae: […I haven’t properly confirmed it or anything, but this Divine Dragon-sama who speaks an awful lot like Al-sama here, how exactly did you manage to pull that off?]

Aldebaran: [I’ll tell you later. Time is of the essence.]

Giving such a response to Yae as she sought explanation, Aldebaran squatted down beside where Heinkel had been buried, and was about to return the latter’s sword to its sheath. ――It happened then.

Aldebaran: [Oh?]

When his outstretched arm was seized by the wrist, Aldebaran’s breath caught. And the perpetrator of that act, having taken an unrestrained hit from the Dragon, was Heinkel.

Heinkel’s eyes were currently unable to focus, but he was glaring at Aldebaran with a bloodcurdling expression. Guessing the meaning behind that gaze, Aldebaran sighed, and,

Aldebaran: [I’ll keep my promise on the Dragon’s Blood. I also won’t let Reinhard be swallowed up by the Witch of Envy. ――On that, well, you’re just gonna have to trust me.]

Heinkel: [――――]

It was unlikely that he had sincerely believed Aldebaran’s response. But, Heinkel languidly hung his head upon hearing that, and bearing witness to that gesture, Aldebaran wrenched his seized wrist loose.

Then, seeing Yae raise her heel aloft, about to deliver a kick to Heinkel,

Aldebaran: [Look, I’m tired, and I only got one hand, can I rely on you to carry the old man?]

Yae: [Do I have any say in that? If so, I’d like to decline.]

Aldebaran: [You don’t. That’s an order. You carry him.]

Yae: [Tsk~, Al-sama you brute~, fine, understood~.]

Sticking out her tongue with a “Behhh”, Yae bent over and unearthed the buried Heinkel. Next to her as she did so, Aldebaran looked up at “Aldebaran”,

Aldebaran: [Did you say something about the old man?]

“Aldebaran”: [Ah? Ahh, nothing important really. Just how he’s lively and sturdy.]

Aldebaran: […And when you add that on top of the old man’s position and personality, his life must’ve been filled with pain, poor bastard.]

He was sorry that things had come to this, but he did wish for Heinkel to live in as strong a manner as possible.

Although his circumstances were considerably harsh, it was not as though Heinkel’s misfortune was the greatest throughout the world. Though, Aldebaran did not think that he would lend an ear to such a canned consolation.

Aldebaran: [Besides, the relationship in which that sort of consolation could get through to him ended just now.]

He neither bore the qualifications to find that regrettable, nor the right to wish to make amends.

Because he had that self awareness, Aldebaran refrained from expressing any further feelings. Instead, calling out “Yae” to the girl hard at work,

Aldebaran: [Money.]

Yae: [Isn’t that the worst possible thing to hear all of a sudden? Here~ you go.]

Yae fumbled around in her clothing and threw over a leather pouch, which Aldebaran then caught. From within, he pulled out a gold coin, and flicking it with his thumb――,

Aldebaran: [A little extra to make up for the trouble. Keep it.]

With those words, he passed it over to the owner of the tavern, who had been watching over their exchange in silence.

Beside “Aldebaran” was an empty barrel of water, and the shopkeeper had thoroughly served their orders. They had likely caused him a fair bit of anxiety, but Aldebaran had been able to converge with his henchmen, and take a short rest.

Yae: [Though it was with my money.]

Aldebaran: [Shut up, you. I know you just arrived, but can you get back on the move right away?]

Yae: [The shinobi training regiment is crazy, y’know. They make us run nonstop from the Imperial Capital back to the village with no sleep or rest over half a month, with just a single bamboo cylinder of water.]

Aldebaran: [Your crazy shinobi episodes never miss the mark, huh.]

She probably wanted to communicate that because she had gone through such a hellish experience in the past, this amount of travel would not tire her out; however, what Aldebaran got out of her words was the sheer insanity of the shinobi , and the corroboration of that fact by the disheartening memories of suffering through the severity of the most terrible shinobi in the Empire.

In any case――,

Shopkeeper: [W-wait…! I mean, please wait.]

Just when Aldebaran and co. were about to depart, the voice of the shopkeeper halted them.

In addition to being this ragtag of a group, the Dragon had also displayed a violent attack a moment prior. To call out to them would have required substantial courage, but gulping down his saliva as he turned to face Aldebaran’s party, the shopkeeper spoke,

Shopkeeper: [That… Um, the calamity unfolding at Pleiades Watchtower, could you please stop it? You’re the Divine Dragon Volcanica-sama, aren’t you!?]

Aldebaran: [Ahh…]

Hearing the shopkeeper’s plea, Aldebaran fiddled with the metal fixtures of his helmet, and sighed.

Now that he looked around, he saw that the residents of Mirula had surrounded Aldebaran’s group at a distance, casting an imploring gaze towards them―― no, towards “Aldebaran”.

Within their eyes dwelled fear and apprehension, but at the same time, reverence and hope.

Bearing witness to the legendary and renowned Divine Dragon Volcanica from nearby, the possibility of it putting an end to the cataclysmic battle unfolding afar filled their minds.

However――,

“Aldebaran”: [Sorry, but right now, it isn’t my job to stop that.]

Shopkeeper: [――Hk.]

“Aldebaran”: [The Sword Saint will likely stop it at any expense, but that doesn’t mean the aftershocks won’t reach here. It’d do you best to leave town for a few days.]

Shopkeeper: [A few days… that would be, how long exactly…?]

After putting his trust in the Divine Dragon, and receiving a reply that betrayed his expectations, the shopkeeper did not yet give up, and seeking an excuse to quell that which was discomposing their hearts, he asked another question.

Even if they left town, how long would that be for?

That would be――,

Aldebaran: [――Seven days.]

Shopkeeper: [――――]

Aldebaran: [In seven days, it will be settled. ――In seven days, the cause of the world’s end will be removed.]

Proclaiming so, Aldebaran turned his back to the shopkeeper, to the people of Mirula, and began to walk.

Behind him, Yae followed whilst carrying the unconscious Heinkel on her back, and finally, giving rise to a weighty sound as it lifted its body, “Aldebaran” too began to walk.

Having made an enemy of the world, Aldebaran and his henchmen advanced.

By no means, would their legs ever come to a halt.

Aldebaran: [I’ll continue. ――So that I may be myself.]

Translation notes:

[1] – This line references the verbs of all the IF routes from the Web Novel thus far barring Rem IF, plus the Lost in Memories gacha game exclusive Aganau IF. In order, we have Ayamatsu IF (Pride), translated as “erring”, Kasaneru IF (Greed), translated as “accreting”, Tsugihagu IF (Gluttony), translated as “patching together”, Oboreru IF (Wrath), translated as “drowning”, and Aganau IF (sin unattributed), translated as “atoning”. Lastly, the verb in the title of the series is then referenced, “starting”.

[2] – The dragon of myth that Aldebaran is referencing is likely Yamata no Orochi. Read more .

--- Chapter 17: Please, Don’t Forgive Me ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――A white table and a parasol were placed atop a small hill of lush, verdant grass.

A clear blue sky, black hair swaying in a gentle breeze. Without knowing how, they found themself sitting in a chair, and across the white table, a young woman of black and white, was enjoying a cup of tea.

Warm vapor rose from a teacup, yet no fragrance could be sensed. ――Just as if it had perfectly mimicked just the exterior of the element known as tea, in the manner of papier-mâché.

Such was the dishonest impression evoked by this individual.

???: [What… happened to me?]

A query.

One that sought an answer regarding the chaos induced up until a moment prior.

???: [Is that not something you should know yourself?]

A response.

One that could not be declared an answer regarding the chaos induced up until a moment prior.

With vexation towards the feeling that their question had been sidestepped, they endeavored with all their heart to come to rationality, to suppress the urge to vent the dissatisfaction in regards to the events that had just transpired to the young woman before their eyes.

And likewise contained within, was a pinch of “their” perspective as an onlooker.

???: [Echidna! Let me out of here now!]

Impatience and impulse were deliberately mistaken for courage, used as a provocation to propel the conversation forward.

Atop the hill of green, standing opposite a young woman proclaiming herself a Witch, once again were they assailed by an enigmatic sensation. ――Indeed, once again, they were.

Again, and again and again and again, that had been the case.

Always, without fail, no matter the situation, each and every event had been a sequence of the inexplicable and the absurd. Faced with all that, they clenched their teeth, earnestly they raised their visage, and continued to struggle onward.

――They had continued to struggle on, giving of themself.

???: [Why not try it and see?]

――Please, stop.

――Please, I’m begging you, stop. Don’t let them say what comes next. Don’t let them say it.

???: [Taking action to procure the results one desires, is deserving of my respect. I am not going to veer from that opinion. In fact, I believe it is precisely such actions that make life worth living.]

――Please, stop. Please, stop. I’m begging you, please, stop.

――Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop.

――Stop.

???: [Echidna. I can Return by―― Death.]

――Ahh, ahh, ahh, please.

――Please, don’t suffer.

――Please, don’t cry.

――Please, don’t get hurt.

――Please, don’t be afraid.

――Please, don’t laugh.

――Please, don’t forgive.

???: [For your inquiry of “why”, you are qualified, and the doors of this tea party are open to you. And, by drinking the tea offered by a Witch, you are accepted as an honored guest. As the host of this tea party, I am obliged to welcome you. ――Now, you may ask away.]

――Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, I’m begging you.

――I’m begging you, please, stop.

???: [After all, to agonize the mind in search of an answer is the greatest of bliss to me.]

――I’m begging you, so please, you must not help this person.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The troublesome thing about mental exhaustion was that unlike physical fatigue, it was not visible to the eye.

Of course, there were clear indicators such as an inability to think straight, unavoidably heightened irritability, and circles darker than a bottomless swamp appearing underneath the eyes.

However, those indicators were physical changes, so ultimately, there was not that great of a difference from physical fatigue; at least that was what Aldebaran had concluded.

Mental exhaustion, in its truest sense, could not be soothed by touch, nor could it be healed by magic; that was the sort of thing it was.

And, what was required in order to recover that worn-out mind was neither words nor relationships. ――To put it bluntly, what was needed was time.

Only time would grant kindness enough to iron out a mind whittled down to a rugged state.

That was why――,

Aldebaran: [――Re-expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

In a whisper, after finally settling down, Aldebaran updated his matrix.

It was his first time updating the matrix in roughly six hours―― the ability to prolong his own bodily experience of time as much as he desired, without the consequence of real time progressing, was the greatest merit of Aldebaran’s Authority.

Within the bounds of his established territory, he could swallow poison to repeat a fixed period of time as often as he wanted, generating the time needed to smoothen out his mind. For his battle against Reinhard, too, he had taken full advantage of this merit to fine-tune the plans he had prepared in advance in order to draw him into them.

Aldebaran: [Though, he did circumvent practically all of them…]

Ultimately, it had ended with him playing a card he had not wished to play, so Aldebaran found it difficult to say he had been victorious; at best it had been a draw due to injury. To put it bluntly, it had been a loss for both parties.

Anyhow, both his inability to think straight and his heightened irritability had gotten a little better.

Unfortunately, he did not know what had become of the bags under his eyes, but since he had not possessed the time to cover them with makeup, he would make do donning the black gnarled helmet that perfectly matched his worn-out body and mind.

Though his body and mind could have been described as worn-out, his body was actually in excellent condition.

As the strongest, supreme life-form, the Dragon’s inexhaustible supply of―― would be an overstatement, but the vast supply of Mana could be used to his heart’s content. Welling up with healing from Water Magic and buffs from Yang Magic, this was the strongest Aldebaran had been since he had been born into this world, and none could object to that claim.

Aldebaran: [Be that as it may, it’s something like an ant getting its power multiplied by a hundred; no matter how many buffs it stacks up, it can never beat a human.]

Not to mention, when comparing his opponents to that standard, they were not humans, but rather elephants or lions.

Alas, since the specs of his receptacle were inferior from the start, even if Aldebaran was now the strongest Aldebaran in history, he would still only serve as fodder in a direct confrontation.

Setting aside that miserable self-evaluation――,

Aldebaran: [――Seven days.]

A single knee raised, leaning against a wall of dirtied wooden planks, Aldebaran counted his time limit.

This location, which they had selected to take a rest in, was a small hunting shed that Yae had found in the woods. Fortunately, the owner seemed to be absent given the time of year, so they had entered and were using it of their own accord.

It could not be expected to have amenities such as a fluffy bed or open air bath, but in the regard that it would not attract attention, it was just as favorable as a suite to Aldebaran at the current moment.

Whenever possible from here on out, they would need to avoid the battles they could avoid and proceed through events smoothly.

The little show they had put on at Mirula, the town closest to the Augria Sand Dunes, had been an exception.

It had been the meetup point for him and his allies, and he also truly just could not help but want to drink milk. Furthermore, it had been necessary to inform the townsfolk about how transcendent the events transpiring were, and that there would be nobody present to save them from it.

After all, just ten-odd kilometers away, a battle between the strongest beings in the world was playing out.

Aldebaran’s stratagem had brought forth the Witch of Envy, and Reinhard would likely put his life on the line in order to stop her. However, there was no reason to believe that its aftershocks would not reach beyond the sand sea. It was not likely for the constant flashing in the sky to settle down, so seeking refuge was essential.

And, Aldebaran’s decided time frame of seven days was not unrelated to that battle. ――Rather, it was actually quite closely connected.

As far as Aldebaran knew, the Sword Saint and the Witch of Envy were evenly matched. That battle would continue repeating the same moves for a thousand days, and no terminus would be reached in that back and forth combat.

But, that was only when the matter was constrained to being between the Sword Saint and the Witch of Envy.

Now that a battle between the two had been realized through Aldebaran’s scheming, it would not actually continue on for a thousand days.

That was because――,

Aldebaran: [The world will come crumbling down before their battle can reach a conclusion. If it ever comes to that, it’s over.]

Ere the world’s ruination could transpire, it would be necessary to put an end to that battle.

In that sense, though he had been the one to make the matchup, that ultimate battle had also become a cause bringing about the world’s end, and thus one of the things Aldebaran had proclaimed he would remove.

Aldebaran: [So many things… there are so many things I gotta do…]

Placing a hand on the forehead of his helmet, Aldebaran took a long, deep breath.

He had quelled his mental exhaustion thanks to his Authority, forcibly recovered his physical fatigue through Water and Yang Magic, and yet it still seemed like he would go over capacity from the sheer size of the things on his mind and the things he was burdened with.

Of course, from the moment he started this onward, his complaints were not something he could let anybody hear, but――,

???: [――Do~n’t you be so pointlessly stubborn now, why not just lean ri~ght up on someone else and relax for once, since you have one arm and all?]

Aldebaran: […Yae, is that you?]

Yae: [Yes yes yes, Al-sama’s helpful all-purpose shinobi maid, Yae, reporting for duty~!]

With nary a sign or footstep, as if having literally appeared by suddenly springing out from a shadow, the young woman―― Yae, cracked a joke with a smile.

As the girl walked towards him with her hands joined behind her back, Aldebaran shrugged,

Aldebaran: [Regardless of the helpful and all-purpose parts, being a shinobi maid is stacking too many character types.]

Yae: [That so? Even though I already had to sadly cut the beautiful, sweet, and lovely parts~. Okay okay, in that case what evaluation would you give of me, Al-sama?]

Aldebaran: […Submissive cat-like shinobi maid?]

Yae: [U~wahhh, that way of thinking doesn’t seem like it’d be popular with the ladies. But then again, you do have a shinobi maid.]

Receiving a rather genuine look of scorn, Aldebaran clicked his tongue with a “Shut up, you”.

He was in the middle of confronting a challenge that required him to earnestly rack his brain. He did not wish to waste his time on the blathering of an ally whom he had no need to curry favor with.

Aldebaran: [First and foremost, I told you to keep an eye on the old man, didn’t I? Also, to check the paths that lead out of these woods, maintain vigilance over the vicinity of this hut, and prepare our food.]

Yae: [Don’t you think it’s like that super black ~ thing you say? That’s how you say exploitation in Al-sama’s language, right? Right now, this whole thing’s super black ~.] [1]

Aldebaran: [You’re a helpful all-purpose shinobi maid, yeah? Put in the work so as to not tarnish that name.]

Yae: [Se~riously, Al-sama you’re like an Oni and a beast combined into a brute~.] [2]

Sticking out her tongue with a “Behhhh”, Yae talked back without trying to hide her discontent. When he stared her down, Yae raised a single finger with a “Fine, I understand”.

Yae: [The preparations for food are done. Though they’re shinobi provisions. Vigilance of the shed’s vicinity has been completed. Even in these woods it seems that there are Witchbeasts~. Speaking of, I’ve discovered a path through the woods with sound footing. It’d do you good to train your legs and loins a bit more. And, about Heinkel-sama…]

Aldebaran: [What about him?]

Yae: [Even if we’re keeping him alive he’s just a carry-on, so maybe we could use him as bait to avoid the Witchbeasts… Geez~, please don’t make that face, I was just joking.]

Aldebaran: [You shouldn’t be able to see my face.]

Yae: [I can see the signs you give off. You’re pretty loud, Al-sama.]

Saying something that seemed both understandable and unintelligible, Yae abruptly turned her face away. But, without averting his own gaze, Al continued to glare at her side-profile.

Before long, she seemed to give in, and taking a deep breath,

Yae: [Heinkel-sama’s all tied up. I’ll be alerted if he happens to wake up, and if he tries too hard to run away, his limbs are gonna be in pieces.]

Aldebaran: [In pieces, eh. Could you really manage that on that old man?]

Yae: [Even if he’s sturdy, he’s not a steelfolk or anything, some parts of him are more frail. My technique’s aim is to penetrate those parts. To begin with, even though you’re asking if I can do it, you’d get angry if I actually did do it, right?]

Aldebaran: [Guess so.]

Yae: [Then, I guess I won’t do it~. There’s no merit in me angering you, Al-sama, isn’t that right?]

Raising both her hands in a gesture of non-defiance, Yae showed that she meant no harm, to which Aldebaran relaxed his shoulders.

Her manner of speech was frivolous, and she also liked to jest, but there was no falsehood in Yae’s words. That which Aldebaran had done to Yae was nothing so easy that she would still be plotting something here.

To the utmost extent of what had been possible, thoroughly and mercilessly, he had shattered her defiant spirit―― no, he had shattered her heart.

The reason why Yae Tenzen was assisting Aldebaran right now was the result of having done so.

――Yae Tenzen was an assassin who had been sent to take the life of Priscilla Barielle.

Through the announcement of her entry into the Royal Selection, the existence of Priscilla Barielle also became known in the Vollachian Empire, so it was only a matter of time before people began to realize that she was Prisca Benedict, who had survived in a foreign nation after escaping the conclusion of the Imperial Selection Ceremony, which concerned the succession of the Imperial Throne in the Empire.

Yae was intended to dash water over the live coals known as Priscilla as she produced smoke in the Kingdom; an assassin sent by a Divine General of the Empire, Chisha Gold.

In fact, the infiltration of the female shinobi had been performed magnificently, and put to use as Priscilla’s chamberlain, she flourished as a hardworking maid in the Barielle Domain; Priscilla had taken a liking to her, and even Schult greatly adored her. Aldebaran, too, had thought of her as a coworker who was easy to get along with.

However, without forgetting her initial objective, Yae had aimed for Priscilla’s life.

Hence――,

Yae: [Al-sama was super scary on that day~. Under the pretext of the village’s training, my body’s experienced nearly all the terrible things possible to experience in this world… But, that was the first time in my life I ever felt so afraid.]

Aldebaran: […That’s a story that makes my chest sting.]

Yae: [You should at least feel my heartache. If you felt the way I have ever since that day, when I was made the loyal servant of such a scary Al-sama, you should be able to bear it just fine. I kept away from the Madam and Schult-chan… subservient to anything you’d tell me to do, Al-sama, even letting you do whatever you pleased with my body…]

Aldebaran: [I never laid a finger on you though!?]

Hugging her own slender shoulders, Yae flirted in an attempt to draw sympathy, but Aldebaran rebutted.

That statement had gone too far in damaging his reputation, and of course, having been voiced in the absence of any other ears, it was probably some form of pestering or discouragement towards Aldebaran.

But, Yae gave a flirtatious glance towards Aldebaran as he harbored that impression,

Yae: […Sooner or later, why don’t you try touching me without mentioning anything about where you’ve laid your fingers? You must be awfully fatigued, so, Al-sama, I don’t mind comforting you in your weakened state, y’know?]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Yae: [Oh? Ohohoho~? Does this silence perhaps suggest that you’re considering it as an option? In that case, I’m gonna go get the bed ready before you change your mind…]

Aldebaran: [You’ve got it wrong, I was just pondering over what I should say to shut you up. Besides, you…]

Yae: [What is it?]

Aldebaran: [You yourself said that there would be no meaning in having such a relationship with me, yeah?]

Pointing his finger at Yae as she produced a bewitching atmosphere, Aldebaran questioned her true intent.

Unfortunately, no matter how coquettishly she phrased her invitation, Aldebaran would never go along with it. Aldebaran had spent over ten years as a gladiator on Gladiator Island, where societal order was at its worst. He was tired of hearing those kinds of sales pitches.

Besides, this was not the first time that Yae had tried to seduce Aldebaran like this. Hence, neither was it his first time rejecting her, but as Yae caressed her own body in a disappointed manner,

Yae: [This is also a shinobi weapon, so it’s hurtful for it to be dismissed so bluntly.]

Aldebaran: [Don’t cling to weapons that don’t work. Mistaking the means for the end can be a slippery slope.]

Yae: [Well, that’s quite the reasonable advice. ――After all, if I could’ve gotten you to love me, Al-sama, then my tomorrow would’ve been secured forever, bu~t that hope fell apart when the Madam died.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Yae: [That angry look on your face, I can see it, y’know?]

As she slightly inclined her head, Yae’s words were a sharp blade that wounded Aldebaran’s heart.

It could not have been without malice. Yae was brimming with intent to wound Aldebaran, and Aldebaran had resigned himself to receive that blade. Neither of them had declared it, but Aldebaran had been intent on protecting Priscilla’s life, and Yae had also believed that the Madam―― that Priscilla’s life would be secure.

Now that the unspoken understanding had been broken, this torment from Yae was a natural punishment.

Yae: [I won’t say that you went back on your word. After all, I never ascertained it through your words. Only, since Al-sama loved the Madam, I thought you would’ve naturally protected her til the end.]

Touching her lips, Yae spun words that tore Aldebaran to shreds.

In silence, as he tasted the sharpness of that blade, Aldebaran would listen to her next words. That was definite retribution he ought to receive――,

Yae: [――Please don’t misunderstand. Al-sama, I’m not reproaching you for not having protected the Madam, y’know?]

Aldebaran: [Ah?]

Yae: [I quite liked the Madam. Though, I did try to kill her because of an order. She was classy, intelligent, beautiful, and surprisingly kind. But, if she ended up dying, then there’s nothing to be done about that. Those who die don’t come back. Though, for some reason it seems like they were brought back in the Empire~.]

Even though he had not shared the details of the events in the Empire until then, Yae brought up the topic of the Great Disaster, which she must have heard about somewhere. But, rather than where she had gotten her hands on that information, Aldebaran’s attention was turned to Yae’s manner of progressing the conversation, leaving her true intentions unreadable.

If Yae had no intent of reproaching Aldebaran, then just what did she intend to accomplish by discussing Priscilla’s death and verbally attacking Aldebaran like this?

Yae: [My words are simply words, y’know~? Al-sama, you’re getting hurt by them of your own accord. All I’m doing is holding you accountable.]

Aldebaran: [Holding me, accountable?]

Yae: [Didn’t you ask about it yourself? About what my objective was in trying to comfort you, Al-sama… Well~, perhaps your phrasing was a little more crude?]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Yae: [Before, it was in order to have Al-sama love me and thus protect me. But, I now understand that it’s not an absolute, so my objective has changed from back then.]

As she spoke, Yae slowly walked right up before Aldebaran and folded her knees. Then, on eye-level with Aldebaran, as he sat on the dirty floor,

Yae: [My goal in my proposal to comfort you now, Al-sama, is not a seduction. It’s insurance, so to speak.]

Aldebaran: [Insurance…]

Yae: [Al-sama, it’s already begun, now hasn’t it~? You’ve betrayed those who’ve treated you well, you’ve even unleashed the Witch of Envy to ground the Sword Saint… this can’t be stopped, and it’d be a problem to have it stop, so I can’t afford to have you fail. That’s why~…]

Pausing her words there, Yae gently reached out a white finger, and touched Aldebaran’s neck. As the fingertip of a short nail tickled his neck, Yae brought her lips to his ears so as to whisper,

Yae: [Please, accomplish what you set out to do, Al-sama. If it’s for that purpose, then whether it’s my body, my talents, my techniques, or anything else, please make use of them. I will serve to comfort you, be it to rest your mind or vent your anger.]

Her breathing was feverish, and with no falsehood in the voice that dedicated the entirety of her being, Yae flashed the high canines that could be seen in her mouth, and continued.

That was――,

Yae: [――Then, after you’ve accomplished what you’d set out to do, please die, once and for all. Al-sama, if you don’t die, I don’t think I’ll ever feel safe for the rest of my entire life.]

Saying that in the most horrifyingly coquettish tone until then, Yae smiled.

That was the reason why Yae Tenzen was assisting Aldebaran, even if it meant making an enemy of the world. ――Thus, Aldebaran himself could also assent to that conclusion.

It was something he had known since the beginning.

If Aldebaran ever accomplished his goal, all of his actions up until that point would not be forgiven, nor would they be exonerated. Much less would they be deemed acceptable or be understood.

He did not wish to be understood. Neither did he wish to be forgiven. Please, oh please, don’t forgive me.

Once all was said and done, Aldebaran would assuredly be burned at the stake.

That conclusion of him being burned to death was the hope of Yae Tenzen―― nay, Aldebaran himself also desired it.

Were he to succeed in his objective, he would gladly be burned at the stake. Then, just like the woman who had burned herself to save her motherland, Aldebaran would likewise be reduced to ash.

――When that time came, finally would Aldebaran be able to undo his territory, destroying the matrix.

Aldebaran: [――――]

In a mutual silence, Aldebaran and Yae locked eyes at a proximity where they could feel each other’s breaths.

Therein was nothing akin to the desire between man and woman, but rather, a pitiful girl with the chains on her life in the clutches of a monster, and the dried-out misery of a foolish clown exerting himself to play the role of monster.

Then, as their gazes continued to remain locked for a while――,

???: [――Gwaahhhhh! Wh-what the hell!? How did I… Gwahhhh!?]

Suddenly, a voice that was neither Aldebaran’s nor Yae’s, but that of a third party, boorishly ripped apart the space between the two.

That which had been heard was a shriek from Heinkel, who had seemingly woken up. Though if Yae’s report a moment prior had been the truth, the manner in which he had been tied up was such that if careless, he would end up in pieces.

Aldebaran: […The old man’s gonna fall apart. Go untie him before that happens.]

Yae: [Are you glossing over me? It’d be fine even if Heinkel-sama were to fall apart.]

Aldebaran: [It’s not fine, I made a promise to the old man. When everything’s finished, I’ll arrange the Dragon’s Blood for him. I keep my promises… Promises are, important.]

Yae: [Promises… Alright, would you then make one with me? A promise, that is.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Yae: [If you make me a promise, and if you keep it, then fine. I’ll do it. Heinkel-sama won’t fall apart. I, Yae, am your faithful servant.]

Briefly poking out her red tongue, whilst concealing the murderous intent within her narrowed eyes, Yae asked of him.

At her words, Aldebaran closed his eyes within his helmet; then, slowly holding up his right hand, he extended his pinky.

As she witnessed that, Yae made a puzzled face befitting a girl her age. ――He recalled when in the past, Priscilla had similarly been caught off-guard upon seeing him extend his pinky like this.

And as he recalled it,

Aldebaran: [Entwining our pinkies and making a pinky promise, that’s my ritual for making promises.]

Yae: [Entwining our pinkies… how le~wd~.]

Aldebaran: [It’s not lewd. If you aren’t gonna do it, fine.]

Yae: [I will, I will. Have a look-see, Yae-chan’s pinky and Al-sama’s pinky are entwined.]

Her phrasing had been lascivious, but Aldebaran did not mention anything about it. Then, with their pinkies entwined, they rocked their hands up and down,

Aldebaran: [Finger cutting, ten-thousand fists, if you lie you have to swallow a thousand needles. ――There, it’s a pinky promise.]

With that, he concluded the pinky promise of his own demise.

Aldebaran, wishing for his own death, had mixed feelings about Yae’s awfully delighted demeanor here, but he did indeed think that she really was a shinobi maid who suited those omitted aspects of beautiful, sweet, and lovely.

Heinkel: [S-somebody, somebody do something! Guh, gah! Gwaahhhhh!!]

Still, the pathetic cries of pain of the neglected Heinkel echoed loudly throughout the woods.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Piece of shit, you’ll regret this, maid…]

???: [Please don’t use such dirty language~, Heinkel-sama. As you can see, we’re isolated and shorthanded, so we can’t afford to waste personnel to keep watch over you, Heinkel-sama.]

Heinkel: [Then it would’ve been fine to just lay me on my side! The nerve you must have to pointlessly tie me up…]

???: [I just thought that seeing a little blood~ might calm you down~. Isn’t it just the cutesy survival tactics of this delicate Yae to ensure that this camp isn’t destroyed?]

Heinkel: [Why you little…!]

A red line streaked the back of his neck―― as Heinkel rubbed where the blood had run down, he unconsciously reached down for the sword at his waist, indignant at Yae’s talkative demeanour.

But, when Aldebaran spied a dangerous glint in Yae’s eye at the same time, he had no choice but to intervene in their interaction with a “Wait”.

Aldebaran: [Yae, don’t instigate. Old man, this is how Yae’s like, that’s all…]

Heinkel: [I don’t care! By the time I showed up, this woman wasn’t at the mansion anymore!]

Yae: [Yippity yep, Heinkel-sama and I narrowly missed meeting each other at the mansion. To think that the replacement of this beautiful and competent Yae-chan was Heinkel-sama, it must’ve been quite a shock to Schult-chan, ri~ght?]

Aldebaran: […Surprisingly, Schult-chan got along really well with the old man.]

Yae: [Heh~, that’s really surprising. Even though that’s not at all the case with your own son?]

Heinkel: [You little…!]

Aldebaran: [Yae.]

Once again, Yae began to deliberately grate on Heinkel’s nerves, and so Aldebaran directed a stern gaze her way; but, her only response was “Apologies~” and a bow with her hands clasped.

The two had met for the first time when he approached Heinkel with his plans, and had him leave the Fortified City in advance to converge with Yae, but their chemistry was worse than he ever could have imagined. Regardless of Heinkel not liking Yae, it seemed that Yae was also not considerably fond of Heinkel. [3]

To be honest, Yae was unfriendly with Heinkel to an extent uncharacteristic of even herself.

Aldebaran: [Sorry, old man, but from here on out, both you and Yae are gonna have indispensable roles. I won’t tell you to get along, so at least play your part well.]

So, Aldebaran gave up on trying to reform Yae’s attitude, and requested Heinkel to compromise. He was sorry to Heinkel, but so long as he desired the Dragon’s Blood, he could not go against Aldebaran’s plans or views. Obediently, he would be put to use.

And contrary to Aldebaran’s expectation that there would be some natural backlash, Heinkel briefly muttered “Understood”,

Heinkel: [More importantly, were you telling the truth? That in seven days, things will be settled?]

Aldebaran: [――. Yeah, but rather than calling it the truth, I’d say I’m serious about it. I seriously intend on concluding this in seven days.]

Heinkel: [When that time comes, give me the Dragon’s Blood of Volcanica. You absolutely must not break that promise… That and, the Witch of Envy…]

Aldebaran: [I’ve thought of a plan to have that withdraw. Before the battle between your son and the Witch of Envy can amount to anything, yeah? You don’t need to worry.]

Heinkel: [I’m not worried…!]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Heinkel: [I’m not, worried…]

As his expression clouded over with shame, Heinkel did not wring out any further words. After gazing over Heinkel in silence, Aldebaran turned to face forward.

As Yae led the way, Aldebaran’s party was moving to exit the woods in which they had been hiding.

As mentioned previously, now that he had overcome the unavoidable clash with the Sword Saint, Aldebaran and his henchmen would have no choice but to avoid trouble as much as possible as they headed toward their target destination.

For that purpose, with a long way to go, they would have to continue traversing westward through the Kingdom of Lugunica.

Yae: [But~, will it really go so smoothly such that nobody gets in our way? After all, isn’t there a high probability that the Sword Saint-sama’s collaborators already know about your wrongdoings, Al-sama?]

Aldebaran: [Don’t call them wrongdoings… Firstly, my betrayal is undoubtedly known. It’s hard to think that the Sword Saint was the only other person present when Lil’ Miss Flam contacted her lil’ sister, and there’s no chance he just flew off without saying anything to anyone. Hence, we’re turning the tables on them.]

Yae: [And by turning the tables, you mean using the Divine Dragon-sama?]

Aldebaran: [That’s right.]

Responding to Yae’s question, Aldebaran pointed to the sky obstructed by the trees of the surrounding woods.

As Aldebaran’s party proceeded through the forest like this, “Aldebaran” did not accompany them. Of course, its large body would have been exceedingly conspicuous, but there was something that Aldebaran had wished for it to do by using its fame and absurdly noticeable body.

Aldebaran: [For now, the Divine Dragon’s headed in a different direction from ours… I had it fly north. By having it draw attention there, I expect attention to be diverted away from us.]

He was unsure of the accuracy of Flam’s Divine Protection of Mindspeak, but if in addition to Aldebaran’s betrayal, she had conveyed the information regarding the antagonism of the Divine Dragon Volcanica, the sightings of Volcanica would be regarded as a threat to the Kingdom, and it would become the center of their attention.

Without Reinhard, they would need to mobilize personnel on the level of the order of Knights, or else they would be unable to even take seats at the negotiation table with Volcanica; such would be their viewpoint.

Thus――,

Aldebaran: [Naturally, the opponent’d assume that I’d be with the greatest fighting strength.]

Nobody would arrive at the idea that he had parted with the Divine Dragon, which he had gone out of his way to gain as an ally.

But, considering Aldebaran’s objective, there would be no meaning in standing out more than necessary, so it was natural to exclude the inevitably conspicuous “Aldebaran” from acting with the group.

Having read Aldebaran’s Book of the Dead, “Aldebaran” shared his objective, plans, and expectations, and thus would likely fulfill the role levied upon it.

In the meantime, Aldebaran’s party would close the physical distance on their objective with success.

For that purpose, Yae’s skills as a shinobi would also come in handy――,

Yae: [――Al-sama, a problem has arisen.]

As Yae suddenly stopped in her tracks and informed him so, Aldebaran held his breath.

Walking at the rear of the line, Heinkel also stopped, and called out to Yae with an “Oi”. She responded not to his call, and silently directing her gaze beyond the trees―― to the outside of the woods,

Yae: [It’s the “worst” that you get when you combine “most” and “bad”, but we’re being ambushed.]

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Heinkel: [Hahh!? An ambush!? So what the hell was all that for!? Your whole Dragon diversion thing!]

Receiving a report of unexpected circumstances, Aldebaran’s cheeks stiffened, and Heinkel raised his voice. Heinkel was more distraught than he was angry, and Aldebaran felt the same way, even if he did not voice it.

There was no way they were being ambushed. The presence of the Divine Dragon Volcanica could not be ignored. That was, if they could not focus on anything else but the Divine Dragon Volcanica’s strength――,

???: [――Oi! You can hear me, can’t you? I know you’re in there, helmet bastard!]

Aldebaran: [――――]

As if having calculated the time he had caught his breath, a voice struck at the precise moment he let it go.

But, that was wrong. That was not so. It was not that the time had been calculated. Unlike the have-nots, the haves would never miss the timing in these situations.

Such had been the case for the Sun Princess, Priscilla Barielle.

Thus, with equal status as Priscilla Barielle, for she who vied for the same seat of the Kingdom’s apex, it was simply that the selfsame marvel resided innately within.

Outside the woods, awaiting Aldebaran and his party, the second coming of the Golden Lion――,

???: [Looks like you took care of my garbage Knight. Guess I got no choice but to clean up after him. ――He’s not used to having it wiped by others, but the one who’ll be cleaning up his ass here, is me.]

Translation Note: [1] – “Black” in Japanese is typically used in the context of “Black Company”, a business that overworks and is exploitative of its workers.

[2] – A bit of a pun. If you take a character from “鬼” (Oni) and “畜生” (beast) you get “鬼畜” (brute). She does this a lot.

[3] – Here in the original text, Tappei writes that Aldebaran had Heinkel leave the Imperial Capital in advance, but this makes no sense given that they were in Garkla when these events would have transpired, and as such the translation has been altered to reflect the continuity of the series.

--- Chapter 18: A Hundred Times More Troublesome ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――They recounted their lonely struggles, their days of ineradicable remorse.

A tale pertaining to their past, one that they had decided ought not be treated without the utmost respect, gravity, and caution.

Even after letting it all out, their never-let-go and forward-facing mindset was ephemeral.

???: [My compensation, that is.]

They could not help but detest the Witch who expressed the price for leaving this dream world as thus.

With a trace of their red tongue, with a hint of mischief hanging in the air, that vacuous beauty toyed with them, seemingly scheming to guide them as per their will.

Witch: [Alright, I’ve decided.]

The first time, she had demanded that they forget, but what would she decree for this second time?

As if to mock them, as they involuntarily stiffened, the Witch, who exuded the faint fragrance of flowers, brought her fingers to a white handkerchief that fluttered in the wind.

――It was embroidered with a Great Spirit in the form of a gray cat, with gold linings around the white fabric.

???: [The handkerchief Petra gave me when I left for the Sanctuary…?]

To scream out “Stop!” until their throat tore itself apart, they wished.

To scream out “Stop!” until their throat tore itself apart, no throat to do so could be found.

They wanted to throw themselves in front of the terrifying Witch and shout, “Stop!”.

There was nobody there to stand in front of the terrifying Witch and yell, “Stop!”.

Ergo, no matter how much they attempted to shout “Stop, stop it!” in their heart, no matter how much their soul attempted to step in, they could not stop them.

Witch: [The price for the tea party has been paid. From the bottom of my heart, I look forward to your next visit.]

The value of the payment was expressed, and a slight sense of relief and happiness grew.

More than feeling triumphant that they had been the one to have led to that, they were far, far, far, far more terrified that the Witch had taken an interest in them.

Just what their own self had become a part of, they knew not.

???: [Looks like Echidna kept her word. The tea party didn’t get erased from my memories this time.]

The dream world was enveloped by a white light, and they returned from the illusion to a dark, cold space.

Returning to the location where they again had met the Witch―― something odd, they noticed.

???: […Where’s Emilia?]

Their heart growing restless by her absence when she ought to have been present, they were filled with a sense of unease.

An overflowing sense of anxiety and a sense of incongruity seemed to seep out, as for one who had been forced to repeat this over and over again, it was a deviation from a base principle, a deviation that should not exist.

Driven by a sense of foreboding welling up from within, they hurriedly left the Tomb.

And as soon as they stepped outside the Tomb and into the moonlight, what they saw was――,

???: [A shadow…?]

The Sanctuary, shrouded in the darkest of blacks, a tonality mark of a Witch even more terrifying than the Witch who had created said place.

No matter how much they shouted “Stop!”, how much they rejected it, how much they cried, how much they resisted, it would not draw to a close.

After all, this was the history of his unerasable path, that he had certainly tread.

――Amidst all that, did I contribute something?

△▼△▼△▼△

―― Helmet bastard ; that voice declaring so had clearly been aware of Aldebaran.

Yae had sensed the presence of an ambush, and then came the familiar, assertive voice. It was not necessary to think very hard in order to understand that their deliberate act of separating their primary strength in an all-out diversion had ended in failure.

Having understood that, the problem currently awaiting Aldebaran was――,

???: [Oi! That voice just now, it’s that blonde-haired brat! Reinhard’s master! What the hell’s she doing here… wasn’t it supposed to be that nobody could find us!?]

Heinkel’s distraught demeanor thoroughly exemplified the confusion of this situation.

His level of panic was the same as what Aldebaran felt within, but thanks to him disgracefully losing his cool first, Aldebaran had avoided becoming flustered.

Nonetheless, the situation was by no means promising.

Aldebaran: […And I just updated my matrix fifteen seconds ago.]

The regular updating of the matrix was intended to be a prudent measure in order to avoid unnecessary risk in the event of a surprise attack, but it appeared to have backfired here.

Aldebaran would have no chance to retry save for the fifteen seconds back from this current point.

This meant that the opponent’s ambush was no longer avoidable. ――An ambush like this was a far worse tactic for Aldebaran to face than any surprise attack.

Whether through good insight or just guesswork, the ambush had been sprung at precisely the worst timing.

Yae: [If you’re talking about the Sword Saint’s master, could this be the rumored Felt-sama~…? I wonder, is it already time to use Heinkel-sama as a human~ sacrifice?]

Heinkel: [――Hk, if you’re trying to get through this by using me as a hostage, it’ll get you nowhere! Those guys want nothing more than to have Reinhard succeed the headship of House Astrea. Right now, I’m the one in a bad position by being with you guys… If they have a good enough reason, they’ll kill me without mercy!]

Yae: [We~ll… if that’s the case, then wouldn’t that make you even better suited to the role of human sacrifice?]

Heinkel: [I told you this ain’t the time to be cracking jokes!]

Likely, she had not been joking. Heinkel yelled back at her with a dumbfounded look in his eyes while Yae asked, “What should we do~?”, as she shrugged at Aldebaran.

Unlike the two shaken middle-aged men, Yae was calmly reacting to the situation which lay before them. Perhaps being the result of her shinobi training, her well-honed mental strength was admirable.

For Aldebaran, it seemed to be a state of mind he could never reach no matter how many millions of times he died――,

Aldebaran: [In any case, there’s no point in us sending forth the old man.]

If what was waiting for them outside the forest truly was Felt and her allies, then per Heinkel’s grievous acknowledgment, it would be ineffective to use him as a hostage. In fact, if it came to pass that this opportunity was seized to take his life, it would have made quite the punchline for “Here rests the beloved and respected Heinkel Astrea” to be writ upon his grave.

And, the reason why naught but pessimistic pictures came to mind was because he lacked the materials to paint an optimistic picture.

Aldebaran: [Yae, old man, wait here. I’ll go have a look first.]

Heinkel: [Wh… are you out of your mind!? This woman’s a shinobi , isn’t she? If anyone’s going out there first shouldn’t it be her!? You tell him too!]

Yae: [――. Al-sama, that’s the best course of action, correct?]

Aldebaran: [Yeah.]

He gave that answer as he inclined his chin, and Yae readily withdrew, saying, “Ro~ger that.” Heinkel, his face still red with frustration, tried to continue pressing the issue, but,

Yae: [Don’t be so persistent, Heinkel-sama. You don’t need to worry so much; who else but Al-sama could come up with an idea like using the Divine Dragon Volcanica and actually pull it off? There’s no way he doesn’t have a plan.]

Heinkel: [Well, I… I, guess so…]

In response to Yae’s backup, Heinkel reluctantly retracted his words.

As one would have expected, the prestige of the Divine Dragon was effective in many ways, regardless of whether or not the being in question was senile. Even in this situation where they were completely outdone, it gave one unconditional confidence that Aldebaran would not go down without a fight.

Unfortunately, it was now showtime for the lack of a plan that Yae had declared an impossibility.

Aldebaran: [Now, am I walking into an Oni nest or a snake pit?] [1]

He would feel reluctant either way, but Aldebaran hid those uneasy thoughts inside his helmet and headed straight out of the woods, leaving the other two behind.

The information he needed in order to inform his next decisions consisted of the confirmation of the hostile opponents’ identities, and their fighting strength――,

???: [――Heh? You got a lotta nerve coming out so boldly like that, must be fully prepared, yeah?]

His view, obscured by tall trees, suddenly cleared up, and a plain unfolded before Aldebaran’s eyes.

Standing imposingly on the other side of the plain with a smile baring her white canines was a girl of golden hair and red eyes; it was the person he had assumed, judging from the characteristics of her voice and the contents of her dialogue―― Felt.

Aldebaran: [――――]

This was what followed the encounter with Reinhard. That in itself was no surprise.

In addition, Aldebaran had already begun estimating his opponent’s strength as soon as he guessed that the opponent was Felt. ――At the current point in time, her two star players, the Sword Saint and the Gray, had already been dealt with.

Referring back to his knowledge he had acquired from his time in the Watergate City of Pristella, would the other key members of this Camp then be the trio of former thugs, Flam’s younger sister whom he had yet to see, and the old giant who had invaded the Royal Castle? Although Felt’s own capabilities were yet to be confirmed, it was unlikely that she would come close to matching Priscilla’s strength.

Even Priscilla would have been no match for Aldebaran if they were to have fought one-on-one.

Even in the unlikely event that Felt was secretly a very powerful individual, he would have had many ways of dealing with her. ――At least, that was what Aldebaran had been thinking until he exited the forest.

However――,

Aldebaran: […Oioi, what kinda joke is this?]

Aldebaran could not help but give a dry smile at the unexpected sight that unfolded before his eyes.

After all, his original expectation had been for five people, six at most. This was roughly a hundred times that―― a group of over five-hundred people were there to welcome Aldebaran.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Felt had grown up in the slums, and even though her position in society had changed, there still existed within her a mindset of poverty.

Although she no longer lacked food, clothing, or a place to sleep, those were things not of Felt’s own possession; they were all attached to Reinhard and the Astrea household.

Indeed, Reinhard was Felt’s Knight, but she was not so deluded as to think that this gave her the right to claim all of his possessions as her own.

Therefore, she had no intention of letting the “cards” she had originally held in her hand go to waste, even if the food she ate was delicious, the quality of her clothes changed dramatically, and she could sleep soundly until morning.

The “cards” in Felt’s hand were, simply put, a collection of traits she had cultivated in order to “live strong”.

Her keen eye for spotting easy suckers and her ability to escape, both honed during her time in the slums, her courage in the face of any situation, and her intuition for when she was in a bind―― all of these had been sharpened further after the incident with the Bowel Hunter that had led to her encounter with Reinhard, and she had continued to hone these skills even during her time spent receiving a higher education in preparation for the Royal Selection.

As a matter of fact, all of these “cards” were now much more useful than before. ――And yet, she had still never been able to shake off Reinhard even once.

In any case, by continuing to hone her old “cards”, Felt’s perspective had broadened to a level that allowed her to see things which had before escaped her sight.

Felt’s confidence did not allow her to overlook the slightest sense of unease which might have bothered her.

――The same applied to when Flam, who had remained at Pleiades Watchtower, sent word of the critical situation to her twin sister, Grassis, in the Royal Capital via the Divine Protection of Mindspeak.

???: [――Felt-sama, I must hasten towards the Augria Sand Dunes at once. I may have to do battle against the Divine Dragon Volcanica there. If the battle reaches beyond the sand sea, the damage would be far too great.]

Felt: [Wait a second… It almost seems like they’re going out of their way to start the battle in that sandy dump to me. I’m pretty sure you were saying something about how that’s the one place in the whole world where you’re at your weakest, yeah?]

Reinhard: [――. Yes, that is correct. I am not very compatible with the Miasma in that location. However, avoiding this is not an option. Flam and Ezzo-dono are in that Tower. In addition…]

Upon hearing the news from Grassis, Reinhard seemed to be driven by a sense of duty as the Sword Saint, to which Felt responded by saying “I know” and scratching her head.

That Reinhard was making that face at this moment was one of the things about him she was not very fond of, but there was no point in bringing it up. More importantly, she needed to get Reinhard to accept her next proposal.

That proposal was――,

Felt: [Reinhard, I ain’t telling you not to go. But, don’t just go off alone. ――Take us part of the way, too.]

Reinhard: [Felt-sama, that is…!]

Felt: [Hey, are you saying that you’re going off to do something reckless, but won’t let me do the same? Don’t be so conceited. You aside, everyone else is still entitled to do everything they can.]

Reinhard: [――――]

Silent remained Reinhard, unsure of what to say in defense, and it was easy to understand what was going on inside his mind from a glance.

After all, not only had their opponent completely defeated Ezzo and Flam, but he also had the Divine Dragon Volcanica accompanying him. This had the potential to be one of the biggest crises the Kingdom had ever faced.

It was truly a colossal task worthy of the attention of the Sword Saint.

Felt: [I don’t get it, though.]

Reinhard: [May I ask what you do not understand?]

Felt: [Even if he didn’t know about Flam’s Divine Protection, people’d still find out about him as soon as he brought out the Divine Dragon. And it’s obvious you’d come flying as soon as that happens. But that helmet bastard did it anyway.]

Reinhard: […So, are you saying that Al-dono is acting in anticipation of that, Felt-sama?]

Felt: [Which is more likely in his case, anticipating that people will come for him, or believing that nobody will?]

Felt posited this with one eye closed, and Reinhard began to seriously consider the possibility.

He must have had some sort of measure in place to deal with Reinhard. In fact, it was quite possible that bringing the Divine Dragon to his side was a part of it.

With the poor conditions of being in the Augria Sand Dunes and the presence of the Divine Dragon, was it still possible for Reinhard to overcome this?

Reinhard: [Even if that is the case… Even so, I must go. Even if the enemy has taken effective countermeasures, I am the only one who can overcome them…]

Felt: [――Reinhard, don’t dodge.]

Upon giving this order to Reinhard, the eyes of the red-haired Knight, who was kneeling so as to speak to her, widened in surprise. When as instructed, he did not move, and Felt placed both of her hands on his cheeks.

Reinhard’s eyes were fixed on her, sullying his beautiful appearance which was the cause of much excitement in the streets.

Felt: [Moron, I told you I ain’t stopping. Just jump on the opponent’s invitation. Unleash your ridiculous strength and go wild. ――I’ll pick up the rest from there.]

Reinhard: [――Ah.]

Bringing her face closer, she said this from a distance where their noses nearly touched, and just as she was watching his sky-blue eyes shimmer with surprise, the door to the room was violently slammed open.

Standing there was a group of familiar faces, gasping for breath――,

Felt: [You’ve come back just in time. How’d it go?]

???: [Haa, haa… T-this is just insane…]

???: [Why don’t we just use one of our own sturdy dragon carriages that we don’t care about breakin’, milady!?]

???: [You idiot, that ground dragon… I thought we couldn’t take Romy with us. The hell’s going on? Grassis didn’t give me any details, either.]

???: [Dragon carriage procurement, complete.]

The trio squeezed through the cramped entrance, shoulder-to-shoulder, with a sleepy-eyed Grassis following behind them.

Reinhard looked around at the crowd of people who had just arrived, and again his eyes widened in amazement. Felt snorted at the sight of that childish expression, one that did not fit his age,

Felt: [Hey, put a little more life into your face.]

Reinhard: [Felt-sama, this is…]

Felt: [Don’t get ahead of yourself and start thinking you can do everything on your own, Reinhard. You can’t even hold the hands of all three of them at the same time on your own, y’know?]

She said that while shrugging her shoulders at him, and Reinhard blinked, his eyes fixated on her. Then, he took a deep breath, and quietly letting the emotion in his eyes slowly begin to settle,

Reinhard: [――Yes. I am the Sword Saint who cannot even hold the hands of all three of them at the same time on my own.]

Finally, he nodded, donning the face of Reinhard, not just that of the Sword Saint.

△▼△▼△▼△

After that, it was a race against time, as Felt worked Reinhard as hard as possible.

Carrying the dragon carriage that Grassis and the others had found, Reinhard went from the Royal Capital to the Augria Sand Dunes in a single flight, sending them to the Astrea Domain en route.

Reinhard: [I am leaving now, Felt-sama!]

Felt: [Go make a show of it and beat him down a hundred times over!!]

Truthfully, even with Reinhard’s Divine Protection of Wind Evasion, she had not wanted to experience that emergency trip again, but it had undoubtedly been worthwhile to make the detour.

The helmet bastard’s counters against Reinhard, their viciousness had far exceeded her wildest imaginations.

――The manifestation of the Witch of Envy in the Sand Dunes, which she knew was still keeping Reinhard at a standstill, had occurred shortly after his departure.

???: [Ta think, the Witch of Envy… even in my prime, I wouldn’t’ve considered such a method. I dunno this helmet bastard, but was he really that crazy?]

Stroking his bald head with his large palm, Rom-jii sighed heavily at the distant report.

Rom-jii, who had joined them at the estate, was one of the two main strategists of the faction, along with Ezzo, who was no longer present. However, upon hearing Rom-jii’s report, Felt shook her head in disagreement.

Felt: [From what I saw, that helmet bastard wasn’t that crazy. His appearance and way of speaking were different, sure, but honestly, he was no worse than that cat-eared guy from Crusch-neechan’s side or the black-haired nii-chan from Emilia-neechan’s side.]

Towards Al, who had caused this situation and turned into an enemy, Felt did not have a particularly good or bad impression. ――However, like the other Knights, she had believed him to possess a strong sense of loyalty to his master, despite his frivolous attitude.

That was why――,

Felt: [――When his Princess died, maybe he ended up falling into despair?]

――The death of Priscilla Barielle, caught in the internal struggle of the Vollachian Empire.

The unbelievable news delivered to the Royal Castle of Lugunica, naturally, had reached Felt’s ears as of her presence in the Royal Capital.

To be honest, she had been unable to understand it right away in the moment, and even now she did not feel it in any real sense.

That was how full of life Priscilla had been, so far removed from anything related to death.

Felt: […There’s no such thing as an immortal human. Us bystanders, we can swallow it like that. But, that helmet bastard wasn’t like that.]

Rom: [But, what’s his plan if that’s the case? Accordin’ ta the report from Flam, he’s said ta be commandin’ the Divine Dragon, but is he plannin’ on draggin’ the world into a grand suicide?]

Felt: [I don’t think that’s impossible, but…]

To throw everything away, dragging the world with him to mourn Priscilla’s death. ――Felt thought it was unlikely to be such an outburst in that direction.

If Al’s goal was such an obvious destruction wish, then the biggest obstacle to that would undoubtedly be Reinhard.

???: [Yet, the helmet bastard didn’t team up with the Witch… the Witch of Envy to kill Reinhard. So at least that means world destruction ain’t his goal, for now.]

Felt: [Oh, what’s this, Rachins? Just because Sensei isn’t here, you’re trying to be the voice of reason?]

Rachins: [Don’t mock me. Honestly, if you ask me, I just wanna escape and run. The Witch of Envy showing up? This is beyond what we can handle.]

Exaggeratedly flicking his long tongue, Rachins snapped at Felt.

Beside him were Gaston and Camberley, who both anxiously agreed with Rachins, saying, “Yeah, yeah”,

Camberley: [Y-yeah, that’s right, miss! Even if Reinhard stopped the Witch of Envy, the Divine Dragon’s still runnin’ wild, right? That’s beyond what we can handle!]

Gaston: [Felt understands that much, right? We returned to the Domain to evacuate the citizens on the off-chance that…]

Felt: [Yeah, we’ll need to deal with that one too.]

Gaston: [See? Like I said… Wait, did you say “that one too”?]

For a moment, Gaston’s eyes twinkled with relief at Felt’s response. Seeing his reaction, Felt laughed and nodded, saying, “Oh, I did, I did”,

Felt: [We have to think about the worst-case scenario, but we can’t make a huge fuss. After all, you guys are freaking out just because it’s a Witch.]

Camberley: [Of course we are! And you’re freakin’ out too, miss, ain’t you?! It’s a Witch, a Witch!]

Felt: [Your girlfriend gets called something similar, doesn’t she?]

Camberley: [Toto gets called “Wicked Temptress” but she’s cute in front of me, so it’s fine!]

Rachins: [Stop fooling around! The conversation’s getting off-track!]

Interrupting the spitting match between Felt and Camberley, Rachins sharply glared at them as he said, “Okay?” and placed his hand on the map spread out on the tabletop with a thump.

Rachins: [We won’t get anywhere unless we decide on a course of action. Felt, what’s your plan?]

Camberley: [Hah, if it’s by majority vote, there’s no doubt the answer’s to run. But…]

Rom: [――We all intend ta follow yer lead.]

Seeing Rom-jii’s serious tone, Felt briefly held her breath.

Looking around, Rachins had a skeptical look, Gaston’s face was grim, and Camberley’s legs trembled like a newborn deer, all waiting for Felt’s response without arguing.

Seriously, when did these guys become so reliable?

Felt: [That’s been me all along. I really hated it when something bad happened and people just sat around, waiting for someone else to fix it.]

Rom: [Sigh, such a fiery way of thinkin’. I wonder who she got that from.]

Felt: [Who knows. Ask my foster parent, have him think about it.]

After saying that to her foster parent, who slowly shook his head, Felt stuck her tongue out playfully. Then she turned around with enthusiasm, looking at the group waiting for her words.

And then, she declared.

Felt: [Alright, you guys, time to get off your asses. ――This is someone who made a fool of my Reinhard. No need to hold back on him, so let’s crush him!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Resolved to fight, Felt and her faction had moved swiftly.

Far away at the eastern edge of the world, the battle between Reinhard and the Witch of Envy raged on.

And Al, the one who had given rise to such a predicament, had left the battlefield, departing the sand sea with Divine Dragon in tow―― they had been able to accurately grasp the opponent’s movements until that point.

The problem was――,

???: [There’ve been eyewitness reports that the Divine Dragon’s goin’ north. Take that at face value, and ya’d assume the helmet bastard’s gotta be accompanyin’ it… That’s ta say, their destination’d be in the north, but…]

Felt: [If that’s at face value, you’re saying there’s a thought pattern that branches another way?]

???: [Mm. Far as I’ve heard, the helmet bastard’s plans were so meticulous that they included countermeasures for even Reinhard. So then, why go out of his way ta stand out at the inn town by the exit of the Sand Dunes?]

Felt: [That’d be, to reinforce the impression that he’s got a Dragon with him, yeah?]

???: [Indeed, he’d wanted ta give us that impression. ――After all, ain’t the Divine Dragon flyin’ at a height such that people can see it headed north with naked eyes?]

Though he had prefaced that it might have branched another way, Rom-jii’s conjecture was certainly unexpected.

Nearly all affairs had a simple way to interpret them, alongside a more twisted way to interpret them, and in the majority of cases, the simplest interpretation would result in the right answer.

However, a faint unease had restrained Felt’s feelings in this case.

Felt: [Deliberately making a show of the Dragon going north, but why?]

Rom: [Naturally, it’s ta conceal his true aims, oughta be. Showin’ the Dragon flyin’ ‘round’s a card he played ta distract us… so with the north and east excluded, I presume his destination should lie ta the west or south.]

Felt: [――. The Princess died in the Empire. If the Divine Dragon opened fire on the Empire, would it kick off a conflict with that country that’s filled with complex relations…? Nah, that probably ain’t it.]

If that guess was correct, it would certainly have yielded a great deal of strife between the Kingdom and the Empire.

However, that would have been in striking contradiction to the sovereign letter regarding the future of diplomatic relations between the Vollachian Empire and the Kingdom of Lugunica, sent back at the time of the news of Priscilla’s death.

Of course, there was also the possibility that, not wanting to get the Kingdom involved, it was a simple act of retaliation towards the Empire.

Felt: [If that were the case, there wouldn’t be much difference to a suicide bombing that drags the entire world down with him. That would mean…]

Rom: [――Mean what?]

Felt: [――My gut’s telling me west. Though, I can’t tell if it’s straight west, northwest, or southwest.]

Rom: [If the Dragon’s a diversion, we can eliminate the possibility of northwest. That narrows it down ta two points. All that’s left is ta――]

Felt: [Yeah, all that’s left is to――]

――Gambling everything on their interpretation, Felt lined up all of her Camp’s military strength upon the plain.

To put it bluntly, the Astrea Domain did not retain much of an army. This too was a malady of Reinhard being far too strong, but she had tasked those few soldiers with leading the evacuation of the territories that the opponent might pass through.

That was fine. Their strength was meant to protect. Right now, what was necessary was not that, but rather――,

???: [――As I thought, there’s something wrong with’cha, girl.]

???: [Nah nah nah, I don’t know about that . She’s got a decisiveness I find desirable. If need there be, she doesn’t hesitate to drag us vassals of violence into it . I can hold my nose high as her supporter .]

???: [And where might that nose of yours be, I wonder? Those tattoos on your face are so vehemently assertive, my eyes are unable to get a complete view of your facial features whatsoever.]

With each speaking in their own respective manner, they were the representatives of the gathered military strength.

One was a large pig-human clad in a thick armor of muscle, of a huge stature that rivaled Rom-jii.

One was an eccentric of queer appearance, his face covered in blue tattoos of balancing scales.

One was a blooming beauty, coquettishly adorned in lascivious clothing unsuited to the situation.

――The Black Silver Coin, the Balance, and the Flower Prison Garden.

Although they were lined up, they showed not a tinge of amicability towards each other, but there was one thing they all had in common. ――That, upon Felt’s beck and call, they had gathered.

They were the big shots that governed over the criminal underworld of the Ground Dragon Capital of Flanders, a city northeast of the Astrea Domain, and since becoming acquainted with them during a previous incident, Felt networked with them.

Each and every one of them were scoundrels with guilty consciences, but at the same time they were a necessary evil who were supporters of Felt―― numbering around five-hundred people in total, they trusted in Felt’s instincts, and had accompanied her in this battle formation.

Felt: [Hah! What a magnificent sight! How’d this many end up gathering here?]

Making a visor with her hand, Felt raised her voice at the lineup of five-hundred scoundrels.

In truth, when she had thought of attempting to borrow strength from Flanders, she estimated that a tenth would have been satisfactory. Unexpectedly, she had gotten ten times that number.

Felt: [Even though I told ’em the opponent was a guy who managed to outmaneuver Reinhard… Geez, I know it’s not the place or time for it, but I wish I could show him.]

It was something she wished she could teach Reinhard, who was not present in this place.

That there were so many people who, instead of turning tail and running from a situation even Reinhard could not overcome, had gathered to clean up after his ass.

Felt: [Well, there are also probably some like Camberley who just can’t back out.]

Muttering so, Felt cracked her neck, and turned around with her allies to her back.

Ahead of her vision, parallel to the lineup of the troupe, the large forest―― facing it, Felt inhaled in as large of a breath that could fit in her small body,

Felt: [――Oi! You can hear me, can’t you? I know you’re in there, helmet bastard!]

Indeed, she unleashed a declaration of war that served to commence the battle.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Having had absolutely no idea that such an inconceivable move could have been played, Aldebaran could do nothing but stand still at the sight spread out before his eyes.

Aldebaran: [Oioi…]

To the extent that a dry smile unconsciously emerged on his face, this situation had derailed Aldebaran’s calculations.

A situation a hundred times worse than he could have ever hypothesized, filled him with awe. Truly, this situation filled him with awe.

Lacking a sense of visual cohesion, the troupe was lined up across the plain; however, firmly sharing in the goal to oppose something, they were an army corps of unmatching steel.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Still wearing that dry smile on his face, Aldebaran was at a loss.

The way his mind was abruptly thrown into chaos when things outside his expectations occurred, demonstrated the difference between himself and Yae, who instead stood impressed.

The grounds on which Yae acknowledged him as her superior, too, was nothing more than a fabrication secured by his cheat technique of an Authority.

In any case――,

Aldebaran: [Quite the big shot, ain’t’cha now, Lil’ Miss Felt.]

Right in the center of that astonishment, Felt was the key figure who had gone above and beyond Aldebaran’s expectations.

The atmosphere she exuded that had convinced him so, had grown ever sharper in the three short months he had not seen her. As expected from such an outstanding talent, who had made Priscilla recognize her as a worthy adversary in the span of merely a year.

Her level of importance in the world fundamentally differed to that of Aldebaran. ――Having said that, his resolve was not so cheap that he would back down for that reason alone.

Aldebaran: [Thanks for coming out to greet me. But, is it really fine for you to concern yourself with me? Even now, you guys’ Sword Saint is――]

Felt: [――Sorry man.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

For the time being, Aldebaran was going to attempt to obtain whatever scraps of information he could through a battle of words. However, mercilessly interrupting his words, Felt scratched her head as she closed a single eye.

And then――,

Felt: [Both Rom-jii and I agreed that shutting you up was the first thing that oughta be done.]

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

That instant, Aldebaran’s body tensed up at a dreadful sensation. But, it was too late.

Before he could even react to that sense of dread, a small shadow that had been hiding in the entrance to the woods leapt out, and delivered a strong blow to the back of Aldebaran’s neck with a slender foot.

Aldebaran: [Kah, kuh…]

The intense impact jolted his brain, and Aldebaran’s knees buckled as they lost their strength.

In the corner of his vision, the one who had delivered that blow landed nimbly on the grass, their two bundles of peach hair swaying as they looked at Aldebaran with sleepy eyes.

A countenance he recognized―― the young girl who bore a striking resemblance to that, her true identity was.

???: [Vengeance for Flam.]

From those brief, matter-of-fact words, he understood that she was indeed Flam’s younger sister.

Crumbling down from the girl’s attack, as he began to lose hold of his consciousness, Aldebaran muttered.

Aldebaran: [Not, dead yet…]

Then, as his consciousness slowly faded down into the abyssal darkness―― by reflex, he gulped down his poison.

Consuming the deadly poison kept behind his molar, was the singular action that Aldebaran had performed the most in his life, an exquisite skill deeply ingrained not just to his body, but to his soul.

This alone was Aldebaran’s one and only special technique that not even the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, could get in the way of.

After all, there was not a single person in this world better at killing Aldebaran than Aldebaran――,

×　　×　　×

???: [――Oi! You can hear me, can’t you? I know you’re in there, helmet bastard!]

The sensation of his brain being scorched by poison was cut off, and what hastened his immediate recovery was a spirited, commanding voice pregnant with a hearty enmity.

The redefined matrix―― Aldebaran returned to when Felt gave her declaration of war, and brought the count up to one in his head.

???: [Oi! That voice just now, it’s that blonde-haired brat! Reinhard’s master! What the hell’s she doing here… wasn’t it supposed to be that nobody could find us!?]

Giving a sidelong glance to the exchange between the panicked Heinkel and Yae as she soothed him in a manner to provoke him further, Aldebaran went about updating the war situation in his mind based on the information he had just acquired.

An update to the military strength he had previously anticipated for the Felt Camp―― moreover, a substantial update was needed.

After all, his prior expectation had been the three delinquents, the old giant, and Flam’s younger sister, for a maximum of five people. It was approximately a hundred times that―― with what seemed a party of over five-hundred people, they had been waiting in ambush.

Aldebaran: [Really now, they’ve got a damn troublesome brain along with them.]

In a form that differed to his showdown against the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, this was the worst case scenario for Aldebaran――,

Aldebaran: […Seriously, you’re coming at me with tactics I hate the most, Lil’ Miss Felt.]

――Between Aldebaran and an enemy that came at him with an onslaught of numbers, the unavoidable battle commenced.

Translation notes:

[1] – The expression used, “鬼が出るか蛇が出るか”, is translated literally as thus, with its proverbial meaning being akin to “no one knows what’s going to happen”.

--- Chapter 19: Scuffle in the Shadows ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――I love you.]

The world being painted over through the power of those non-superficial words of love, they heard.

???: [――――]

But in truth, that did not mean that “sound” was being produced.

The sound of something cracking, the sound of something being shattered, the sound of something being shredded, the sound of something being broken, the sound of something being sliced open, the sound of something being crushed, the sound of something being pulverized, the sound of something being smashed, the sound of something being pierced, the sound of something being hurled downward, the sound of something――.

???: [――I love you, I love you, I love you.]

But in truth, that did not mean that “sound” was being produced.

Rather, it was as an illusionary “sound”, that of all being lost; this affection, presented by the sable shadow, transgressed against the soul at the nexus of this world to such a degree.

A world, where everything was consumed.

A world, where everything would never-endingly descend into a darkness unfathomable.

There, amidst the deep, seemingly boundless darkness, a soul realized that everything, both important and unimportant, had been dissolved.

And yet――,

Was it because they were weak, that they did not wish to admit it? ――No, it was because they were kind.

Was it because they were weak, that they could not give up? ――No, it was because they were kind.

Was it because they were weak, that they could not refuse love? ――No, it was because they were kind.

???: [――I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.]

To those whispers of love, they raised their voice, rejecting it with everything they had.

But, they understood. They very much understood. That even rejecting it with everything they had, would not be able to turn it away completely.

???: [I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.]

There, a glimpse of a possibility was caught.

With the first, second, and third places in that person’s heart having been taken entirely, a glimpse would still be attainable nonetheless.

For the cowardly, for the despicable love that sought to take advantage of this, they felt no sympathy.

The consequence of such conceit was, inevitably――,

???: [I love you. I love you―― Love me.]

――There it was.

???: [Love me. Love me. Love me. Love me. Love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me love me―― Love me.]

They knew this would happen.

It was as clear as day. It was like stealing from a baby. It was easier than crushing a tometo, opening closed eyelids, or even breathing in and out.

They knew this would happen.

Because it was not for that other person’s sake. Because it was for their own.

If one did not have to consider the feelings of others, able to fill one’s heart and mind with only their thoughts and feelings, then naturally that would happen.

That was by far the most disgraceful aspect of it all, disgraceful to the point the shame would make one’s face burn.

???: [――I hate you.]

――They felt as if their heart was going to freeze.

???: [I am never, going to love you.]

――It was as if it was being said to them and not to anyone else, and they felt they were going to die.

However, even that fear of death was much, much, much, much, much, much better than what was behind waiting for them.

After all――,

???: [Petra’s handkerchief …?]

――They were convinced that the time had finally come, and that the noose was about to be slipped around their neck.

△▼△▼△▼△

――A band of roughly five-hundred people had gathered to receive him.

That was the troublesome formation arranged by Felt to intercept Aldebaran.

Naturally, the moment he left Flam alive, Aldebaran’s rebellion would have been communicated to Reinhard, and he had rushed to the scene, just as expected. As part of that course of events, he fully understood that the selfsame information would have been shared with Felt and the Council of Wise Men.

In order to eliminate the formidable enemies he had fully expected to come after him, Aldebaran’s intention had been to deploy his strongest card, “Aldebaran”, as a diversion, thus clearing out his own path.

However, by the unexpected initiative of a young girl whom he had underestimated, his calculations had been reset to square one.

Aldebaran: [Good grief, there’s too many star players in this world that I can’t compete with.]

???: [I told you this ain’t the time to be cracking jokes!]

As Aldebaran shrugged his shoulders and grumbled, Heinkel shouted at him―― no, Heinkel was not yelling at him, but rather at Yae.

It was merely that his angered shout at Yae’s proposed human sacrifice strategy had miraculously coincided with Aldebaran’s mumbling.

In any case――,

Aldebaran: [As the old man says, this ain’t the time for jokes. We’re gonna go and deal with it.]

As his cheeks tightened within his helmet, Aldebaran shoved aside his lament towards this absurd world and called upon his two companions to begin a strategy meeting.

Heinkel, his face pale, and Yae, her thin smile unable to be deciphered; these two, along with the talentless Aldebaran, were the cards in his hand, having used his primary strength as a diversion.

Aldebaran: [A bit shabby, but they don’t have their best members , either.]

Heinkel: [By dealing with it, what are you planning on doing? To begin with, the opponent’s…]

Aldebaran: [There’s roughly five-hundred enemies, and although they don’t look like Knights or guards, they’ve got their fair share of experience with brawling. Also, I’m pretty sure we’re up against that Lil’ Miss Felt.]

Yae: [Five-hundred people~, that’s quite a lot!]

Impressed at how they were able to gather so many people in such a short amount of time, Yae put her finger to her lips.

Aldebaran was in complete agreement; without taking nearly the best possible moves and strategies, they would not have been able to bring the situation to this point.

Heinkel: [Wait, wait, wait! Five-hundred!? And they’re not soldiers? What the hell’s going on? First of all, how the hell did you even get that information?]

Aldebaran: [ Stop right there, old man. It doesn’t matter how I know the opponent’s numbers. What matters is that it’s the truth. Besides, we made a deal at the start, remember? ――If you want the Dragon’s Blood, don’t go against my plans.]

Heinkel: [Gh…]

Aldebaran: [People hate a man who can’t keep his word, y’know?]

After being reminded, Heinkel fell silent, though visibly frustrated.

Heinkel’s situation was like that of a horse running with a carrot dangled before its face. Unlike a horse, however, Heinkel’s longing could only be satisfied by that particular carrot.

Hence, Heinkel could not defy Aldebaran, who dangled the carrot before him.

Yae: [Now that Heinkel-sama has been silenced, what will you do? Five-hundred people is still pretty tough, y’know?]

Aldebaran: [Ain’t’cha supposed to be the greatest masterpiece of a shinobi to ever be made in Vollachia? Can’t you do something about it?]

Yae: [Even if you say I’m the greatest masterpiece, I did fail in my assassination attempt~? Besides, it’s not the job of a shinobi to slaughter a hundred or a thousand people on the battlefield. I’m no Blue Lightning, after all.]

Aldebaran: [Well, I guess you’re right.]

The Blue Lightning, whom Yae pouted her lips at as she brought up―― Cecilus, was somebody whom Aldebaran had also worked together with, though only for a brief time.

His abilities were just as the anecdotal exaggeration that Yae had described, and he was a member of the same realm of incomprehensible outliers that included Reinhard.

If Aldebaran had that kind of power, he would have been able to take on even a thousand people in a head-on collision; but, unfortunately, he had given up such lofty aspirations in his teens.

Ergo――,

Aldebaran: [Realistically speaking, it’s a fool’s errand to venture out into a place where five-hundred people are waiting for you. We already happen to be in the woods… we’ll take a detour such that they can’t find us.]

Judging from the tone of the voice that was thrown at them, it seemed an unreasonable plan to just pretend they were not actually there. But, if they knew exactly where Aldebaran and his henchmen were, they would have had Grassis launch a surprise attack.

So long as that was not the case, they simply knew that they were in the woods, but nothing more.

Then, depending on how they maneuvered, they could divide the five-hundred enemies even further――,

Yae: [Ah~, Al-sama, this might be a bit bad.]

Having decided on a course of action, just as he was about to move from their position, Yae lightly tugged on his sleeve.

When Aldebaran turned to see what was going on, she was looking in the direction where Felt and the others were waiting, and with a wary look in her eyes, she informed him.

That was――,

Yae: [They seem to be working pretty quickly over there.]

As Yae spoke, Aldebaran saw the same thing. ――Logs of firewood, producing white smoke, being tossed into the forest one after the other.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Welp, guess we couldn’t hope that he’d just waltz on out here.]

Indeed, right in the midst of the troupe that had deployed across the plain, Felt complained whilst glaring at the forest in which the enemy hid.

Enemy ; whether it was fine to declare that helmet bastard as such, was a matter she still had some indecision about. However, Al was neither a friend nor an ally who had gone rogue, nor an acquaintance with whom she had deep ties.

Above all, in order to rouse the morale of her gathered troops, calling him an enemy was more effective.

Hence, Felt plainly proclaimed that helmet bastard―― Al, as an enemy.

And, this enemy was within the forest surrounded by Felt’s party.

Felt: [Then, there’s no doubt about it, right? Otherwise, I’d be a humiliated sucker who just greeted an empty forest with a loud shout.]

???: [Hahaha, don’t worry so unashamedly , Golden Lion. Indeed, it may only be effective in one eye , but once I narrow down the scope this much, I’d see them even if I didn’t want to .]

Tinged with a bit of a distinct accent, the one who had answered Felt was the leader of the Balance, a man by the name of Manfred Madison.

Within the Balance, it seemed to be customary for one to ink a tattoo of balance scales somewhere on their body as proof of their loyalty towards the organization, but Manfred had gone overboard in proving his faithfulness. He was a person who had inked tattoos onto his shaven head, his face and neck, even his eyeball, and it was likely that the same went for everything that lay under his clothes.

And, that eccentricity of his was present not only in his appearance. ――It extended to his way of being.

Manfred: [――The Divine Protection of Farsight.]

Manfred’s left eye―― his lone eyeball with no visible tattoos, spun around, goggling with a stare affixed to the forest.

Up until a short while prior, that left eye of his had likewise been inked with tattoos. The reason why the tattoos were now absent was simple―― the eyeball occupying the socket was one entirely different.

Right now, the eyeball sitting in Manfred’s eye socket was the left eye of a man who had formerly served as his underling――,

Manfred: [As expected, one doesn’t quite grow accustomed to the Divine Protection of another . Still, I saw them .]

Felt: [While that might be pretty useful, it’s also super gross. How’d you do it?]

Manfred: [I don’t dislike your straightforward wording . ――However, the method of stealing Divine Protections is one of the Balance’s secrets .]

Without touching upon the method itself, Manfred confirmed the presence of their enemy within the woods.

In the past, Felt had experienced torment at the hands of that very Divine Protection of Farsight, so she had no room to doubt the credibility of the information it rendered.

Felt: [If they aren’t coming out…]

???: [Then there ain’t no other choice but ta make ‘em wanna come out.]

Cracking his thick neck, Rom-jii finished Felt’s words.

The Great Strategist had utilized the results of Manfred’s defective Divine Protection of Farsight to the fullest in order to formulate a stratagem, and had been preparing the next move to be played against the opponent holed up in the forest.

That was――,

Rom: [It’s tough for pyro tree lumber ta burn up while still green, so it produces lotsa smoke. It doesn’t stop fumin’ easily, even if ya spray it with water. This strategem oughta be ideal.]

Voicing that, Rom-jii’s proposal was plain and simple: to smoke out Al.

Led by Gaston and other ruffians who all took pride in their physical strength, firewood from pyro trees, set alight, was being hurled into the forest one after another. As Rom-jii had stated, the firewood was only producing smoke without spreading their flames to the surroundings, giving rise to a magnificent display of white fumes.

Rom: [The effects of the smoke don’t end at just robbin’ ‘em of their vision. While there’s also a psychological burden, the most worrisome aspect’s the sufferin’ that comes after inhalin’ it.]

Felt: [I bet you’d have a terribly painful coughing fit.]

Rom: [Just so, it’s the agony of hell. Moreover――]

As he spoke, Rom-jii narrowed his eyes.

Doing so, his gaze turned to Camberley and his girlfriend Toto, the proprietress of the Flower Prison Garden; they were directing her subordinates to bring about a magical gale and sending it forth into the forest.

The induced draft did not hew the trees, but instead gently brushed through the gaps between, a passage of wind―― that was to say, creating a passage for the smoke, the white fumes began to spread throughout the woods.

Rom: [Far as I know, there’re no shortage of people who can shake off poison or deep gashes. And yet, in all my pointlessly long life, I ain’t never known somebody who could calmly bear the pain of bein’ smoked out.]

Witnessing his strategy marching closer to fruition, Rom-jii declared so in a low voice.

While that rang pleasantly within Felt’s ears, she once again got a keen sense that her foster parent was preeminent with absurdly dangerous knowledge.

What Rom-jii had done in his past, Felt did not know.

Only, she understood that it was not something that could be spoken of proudly, and that Rom-jii himself was ashamed of that past.

That was why, until Rom-jii decided to speak of it willingly, Felt would not pry.

Without prying, this was all she would say:

Felt: [How’d you like that? ――My Rom-jii’s quite the formidable one, you know.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Smoke.]

The firewood thrown in―― as he bore witness to it giving rise to white smoke, slowly encroaching through the forest, Aldebaran was astounded at his opponent’s unpleasant response.

Being surrounded by a large number of people was already the worst, but this just stacked a whole new level of worst on top of that.

Heinkel: [T-those shitheads, they lit a fire! They’re trying to burn us to death!]

Yae: [Please calm down. An incendiary attack would leave them unable to confirm the corpses, and it’d be quite possible for them to get caught up in it as well. When you combine “foolish” and “strategy” you get a “bad plan”.]

Heinkel: [Our opponent might have just enacted that bad plan! She’s a brat from the slums, you know!? Their kind doesn’t bother to think ahead!]

Yae: [Geez~, Al-sama!]

Aldebaran: [Got it! Old man, just shut up for a sec!]

With what little composure he had left smoked away by the fumes, Heinkel panicked, leaving Aldebaran to forcibly silence him with a reprimand.

Due to his desire for the Dragon’s Blood, Heinkel could not disobey Aldebaran. Be that as it may, the turmoil that came with being driven into a corner probably could not be treated the same way as complaints or objections.

Aldebaran: [――I agree with Yae, this isn’t an incendiary attack, more likely they’re aiming to attack us with smoke. Unfortunately, I’ve got no way to endure a smoke assault. Yae, how about you?]

Yae: [You’re asking if I can endure the smoke? No dice, I may have anti-torture measures and a built-up resistance to poison, but no amount of training can stop a person from becoming teary eyed and coughing when inhaling smoke, y’know?]

Aldebaran: [Sounds about right. And so, no choice but to run from the smoke.]

In order to avoid being smoked to death, they could reach no other conclusion.

The only problem was, that was exactly what the opponent wanted them to do. ――Naturally, it was human instinct to flee from any danger before one’s eyes, be it fire or smoke.

And thus, the artificial wind that had come blowing their way alongside the smoke was an untouchable hunter, aiming to smoke Aldebaran’s party out――,

Aldebaran: [I underestimated them, thinking that even with five-hundred, they wouldn’t be able to surround the whole forest…!]

Smoke for flushing them out, and a draft to guide that smoke.

With just that, then whether it be a small force such as Aldebaran’s, or even a military host of a certain size, it would be possible to force them to a desired position.

In doing so, Felt had completely surrounded a forest that could not be fully encircled by five-hundred people.

Aldebaran: [Or rather, was it the brain of the group? Piece of shit, they’ve really got us here.]

Clicking his tongue bitterly, Aldebaran pictured a map of the world in his head.

His destination was still far, far to the west from here―― having already used up one day for rest and traversal, the time limit had shrunk from seven days to six.

He could not afford to get tripped up more than necessary against Felt here, dealing with a drawn-out battle.

Yae: [Al-sama!]

Aldebaran: [――Hk, Yae, point us the way the wind’s flowing! Old man, follow Yae’s directions, and charge straight ahead! Chop down any trees that stand in the way!]

Heinkel: [G-got it.]

Yae: [I can’t he~ar you!]

Heinkel: [I GOT IT!!]

Overwhelmed by Aldebaran’s quick instructions, Heinkel cried out in desperation.

Then, in accordance with Yae’s directions, Heinkel quite literally cleared a path forward with his unsheathed sword. Following after his sturdy back, Aldebaran plunged into deep deliberation.

After moving a great distance, it would become necessary to reestablish his territory; however, updating his matrix would mean losing the option to return to before the smoke gambit was enacted.

At the very least, when Aldebaran had willingly exited the forest, Felt had not gone forth with the strategy of smoking them out. Of course, in that case it would have ended up being a head-on collision with five-hundred people.

Aldebaran: [Which path would be better?]

――Ultimately, Aldebaran’s victory was guaranteed.

He had restrained the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, and had neutralized Natsuki Subaru; not a single person in this world would be able to defeat Aldebaran.

Thus, Aldebaran’s victory was an absolute. ――So, what did he seek outside of victory?

To accomplish that objective outside of victory, which path would have the highest potential?

Yae: [Al-sama, Heinkel-sama will die if you let him go by himself, y’know?]

Aldebaran: [――. Right. Let’s go!]

After a moment’s deliberation, Aldebaran nodded at Yae’s call, and began to run.

Simultaneously, he updated his matrix at that moment, redefining it―― once he prescribed the next starting point, he readily abandoned all attachment to the possibilities that had existed up until a moment prior.

Life was a series of choices. That went not only for Aldebaran, but for everyone.

Most choices were made in an instant, without any looking back on the unchosen alternative. But, that was fine. Aldebaran, too, would do so whenever possible.

What to eat for breakfast tomorrow? Which sock to put on first, the right or the left?

The choices made amidst a battle on which his life was staked, he would treat them as equivalent to trivial choices of that sort. The alternatives he did not choose, the alternatives that were not chosen, there was no sense in clinging to them.

Aldebaran and Natsuki Subaru were merely people who occasionally had more chances than most to cling to the alternatives. ――If he did not make that distinction, he would end up stuck in a standstill for eternity.

Yae: [Heinkel-sama, the footing’s getting worse so take a right next. Take care of that big tree please?]

Heinkel: [Don’t say it like it’s so easy! You little…!]

Yae: [Ohh~, amazing! As expected, you’re strong when you’re not against a living being!]

Despite having cut down the large tree as instructed, Heinkel was agitated for some reason, and ground his teeth. Chasing after him, Aldebaran saw the density of the smoke thickening―― by way of the wind, the smoke had begun to enclose on them.

In other words――,

Aldebaran: [――An ambush’s close at hand.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Commanding the ambush unit, Rachins was positioning his battle formation at an exit of the forest.

In all honesty, he was filled with the urge to scream that he had been assigned a duty far beyond his capabilities.

In the first place, the mere fact that Rachins’s life had somehow intersected with things such as the Sword Saint, the Divine Dragon, the Witch of Envy and so on, felt like a nightmare to him.

Rachins: [God fucking dammit… Where the hell did my life take such a messed-up turn?]

Scratching his head furiously, Rachins let out an endless stream of complaints, trampling the grass beneath his boots in frustration.

It was nothing more than a petty act of venting. But, to Rachins’s irritation, the damn weeds only bent softly without breaking or tearing, even as he ground them underfoot. Worse still, they pushed back against his sole, stubbornly asserting their vitality.

They were the very embodiment of weeds, shameless, persistent, unyielding―― among them, Rachins could not help but picture a few familiar faces, prompting a heavy sigh.

Before he knew it, he had walked a great distance from where he had started.

Yet, no matter where the wind scattered their seeds to take root, weeds remained weeds. Their blades might take on a slightly different hue, their stems might grow a little thicker, but a weed would never become a tree or a flower.

Rachins: [Fuck’s sake, so no matter where I end up, I can only ever live the way I know how, huh?]

Rachins had not been told that by anyone in particular, though he felt like everyone had told him the same thing, and so he clicked his tongue. However, unlike his voice from just before, there was no trace of gloom or resentment in that sound.

All that remained was the burden of a troublesome task forced upon him, and the resolve to see it through.

And with that, just when a certain kind of defiance within him had finally settled――,

???: [――Oi, there’s movement!]

The voice that raised the alarm belonged to one of the roughnecks stationed alongside Rachins in the field.

They were people of the Flanders criminal underworld, made of the same stuff as Gaston, Camberley, and Rachins―― no, this lot was even more hardened than them in terms of villainy.

It was strange to be standing shoulder-to-shoulder with them, but here, their familiarity with violence made them dependable.

Drawn in by their reactions, Rachins turned his gaze toward the forest.

If things went according to plan, the helmet bastard and his companions, driven out by the smoke, would burst out from there. Then, crushing them with the power of sheer numbers would be Rachins’s――,

Rachins: [――Huh!?]

The following moment, it was not the helmet bastard that sprang from the forest. ――It was a cannonball.

――No, that was not quite right. To be precise, it was a massive tree, hurled with the force of a cannonball, spinning end over end as it made a mad dash straight for Rachins’s formation.

Rachins: [――――]

The trunk was thicker than Gaston’s torso, and it was over ten meters long―― this unfriendly tree cannonball was barreling straight for the heart of their formation.

Beholding the sight of that, the ruffians shouted, scrambling to flee in a panic.

However――,

Rachins: [――El Goa!]

Boom , a thunderous explosion rang through the sky, and a bright red flower of fire bloomed against the blue.

The incoming tree shattered into countless pieces, and the force of the cannonball that by all rights should have torn a huge hole in their formation was now reduced to something that only hurt a little from the scattered fragments.

And, with his finger pointed skyward, Rachins had made that happen.

Rachins: [You fucks, this ain’t the time to be pissing yourselves! At times like these, the ones who’re scared lose! You’ve all heard that a hundred times, right!?]

Shouting at the bunch who had flinched in the wake of that attack, Rachins drew the knife at his waist. He aimed the blade at the forest and turned his head to look around, asking, “Got that?”.

Frankly, due to his earlier frustration, the roughnecks had been underestimating Rachins, who was in charge of managing this location, and that reflected in their attitude. It was time to wipe that impression away.

Rachins: [You can probably tell if you saw that just now, but we’re the ones who got lucky! The helmet bastard’s coming out of there any moment now. We ain’t got any time to be letting our guard――]

Down ; it happened just before he could finish his sentence.

“Oi!!”, a voice cut through the air, and the roughnecks’ gazes shifted away from him once more. Annoyed, Rachins turned to face forward with anger in his shihaku eyes. [1]

One after another, more giant tree cannonballs, each just as big or even larger than the last one, were flying toward them.

Rachins: [Goddammit it all!!]

Immediately after he cursed, a series of bright explosions bloomed in the sky―― an unexpected defeat blew their formation away.

Rachins could only watch as a large number of the roughnecks were blown away, jostled by the impact, after which he clicked his tongue “Tsk” and raised his knife towards the woods again.

The situation had dizzyingly changed. If the opponent were to continue procuring locally-sourced ammunition, it would be Rachins and his group the ones left to another’s mercy.

Rachins: [――LET’S GO, HURRY YOUR ASSES UP!!]

Roaring so loud that he felt his voice might crack, Rachins charged in with a battle cry.

Doing so would rouse their fighting spirit. ――Not his own fighting spirit, but that of those around him.

As was often the case in commonplace street brawls between ruffians, it was bad to be the first one hit.

Strangely enough, no matter how vicious a person might have been, their strength would plummet the moment they got hit. The idea that the more wounded and bloodied someone got, the stronger they became was just that, an idea; in reality, humans only became weaker as damage accumulated.

The same applied to one’s feelings. At that moment, Rachins’s side had taken the first hit in quite an unexpected way. That weakness caused by taking the first hit, needed to be overwritten with momentum.

And so――,

???: [RAHHHHHHH!! CHAAAAAARGE!!]

The hot-blooded and simple-minded crowd was easily inspired by Rachins’s emotion-filled voice.

They furiously ran after Rachins’s lead, and with weapons in hand, they began closing in on the woods, and closing in, and closing in. Feeling them at his back, Rachins would provide them further support with his next act――,

Rachins: [――AL GOA!!]

Hand aimed at the heavens, Rachins performed the incantation in a bloodcurdling shout.

In an instant, a gigantic fireball was born above Rachins’s head―― it was a Goa-type spell of the Fire attribute, of which the degree of power had surpassed the basic, El, and Ul classes by going straight to Al class, the highest tier.

Anyone who possessed even a passing knowledge of magic would have known this, but it was a great achievement on Rachins’s part to recite the incantation, and succeed in producing an enormous flame.

The morale of the ruffians rose visibly, and Rachins gave the fireball momentum by shooting it into the sky, deliberately sending it high up into the air.

Naturally, the next group of fallen trees shot out from the forest were aimed towards that fireball.

No matter how many trees were incinerated, the opponent would stop at nothing to block that fireball――,

Rachins: [Duuumbass.]

Rachins mocked his opponent by sticking out his tongue, decorated with a colorful ring at the tip, with a “Behhh”.

The large tree cannonballs had been fired from the forest in vigorous succession, but most of them ended up missing their target. That was because the first shot had shattered the Al Goa―― which, in reality, was just a flattened and stretched out Goa, a papier-mâché just for show, and the remaining shots merely dug pointlessly into the plain.

All in an effort to reduce the damage received by Rachins and his group of ruffians, by having the enemy waste ammunition attempting to intercept the faux Al Goa.

The plan had succeeded, and Rachins and the group of roughnecks charged into the woods all at once.

Rachins: [The first shot took us by surprise, and sorta reduced our power, but…!]

Still, with Rachins’s support, the group of fifty ruffians charged in nearly unscathed.

And then――,

???: [――Ah~, geez, didn’t you only get in because Heinkel-sama got flustered~?]

The moment he heard that sweet, relaxed voice of a woman, Rachins’s feet stopped.

A bad feeling had taken over his whole body, and he instinctively stopped dead in his tracks―― such was not the case. It was true that a bad feeling had taken over his body, but he did not stop of his own volition.

In an instant, he had lost all freedom of movement. Moreover, it was not just Rachins.

The same had happened to the fifty ruffians who had charged into the woods with Rachins all at once.

And, the perpetrator of that act was――,

???: [No matter how good I might be at fighting many-on-one, there’s such a thing as a limit, really.]

So said the red-haired woman, who looked down through the gaps in the trees at Rachins and his group, who had been stopped in their tracks.

A slender woman in a maid’s uniform with a somewhat wafuu design was watching the immobilized men who were shouting in confusion and anger. ――From midair.

The woman’s figure was high up in the trees. However, she was not using a tree trunk or branches as a foothold. She stood tall and proud in seemingly empty space, smiling as she watched Rachins and his group, who had lost their ability to move.

This was what Rachins had discerned, only able to move his head and eyeballs.

Yae: [After all, I can only tie together abou~t a hundred people at once, yeah?]

That this woman, whose outrageous combat abilities could be rivaled only by her even more terrifying personality, was accompanying the helmet bastard whom they were supposed to defeat.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Utilizing the trees that Heinkel had cut down, it was an attack that ought to be called a fallen tree cannon.

In order to implement such a thing without the use of the Divine Dragon’s vast Mana pool, it was necessary to make full use of physical labor on a level incomparable to that of making fried rice with whatever was on hand.

???: [Really now, you’re so rough in how you make use of me, Al-sama. When you combine “cruel” and “usage” you get “exploitation”.]

With the help of Yae, who could not help but complain at every turn, they had raised several of the large trees cut down by Heinkel into the air, creating a launch pad for them.

And in order to actually fire them, Aldebaran mobilized his scientific knowledge to――,

Aldebaran: [Old man, on my signal, pull your arms as hard as you can. As hard as you can.]

Heinkel: [It’s not just that woman, I too have some reservations regarding your attitude there, Aldebaran…!]

Aldebaran: [Remember now, Dragon’s Blood, Dragon’s Blood!]

Heinkel: [――Hk! Just give me the signal already!]

Ultimately, the application of scientific knowledge required an investment in equipment, so Aldebaran had to rely on the physical prowess of Heinkel, whose veins were bulging as a result of poor treatment.

Chased off by the smoke, they continued moving through the forest in a way that kept them falling further into their opponent’s trap. ――Elite troops would naturally be lying in wait outside, ready to clash with Aldebaran’s group.

That was an issue that needed to be reduced to an extent.

Aldebaran: [Old man!]

At the signal, Heinkel grit his teeth and exerted his arms.

The muscles in his arms began to bulge, and even though he was an alcoholic who lamented his lack of talent, he achieved feats of strength in a domain Aldebaran could never reach―― with ferocity, the fallen tree cannon was fired.

First would be a test fire, followed by hitting them with a second and a third; if the opponents thus got out of the way, it would be most satisfactory. Otherwise――,

Aldebaran: [Pull ‘em tight――]

Those brave men would be crushed right in the nose, or so they had expected.

However――,

Yae: [Heinkel-sama got so scared by that fireball… What are you, a beast~?]

The moment the gargantuan fireball appeared in the sky, so large that it could be seen even from outside the forest, an extremely shaken Heinkel had fired the fallen tree cannon without waiting for Aldebaran’s signal.

As a consequence, they had failed to destroy the majority of the enemy, resulting in them storming the forest.

Thus, Yae had been pestering Heinkel.

There was no avoiding that. ――After all, she was the one who had cleaned up the mess resulting from the latter’s mistake.

The enemy force of about fifty men who charged in was halted by Yae’s skill alone. ——By a weapon that had been strung up all across the surrounding area, stretching out from all ten of Yae’s fingers.

That was――,

???: [――Are these… threads?]

Breathing heavily, the man seemed to realize the truth of what had bound his movements―― he was a thug Aldebaran recognized. If he remembered correctly, a former thug currently working for Felt, Rachins.

At Rachins’s words, Yae exclaimed with an “Ohh~” as she floated in the air.

Yae: [How perceptive. Of course, this isn’t just any~ old sewing thread, y’know? This is what’s known as a shinobi technique. Though, I’ve never seen anyone else who can use it except me.]

As Yae spoke, she looked down on the men from high in the air.

Although she appeared to be floating without relying on anything else, in reality she did have a firm foothold. ――Yae’s specialty was the Steel Thread Technique, which she had used to string threads up all throughout the forest.

Aldebaran: [A Thread User, so to speak… amidst the numerous kinds of epic weapons, it’s one that sits near the top of my ranking.]

Yae: [Wow, how rare~. Did you just praise me, Al-sama? Is tomorrow the day spears come raining down?]

Aldebaran: [Don’t worry, I was about to say that just because I like the weapon, the user’s a whole different matter.]

Yae stuck her tongue out at that reply, so without touching on her attitude, Aldebaran looked down upon the enemy below―― having borrowed the power of Yae’s threads to climb atop the trees, he looked down on them.

Even when one strained their eyes, Yae’s steel threads were nigh impossible to perceive. Tightly strung up, they entangled Rachins and the other adversaries in a manner akin to a spider web, completely restraining them.

The ability to freely bundle together and skillfully handle all sorts of things was Yae’s true value.

They had not only used the steel threads to restrain the enemy, but had also been able to come up with a device such as their fallen tree cannon from earlier, where they had tied and raised up the cut-down large trees in such a way that they would be sent flying in a spin when a thread was pulled.

Coiling many threads around Heinkel’s arms, and having him pull them around like a work-horse, was just another job for him as a cog in their contraption.

In any case, relative to the impactfulness of the fallen tree cannon’s appearance, the damages it caused had been minimal. Ultimately, they had ended up passing by most of the enemy, but in reality, if that many people had come freely swinging at him without Yae, Aldebaran would have been in for some exhausting proceedings.

Aldebaran: [When the fight’s not one-on-one , the level of difficulty immediately explodes upwards for me.]

As he had done at Pleiades Watchtower, Aldebaran could handle the tag-team of Garfiel and Ezzo in plain combat, but if there had been one more person there, it would have been a completely different story.

The fact of his victory would not have wavered, but there was easily the possibility that his number of attempts would have changed by an entire degree of magnitude.

In that battle, too, he had done as much as he could to prevent a two-on-one; provoking Garfiel, and guiding him such that it would be a one-on-one in that space.

In a one-on-one, Aldebaran could find a path to victory even against Reinhard.

However, the more the number of opponents increased, the more astronomical a number of attempts he would need in order to find a path to victory.

Hence, Aldebaran was grateful for the presence of Yae, who was much more adept at fighting a large number of people than he was.

And, the value of Yae’s techniques could also be found elsewhere.

Heinkel: [Oi, what are you gonna do with these guys… Are you planning to… kill them all?]

Before he could explain that value, Heinkel voiced a question.

Heinkel, left on the ground as Aldebaran and Yae used the threads to escape into the sky, made a bitter face as he witnessed Rachins and the others entrapped by the steel threads.

Heinkel’s sword would falter when up against somebody powerful, but the reason for his bitter face in that moment was likely one that differed from that sort of cowardice of his.

In response to that cowardice, Aldebaran shook his head, and,

Aldebaran: [Nah, there’s no need to kill them. Rather, it’s smarter to leave them wounded. The dead won’t be paid any mind, but the living will need to be treated. This way’ll leave the opponent with less hands to spare.]

Heinkel: [I, see. Yeah. That’s right, I was just thinking the exact same thing.]

Yae: [Oh my, when you two old misters come to an understanding like that, Yae-chan feels left out.]

It was clear that upon hearing Aldebaran’s response, Heinkel felt relieved. Nonetheless, perhaps not touching upon that fact was Yae’s own sort of compassion.

In truth, it was essential for Aldebaran’s party to weaken the enemy’s forces. For that purpose, they would have to act wisely instead of recklessly taking their opponent’s lives.

That was why――,

Rachins: [Heh.]

Heinkel: [Ahh? What? Feeling relieved now that you hear you’re being spared, punk?]

Rachins: [And which one of us is really feeling relieved here, you drunkard…? Seriously, the hair and the look in your eyes, even the parts outside of that, you really resemble him, that fucker.]

Heinkel: [――――]

Flashing his teeth in a smile, the thug―― no, Rachins glared at Heinkel. Rather than his threatening stare, it was the contents of Rachins’s words that silenced Heinkel.

From his reaction, Aldebaran judged that he ought not let that conversation progress any further. In order to interject, he leaned over from a thread wound around the trees――,

Rachins: [Also, that goes for you too, helmet bastard!]

Aldebaran: [Oh?]

Rachins: [Both this drunkard and you, you’re too relaxed. You need a taste of s’more hardships, duuumbass.]

Being called names, he was involuntarily taken aback by the irrelevancy and lack of substance contained in those words.

But, right away, he realized that Rachins did not bear the eyes of a man who did things without meaning. The moment he realized, Aldebaran was made aware that the goal had been to take him aback.

Thus, he was too late. And the compensation for his tardiness, was paid immediately.

???: [――What, dull as a pig, you are.]

After all, the arrival of that voice was coincident with the fist of the King Pig crushing Aldebaran, caught in a distracted moment as he was, with a punch that felt akin to getting hit by a cannon.

Translation notes:

[1] “Shihaku”, literally “four whites eye” are a way to describe eyes in which the sclera can be seen above, below and to the sides of the iris. This is in contrast to “sanpaku”, literally “three whites eye”, which describe eyes in which the sclera can be seen above and to the side of the iris (for example, Subaru’s eyes are commonly described like this).

--- Chapter 20: How to Use a Life ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

A streak of light pierced the pitch-blackness, and a flicker of hope filled their heart.

The inevitable end that loomed just ahead felt like it could be resisted, pushed away, escaped, which filled their heart with hope.

However, that’s wrong, you are not that strong.

I had thought, I knew that you weren’t strong. ―― I really did.

Without knowing anything about the truth, I just kept pecking away at the seconds you gave me, like a baby bird begging for food, without realizing what was being sacrificed for each second.

???: [Emilia…?]

Your excited heart beat violently as if you were doused with cold water.

From behind the veil as black as darkness itself, a face that should not have been seen peeked through.

Long eyelashes, beautiful amethyst eyes, well-shaped features, pale pink lips, she was so lovely.

Behind that veil, a face that should have been the most detestable was the same as the most beloved.

???: [――Hk.]

With that moment of hesitation, their freedom was stripped away, and even their soul was trapped in a cage of eternal obsession.

The way to reject it is in your hand, that white piece of cloth wrapped in light.

Stop! I yelled, the strongest I ever have.

Make them stop! I implored, the strongest I ever have.

Make it all stop! I begged, the strongest I ever have.

All of it was too late, all of it was beyond my control, all of it was――,

???: [I, no matter what――]

――Will definitely save you.

With that determination and vow within your heart―― “I” killed you, Natsuki Subaru.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Upon impact, Aldebaran’s body was completely crushed as he hovered in the air.

Having relied upon the steel threads wound around the trees to prop him up, his body was struck by a mighty fist that seemed to be around the size of his own head.

Those knuckles, akin to a large boulder, were connected to arms befittingly as thick as logs, and those arms likewise extended out from a torso clad in a bulky, dignified armor of muscle. That body was wrapped in a black suit out of place on the battlefield, worn by an enormous pig-faced man――,

Pig-Face: [You don’t whine like a pig, do you?]

Voicing a worthless joke in a low growl, the pig-faced man snorted his pig-snout.

Standing nigh two meters tall, whilst also weighing in at no less than two-hundred kilograms, pig-face had jumped up into the air, closing in on Aldebaran like a cannonball, striking him with a fierce blow.

A perfectly enacted surprise attack; it was but a miracle that he had not died instantly―― nay, this was no miracle.

???: […In that sorry state, might your arm be headed for tonight’s dinner table?]

To Aldebaran’s side as he basked in the fierce punch, Yae muttered with an emotionless expression.

What she saw in those narrowed eyes of hers, was pig-face’s outstretched arm―― the fist that had slammed into Aldebaran was being diced up from the finger upwards.

Yae’s steel wires, strung up throughout the air, had caught pig-face’s fist head-on, and with the brute strength of his huge body, he had hewn his own arm on the tenacious steel wire.

Consequently, Aldebaran had escaped an instant death, and pig-face had lost an arm.

However――,

Pig-Face: [I suppose so. I’ll feed it to my underlings as a show of gratitude. Though their diets are unbalanced and full of fat.]

Yae: [Kyaa~, I love demi-human jokes that make fun of their own tribe! By the way, I recommend stewing meat that’s high in fat.]

Pig-Face: [Very well, we’ll stew it in a pot of your blood.]

Both pig-face, having lost an arm, and Yae, whose trump card had been surmounted by sheer force, were calm on the surface, but fostered an extremity of murderous intent in their eyes, exchanging it tactfully.

Doing so, they conversed on a level above that of those released from the yoke of common men, but Aldebaran, who remained on a level below, was already at his limit.

His body leaned against a large tree as he slid on the thread without falling, and unable to manifest the strength to support himself, he entered free fall.

He had escaped an instant death, but unfortunately his head had been smashed in, and within his helmet were likely various things sloshing around that must not be spilled outward.

Of course, since he could not progress any further in such a state――,

Aldebaran: [ Yaeh .]

Like so, he called out to Yae with lips unable to articulate properly.

The next instant, a steel thread wrapped around Aldebaran’s neck as he plummeted, and braced taut―― as his field of vision greatly snapped, Aldebaran’s head bid a tearful farewell to his body.

To ensure he would not suffer an unexpected defeat, even if Aldebaran failed to take his own life, he had arranged for Yae to function as a safety valve to activate his Authority.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Simultaneous to ascertaining this method’s effectiveness, Aldebaran witnessed the world spinning around him, and focused his mind on “what lay ahead”.

And then――,

Aldebaran: [ Nekst .]

×　　×　　×

???: [――AL GOA!!]

An incantation that rang out as an angered bellow, and following that, the bright red swell of a second sun―― or rather the papier-mâché fireball that feigned itself so had the faint spread of its flames be as frail as the paper nets used in goldfish scooping.

At a closer look, it lacked sufficient control, and if they had just waited three short seconds, it would scatter and disappear, such was the shoddiness of this masquerade―― however, when thrown into the midst of a hecticly progressing battle on a makeshift battlefield, it worked as a fine stratagem.

Aldebaran: [Old man! That’s a fake――]

Heinkel: [Uwoahhhhhh!!]

As a corollary of that, and since it was right after he returned, Aldebaran’s call for restraint did not make it in time.

Alarm bells ringing in his head, Heinkel panicked and pulled on the steel threads, firing the loaded fallen tree cannons one after another directly towards the faux Al Goa.

Since he could not stop it, the outcome of that remained the same. ――Internally, he clicked his tongue. Not at Heinkel who had been unable to listen, nor at Rachins who had covered up his inexperience with guts; he was angry at himself for messing up.

As of its explosion, lackluster as it was betraying its appearance, the two people other than the cheating Aldebaran were likewise made aware of the enemy’s masquerade.

Regardless of his lamentation, it was already too late, and unable to stop the vigor of the incoming enemies, Aldebaran relied on Yae’s strength, thwarting their charge with a cage of steel threads as they had done before.

However, to make sure that this time did not end up the same as the last, he did not escape up into the trees, but instead deliberately jumped backwards, and changed course to standing beside Heinkel.

Thus, this time would――,

???: [――What, dull as a pig, you are.]

He had been readied for the blow to come, but it had arrived from directly above him together with some cruel dark humor. Socked right in the head by an intense strike, Aldebaran’s head was buried in the dirt floor of the forest.

He had changed his position. He had exercised caution. And yet, it had all been painted over by an attack from above.

Heinkel: [Wha, ah!? Where the hell did… Gohakh !]

???: [Don’t cry like a pig. You’ll be put on display at the butcher’s.]

Flying in with the force of a missile, while bearing wounds all over his body from the steel threads, the bloodied pig-faced man swung his arm, slamming Heinkel, unable to do a thing, into a large tree behind him.

Buried in the ground, it seemed like Aldebaran’s spine had been broken, his resolve to fight unable to reach his limbs. It sounded like Yae had jumped down and had begun to clash with pig-face, but he could not even lift his head to watch that unfold.

Only, a suspicion in need of verification was born. ――Whether he was in the air, or on the ground, pig-face would somehow come to strike Aldebaran first.

Carrying naught but that information――,

Aldebaran: [――Next.]

Before he could analyze Yae in the air, Aldebaran swallowed his poison on his own.

A fierce, sweltering heat lethally scorched Aldebaran to naught from his throat and organs――,

×　　×　　×

???: [――AL GOA!!]

???: [Uwoahhhhhh!!]

Fearful of the fake sun, a futile resistance was fired in the form of large trees; with that in the corner of his eyes, Aldebaran quickly examined his surroundings, and searched for a new place to take refuge that was neither in the air nor on the ground.

Verification, was necessary. ――To ensure he did not relinquish what little chance of a best course of action he had.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Seventy-three times.

The matrix resumed from the point when the faux Al Goa was launched into the sky; what Aldebaran had grasped from performing verification on this from various angles, was that no matter where he tried to run or hide, the pig-faced man’s burly arm would reliably come to pulverize him each and every time.

That was to say――,

Aldebaran: [My exact position’s being leaked.]

Regardless if he was beside Yae or beside Heinkel, if he was on the ground or floating in the air or in the shade of a tree or if he tried to get away from the battlefield, Aldebaran could not escape the pig-faced man’s fist.

A punch enacted with the resolve to lose an arm was difficult to defend against even with Yae’s Steel Thread Technique. ――Of course, if it was just a matter of surviving the first blow, such a feat would be possible via the combination of Yae’s steel threads and Aldebaran’s magic.

However, even if he withstood a single punch, there remained another arm, and two legs if necessary. And, pig-face was made of such mettle that he would always kill his opponent, no matter how many limbs he lost.

Neither pain nor loss would serve as a reason for pig-face to halt his step.

Having said that, even when Aldebaran made an effort to extract a little personal information out of him――,

Pig-Face: [――Don’t pipe and squeal like a little piggy.]

Pulverized by that brief utterance, he was not willing to listen in the slightest.

From Aldebaran’s experience, the most troublesome opponents were those who had fully decided what they needed to do, hardened in their resolve, and stubbornly unwilling to budge.

Against people like this, Aldebaran’s trial and error would lose all meaning. After all, people who had decided to kill him no matter what they were offered in exchange, would assuredly kill him, no matter what he might offer in exchange.

Hence, in order to greatly shift the circumstances, he needed an impetus that would bring about a great shift.

Aldebaran: [First of all, how’s he getting ahold of my location?]

In order to relentlessly pursue Aldebaran, and reliably kill him, some sort of method was being employed.

To begin with, despite having used the Divine Dragon as a diversion, it was unnatural that Aldebaran’s party was being chased around in the forest like this.

If he did not expose the method that perfected this encirclement here and now, then even if he evaded pig-face, and set Felt’s group out of the way, a second and a third arrow would be fired, and his seven days would be squandered.

In order to prevent that from happening――,

Pig-Face: [――What, dull as a pig, you are.]

As pig-face’s familiar yet worthless joke arrived alongside his fist, this time Aldebaran’s cervical vertebrae was shattered after he had attempted to use Rachins as a meat shield.

Side note, just before his stream of consciousness was cut off, he caught in the corner of his eye a glimpse of Rachins suffering miserably as he was caught up in the blow――,

×　　×　　×

???: [――AL GOA!!]

???: [Uwoahhhhhh!!]

The feigned great magic rose into the sky, and with alarm bells ringing in his head, Heinkel acted immediately.

Catching the familiar sight of the fireball’s explosion in the corner of his eye, Aldebaran summoned Yae, who wore an astonished expression at Heinkel’s rash behavior, and tightened a string different to the one for the cage that would have welcomed Rachins and the others.

A new steel thread launchpad, after firing many fallen trees up until this point, what it launched next was――,

Aldebaran: [PUUULL!!]

Bewildered, Heinkel did as he was told and pulled the thread, his mind having fallen into a state incapable of thinking. With the propulsion gained from his remarkable physical strength, it was the duo of Aldebaran and Yae who drew a parabola as they flew into the sky.

Feeling as if he had been released from the forces of wind and gravity, Aldebaran soared over the treetops with Yae clutched in his single arm, fleeing from the battlefield onto which Rachins and his squadron were storming.

Left by his lonesome in that place, Heinkel would likely be mobbed by Rachins and the others, but this attempt was a throwaway in order to ascertain something he wished to ascertain.

Amidst this verification, he would turn a blind eye to Heinkel’s noble sacrifice.

Yae: [Don’t bite your tongue, please~!]

As he glanced back at Heinkel, feeling guilty for deserting him, Yae swung her arms while held in his arm.

Her wrists were slender, and upon each of her even more slender fingers were fitted undecorative rings, from which superfine threads of steel extended, barely visible even to strained eyes.

The shinobi were known to possess preeminent abilities, and among them she was the only one who had mastered the Steel Thread Technique―― maneuvering it to perfection, Yae affixed threads to the trees ahead of them as they soared, and they rapidly gained distance as they drew arcs swinging on ropes like Tarzan.

However――,

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Swinging with all their might, Aldebaran and Yae went through the escape path that had been guided by the smoke―― that was to say, a region still mercilessly enshrouded in white fumes.

Forcing their way through with steel threads, Aldebaran and Yae went against the current of the white smoke that had chased them out, flying to ascertain one final thing after a series of verifications.

Only, even if they crossed distance at a speed incomparable to that of running on the ground, the only chance they had to breathe was at the highest point of their swing, the moment in which they broke past above the treetops, outside the smoke.

Moreover, the more they progressed the more difficult that became, and as the smoke grew taller and more dense, the agony that gave no quarter began to encroach on his lungs, his eyeballs, his every membrane.

If they recklessly swung around like this, setting aside the superhuman that was Yae, Aldebaran, equipped with naught but mediocre specs, would be done in by the smoke immediately.

Hence, he would have to carefully determine their destination, or else――,

Aldebaran: [――Northwest.]

Bringing his mouth up to Yae’s ear as she extended steel threads and swung, he directed her so.

His target was northwest, no doubt about it. ――After all, he had already checked all the other directions.

Unable to draw out the right answer until the very end of the end, luck had truly abandoned him in all regards. Not once in his whole life had he ever thought himself blessed by fortune.

Aldebaran: […No, there was just one time.]

――The fact that he had happened upon her , was undoubtedly Aldebaran’s one and only fortune. Even now that he had lost her, he did not think that meeting her had been a mistake.

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Enduring the strong emotions surging up in his chest, he firmly clenched his teeth, and in that moment the situation changed.

Tearing through the white smoke in their swing, the moment they broke out above the trees, throwing stones came flying from outside the smoke at a ferocious pace, aimed at the airborne Aldebaran and Yae.

Simple stones, as a barrage of them closed in with ridiculous strength, Aldebaran promptly created a wall of earth, overcoming the first wave by sheer force.

But, the stones would likely only continue to come. So, before that could happen, he would split off.

Yae: [――Al-sama!!]

Yae’s shrill voice reverberated in his helmet, and feeling his eardrums go numb, Aldebaran lost his connection to her midair, and was thrown high up into the sky.

At the highest point of their swing, he was sent flying even higher up by Yae.

Aldebaran: [OHHHHHH――!!]

Bellowing, he covered his frontside with an earthen wall as he soared, charging to meet the stones head-on.

Having lost his stability, he could not make the earthen wall thick or weighty, so it was brittle; it would not protect him any more than a blanket would against the oncoming stones.

But, even so, Aldebaran had escaped the white smoke, and had once again exited the forest.

He had escaped to the plain where he had first received the declaration of war, and had basked in a thorough blow from Grassis, who thus succeeded in her vengeance for her elder sister.

And, present there just as Aldebaran had hoped――,

???: [――Come ta subdue the leader on yer own, have ya? Ain’t that a piss-poor plan ya’d arrive at faster by countin’ up from yer worst options?]

Below Aldebaran as he flew out from the white smoke, the bald old giant spoke while looking up at him. ――A person whose long, burly arms of a giant, were equipped with gauntlets each fitted with several Conversation Mirrors.

Witnessing that, it finally clicked. ――All of these traps had been schemed by this old giant.

Aldebaran: [So you were the brain …!]

There was far too much of a gap between his appearance and the image of his position, so he never would have guessed.

Rachins’s appearance was very much like a thug, but Aldebaran would have been less surprised to hear that he was the military strategist. Normally, giants were in charge of the front lines, where they could best leverage their physical attributes. For one to work as the brain―― this also went for Ezzo, but for that to have been the case for both a dwarf and a giant was too much.

As his head flooded with such useless badmouthing, Aldebaran realized.

Aldebaran: [Lil’ Miss Felt――]

Was nowhere to be found on the plain. ――This, too, was a serious blow to Aldebaran.

Naturally, putting an end to this battle by completely wiping out five-hundred enemies was by no means realistic. Hence, as an objective that was possible to achieve, capturing Felt had always been present in Aldebaran’s mind. That possibility had been completely blocked by the opposition.

It was a matter of course, but the most obvious victory condition for him, would also have been the most obvious defeat condition for the opposition. Loathe to say, it made sense for Felt to fall back.

Aldebaran: [Shit.]

Aldebaran’s victory would not waver. That was settled.

Therefore, all that remained was to search for the key to victory, and yet.

???: [You, don’t be looking off to the side now!!]

Aldebaran: [――Hk!]

The moment he updated his victory condition in his head, an impact pierced him from directly above that head of his.

The audible voice was thick, but the words cast to him were not the familiar joke of pig-face. From what he could see, it was the thug with the large build―― Gaston, who had jumped up to Aldebaran’s flank, above even the white smoke, and had joined his hands together to swing down and deliver a crushing blow.

Aldebaran: [ Seri… ously…? ]

At the attack of an opponent who had unmistakably mastered the Flow Method, Aldebaran cried out in pain.

The Flow Method could not be mastered by any ordinary training, and was the barrier that determined whether one could become a first-rate warrior. At the addition of a threat who could wield that technique, Aldebaran revised his evaluation of the opponent whose strength he had underestimated.

As he revised it, that strike knocked him into the ground.

Aldebaran: [ Gah, guohhhh …!]

Immediately failing to brace himself, his clumsy impact to the ground fractured his right elbow. In agony over the pointless pain induced by the broken bone piercing through his flesh and skin, Aldebaran grazed his helmet across the ground.

It hurts, it hurts, hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts, hurts, it hurts, but I’ve seen, what I wanted to see.

Aldebaran: [From here on out, it’ll be a battle of wits, between you, and me… Hk.]

Grinding his teeth to the extent that they cracked, with the sensation of magnifying anguish as the smoke permeated his lungs, he opened the package of poison with his tongue in a motion he was well accustomed to.

The smoke was far too thick, and it was quite possible that he might almost cough out the poison. By no means did he think that old giant had aimed that far, but the fact that he was having so many unfavorable draws was a problem.

He had no choice but to overcome this unfavorable tide. Thus, searching for the path to victory that ought to have been somewhere, searching, searching searching searching searching searchingsearchingsearchsearchsearchsearchsearsearsearchch―― ah .

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――No need to add anymore pyro tree logs. Any further and there’s a fear that the opponent could take advantage of it. It’ll be just right if they find our plan a little unsatisfactory.]

Instructing the end of the strategy to drive them out with smoke, Valga Cromwell―― no, the former Great Strategist of the Demi-Human Alliance now known as Rom-jii, worked his elderly head as hard as he could.

Completing the encirclement of the deceased Priscilla Barielle’s former Knight, who had won himself the popular nickname of “Helmet Bastard”, all that remained was to carefully reel the opponent in. However, they needed to be on guard.

This opponent had devised a plan that employed the Divine Dragon Volcanica and the Witch of Envy to suppress the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea. He could not help but admire such an ingenious scheme.

But then again, the presence of such a dangerous and cunning “enemy” was exactly what Rom-jii had hoped for.

Many giants were of an exceedingly belligerent and rough nature, and their instincts sought battles of boiling blood and throbbing flesh―― it was not for any such foolish reason.

What he desired was a peril that shook the Kingdom, and the prestige of removing its presence.

――For Felt to win and advance in the Royal Selection, she was in need of renown gained in the absence of the Sword Saint.

The Royal Candidates repelling the great cataclysm brought about by the Witch Cult in the Watergate City of Pristella was an event still fresh in his memory, but the result of that had been the stocks of each of the five candidates rising by an equal amount.

Their relative standings in the Royal Selection would not change. Hence, Felt would need to gain achievements independently.

The actions of this helmet bastard were capable of shaking not just the Royal Selection, but the entire world, and thus would prove sufficient for such an achievement.

Rom: [‘Course, Felt prolly ain’t thinkin’ ‘bout that sorta thing.]

After all, the reason Felt stood to take on the helmet bastard right here right now, was not for any long-term outlook that included such calculations, but because she had the power to fight off the imminently approaching peril; that, and for the sake of her one and only Knight, who bore the duty of being the first one to hasten into such situations.

Hence, it was fine that the only ones scheming to benefit from this situation later were himself, who was rather underhanded in contrast to his large body, and the dirty adults who controlled the criminal underworld.

The three notorious organizations of the Ground Dragon Capital of Flanders, the Balance, the Flower Prison Garden, and the Black Silver Coin; by putting their ruffians to use, they would secure fruits of battle to win the crown for Felt.

――Initially, Rom-jii had taken a firm stance against Felt participating in the Royal Selection, against her getting involved in the center of something as large as the Kingdom of Lugunica.

For Rom-jii, who knew about Felt’s birth, about the karma of the blood that ran through her veins, it was a matter of course.

On the other hand, however, Rom-jii had continued to keep Felt in the Royal Capital. If he had felt so inclined, there had always been the option to bring Felt far out to live in the remote countryside before she gained awareness of herself or her surroundings.

Nevertheless, Rom-jii had not done so. He thought that likely, that had been due to a premonition he had fostered deep down in his heart. ――That a large, unavoidable undulation would eventually catch up to them both.

When that time came, if he could be by Felt’s side, he would wield his pointlessly large body to its utmost capability, and carry out the duty of shield or armor or aught else required.

However, there was a sufficient possibility that he would be unable. He had grown old. He could not yet feel any pressing emaciation, but even if he was a giant, it would be no strange affair for death to come knocking on his door hereafter.

For that reason, it was necessary. A guarantee that Felt―― that his adorable grandchild would be protected for the rest of eternity, was necessary.

If the promissory note for that meant the apex of the Kingdom, he would crown Felt himself.

For that purpose, he would not hesitate to once more swing the baton of command he had vowed to never swing again.

Rom: [Tho’ compared ta the past, my chances’ve decreased an awful lot… ta this day, the nightmares won’t lemme go.]

Almost half a century had passed, and the Demi-Human War was a distant memory.

Even so, throughout that long, long time, the embers of regret had only continued to simmer in a pot within Rom-jii. When he gained a chance to see the light of day, the lid of that pot was opened.

Back then, the foolish Valga Cromwell had been insufficient. ――Time had made up for that foolishness of his, and while his asininity remained unchanged, Rom-jii would wield his intellect.

That was to say――,

Rom: [This here’ll be a battle of wits between the helmet bastard and myself.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Are these… threads?]

The moment Rachins charged into the forest, his whole body was immediately entangled and restrained in extremely fine steel threads; as he spat out his frustrations, Aldebaran listened to him from a position within arms reach.

Aldebaran had deliberately exposed his position to his opponents, beckoning the enemies to rush toward him, ensnaring them right in his trap.

At the hand of Yae’s Steel Thread Technique, fifty-two enemies were bound.

He had already been associating with these enemies long enough that he had finished counting them all, but of course, it was not as though Yae had subdued them through simple physical strength.

Yae: [As you can see here, Yae-chan has slender arms, y’know? By using nearby trees, other obstacles, or even the bodies of the people in question as fulcrums, I’m suspending these guys with their feet still touching the ground.]

And so, Yae disclosed the trick that had been performed, but the gist of it was still unclear to those who had heard it.

At any rate, Rachins and his group were trapped in a web of steel threads coiled around many times over, and it would be nearly impossible for them to escape against Yae’s will; so long as that fact was clear, it was top-notch work.

On top of that, receiving a glare from the shihaku eyes of Rachins, who was powerless to move even with his target right before him, Aldebaran forcefully laid his hands on Rachins’s clothing and rummaged around in his pockets.

Rachins: [W-what the hell, you fuck!? I ain’t into this kinda thing…!]

Yae: [Wo~w, how bold of you, Al-sama! No wonder that you never seemed interested in Yae-chan no matter how much I enticed you. Coincident with this newfound understanding, my pride as a woman is rapidly being restored…]

Aldebaran: [Stop screwing around! There’s a mirror! Find the mirror! One of them has it… Old man, you search too!]

Holding down Rachins as he writhed in an attempt to escape, Aldebaran yelled at Yae and Heinkel, who then began shuffling through the belongings of the immobilized men, searching for the Conversation Mirror.

――The speed and accuracy of the transmission of information had the capability to change the nature of war.

Such a thing had been used in all manners of fiction from all over the world, past and present, but this concept that he had previously only vaguely understood at face value had finally hit home for Aldebaran.

The old giant, who served as the brain of this operation, had prepared gauntlets fitted with a multitude of Conversation Mirrors.

With that, the old giant had become the central commander of the group, and by exchanging information in real time, he was able to control all five-hundred fighters at will. If Aldebaran’s location and number of allies continued to be leaked in this way, his group would never have a moment to catch their breaths.

Therefore, it was essential to ensure that they shattered each unit’s Conversation Mirrors.

To that end――,

Aldebaran: [――Found it!] Heinkel: [――Found it!] Yae: [――Found it!]

Finding the sensation he sought at his fingertips, Aldebaran pulled it out and held it aloft, cheering―― but, his joy was drowned out by the voices of the other two, which were raised nearly simultaneously with his.

Letting out a “Ah?”, Aldebaran turned around and saw Yae and Heinkel, who had been conducting a search of the other ruffians while he was groping Rachins, staring with their eyes wide open.

――Both of them were holding a small mirror in their hands.

Aldebaran: [Conversation Mirrors are Meteors that can be replicated, but the cost would still be stupidly expensive…]

He understood why Rachins, who was most likely the commander of this unit, would have one.

He also understood why his aide would have one, not wanting to leave communications to the commander alone. But, he did not understand why anybody else would be carrying one.

No matter what, it would have been impossible to equip the vast majority of a military force with Conversation Mirrors.

In other words, these were――,

Aldebaran: [――Are these… dummies ?]

Rachins: [Duuumbass.]

At Aldebaran’s dumbfounded mutter, Rachins stuck out his tongue and fired an insult at him.

Seeing the colorful ring swaying on the tip of that long tongue, Aldebaran reflexively used his own tongue to unwrap the package of poison hidden behind his molar. ――It was at that moment.

???: [――What, dull as a pig, you are.]

The poor joke that he had heard so many times that calluses were starting to form on his ears arrived alongside a punch, and Aldebaran could not distinguish whether it was the impact or the poison that had ended his life.

Only, the thoughts that came to his mind were not vulgar curses towards that pig-face, but rather――,

Aldebaran: [That shitty old geezer.]

It was an insult that amounted to nothing more than praise for an adversary who was pulling the strings of a plan that was not just formidable, but downright unreasonable.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Are these… threads?]

The feint achieved by masquerading a Goa as an Al Goa had succeeded, allowing Rachins to charge at the enemy with minimal damage received from the fallen tree cannon. Having realized that he had been immobilized by threads fine to the point of being nigh invisible, he could not hide his astonishment.

Had he been the only one ensnared, he could have still forced himself to accept it.

However, it was not solely Rachins who had been immobilized, but also the fifty ruffians who had charged into the woods with him.

Were he to try implementing something like this himself, the mere thought of recreating the intricate geometry of the cage of wires set up in the forest within his mind would have made him give up. That was how extraordinary this feat had been.

But, what was far more astonishing to Rachins, even beyond the woman who had bound him in thread――,

???: [――Sorry, but I’ll be shattering that.]

With those words, the helmet bastard searched the breast pocket of one of the ruffians―― the man chosen for the duty of being the mirror-bearer, pried out the Conversation Mirror, and dropped it on the ground, readily crushing it underfoot.

Rachins: [――Hk, gotta be fucking kidding me.]

As if it were being wrung out of him, anger reflexively spilled out of his mouth, and the threads that constricted Rachins dug even deeper. Rather than a result of his own resistance, it seemed more like a warning from the thread-spinning red-haired woman for his cursing.

However, at this moment, his anger ran far deeper than the shallow cuts from the threads upon his flesh.

Rachins: [What, just what the hell’s going on here!? You fuck, how’d you get it on your first shot…?]

Helmet Bastard: [It wasn’t in one shot. Wasn’t even in ten or twenty shots. My draws, are absolutely pitiful.]

Rachins: [Ahh?]

As the helmet bastard seemed to have no intention of providing a proper response, Rachins firmly grit his teeth.

Through some unknown means, the helmet bastard had seen through the fact that they had established a communication network with Cromwell―― with Rom-jii at its heart, through the use of Conversation Mirrors. Moreover, thoroughly ignoring the decoy mirrors, which would have bought them time even if they had been seen through, he acted in a manner as if he had assuredly taken out the real one.

Despite the warning just a moment prior, Rachins raised his head.

Towards those whom he was powerless against, his surging feelings of inferiority would not allow resignation.

???: [Oi, what are you gonna do with these guys… Are you planning to… kill them all?]

Outside of Rachins’s innermost thoughts, the one who interjected was a middle-aged man of red hair―― Heinkel.

He had heard that this man was Reinhard’s father. Indeed, the red hair, blue eyes, and the excessively lavish Knight’s sword included, there were numerous features reminiscent of House Astrea.

From the moment he had heard that Heinkel had chosen to support a rival candidate, Priscilla, rather than Felt, whom his own son supported, he had thought of him as an idiot who could not make the right choice even regarding where he stood, but he was much worse than Rachins had imagined.

Rachins: [――That braindead moron.]

Rachins hated Reinhard.

In any case, Reinhard likely did not think much of Rachins, but they were similar in that they both had been born into families of a certain status, and both had conflicts with their fathers. Of course, there was a difference in the weight of what their births had burdened them with, and he knew that Reinhard had never considered abandoning what Rachins had so selfishly thrown away.

Born into a noble family, Rachins had run away due to his inability to form an understanding with his family, and somehow or another, he had ended up working for Felt; on the whole, he was a half-hearted person.

But, even if Rachins and Reinhard shared the same troubles, there remained a fundamental difference.

Rachins’s father was a respectable man. He disliked him, but he was respectable.

Rachins: [But, there’s no hope for a fuck like you.]

To be so emotionally anguished over a dispute with a father not even worthy of respect, Reinhard was a moron.

Hence, he would remove the reason behind Reinhard’s misery.

Rachins: […Goa.]

Even when tied up, incantations could be performed.

His entire body entangled in the threads, creaking as the Gate within pulsed, Rachins conjured a fireball directly before his face, prompting alarm in the helmet bastard and his gang.

However, what emerged was a tiny clump of fire no bigger than the tip of his thumb.

Heinkel: [Ah, trying to frighten me now? That petty a trick, you think I’d fall for it twice?!]

A faux Al Goa had been cast before him earlier, and out of spite for having been fooled by its appearance, Heinkel, his face red with anger, slashed at the fireball with his Knight’s sword.

For just a moment, that casual flash of the sword seemed so refined to the point of searing itself into his eyes, but that was fine.

Right now, what was more important than such deep impressions――,

Rachins: [Duuumbass.]

Sticking out his tongue and hurling derisive insults with the best sneer he could muster, took priority.

――He had stretched a Goa out thin to masquerade it as an Al Goa. Then, in a similar vein, an Al Goa could be masqueraded as a mere tiny fireball.

???: [Rachins-kun, you may not have any outstanding talent, but you have a firm foundation. Steady progress will assuredly grant you the power to reach wherever you wish to get to.]

Ezzo had introduced Rachins to magic, and remembering all the times he had been lectured by him with an arrogant pomp despite his short stature, Rachins apologized to him internally with an uncharacteristic “Sorry”.

Ignoring his firm foundation, and misusing magic by skipping tiers, was first on the list of things that would upset Ezzo.

But, since he would have never gotten another opportunity, it was something like his own excuse――,

Rachins: [――――]

The fireball basked in the tip of the sword and unraveled amidst the air, releasing the enormous firepower compressed within, and a hellish inferno that would incinerate the area in one fell swoop spread explosively.

Just before being swallowed by the flames himself, Rachins found that he was no longer filled with the lament of “Where the hell did my life take such a messed-up turn?” from mere moments ago, and he could not help but feel a bit strange.

And just like that, even wearing a smile upon his face, Rachins’s body was engulfed in the flames――,

Helmet Bastard: [That will be as far as you go.]

The flames he had staked his life on, which ought to have activated, were crushed in the hand of the helmet bastard, who had intervened as if he had known it would happen, and its firepower failed to be unleashed.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Two-hundred sixty-four times.

???: [―――――]

The steel threads binding him having caused his body to lose its strength, Rachins hung his head, looking as if he had given up.

But, such a thing was unthinkable. Rachins would absolutely never give up on defeating his opponent, even in this situation.

Hence――,

Aldebaran: [That will be as far as you go.]

Upon speaking it, he recalled how vexing it sounded, and internally he clicked his tongue.

Outside of his loathsome emotions, Aldebaran pushed Heinkel aside, and the Goa he had carelessly sliced apart―― no, this time the activation of that great magic in disguise was thwarted.

The large firepower that was going to rise into the air, attempting to scorch the whole expanse, was undone at its formation; while still nothing more than a kindling, it vanished as Mana that had lost its direction.

If he did not preempt this, the mighty flame would have scorched the whole area, Aldebaran’s party would suffer tremendous damage, and the battle would be unable to continue.

He felt sorry for Rachins’s resolve, who was about to stake his life on a desperate suicide bombing, but trying to accomplish something by laying down one’s life, was the most meaningless action to perform in front of Aldebaran.

No matter what one might wager their life on, Aldebaran would squander it without exception.

Therefore, it was futile. Staking one’s life, would have no meaning whatsoever.

It was futile. Futile, futilefutilefutilefutilefutilefutilefutile, futile.

Futile, and yet――,

Rachins: [Goa…]

Aldebaran: [STOP!!]

His initial kindling extinguished, Rachins nevertheless performed another incantation; bellowing at him, Aldebaran raised his fist overhead and hammered it into the body of the man incapable of moving.

He socked him right in the cheek, drove a kick into his abdomen, and struck him in the head once more. Unable to brace himself to withstand the impacts, Rachins had to take it all as a punching bag.

Even if Aldebaran was just a second-rate or third-rate warrior, he could overthrow even Garfiel if he pressed his vital points. And yet――,

Rachins: [ Go, a… ]

――Rachins did not cease his incantations.

Aldebaran: [WHY!?]

Once again crushing the kindling as it tried to come alive, he slammed the fist that did so into Rachins.

However, even when hit by a series of punches, the signs of new magic, attempting to interfere with the world, did not cease to be born around Rachins.

That was to say, even if his final stratagem had been seen through, Rachins would never yield.

Yae: [――Al-sama, there’ll be no end to this.]

In Aldebaran’s ear, out of breath as he was, such a voice was gently raised.

Subsequently, the bound Rachins’s head was lifted in front of him, around his neck a steel thread was tightly wound, wringing his slender neck―― not just that, it was starting to attempt to decapitate him.

Yae: [His eyes are speaking. As long as you don’t kill him, he’ll keep doing the same thing over and over. A truly admirable thing. Isn’t that the dearest desire of all boys? In that case…]

Aldebaran: [SHUT UP!]

Yae: [――――]

Moving a raised finger on her right hand, Yae caused a red line of blood to streak down Rachins’s neck. Silencing her, Aldebaran glared directly at Rachins.

With his chin lifted, Rachins gazed at Aldebaran at an angle that seemed to be looking down on him.

And then――,

Rachins: [ Duuumb, ass… ]

Cladding his right hand in a rock protector, Aldebaran struck Rachins firmly with a blow.

Receiving a blow inherently weightier than those that came before, Rachins’s forehead split open, and his blood rapidly scattered. Likely, he had been prepared to kill Rachins with that strike, but――,

Yae: […Spectacularly done~.]

Clapping her hands, Yae commended him whilst looking over Rachins’s limp body.

Even more so than Aldebaran, Yae was sensitive to the life and death of others. To her eyes, it would be apparent that the matter had concluded with Rachins fainting, without losing his life.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Neither that praise, nor the fact that Rachins had merely fainted, would serve as consolation for Aldebaran.

Only, more than he had initially thought, he must not underestimate this number of five-hundred. ――This was not merely a numerical figure, but five-hundred people hardened with the utmost resolve; he must respond to it as such.

Heinkel: [O-oi, Aldebaran…]

Aldebaran: [Sorry, but shut up for a sec.]

Having just defeated Rachins, Aldebaran was met with Heinkel’s voice. But, he had exhausted himself mentally more than he had expected to, to a greater extent than that of merely expanding his territory, and was unable to concern himself with Heinkel at the moment.

Regardless, he had succeeded in shattering the Conversation Mirror, and had eliminated the threat of the first vanguard.

All that remained――,

???: [――What, dull as a pig, you are.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

The arrival of the joke poking fun at their own tribe was well familiar to his ears; however, unlike before, this time it arrived without a fist to accompany it.

But, whether it was fine to thus deem that acceptable, and treat it as a sign that he had overcome a perilous spot, he did not know.

That was because――,

???: [Thoughtlessly stopping in place there, your heads stuffed with pigfood or something?]

As the pig-face man declared so in a weighty voice, he was not alone; similar to how Rachins had been accompanied by a squadron, he did not charge in alone, but instead stood before Aldebaran’s party as the second battle formation.

Aldebaran: [――Expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Thoughtlessly stopping in place there, your heads stuffed with pigfood or something?]

Hearing the voice of the King Pig, Doltero Amule, across one of the Conversation Mirrors fitted to his gauntlets, Rom-jii understood that the helmet bastard had made contact with the second battle formation.

The first contact had been made by Rachins’s unit, so it was fortunate that the battle formation positioned in the nearest location included Doltero, who was the strongest warrior among the line-up they had gathered.

Rom: [――――]

Only, before Doltero could arrive, the helmet bastard had clashed with Rachins, and the well-being of the unit under his command was unknown. Naturally, the same went for their commanding officer, Rachins.

Rather, considering the opponent’s cunning, it would be more apt to consider Rachins to be dead.

Rom: [――Perhaps not.]

Given that a battle had occurred, it was impossible that they had handled the situation without suffering harm.

The ruffians of the criminal underworld were a matter of course, but casualties would also emerge within the Camp. ――It would be foolish to count on the single ray of hope that was present in the report Grassis had received from Flam.

Therefore, Rom-jii put a lid over his own feelings in between blinks, and concentrated on the situation before his eyes.

With Doltero, the helmet bastard and his allies would be killed in the span of a single breath. ――They could not take such an optimistic viewpoint. In a sense, the helmet bastard had led the Sword Saint, Divine Dragon, and Witch of Envy around by their noses, but that feat alone served not as the reason.

Rom: […He shattered the Conversation Mirror in the possession of the mirror-keeper without any hesitation.]

Since that had left them incapable of grasping the movements around Rachins and his squadron, there was no doubt that the opposition had taken the best course of action in order to intercept the flow of information to this side.

However, no matter how one looked at it, the way that this best move was executed had been far too unnatural.

Even supposing they had already surmised the arrangements and configuration of this side’s coordination, that they had been equipped with Conversation Mirrors, their actions that followed were――,

Rom: [As long as they ain’t seein’ inside our heads, or perhaps something else entirely, it oughta be impossible.]

It was all preposterous, a realm of jape that ought to have been ridiculed as impossible.

Nonetheless, having lived over a hundred years, Rom-jii was aware that powers transcending both his common sense and his wildest imagination did exist in this world, and that those who wielded such abilities would indeed come to play upon the same board.

Those who ceased all thought when faced with such beings, deeming it an impossibility, always met the same end.

He could not afford to ever allow such a wretched end to befall the ones he loved.

Rom: [――There’s somethin’ I’d like ta ascertain. All units, change o’ plans.]

Speaking to all of the Conversation Mirrors simultaneously, Rom-jii narrowed his eyes, and formulated a stratagem.

The helmet bastard, he also ought to be aware.

――The fact that, for both their side and the helmet bastard’s side, this battle was a race against time.

--- Chapter 21: Valga Cromwell ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Aldebaran: [――Expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

Dealing with alterations in the situation, second-by-second, moment-by-moment, instant-by-instant, he advanced the world.

For Aldebaran’s Authority, incapable of turning the clock back on a grand scale, this was a gamble that reeled his victory in steadily, but simultaneously posed the risk of definitively relinquishing his victory.

Aldebaran: [――Expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

Step-by-step, move-by-move, action-by-action, he verified, defined, and moved the board towards a checkmate.

The way the highest caliber of warriors would unceasingly and continuously advance in this manner, piling up experience in a world of ceaseless bouts all decided by a single move, he really could not imagine it.

Aldebaran: [――Expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

And that was not limited to just warriors; the highest caliber of intellectuals were the same in the sense of their ability to think in a different dimension.

Rather, since they were not directly involved in practice, they would go without knowing the true fragrance of blood and the pain of wounds, merely constructing the progression of the world within their heads, so there was possibly more of a monstrous sense to them.

In any case――,

Aldebaran: [――Expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

Trampling on the discipline of warriors and the deliberations of intellectuals alike, disregarding the law of reality that dictated an inability to ascertain the results of two different choices simultaneously, Aldebaran would merely snatch victory away even in battles that were to be decided by a single blow. The former had every right to curse, loathe, and scorn his way of being as contemptible.

Let those vilifications of theirs cut into him as much as they liked. In exchange――,

Aldebaran: [――Expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

With this dirty method, he would absolutely seize victory.

×　　×　　×

???: […At this point, I bet you’re hoping for as much amiability as a pig wanting to be fed.]

Wringing out a low, groaning voice, the joke of the pig-faced man―― the King Pig, Doltero Amule, when compared to his previous dignified, despair-inducing ones, came out a husky rasp.

That was only natural. His entire body was covered in lacerations from steel threads, and he was losing copious amounts of blood from his innumerable wounds. Rather, the fact that he was still conscious, and that his face wore no grievous expression, was far more strange.

Aldebaran: [Having come this far, I know you’re not afraid of dying. But, even if you don’t fear death, pain should still be painful, yeah?]

Doltero: [You don’t understand even when saying it yourself? Both death and pain are ultimately things that make us afraid. Then, all we gotta do’s swallow that fear.]

Aldebaran: […I can’t understand you.]

Doltero’s point was that the fear induced by death and the fear induced by pain were one and the same. But, the way Aldebaran saw it, those were different things. The fear borne of death, and the fear borne of pain, were different.

To take it further, since pain was a stimulus to the body, it seemed rather distinct from fear.

Doltero: [――. No matter what you say, it’s the backbiting of a pig.]

Before Aldebaran, white froth emerged in the corners of Doltero’s mouth as he muttered thus.

Around the thick neck of the King Pig, a fine steel wire was wound around several tens of times, applying pressure to his trachea. Doltero had resisted that strangling by slipping two fingers in, but those fingers sunk into his neck and lost their function, and with blood no longer circulating to his brain, his large body finally fell to its knees.

Having fallen to his knees, Doltero was surrounded by the fifty-five collapsed subordinates who had accompanied him.

While taking on this King Pig, he had taken down the other men one-by-one, an effort that had literally broken his bones, cleaved off his flesh, and robbed him of his life numerous times. ――In total, twenty-three thousand and eight times.

With this many attempts, this was among the top echelon of Aldebaran’s veteran history of losing battles.

Of course, one contributing factor was that the organized attacks of the King Pig and his underlings of the Black Silver Coin had been exceedingly thorough, but the primary cause had been Aldebaran’s own lack of talent.

The steel thread entangled around Doltero’s neck was not one that extended out from Yae’s hand, but from the hand of Aldebaran, who had borrowed one of her rings.

Manipulating a steel thread with a single finger, he had closed in on Doltero’s fierce attack one move at a time and affixed a thread to his neck, tying it around to apply as much pressure as he could to that thick neck. ――Amidst this harsh territory, learning the Steel Thread Technique from square one until it was viable for him had required the time of over twenty-thousand attempts.

Doltero: [――――]

Boom , sounded the fist as it vigorously slammed into the ground, Doltero falling completely unconscious.

Even still, the body of the King Pig, who reigned over the criminal underworld, did not topple over sideways; rather, his large body was supported by his own fist pressed into the ground, a demonstration of his dignity. Unbowed, unbent, unbroken.

In spite of being his enemy, he could not help but commend that posture.

Yae: [Haah~, you’re outrageous, Al-sama. I was proud that no~body in the village except me’d been able to learn it, but isn’t this now a disgrace~?]

And, beside Aldebaran as he stood out of breath before the silenced Doltero, Yae, having strung every last adversary aside from Doltero in the air, spoke so.

Her eyes, narrowed like a cat’s, observed Aldebaran’s Steel Thread Technique that had tied up Doltero. Be that as it may, it was impossible for him to easily accept that praise.

Aldebaran: [Don’t be ridiculous. With just a single finger, all the muscles from the top of my head to the tips of my toes are on the verge of cramping. Doing ten times that with ten fingers, are you actually super muscular despite looking so thin?]

Yae: [Eh~, are you taking an interest in what’s under my uniform, Al-sama~? I’ve given you so many chances to check for yourself, and yet you were always so mean as to turn me down.]

Aldebaran: […The ring, let me borrow it for just a little longer.]

Responding to Yae as she mischievously poked fun at him, Aldebaran stroked the ring fitted on the ring finger of his right hand. He had tested it on each finger, but it felt the most intuitive on Aldebaran’s ring finger.

In all honesty, he had been reluctant to put a ring on his ring finger, but he did not have a left hand to begin with. It was nonsensical to bring such emotional obstinancies of a little girl onto a battlefield.

In any case――,

Aldebaran: [Old man, you aight? I didn’t have much leeway to pay attention your way, my bad.]

Heinkel: [N-no, that’s fine. That’s… alright.]

As Aldebaran checked on his well-being, Heinkel choked on his words as he nodded.

During the battle with Doltero, Heinkel, to put it bluntly, had fallen into a useless state of malfunction, but after Yae had tied up the men, he had contributed by knocking them unconscious and breaking the Conversation Mirror of the mirror-bearer, so Aldebaran would acknowledge that he had done his job.

As expected, against a certain level of powerful individuals―― Doltero was a given, but it would be difficult to count Heinkel among their fighting strength when it came time to clash with those in the same ballpark as Gaston. Aldebaran had no intention of reproaching Heinkel, who harbored such a mental fragility.

Everyone had an opponent whom their soul would absolutely refuse to face.

For Yae, that was Aldebaran, and for Aldebaran, that was―― it mattered not.

Heinkel: […Aldebaran, you, what’s really the deal with you?]

Aldebaran: [Hm?]

Heinkel: [You… had absolutely no chance of defeating that pigman. He was someone who utterly exceeded you in both skill and power. And yet, you were the one who won in the end. And mostly unharmed at that, overwhelmingly so.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

With eyes as if he was beholding someone truly august, Heinkel spoke thus to Aldebaran.

Listening to Heinkel’s words, Aldebaran revised his evaluation of him to that of a man who was quite observant.

Perhaps precisely because he had been watching as an onlooker, Aldebaran’s irregularity had left more of an impression.

Neither was it that Aldebaran had grown strong, nor was it that he was a strong match against Doltero. If it must be said, it would have appeared as if he had won by piling up a hundred lucky shots.

Yae: [――He’s a monster.]

Hence, plainly declaring so, and not asking for anything more, Yae’s attitude was rather pleasant.

Answering Heinkel in Aldebaran’s stead, her face bore no semblance of fear or awe. After all, within Yae, her impression of Aldebaran had already been completed.

Yae: [Al-sama, is a monster. We’re working alongside a monster, y’know?]

Heinkel: […I know a lotta people who’re like monsters. But, this guy’s…]

Yae: [There’s a difference between those who are like monsters and actual monsters. Please don’t talk about such shams~.]

Her speech was gentle, her expression a smile; however, her phrasing was neither a confirmation nor a denial.

Overpowered by the calm yet threatening demeanor Yae showed on the surface, Heinkel was at a loss for words.

Aldebaran: [Regardless of whether I’m a monster or not, we’ll proceed from here just as planned. Yae’ll suppress the opponent’s numbers, and I’ll deal with the strong ones. Old man, I’m counting on you to follow my directions, and deal with the mirrors.]

Heinkel: [Y-yeah, got it.]

Yae: [Aye a~ye. As you command, Al-sama~.]

Next to Heinkel as he timidly nodded, Yae lifted her arms in a hurrah, and with a fine movement of her fingertips she controlled her steel threads. Guided by her fingers, the steel threads coiled around the fainted Doltero, binding the limbs of the King Pig that had demonstrated his obstinacy to not collapse, stringing him up in the air with the others.

Even if he understood that it was a safety measure in the case Doltero woke up, it did not feel good. That went not only for Doltero, but for Rachins too, who had needed to be beaten to the point of fainting.

Aldebaran: [My head hurts…]

Frankly, he had underestimated Felt’s group.

Outside of Reinhard, he had thought them all to be non-combatants excluding Ezzo. Still, the old giant himself, Grassis and Gaston, and the main target of Felt were waiting for him――,

Yae: [If you’d just remove that single shackle, Al-sama, I’d be way more effective, y’know?]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Yae: [This goes without saying, but… rather than tying them up, I’m better at strangling people to death, this little ol’ me.]

Every so often, for various reasons Yae would speak words to tempt Aldebaran, but even more so than when those whispers tried to lure him to the bedroom, these struck Aldebaran’s eardrums in a much more alluring manner.

Unlike Heinkel, who was unable to demonstrate his true strength for emotional reasons, the reason why Yae could not show her true worth was none other than because she was abiding by Aldebaran’s ego.

Were he to lift that restriction, the forest abundant in cover would instantly become Yae’s hunting ground. ――Even if the opponent was five-hundred strong, it would not take much time before the green leaves were all stained with blood.

Only, it was not that Yae was muttering in discontent for being unable to do that.

After all, no matter how bereft of legitimacy those directions were, it was her nature to follow orders.

Hence, the reason she was whispering to Aldebaran like this was――,

Aldebaran: [――Thank you. But it’s none of your concern.]

Yae: [Oh my.]

Sticking her tongue out with a “Behhh”, Yae was unsurprised that her proposal had been rejected.

From the start, it was a proposal she had no expectation of being accepted. Surprisingly―― no, it was not surprising for she who wished for Aldebaran to accomplish his goal, but it seemed to have set him alight with motivation.

Thanks to that sweet, tempting complaint, Aldebaran regained his exhausted willpower.

Aldebaran: [We also have the option to continue through the forest and slip through the south, but that’s a no-go when considering what’s to follow. Unfortunately for them, we’ll be having Lil’ Miss Felt and her crew be defeated here.]

Yae: [Understood. Then, proceed as planned?]

The atmosphere from the preceding conversation vanished, and Aldebaran nodded at Yae as she inclined her head.

Then, thinking of Felt and the old giant who were likely working out a plan to secure victory on the other side of the forest, he quietly muttered.

Aldebaran: [You guys are strong. It’s just―― your stars were bad.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Witnessing that the third Conversation Mirror had been broken, Rom-jii became convinced.

Rom: [As I thought, you’re doin’ more than just seein’ through our plans.]

He removed and discarded one of the Conversation Mirrors fitted onto his gauntlets; having lost its counterpart, it no longer served any purpose. Rom-jii considered the helmet bastard’s optimal conduct―― immediately identifying the mirror-bearer, ordained with a Conversation Mirror, an action whose essence was to disrupt the flow of information.

Rachins had fallen, and even Doltero, who had rushed to the scene, had been utterly defeated.

Although he had estimated it to be a possible outcome, Rom-jii could not hold back his surprise at the defeat of the King Pig, having known the latter for quite a long time.

Rom: [If he’d been born a mere ten years earlier, his name prolly would’ve gone down in the history books tellin’ of the Demi-Human War.]

The person in question would have likely laughed at that statement and brushed it off as an exaggeration, but in Rom-jii’s mind, it was a fair assessment.

But, then again, the Demi-Human War had not been such a close affair that Doltero alone would have been able to make the difference between victory and defeat. Even if his name would have been recorded in the annals of history, he most likely would have been among the many who had lost their lives at the hands of the Sword Demon or that generation’s Sword Saint.

Either way, Doltero had been defeated. Did that mean the opponent was on the same level as the Sword Demon?

Rom: [Nah, that ain’t it.]

Shaking his thick head from side-to-side, Rom-jii discarded his pessimistic thoughts.

In truth, the existence of the Sword Demon was something of a trauma for Rom-jii. Against the lone Sword Demon, even if Rom-jii were to command a force numbering a thousand, he would glimpse no sign of victory whatsoever.

This was not to say that the Sword Demon was the strongest in the world, but rather that his renown made him appear that way.

There were indeed those proprietors of renown such that their opponents would be made to feel that victory would be unattainable, even if that was not truly the case.

Even for Felt, the prospect of competing head-to-head against the big shots of the criminal underworld was unlikely, both in terms of physical strength and intelligence. Nonetheless, they still looked up to her as their queen.

That, was the unshakeable quality known as “renown”. ――Something in which the helmet bastard was lacking.

To put it simply, he did not inspire fear. However, it could be said that it contributed to the unknowns of his character.

Rom: [Well then, we just hafta eliminate those unknowns one-by-one. ――Launch ‘em up!]

Following the orders called out by Rom-jii, the fighters who remained on hand, numbering around twenty, began to move.

Fire Magic Ore was ignited, and launched were the contents of the Magic Cannons―― the latter were valuable items that could be carried by hand and used continuously if properly cooled; however, the Magic Stones which they had fired held even greater value.

They were――,

Rom: [――Night Banishers.]

Immediately after, white lights sliced across the sky of the battlefield like bolts of lightning, instantly scattering the clouds. The glow of the blue sky peering out chased away the approaching dusk, rewriting time. ――No, that was not the case. The effect of the Night Banisher was merely a reproduction of daytime.

If launched at night, it would overwrite the darkness, giving the appearance of a daytime sky. It was even possible to create an inexplicable phenomenon in which raindrops would fall from a clear sky if one were to be emulated on a rainy day.

Originally, the Night Banisher’s intended effect had been to drive away the night that caused chaos on the battlefield, but this Magic Stone had another effect that most were unaware of.

To rewrite an overcast day into a sunny one, to turn night into day, was the effect of painting reality over with an illusion.

That was to say――,

Rom: [――If he’s been watchin’ us from the sky, then he can’t rely on that view no more.]

As the battle dragged on, the Night Banishing Magic Stones that had been prepared for nightfall came into play.

Judging this to be a rare stroke of good fortune, Rom-jii took steps to seal off one of the possible explanations behind the helmet bastard’s actions―― an eye in the heavens, which may have been surveilling them.

But then again――,

???: [Unit Six reporting, we found the helmet bastard! We’re going to… WOAHHH!?]

Judging by the report of the mirror-bearer assigned to Unit Six, and the subsequent lost communication, the helmet bastard had broken a fourth Conversation Mirror, and as such Rom-jii was convinced that the possibility of an eye in the heavens had completely vanished.

However, he was not discouraged. In the first place, the likelihood of an eye in the heavens had been low.

In response to the optimal conduct of the helmet bastard, Rom-jii’s first instructions were for the mirror-bearers of each unit to alternate at regular intervals, and to report the next movements in writing through the mirror.

However, the helmet bastard responded to this by eliminating the designated mirror-bearers right away twice in a row.

Even supposing he was able to observe their movements from the sky, he would not have been able to fully respond to every move.

In that case, what remained was――,

Rom: [It might be a Great Spirit I know nothin’ ’bout, or a powerful Divine Protection, or he might be seein’ inside his opponents’ minds; otherwise, perhaps it ain’t minds that he’s seein’, but――]

And so, he listed each possibility that came to mind, and made plans to eliminate them one-by-one.

It was hard to imagine that the helmet bastard had a Great Spirit with him, considering his actions. A Spirit’s true talent was magic, but the helmet bastard showed no signs of using a Spirit’s power to overcome this onslaught of challenges. Assistance from Spirits of the Yin and Yang attributes would not have been as noticeable as from Spirits of other attributes, but those Spirits were also of high rarity.

The possibility that one was accompanying him was not zero, but――,

Rom: [It’s of low priority. ――Unit Seven, go east; Unit Nine, proceed southeast. Hurry ta where Unit Six’s fightin’. Nevermind, there ain’t a need ta support Unit Six. Instead, let’s get yer two units workin’ together. Use both Magic Stones and throwin’ stones, we’ve gotta see if we can make him use two or more Divine Protections, no matter what.]

By nature, only a single Divine Protection could dwell within an individual.

There had only been a handful of people in history who held multiple Divine Protections, and the number of people whose Divine Protections both proved useful could only be counted on one hand. ――It was odd that among those individuals abnormally blessed by fortune, the likes of the Sword Saint and the Mad Prince both existed in this current day and age, but there was a possibility that the helmet bastard could be a third one to be added to those ranks.

Henceforth――,

Rom: [You can ascertain someone’s Divine Protection by bundlin’ ‘n stackin’ up hardships, ‘n watchin’ how they handle ’em. ――It ain’t for nothin’ that I’ve been called the one who’s killed the most Divine Protection holders in the world.]

△▼△▼△▼△

From the sudden deployment of the Night Banisher onward, Aldebaran sensed that the situation had worsened dramatically.

With the movements of the opposition clearly being laced with contrived inaction, even merely identifying the mirror-bearer had become increasingly difficult, ramping up his number of attempts up by an order of magnitude.

Aldebaran: [Because they keep shuffling around the role of mirror-bearer, if the timing of initiating the confrontation’s even slightly off, a completely different guy’ll have the mirror…!]

Moreover, in place of straightforward attacks that aimed at simply suppressing, defeating, or killing Aldebaran and his allies, there was a marked increase in attacks that seemed to be aimed at testing their reactions. Setting aside those underlying intentions, Aldebaran was tormented by having to deal with such offensives that did not directly threaten his life.

Were they attacks of lethal nature, assured to rob him of his life, he could crush them without mercy, unhesitatingly taking measures to stifle them at their inception. However, since that intent was nebulous, and since its impact was minimal, comparable to that of clearing a pebble off the roadside, the conduct required of him was overwhelmingly extensive.

Aldebaran: [Taken to an extreme, even a single scratch means asking whether I should start over.]

Having said that, he still could not ignore attacks that, akin to a slow-acting poison, would force him into a softlock because he had merely been struck by them. As a result, once that uncertainty took root in him, Aldebaran had no choice but to deal with each and every attack, ramping up the number of attempts by yet another order of magnitude.

Aldebaran: [You’re getting on my nerves, shitty old geezer.]

△▼△▼△▼△

As the number of mirrors being shattered continued to accumulate, Rom-jii grew increasingly wary of how the situation had been progressing.

Thanks to prior directives from the heads of their respective organizations, the ruffians of the criminal underworld had followed Rom-jii’s instructions with surprising obedience. Given the situation, some of them likely fell without even understanding what their role had been, and yet fallen they had, with nary a word of complaint; such an attitude was indeed admirable.

Owing to that, the number of cards in his hand were dwindling at an alarming rate, but in return, the face of the card kept concealed by the opposition was slowly but surely being revealed.

Rom: [They’re a resolute bunch indeed. Felt might’ve built the relationship with Flanders, but the heavens still fervently keep watch over those who struggle.]

The effect of the Night Banisher obstructed any eyes in the heavens, and by stacking wave upon wave of Magic Stone attacks to alter the Mana concentration, the area was rendered intoxicating to Spirits, which thus confirmed the absence of any cooperating Spirits. Suspecting a highly versatile Divine Protection, through a combination of short and long-ranged attacks, both physical and magical, the Divine Protections of which he was aware―― which were limited to the ones whose efficiency had been ascertained by using Reinhard as a test subject, had their characteristics targeted, and thus ninety percent of the potential candidates for the current scenario had been eliminated.

Rom: [This ain’t the Divine Protection of First Sight or the Divine Protection of the Second Coming. So if it’s neither the Divine Protection of Stormy Skies nor the Divine Protection of the Tiger’s Den, not many candidates remain.]

The remaining ten percent could possibly serve as one-trick ponies, depending on how they were used, but they lacked the versatility to deal with a situation as dire as this. With that, nearly all the candidates were dropped, relegated to the back of his mind.

From here on out, he would move on to the stage of suspecting something that was neither magic, nor Spirit, nor Divine Protection―― an Authority.

Rom: [Bending the laws of reality itself, wouldn’t that be pride beyond the station of man, helmet bastard?]

△▼△▼△▼△

When the tide of the wave attacks shifted, and the opposition’s movements took a turn, Aldebaran ground his teeth, sensing that the worst possibility that came to mind had been right on the mark.

In all likelihood, that old giant―― Valga Cromwell, had an inkling that Aldebaran was using an Authority, overcoming these imminent critical situations by stacking up countless matrices.

The succession of wave attacks, and the sequence of numerous attacks rich in variety that kept up for a while, had been meant to whittle down the possibilities of how Aldebaran was escaping from such an overwhelming disadvantage.

Near infinite trial and error by means of redefining a matrix and the existence of the territory―― it was likely impossible that they had grasped that to be the true nature of Aldebaran’s Authority, but he had a keen feeling that it had been narrowed down to something quite close.

The chief possibilities of magic or a Divine Protection had already been eliminated through an exhaustive investigation, and he got a sense that they had entered the stage where a tremendous, absurd Authority was starting to be suspected. Similar to Ezzo Cadner back at Pleiades Watchtower, there was a high possibility that clever individuals would see through Aldebaran’s Authority.

But then again, it would be difficult to corner Aldebaran even if one had seen through it. Ezzo’s judgement to flood the escape path with Water Magic had been optimal in a certain sense, but it would have been a herculean task to accomplish a similar feat in a space this expansive.

Even so, the nasty premonition that tinged his heart did not disappear, causing Aldebaran to hesitate about updating his matrix in such a short timespan; the difficulty of recovering from a single failure was steadily ramping up, little-by-little.

To begin with, why was the notorious Valga Cromwell from the Demi-Human War still alive, and serving Felt at that? Was Valga not the Great Strategist who harbored an immense hatred of humans, taking the lives of several thousands with his merciless stratagems in the Demi-Human War? His head was on the verge of seething as it blurted out complaints towards the incomprehensible combination. There’s something wrong with this, seriously.

△▼△▼△▼△

Having come this far, he had come to a point where there was no longer any room to doubt the worst possible premonition; as Rom-jii endured that bad feeling in his chest, he vigorously stroked his own bald head for no reason.

Likely, the helmet bastard was using an Authority―― neither was it a Divine Protection nor was it magic, but an extraordinary power said to have once been used by the Witches, a power capable of bending the laws of the world; of this he was convinced. In the past, during the era of the Demi-Human War, when he had been acquainted with the successor to a Witch, Sphinx, she had stated herself to be a failed creation, unable to reproduce an Authority. However, though he had expressed his wish for Felt to gain achievements, with the enemy possessing an ability so desperately coveted by that Witch, this was far too troublesome an opponent.

And though he was loath to admit it, he had narrowed down the helmet bastard’s Authority to one of either “Reading the Thoughts of an Opponent” or “Seeing into the Short-Term Future”. However, at the current point, Rom-jii surmised that precognition had a higher probability than mindreading.

Since he had continued to evade this side’s attacks to this much of an extent, even supposing he was reading the mind of another, Rom-jii thought it would undoubtedly be that of his own, and had thus deployed the measures to ascertain if that was the case.

He had given unique orders to two different units; the first unit he commanded to pass them by without attacking, and the second he ordered to launch an all-out offensive, but the helmet bastard had gone to deal with the unit it would have been fine to ignore, plunging himself into the predicament of a pincer attack in between the first and second units. If he had read Rom-jii’s mind, or the mind of somebody in that first unit, then the helmet bastard would have just burdened himself with needless hardship.

At that moment, he ascertained that the helmet bastard’s Authority was not that of mindreading. That was to say, the true nature of the helmet bastard’s Authority was now mostly narrowed down to precognition.

Even if it had been narrowed down, he likely could not cheer out an “I did it!” with this conclusion. Sphinx had triumphantly spoken of them as powers that twisted the laws of reality, but something like “Precognition” was going too far.

Just how am I supposed ta deal with somethin’ like that? There’s somethin’ wrong with this, seriously.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Anyone who can’t use the Flow Method, fall back! But don’t stop moving!!]

His sonorous voice raised in a shout, Gaston leaped out ahead of the group, and swung at the helmet bastard.

Gaston had already obtained Rom-jii’s theory from the mirror-bearer. ――Apparently, that bastard could see just a little ahead into the future, something like that.

Gaston: [Then all I gotta do’s finish it the moment he sees ahead!]

Bellowing like thunder, Gaston abandoned the idea of landing a single, glorious blow. Instead, he switched to a relentless flurry of strikes, aiming to cut off the helmet bastard’s escape routes by giving priority to landing a punch.

However, in response to the barrage, the helmet bastard stomped the ground hard,

Helmet Bastard: [Smart thinking, Gaston. But this time, thinking was the wrong move.]

A swelling wall of earth shielded the helmet bastard, halting the powerful onslaught. He gritted his teeth; just like the bastard had stated, his plan had backfired, and immediately afterwards, his opponent turned the very same earth into gauntlets around his arm and smashed Gaston in the forehead, sending him reeling back.

And as it was, Gaston, still reeling back, sensed the helmet bastard was going for a follow-up.

Gaston: [ORAAA!!]

Gaston channeled his momentum into a backflip, unleashing a kick towards that sensation.

The nimble strike delivered while spinning through the air was a facsimile of an acrobatic technique of Felt’s used when attempting to slip away from Reinhard’s grasp, like a cat twisting out of a hold. It was inconceivable that a brute like Gaston would pull off something so acrobatic, not even the old man who served as a gardener for House Astrea, who had been hit by it during training――,

Helmet Bastard: [You got me. Four times, at that.]

Alongside those cryptic words, Gaston’s kick had sliced through empty air.

An attack Gaston had honed to the level of a finishing move had been rendered useless. But before he could even dwell on that frustration, a strange sensation seized his body.

He felt oppression as though the hand of a giant had grabbed hold of him, yanking his right leg upward. ――Upon closer inspection, he came to see that there was a near-invisible thread restraining him, extending from the helmet bastard’s right hand.

Wasn’t it just the red-haired maid accompanying him, this helmet bastard can use it too?

Helmet Bastard: [Mine’s just a single strand, though. In truth, she’s a genius, that one.]

Hearing the helmet bastard’s lifeless tone as he spoke words of praise for his comrade, Gaston ground his teeth.

His right leg suspended by the thread, his foot was raised all the way to head height. His left foot, barely touching the ground, was forced onto its toes, his body being left utterly powerless. In this ridiculous, helpless position, Gaston had been completely neutralized.

And with that, the helmet bastard turned his back on Gaston,

Helmet Bastard: [Old man, I’m leaving him to you. I’m gonna go back up Yae.]

With those words, the helmet bastard strode away as if Gaston had already been dealt with.

Taking his place was a man Gaston had only heard about, Reinhard’s father. Donning the same hair and eye tonalities as Reinhard he did, yet the ambience his body was enveloped in exuded an entirely different quality.

But more than anything, that expression, one that said he was only following the helmet bastard’s orders because he had no other choice, reluctant and unwilling, pissed Gaston off.

Therefore――,

Heinkel: [――Hk, you better not move awkwardly or… Bweh!]

Gaston struck the hardened face of his opponent and immediately lunged at the helmet bastard’s turned back. But before his hand could reach the latter, his balance faltered, and his opponent easily evaded the charge with a lunge, letting Gaston crash hard onto the ground.

He had failed. ――Having forcibly ripped himself free from the thread, his nearly torn ankle could not hold him up.

Helmet Bastard: [You, with that leg…]

Gaston: [What’s one damn leg worth!? I’m putting my life on the line here! You think this is some game where I’d quit just ’cause it hurts a little!?]

Helmet Bastard: [――――]

Gaston: [But what really pisses me off the most’s that you guys are doing this reluctantly. Don’t go picking fights with people if you can’t even laugh in admiration of your own comrades’ hard work!]

Gaston hurled his fury at the silent helmet bastard as he forced himself to his feet with every last ounce of his strength.

Even now copious amounts of blood yet poured from Gaston’s right ankle, the torn flesh exposing glimpses of white bone beneath. And yet, the fact that he clenched his teeth and stood, was due to the importance of that which he carried upon his back.

Gaston, had a woman he had fallen for.

A woman who, perhaps feeling trepidation upon discovering that a villain with the Divine Dragon in tow was coming, had nonetheless held him and told him not to worry, before finally pushing him onwards to journey alongside Felt.

Gaston, had men he admired.

A friend whose mouth would run unceasingly with discontent, all while worrying about those he was surrounded by. A lifelong companion who, despite being a coward at heart, never would withdraw and retreat. A mentor who despite always providing him with tedious, troublesome lectures, was very caring, howling that all held the right to achieve greatness. A bad influence who, loving the girl who would puff her chest out and make manifest her braggadocio, was turning his past, a past akin to a curse, into strength.

Gaston, had a man and a woman he looked up to.

A strong man so strong, he could protect all things he wished to protect.

A strong woman so radiant, no matter where she was, forgetting her would be absolutely impossible.

――Gaston, had every reason to stand tall and fight.

Gaston: [People like you, who don’t even have that in ‘em, got no damn right stepping into a ring where others are giving it their all!!]

With a roar from the deepest depths of his soul, Gaston charged at the helmet bastard anew, deliberately stepping forward with his right foot.

Even if that step were to shatter his leg, tear it apart, leave him unable to walk ever again, it mattered not. Even then, Gaston would still find something he would be able to do. Even then, he knew his comrades would never abandon him. ――Right now, all he wanted was to beat the helmet bastard.

Pushing off the ground, Gaston’s massive frame rose into the air as he drove his left knee upward in a crushing strike. Even if blocked by a wall of earth, this time he had his upraised arms ready to hammer down at any moment as a second-stage backup.

Whichever it was, he would smash the helmet that hid the bastard’s face――,

Helmet Bastard: [――Honestly, it landed.]

As if he had anticipated Gaston’s movements, the helmet bastard had already closed the distance in perfect rhythm with the takeoff.

Right after Gaston’s throat let out a faint groan, a fist clad in a gauntlet of stone struck his face as he sprung up into the air, causing his head to jerk backwards.

Gaston: [You’re fucking… kidding me…]

In the end, not a single one of Gaston’s attacks had landed. If his opponent was indeed making a sarcastic joke or a bitter remark about them landing or something of the sort despite that, there was nothing to laugh about, even one bit.

With the blood loss from his leg contributing, Gaston’s consciousness rapidly faded――,

???: [――RAHHHHHH!!]

――At the end, concurrent with a familiar high-pitched voice, a burst of white light at the edge of his vision came into sight.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The name of that Meteor, was the Star Staff.

The majority of the Meteors which existed in this world were said to be the handiwork of a single Witch, driven by curiosity and desire, simply for her own amusement; the Star Staff, however, was different.

With an aim in mind, the Witch had painstakingly forged a crystallization of her intellect to realize that goal―― that aim, though perhaps something so petty as silencing a quippy Dragon, its power was genuine.

By siphoning Mana from its wielder, and by abridging the procedures, the power unleashed would become the starlight of Shario.

Of course, it was a light insignificant in comparison to Al Shario, which could slay even Dragons; however, its power, which any individual could acquire without study, could still be described as extraordinary.

Pursued by starlight that would ceaselessly track its target until striking true, Aldebaran took every defensive measure he could conjure, but none could withstand the assault while also avoiding injury.

An attack of this nature, which left no route for escape, was Aldebaran’s nemesis. For that reason, in accordance with Aldebaran’s own list of priorities, only one viable option remained.

Aldebaran: [Sorry about this, old man.]

With that muttered apology, Aldebaran caused the ground beneath Heinkel, who had fallen on his bottom upon receiving a counterattack from Gaston, to rise up, thrusting him up as a shield in between Aldebaran and the starlight.

Naturally, realizing his intentions, Heinkel had begun to yell “Aldeba――”, with anger evident upon his face; however, in the next instant, the burst of white light struck the red-haired swordsman, his entire body permeated by an impact that could silence even a Dragon.

Heinkel: [――Kah, oghh, gwoaAHHHhh!]

Aldebaran, who had experienced it firsthand, had suffered damage that seemed to scorch his brain and internal organs to a crisp. However, though Heinkel had fallen to his knees, passing out, he still possessed the leeway to writhe in agony on the spot.

Whether in Vollachia, or that instance with “Aldebaran”, time and again, through brutal struggles was the extraordinary sturdiness which Heinkel possessed proven. ――Having been saved by the resilience that seemed to bring Heinkel himself no gratification whatsoever, Aldebaran looked to where the light had originated.

Thereupon――,

Aldebaran: [――So, you’re Camberley?]

Leaning against the Star Staff that had unleashed a burst of light, blood dripping from his nose, was a man of the dwarf race.

As of now, this battle had been done over twenty-nine thousand two-hundred and twenty-one times since its commencement. Consequently, Aldebaran understood the ruffians who had gathered here better than they did themselves.

Of the opponents he had encountered thus far, he knew every last one by name. In a way, it could be said that he had developed a sort of one-sided kinship with them. Sorry, that would be a lie. He was sick and tired of facing such formidable opponents.

Regardless――,

Aldebaran: […Even if you’re aware of the activation method, that ain’t a Meteor that any half-assed amateur can put to use. How on earth did you manage to activate it?]

Camberley: [How, do you think, I did it…? Hehe, keep guessin’, for the rest, of your life.]

Aldebaran: [――. Don’t tell me, you used Hexcel?]

Blood dripping from his eyes and nose, along with bulging veins on his neck and forehead; this sight led Aldebaran to the conclusion that these were adverse effects resulting from the use of a certain illicit substance.

Commonly referred to as “Hexcel”, it was an illicit drug produced using bokko fruit, which in its raw form had the property of revitalizing the Mana within the body, and the use of Hexcel was prohibited even in the Kingdom of Lugunica. ――Although the drug had a narcotic effect, it would, in essence, generate excess Mana through the activation of the Gate.

Under the effect of that doping, even those unqualified could wield the Star Staff.

Aldebaran: [Even then, your insides’ll be ripped apart. Doing that sorta thing…]

Camberley: [You think, I’m the only one, who’ll back down? When Rachins, and Gaston, and everyone else, are riskin’ it all… even Reinhard, y’know? Heh, I landed up, with an amazin’ bunch…]

With his complexion deathly pale, not even bothering to wipe away the bloody tears and nosebleed that appeared starkly vivid by contrast, Camberley was in a state that could certainly be described as hopeless.

However, spoken with the hint of a smile, his words lacked the typical recklessness of a desperate individual.

Aldebaran: [Every last one of them…]

Behind Heinkel, who was still writhing from being burnt by starlight, Gaston lay unconscious.

He was also one among those who, having clashed with Aldebaran head-on, had wounded him with his words more than his fists. Individuals of such a sort numbered many in this battle against the Felt Camp.

Only by defeating all of them, one-by-one, thoroughly and painstakingly, had Aldebaran been able to arrive at this juncture.

After twenty-nine thousand two-hundred and twenty-one times, stacking up attempt after attempt,

Camberley: [――Helmet bastard, you’ve never fought, with your life on the line, not even once, ain’t that right?]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Camberley: [You see, I have. That’s what I’m doin’ now… To fight with my life on the line, I got both a reason, and the courage. That much, I’ve certainly, proved… Hk.]

Stating thus with his trembling voice, Camberley tightened his grip upon the Star Staff in his hands, and once more, he tried to invoke the light of a star.

However, that was an impossibility.

Camberley: [Gauhghh.]

The Mana to operate it was insufficient in him. ――And, as if to punish a wielder in that state, the Star Staff backfired, burning Camberley’s Gate and causing white smoke to billow from the entirety of his small frame.

If an unqualified person were to execute the activation procedure, not only would it fail to be invoked, but there would also be a small penalty. Installed by the Witch who had created the Star Staff, it was a safety measure to prevent children from playing with it. The fact that the Witch believed that this would serve as a safety measure, showed that she really did not comprehend the human heart.

Anyway, the safety measure had performed its task, and Camberley fell backward, passing out――,

???: [Car-kun!]

And, a woman rushed over and caught his small body before it collapsed onto the ground.

The woman, with dark skin and wearing a lascivious dress, was the girl boss of the Flower Prison Garden, judging from her features. Embracing the unconscious Camberley, she directed a stern glare at Aldebaran.

Aldebaran: […You don’t need to glare at me like that. I ain’t got the time or the interest to kick a dead body.]

Woman: [You are all…]

Aldebaran: [Seven days… No, now it’s just six days. I’m only gonna cause a stir in the world for the next six days, no longer than that. ――Though none of you guys are willing to believe me.]

The boss of the Flower Prison Garden called Toto, was she?

The boss of the Black Silver Coin, Doltero, had also tormented him relentlessly, but the gaze of this woman, holding the man precious to her, was just as cuttingly sharp.

At her gaze, Aldebaran narrowed his eyes behind his helmet, probing Toto’s fighting spirit with a simple, “Shall we?”. Come to think of it, this marked the first time he had encountered a woman on this battlefield.

He had yet to see the faces of either Grassis, who had delivered that painful first blow, or Felt, their leader.

Ignoring Aldebaran’s sentiments, while tensing all her limbs, Toto jerked her chin at Aldebaran as if to say “Go”.

A wry smile eeking out due to her self-assured attitude, Aldebaran turned his back to her.

And then――,

Toto: [――Kuh, ah!]

Behind Aldebaran, Toto had dropped the iron fan she had raised, struggling to tear away the steel thread wound around her neck. Unable to do so, the sound of her falling down reached his ears.

The doer of the deed, Yae, approached the collapsed Toto, retrieving the iron fan that had dropped to the ground, and spoke,

Yae: [Wow, there’s poison in this. From the smell and color… jiramme, I’d say? It’s an instantly lethal poison, so it looks like you were rea~lly eager to go all out, weren’t you?]

Aldebaran: [Don’t get so angry.]

Yae: [Even though I’m this ado~rable, it’s rude to say I’m getting angry! First of all, it’s Al-sama’s fault, y’know? Just because the opponent’s a woman, you turn your back with a grin. I guess, for Al-sama, it might not matter how many times you die, but…]

Aldebaran: [――Now’s the first time. It’s ‘cause you came to help.]

It was not flattery, the truth truly was that he had not been caught off guard even once by Toto.

Upon hearing Aldebaran’s response, Yae fell silent with a “Hmph” and wore a displeased expression. That had been Aldebaran’s way of showing gratitude, but despite her complaints about how he did not thank her enough, she would always react like this whenever he actually did communicate his thanks. There was no avail in saying it to her.

Aldebaran: [Anyway, we’ve finished suppressing this bunch too… And, the old man is…?]

Yae: [He’s burned, but he’s still alive and kicking. That guy, don’t you think he’s a little off?]

Aldebaran: [Of course he’s off. He’s from House Astrea.]

Yae: [Even someone like that is still an Astrea, huh?]

Be that as it may, even for a member of House Astrea, the blast from the Star Staff seemed to have taken its toll.

Heinkel, appearing to be in more pain than he had ever been before, was approached by Yae for a quick check on his condition. At the same time, she shot Aldebaran a look that clearly suggested that they should take this chance to leave him behind.

Ignoring Yae’s gaze with his usual indifference, Aldebaran turned his attention northwest.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Since the start of the battle, they had been cornered, pursued by smoke, and forced further and further south through the forest.

While steadily whittling down the enemy force numbering five hundred people in their path, Aldebaran and his group had finally made it all the way back.

And upon making it all the way back――,

???: [――Well now, strangely ‘nough, it don’t feel like this’s my first time seein’ ya, helmet bastard.]

Aldebaran: [Same goes for me. Maybe it’s ‘cause I’ve been thinking about you this whole time.]

At last, in the very plains where the chase had begun, at the end of a trial and error that had lasted twenty-nine thousand, two-hundred and twenty-one attempts, Aldebaran had succeeded in coming face-to-face with his true enemy―― with Valga Cromwell.

△▼△▼△▼△

Sat cross-legged upon the needlessly spacious plain, Valga Cromwell rested his chin in his hands.

Looking at him once more, he was huge. Even though he was sitting, his head was still level with Aldebaran’s simply due to his body being so large, and perhaps because his legs were short.

Aldebaran: [Relatable. I’ve also got a complex about my legs being short.]

Valga: [I’ll say this now, but I ain’t ever made a fuss ‘bout the length of my legs. Tho’ back in my heyday, I used ta wish I got a bigger body or longer arms.]

Aldebaran: [You seem young enough even now gramps, how old are you?]

Valga: [Who knows. I stopped countin’ after a hundred.]

Valga gave a cold answer, but as expected, giants had quite a long lifespan.

Excluding the elves who were said to live forever unless killed, the longest lived race in this world were probably the giants. Considering that those giants were now on the brink of extinction due to having angered a lone Witch, the people of yore must not have known any limits to their rage.

Aldebaran: [A swordsman who went on a killing spree ‘cause his favorite food was Dragon meat, a Witch who almost wiped out a whole tribe due to being angered by a single member, an elf who got caught in the splash of the Witch of Envy, the list goes on.]

Valga: [Ya seem awfully knowledgeable ’bout history for a young’un. Besides, weren’t’cha all chummy with the Witch of Envy?]

Aldebaran: [Chummy? Well there’s an unfunny joke .]

In their tit-for-tat, Valga’s voice held a transparent intent to agitate him, however, Aldebaran could not go without refuting that statement.

Something like getting along with the Witch of Envy, even if that evaluation was sarcastic or in jest, he would not let it slide.

Aldebaran: [That one really does hate me to an extreme extent. Not once have our eyes ever met.]

Valga: […Meeting eyes with the Witch of Envy, hm? That in itself’s gotta be an unfunny joke, eh?]

Aldebaran: [If y’ain’t laughing, neither am I. Every step along the way, you’ve taken the sorta measures I hate the most… where’s Lil’ Miss Felt?]

Valga: [Capturin’ that girl’d be the quickest way for ya ta end this, ain’t that so? Ya think I’d put her somewhere within yer reach?]

Aldebaran clicked his tongue at that response, and Valga snorted his nose as he gazed behind the former―― to the forest wherein a fierce battle had been unfolding until now; he continued with “And so”.

Valga: [So ya really went ‘n done it, killin’ five-hundred people, huh?]

Aldebaran: [Though, you might think it’s cute compared to your kill count during the civil war. Besides… Ahh, nah, I’ll keep it to myself. It doesn’t matter.]

Valga: [――――]

This too was a tit-for-tat, so he forced himself to swallow the words he had begun to utter. ――In this battle, Aldebaran’s party had not robbed a single person of their life.

In order to weaken their fighting strength, he had gone as far as to give them grievous wounds that put them on the verge of death, but none of their lives would be in danger if they received the proper treatment.

But, mentioning that here would not have a positive influence on Valga’s impression.

It would only prompt skepticism regarding why he had taken such measures, such unnatural conduct.

Naturally, as Yae had proposed several times, rather than adhering to non-lethality, there had been several points at which taking their opponent’s lives would have made surmounting them easier. Even if the order of magnitude of his attempts thus increased, Aldebaran stubbornly abided by that restriction.

He had made up his mind. Aldebaran had.

From the world she had loved, not a single person more would be lost in the scope of his interference. Save for the one exception, that of Natsuki Subaru.

For that reason, Aldebaran would not take the lives of any――,

Valga: [――You’re no longer able ta bear the sight of anybody losin’ their life before yer eyes, ain’t that so?]

――.

――――.

――――――――.

――――――――――――Ah?

Aldebaran: [――Ah?]

Valga: [I had my suspicions. ‘Twas when I’d heard that Ezzo and Flam’d been done in at the Pleiades Watchtower, but their lives hadn’t been taken.]

Aldebaran: [Oi…]

Valga: [Flam used the Divine Protection of Mindspeak, and receivin’ the news, the Sword Saint went ta intercept’cha at the Augria Sand Dunes where he’s the weakest… that in itself’s a stratagem I could understand, but there was no reason ta let Ezzo live. Once Flam used her Divine Protection, too, she’d have served her purpose, yeah?]

Aldebaran: [Oi, gramps… Old geezer…]

Valga: [Any worries that might crop up in the future oughta be eradicated. Ya didn’t take those natural measures. ――If I recall, ya asked me where Felt’s gone off ta. That girl, I had her follow yer escape path. Thus…]

Ignoring Aldebaran’s trembling voice, Valga raised his arm―― a gauntlet fitted with Conversation Mirrors, and tapped the single one that did not have its lid down.

Aldebaran’s party had shattered a total of twelve mirrors now, and that fitted in his gauntlet was the thirteenth and final one. On the other side of that Conversation Mirror, Felt was present.

Valga: [Fact is, ya guys ain’t takin’ lives, n’ there’s no shortage of people who’ll still be able ta move once their restraints are removed. Even if five-hundred’s impossible, do ya think ya still got enough strength ta take on more than a hundred again?]

Aldebaran: [You, old geezer…!!]

Valga flashed a smile as he spoke, and inside Aldebaran’s helmet, a vein bulged on his forehead.

The fact that Valga had flipped his side’s restriction on killing against them, having vigilantly progressed arrangements for returning those who had been neutralized to the frontlines, was a surprise.

However, it was not as though Aldebaran’s party had been bereft of judgement either. Not only had they tied them up, but they had also broken their limbs, making it difficult for them to return to the battlefield――,

Valga: [For when push comes ta shove, we’ve provided enough Hexcel for everyone. Next won’t be a battle against those who don’t fear pain, but a battle against those who can’t feel pain.]

Aldebaran: [――Hk, ahh, bring it on! Be it a hundred or two-hundred they’re welcome to come at me. I’ll just do it all over…]

Again ; it was when he was about to shout out in the spur of the moment.

Watching Aldebaran as he raised his voice in anger, Valga abruptly narrowed his eyes. The gaze seemed as if it was looking right into his helmet, and Aldebaran’s breath involuntarily caught.

Thereupon, Valga closed in with words.

Valga: [I see. ――Seems like this conversation’s a first for ya.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

For a moment, not understanding what that signified, Aldebaran tensed up.

But, it was for just a moment. A terrible chill immediately crawled up his back, and Aldebaran finally defined the being before his eyes to be a threat greater than the Sword Saint.

Aldebaran: [YAE――!!]

Instantly, Aldebaran used his voice to the fullest to command Yae, who he had kept on standby, to attack.

Through Yae’s Steel Thread Technique, Valga Cromwell would be restrained; there was no choice but to shut his mouth, which had the potential to speak those thoughts of his. The quickest way to achieve that would be to take his life. However, that would not be done.

Decidedly, he was doing that with his own intentions, not for any reasons like the one Valga had described.

Aldebaran: [So that you don’t wake up for six days, I’ll put you to sleep.]

He had yet to come up with a specific method, but doing that would be the best strategy.

In order to do that, he ordered Yae to move――,

???: [――There you are .]

As if from a stew in which a multitude of poisons simmered, a man’s out-of-place voice hung in the air like a malicious fragrance.

The man had been hiding in the grass of the plain―― with an unsightly appearance, consisting of tattoos of balance scales inked all over his body, he directed his gaze to a spot in the forest, and wriggled his bizarrely large right eye.

With a crookedness as if he had forced in an eyeball that did not belong to him, that gaze of his pierced Yae, who had jumped out in an effort to obey Aldebaran’s command.

The covertness of a shinobi had been seen through by that man―― likely Manfred of the Balance.

Then, Manfred placed his palm over his right hand, and capturing Yae in the gaze of his left eyeball that did not match in size,

Manfred: [Don’t move .]

Yae: [――Hk.]

As soon as the command was given, a slight disturbance was born in Yae’s movements.

Interfering with others through the weight of one’s words was the effect of the Divine Protection of Coercion. However, if the Divine Protection of Farsight had been the one to pinpoint Yae’s position, this made it two unique Divine Protections at the same time.

Aldebaran: [An Apostle of Typhon, are you…!?]

Aldebaran gnashed his teeth, however, Yae overcame the Divine Protection’s power of compulsion in an instant.

With the step following the one disturbed she regained composure, and with a shinobi’s mobility she attempted to extend a steel thread out towards Valga. ――However, upon that one step which had been disturbed, those transcendent, would intervene.

???: [――Vengeance for Flam.]

Having hidden in the grass as Manfred had, Grassis leapt up, and drove a kick into Yae’s torso. Yae promptly crossed an arm over to catch it, but the strike from the girl who had mastered the Flow Method at her young age was frighteningly weighty, sending Yae’s slender body a great deal back.

Yae: [Though, I’ve got nothing to do with your big sis!]

Grassis: [For most of you, vengeance for Flam.]

Receiving Grassis’s sweeping retribution, Yae’s hand was instantly broken.

Left in the forest by Yae, Heinkel had yet to get back up after getting hit by the Star Staff earlier, and even supposing he had indeed risen again, he could not be counted upon in this situation.

That was to say――,

Aldebaran: [――Re-expand, territory. Matrix redefinition.]

From this point on, Aldebaran would shut the mouth of Valga Cromwell with naught more than his own strength.

For that purpose――,

Valga: [――Ya lost yer cool. No matter the era, that’s always the cause of defeat for the losin’ side.]

Exercising his Authority, the moment he bent the world to his own rules, Aldebaran realized that before his eyes, Valga was chewing something up in his mouth.

Since he also had a habit of gulping down the poison stored behind his molar, he could tell. ――And in this situation, there was only one thing that Valga could be dosing on.

Aldebaran: [Hexcel.]

In an instant, an enormous palm spread out in front of Aldebaran, and he immediately bent backwards.

He fell on his backside. In exchange, the physique of the risen giant seemed to have enlarged even further from the effects of the contraband drug he had taken, and Aldebaran’s breath caught.

Valga Cromwell’s direct combat ability, was unknown to Aldebaran.

However, Valga’s drive in this moment was no less than that of the numerous warriors he had come to face until this point, and in him dwelled a dreadfulness only found in those who staked their lives on the line.

It happened, at the moment in which that drive had overwhelmed him.

???: [――ALDEBARAN!!]

The shout of a man upon whom he had harbored no expectations of contributing whatsoever, was pointing to the sky.

Aldebaran had likewise caught a glimpse of him in the corner of his eye, but for Heinkel to point at the sky with a sense of urgency rather than terror or fear in these circumstances, there was but one reason.

The time limit that would bring denouement to this battle, from beyond the sky, it cometh.

Aldebaran: [With this――]

Valga: [――Time’s up.]

As Aldebaran’s words were convinced of the demise of this hectic situation, they overlapped with Valga’s voice. But, something was strange. In that voice, not a shred of resignation or irritation was present.

On the contrary, it seemed as if Valga had been looking forward to this moment.

――In the subsequent instant, it came to pass. The light that had illuminated the sky on Valga’s command, now flashed anew.

△▼△▼△▼△

――At that moment, as Rom-jii crushed a Night Banishing Magic Stone within his hand, his body invigorated via his Hexcel-boosted Gate, he played his final move for the purpose of felling the helmet bastard.

Rom: [The helmet bastard’s behavior, be it mind reading or precognition, doesn’t make a lick of sense.]

The possibility of his mind being read, and this stratagem thus being countered, was eliminated.

In that case, consideration then fell upon him predicting the future and evading accordingly; but that too would be a tad incoherent.

The future was something that existed only once innumerable choices were added up, naught more, naught less. Moreover, it was not just the choices made by any single person, but the countless choices performed by countless people; the future could not be said to be decided by anything else.

Infeasible it was, to peruse the future, to respond to it perfectly, it was all somewhat lacking in realism. To begin with, even supposing he could witness the future, the positioning of the mirror-bearers would be unknown to him.

But, if he had witnessed results even once, it was a different story.

If the helmet bastard’s Authority was not one of looking forward into the future ahead, but rather one of observing outcomes that had come to pass in the future, then his conduct up till this point stood to reason.

He would inspect pockets in order to identify those designated to be mirror-bearers. He would validate its resulting outcome, and go on to the next. Supposing he had repeated this, the actions of the helmet bastard up till this point, and their results, stood to reason.

Rom: [What in tarnation’s that s’posed ta be!?!?]

Because it made logical sense, Rom-jii had become incensed, thinking “That don’t make a lick of damn sense!”.

Mind-reading and precognition were both illogical, but returning after witnessing results―― what to call it eluded him, but whatever the case, it was a rule-breaking ability. Just how could it be thwarted?

Rom: [But, it’s got holes.]

In the first place, were he to possess the almighty ability to observe and respond appropriately to every possible circumstance, the helmet bastard would have been able to even avoid encountering them at this juncture.

This individual had prepared countermeasures for Reinhard, and had succeeded in entrapping him. But compared to meeting him head-on, it would have been much safer to evade him.

As to why he had not done so, was the reason of why he could not do so.

――To witness the outcomes and do things over, he did not have that much time.

And thus, were the usage of the Authority entirely up to the helmet bastard, supposing a lull between danger and safety arose, he would naturally wish to create an area of safety in that opening. ――And therein would the trap be set.

From a position that the helmet bastard was made to believe was a safe zone, all he needed to do was fashion an inescapable crucible of traps.

Thereupon, the final aspect of the trap he had concocted was――,

Rom: [――You’ve summoned yer ally back, the Divine Dragon.]

Helmet Bastard: [――――]

The moment its presence was sighted outwith the sky, the helmet bastard’s faction and naturally the Felt Camp alike were convinced that it signified the battle’s denouement.

At the end of day, the absence of anybody possessing overwhelming power was the primary factor in this battle coming into being.

Were the Divine Dragon to be returned, and were it to lay devastation upon the plains with a single one of its breaths, be there five-hundred or be there a thousand ruffians hardened in their resolve, they would not hold a candle to it.

And as to demonstrate this, the Divine Dragon would unleash a single attack that would cause all fighting spirit to be lost. ――This, unmistakably, was a breath serving as a closing ceremony to the battle, one that would be let loose no matter what.

And that breath would be made to be fired in err, unto a situation in which it could not be evaded.

Rom: [――The Night Banisher’s effect’s ta fake night into lookin’ like daytime. By extension, it’s a deceptive veil that shrouds the true landscape.]

Normally, aiming a Night Banishing Magic Stone in the desired direction would be a difficult affair without being a skilled magician, but Rom-jii, having strained his Gate via Hexcel, had been able to bring that about.

But for what reason had he done so? ――Because this was originally one of the stratagems not carried out during the Demi-Human War.

――Targeting an entity that the Royal Army could not disregard, a great magic would be fired to wipe out all the enemies gathered around said being; a variant of a strategy performed in exchange for a life.

Rom: [Back then, the plan was ta target someone ‘n aim magic at their location. But today’s different.]

The deception produced by the Night Banisher extended, with Rom-jii and the helmet bastard in it enveloped.

――Consequently, Volcanica the Divine Dragon, inborne from heavens faraway, the Dragon tasked with terminating this bout, would without doubt lay eyes upon a sprawling plain bereft of people.

Rom-jii and the helmet bastard’s presence there would go unnoticed by the Dragon, thus causing it to attack erroneously.

Having the Dragon fire its breath at a place it thought no one was present in, was Rom-jii’s―― was Valga Cromwell’s method of nullifying the helmet bastard’s safe zone.

Helmet Bastard: [――Hk.]

Instantly the helmet bastard attempted to escape, yet his leg was seized by Valga Cromwell’s grip.

Realizing that escape was impossible, the helmeted man gulped, and gazed up at the heavens. The Divine Dragon’s eyes were unable to see him. Its mouth came suffused with white light, a breath was released directed at the “desolated” plains.

Rom: [――Felt.]

At that moment, within Valga Cromwell’s―― Nay, within Rom-jii’s mind flashed the figure of his beloved grandchild.

Her time as an infant, her time as a toddler, the woman she now was, all went by in a single instant; wondering if this was the scenery he would get to behold just before his passing, an out of place smile arose upon Rom-jii’s visage.

So much so in fact, that even though anger and loathing were supposed to have filled this pointlessly gargantuan body of his, the faces of Libre and Sphinx, who had skirted death alongside him, flickered not in his consciousness.

Bearing those powerful emotions at his terminus, Rom-jii and the helmet bastard both were engulfed by the Dragon’s breath――,

???: [――Cut it with the crap!!]

In that instant, starlight darted past, smashing through the side of the airborne Dragon’s maw, and the breath that was to be sicced loose veered off towards a different direction, exploding upon a plain that was verily desolate.

Rom: [Wha…]

Jostled about by the humongous plume of smoke and the shockwave, Rom-jii was unable to hold firm, and tumbled over. Dragged by the former’s fall, the helmet bastard likewise raised a cry of pain of “GWOAHH!”.

Had it gone entirely as his own self had anticipated, the unthinkable might of the Dragon’s breath would have, without a doubt, finally driven the helmet bastard into a situation with no escape, leaving him defeated.

And yet――,

???: [I had a bad feeling and this is what I find. Being prepared to die and wanting to die right away are two totally different things, you know! Big stupid Rom-jii!!]

The one to roar thus, having smashed Valga Cromwell’s stratagem into smithereens, their red eyes reddened a degree further whilst bearing tears, Star Staff in hand, was his adorable grandchild.

――By his own adorable grandchild, Valga Cromwell had been defeated.

--- Chapter 22: How to End a Battle ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――When first hearing Rom-jii’s plans, she’d had some reservations.

Rom: [Got that, Felt? If ya fall into the enemy’s hands, we’re sure ta lose… ‘course, our enemies’re gonna try ‘n take advantage of that, seein’ how that’s their easiest victory condition.]

Felt: [I’m the one in charge over here. I’m not gonna make a fuss and argue that I don’t understand your logic, but if you expect me to just sit in a corner and watch you all like a fool, I’m not just gonna go along with that, y’know?]

Rom: [In a large battle, it’s commonplace for a general ta sit back all dignified-like and wait ‘til the fightin’s settled… Hey, c’mon, don’t groan at me like that!]

Having just proposed a position that caused an explosion of displeasure from the one who had been listening, Rom-jii patted his bald head as he made a face of defeat towards Felt, who had groaned in frustration.

Felt was used to seeing that troubled expression on Rom-jii’s face, and she knew very well that when he made that expression, he was not actually as troubled as he appeared. ――When Rom-jii patted his own head with a troubled look on his face, he did so in order to steer the conversation in the direction he desired.

What Rom-jii wanted to convey was――,

Rom: [Aight, aight, aight I said. Then I won’t ask ya ta sit back ‘n watch or huddle up on the sidelines. ――I’mma have ya follow that helmet bastard’s footsteps one move at a time.]

Felt: […You’re saying you want me to follow that helmet bastard around? What’s the point of that?]

Rom: [I wanna be able ta pinpoint the location of the helmet bastard in the forest as best I can, ‘n after the squads that engage ’em are broken through, I’m thinkin’ we can retrieve the survivors ‘n ambush ’em from the rear.]

She understood that the strategy proposed by Rom-jii was one to corner the helmet bastard, blocking off his escape route and crushing him. To achieve this, their fighting force of five-hundred would be divided into a number of squads, and there was a possibility that the first squad to attack may have to be sacrificed.

And Felt would be in a position in which she would know of it, and yet be unable to do anything.

Felt: [――――]

Rom: [Felt, since this is a battle…]

Felt: [I know. I’m not like that damn Reinhard. I’m not so naive as to think no one will die no matter what. I just don’t like it. Acting on the assumption that you’re going to die, I mean.]

Although she often had been treated as a child due to her appearance, Felt did not believe that she actually embodied such childish dreams, to the extent that she was unfortunately scorned due to her looks.

Having grown up in the slums of the Royal Capital, where life was not considered to be of high value, one philosophy had been firmly rooted in her core.

Human life was fragile, that was why they said it. ――Live strong.

Rom: [――That’s right. I also dislike squanderin’ lives in futility.]

Felt: [It’s already crazy how the criminal underworld can risk their lives like that and still have an aesthetic sense about it. Otherwise, I don’t think they could’ve gotten so many people together when they asked for help, so I’ve got mixed feelings.]

The reason behind the ruffians’ pledge to strictly adhere to Rom-jii’s plans lay in a philosophy that was embedded deeply into the criminal underworld, and one very different from the blood code of the slums at that.

The key to getting along well with them lay in respecting their differences rather than overly shying away from them.

However, since Felt was at the head of this group, it was necessary to have everyone follow Felt’s philosophy instead.

Therefore――,

Felt: [――Let’s do this. I’m gonna go win this bout my own way.]

Even if her victory conditions differed from the ones anyone else had set, Felt had resolved herself so.

△▼△▼△▼△

During those final moments, as Rom-jii closed the lid of the Conversation Mirror that connected them together, Felt’s unpleasant intuition was confirmed, and she began to hasten her pace.

???: [The old man said, there’s one more thing left to do…]

These were the words of Camberley, as blood poured forth from every orifice of his face.

There was something she wished to comment concerning his body’s battered state, but Felt snatched the Meteor from his hands, leaving him in the care of her comrades who had freed him from the restraints of the helmet bastard’s gang, and ran.

And, after running the fastest she ever had in her entire life, the moment she emerged from the forest, she came across it.

――The scene of the Divine Dragon being made by Rom-jii to target himself along with the helmet bastard.

Felt: [――Cut it with the crap!!]

Without even realizing it, she raised the Meteor―― the Star Staff, taking aim at the incoming Dragon.

She was quite knowledgeable about the Dragon’s sturdiness, having borne witness to its clash with Reinhard when Ezzo and the others had gone to Pleiades Watchtower. ――Of course, the reason for which she aimed the Star Staff at the Dragon, was concerned not with its robustness.

Even when interjecting to tell them to stop screwing around, Felt did not have the option to punch Rom-jii.

Divine Dragon: [――OUCH!!]

The blow that bore the light of a star struck the side of the Dragon’s maw, yielding a cry of pain that utterly lacked the dignity befitting the Divine Dragon, redirecting its breath towards a different direction.

That breath forcefully leveled the empty, deserted plain, but that mattered not.

Perhaps she had foiled Rom-jii’s best-laid plans, but that was fine.

Felt: [I had a bad feeling and this is what I find. Being prepared to die and wanting to die right away are two totally different things, you know! Big stupid Rom-jii!!]

Roaring, overcome with a rising passion, Felt clenched her teeth.

For a moment, Rom-jii and the helmet bastard were difficult to make out, and the two of them, engaged in a battle of wits on a level that Felt could not even imagine, beheld her in astonishment.

Felt’s composure did not falter, even though tears shamefully welled in her eyes.

Felt: [That idiot Reinhard, he’s gonna worry about this for a long time.]

So long as they were not particular as to how victory was attained, Felt and her comrades had the power to best anyone.

For that reason, even if it meant being criticized for this prideful way of thinking, she would still choose how she would win. Otherwise, she would not be able to win in a worthwhile manner.

To that end, Felt clung to her convictions.

That was to say――,

Felt: [Live strong, Rom-jii. If you can’t stick to that, then even if we win, it’s still a loss.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Just now, I lost.]

Vocalizing a hard truth, Aldebaran was overwhelmed by a sense of defeat.

Valga Cromwell’s stratagem from a moment ago had hit the bullseye on the Authority-wielding Aldebaran, a flawless artifice that accounted for even the time limit of the Divine Dragon’s return.

“Aldebaran’s” breath, a show of intimidation to end the battle.

When that had been transformed into an inescapable trap, Aldebaran’s matrix would repeat forevermore, forcing him straight towards an unending Death, until his soul was finally worn down to naught.

Harrowing was the ingenious plot of Valga Cromwell, who had delivered the Demi-Human War into a hellish state of civil warfare―― no, this checkmate had not been begotten by that origin alone.

Aldebaran: [Using five-hundred people, all my choices were whittled away.]

Unmistakably, therein laid Aldebaran’s cause of defeat.

The incessant onslaught of attacks in waves from five-hundred people, each and every one of them squeezing out every ounce of their lives in a desperate effort to challenge him, caused Aldebaran’s mental strength to be gradually chipped away, impairing his judgment. Upon many junctures, he had needed to redo due to a simple error in judgment, and he overcame them by forcing his way through with a great number of attempts―― in the end, he had made a critical mistake as he closed in to secure victory.

Losing his temper due to his exchange with Valga, Aldebaran had misjudged the matrix update site.

Likely, even that had been part of the trap Valga had set. Falling right into it, nearly all possibilities were about to have been sealed off.

――No matter the trap, no matter the enemy, in the end he would conquer them, no matter what.

That arrogance of Aldebaran had been mercilessly prodded by the cunning Great Strategist.

He ought to have known. That even if his Authority was invincible, Aldebaran himself, who exercised it, was banal.

That since he had not emerged victorious from a scenario in which he truly had no other choice but to win, Aldebaran had betrayed the many who had held expectations of him, and had washed up here.

Aldebaran, had utterly wasted the treasure in his possession beyond his own station――,

Aldebaran: [――Priscilla, I…]

Couldn’t save her , it happened at the moment his husky sigh was about to vocalize the height of his self-punishment.

???: [Nobody move!!]

A shrill voice resounded, breaking through the stagnant atmosphere enveloping the plain of the battlefield.

With the Divine Dragon summoned, and the stratagem of the Great Strategist who wielded his fury in the Demi-Human War failing, the central figures of this battle had gathered in this place, and taking initiative was the red-haired maid―― Yae.

Hindered by Grassis’s ambush, Yae had been delayed in providing Aldebaran cover, but now, with steel threads, she had bound Grassis at the entrance to the forest, as well as Manfred at a corner of the plain, turning both of them over.

Furthermore――,

Felt: [――Hk, are these the threads that tied up Rachins and the rest?]

The Star Staff having dropped to her feet, Felt clicked her tongue in loathing.

All of Felt’s limbs were bound by steel threads, the movements of her body having been completely sealed.

That was to say, the tables had been turned.

Yae: [For such remarkable rudeness towards your noble station, I humbly proffer my dearest apologies, Felt-sama.]

Felt: [I ain’t nothing like a noble… Why the hell are you following that helmet bastard?]

Yae: [Isn’t yielding to the most terrifying opponent the most natural of things~?]

Flatly sticking out her tongue, Yae responded to the immobilized Felt with her usual demeanor.

Witnessing that exchange in the corner of his eye, Aldebaran took a step back to distance himself from Valga. But then again, with his stratagem having failed, Valga was down on his knees, unmoving.

His stratagem, upon which his life had been staked, had been a swing and a miss. That exhaustion could be called natural, but below Aldebaran, present in the eyes of that exceedingly clever old giant, was a hue more poignant than a simple sense of defeat.

Valga: […I don’t care what happens ta me. Just don’t lay a hand on Felt.]

Aldebaran: [Those are the words I’d wanted to hear. Though, I hadn’t wanted to see that face.]

Faced with Valga’s expression as he wrung out his appeal with difficulty, Aldebaran answered with his true feelings.

Being the ones to have picked this fight, asking him to not lay a hand on her was far too convenient a request. But, if the table could thus be set to put an end to this battle, his sense of relief surpassed his irritation.

Naturally, with the revisions to the plan that had been thrown into disarray, Aldebaran’s seven days had become something far more difficult.

Even so, finishing a battle against the first opponent to ever defeat him aside from the Witch, his deep sentiments towards that fact currently exceeded everything else――,

???: [――Yo, me, looks like that went pretty damn rough, didn’t it?]

With a beat of its wings as it perched down on the ground, “Aldebaran” called out to Aldebaran.

Frankly, he felt that it was far too lacking in guilt for having almost ruined everything with its erroneous shooting, but he had made it abandon its duty of drawing as much of the Kingdom’s attention away as it could in half a day, recalling it to him. So in regards to disappointment, he would close his eyes here and call it mutual.

“Aldebaran”: [So? Seems like you unexpectedly came to clash with Lil’ Miss Felt and her gang, but what on earth was that just now?]

Aldebaran: [A trap to make the other me accidentally shoot at me. It felt like I’d been completely checkmated on a Shatranj board… In truth, that was about to be the case.]

“Aldebaran”: [That sorta thing, it brings back unpleasant memories of being thoroughly beaten by Teacher.]

Sharing the same Memories from the Book of the Dead, “Aldebaran’s” words caused Aldebaran to remember being childishly obliterated on the Shatranj board by the Witch who had bestowed him with all sorts of knowledge, putting him in a foul mood.

Nonetheless, games atop a board were fundamentally different to the battlefield upon which Aldebaran commanded his Authority. Valga had been a truly dreadful enemy.

Aldebaran: [Nah, perhaps the real frightening thing’s the virtue of Lil’ Miss Felt, who you bow to.]

Valga: […It ain’t as tho’ we’re bowin’ down ta Felt.]

Aldebaran: [――. I guess that’d be so.]

Whilst being fellow Royal Candidates, Felt and Priscilla each shone in their own ways.

If the dazzling nature of the sun one looked up to was different, the way in which it scorched their eyes would also vary. Therein laid not a matter of which was correct, but merely a difference of which light one chose to revere above their head.

And, those who had decided to revere Felt, were Valga and――,

Aldebaran: [――So, that’s how it is for all of you?]

Within Aldebaran’s vision were the ruffians who had come crawling out from the forest―― wounded from the battle, whilst lending their shoulders to one another, were five-hundred people who had yet to lose their fighting spirit.

Aldebaran: [――――]

As Valga had threatened, as long as their lives were not taken, they would force their wounded bodies up over and again, struggling onward to attempt to defeat Aldebaran.

Faced with their resolute expressions, Aldebaran was once again made keenly aware. ――To go down a path that would no longer receive affirmation from anybody in the world, he was made keenly aware of the effects of having decided so.

Aldebaran: [But, the situation’s changed from earlier. You guys’ve no longer got any shot at victory. Same old story as the Sword Saint and the Witch of Envy. ――The Divine Dragon completely breaks the game .]

The outrageousness of the Divine Dragon was something akin to ignoring one’s pieces and directly throwing a punch at the opponent during a match atop a Shatranj board. In this world, there were a fixed number of beings who existed outside that “framework”.

Of those beings, one he had sealed, one he had subdued, one he had utilized, and one he had enlisted as an ally. ――Aldebaran would not hesitate to use every ounce of its advantages.

Hence――,

Aldebaran: [Sorry, but I’m forcing a game-set here. We’ll be making it so you guys won’t be able to chase us from here on out――]

Yae: [――Felt-sama, could you stay still?]

Aldebaran: [――?]

Abruptly, Yae’s quiet voice interrupted Aldebaran’s counsel to yield.

When he glanced in her direction to see, Yae was standing on Felt’s back, the latter restrained by steel wires, and as Yae directed a sharp gaze towards her, she uttered a warning.

However, Felt prefaced “I ain’t gonna move” to Yae, and,

Felt: [――Look at me.]

Indeed, she quietly wove those words.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Hearing Felt’s utterance, Aldebaran, Yae, and even Valga, all knit their eyebrows.

Her intent was unclear; Aldebaran suspected that there might have been some stratagem that would activate once she came into vision, but Felt herself was apprehended by Yae, and she was literally incapable of doing a thing.

In that state, there was not a single thing she could do. ――In the girl’s red eyes dwelled a strength of will that betrayed any such notions.

And then――,

“Aldebaran”: [Ah, a bit of a problem’s come up, me.]

So said “Aldebaran”, who had been rubbing the cheek that had basked in the Star Staff’s blast with its forefoot.

The brunt of that puzzling voice was directed towards Aldebaran, who shared the same Memories and personality―― but, “Aldebaran” did not look at him as it spoke.

It was not a matter of a poor attitude. The eyes of the Dragon were trained upon Felt.

――It was as if to say that taking its eyes off of Felt would be difficult, immensely so.

Before Aldebaran could investigate what that meant, rather than rubbing its cheek, “Aldebaran” was trying to fiddle with the metal fixtures of the helmet it was not wearing out of habit,

“Aldebaran”: [Try as I might, I don’t wanna refuse Farsale’s… Lil’ Miss Felt’s request.]

And so, the occurrence of a definite problem was thus disclosed.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Farsale, thy recklessness hath exhausted mineself, and everyone else akin.]

When the Divine Dragon had spoken thus to her, Felt had been traversing the Augria Sand Dunes, aiming for the Pleiades Watchtower with Meili Portroute in tow as to prove the latter’s utility.

It seemed to have been intimidated by Reinhard’s presence, so the Divine Dragon Volcanica, meant to be protecting the Tower, had hastily attacked Felt and her group.

The fierce battle seemed like it would scatter half of the Sand Dunes’ entirety away, and there was no doubt that it was the flashiest battle Felt had witnessed in all her life.

Ultimately, no conclusion was drawn in the battle between Reinhard and Volcanica. After all, Volcanica’s combativeness had withdrawn upon seeing Felt, leaving it an unfinished battle.

The battle having thus ended in an incomprehensible manner, that had been the first thing the Dragon had said.

Felt: [Who the hell’re you calling Farsale, stop screwing around.]

As the Divine Dragon impolitely mistook her for another, Felt had taken offense.

On the other hand, regarding the name “Farsale” that Volcanica had spoken, even Felt was not so ignorant as to not have a clue.

In this Kingdom of Lugunica, if the name Farsale came from the Divine Dragon Volcanica’s mouth, that referred to the being known as the last Lion King, the one who had spearheaded the formation of the Covenant between the Kingdom and the Dragon―― none other than Farsale Lugunica.

That was to say, Volcanica had mistaken Felt for the last Lion King.

Farsale Lugunica unmistakably ought to have been a male King, so to be mistaken for him really made her angry. In the year and a half since the Royal Selection had begun, perhaps thanks to her dramatic improvement in nourishment from her days in the slums, Felt’s body had grown considerably.

Her figure ought to have become somewhat more visible from her malnourished state, with its unclarity as to whether she was male or female.

That confidence of hers had been wounded, and thus her contact with the Divine Dragon, who most people in the Dragon Kingdom had never been able to meet, had been no enjoyable affair for Felt.

Nonetheless, it had not ended with just that experience of an unenjoyable meeting.

Perhaps because it had been extremely close with Farsale, Volcanica was incredibly friendly towards Felt―― frankly, it was unreasonably attached to her.

Despite its head being as empty as a senile old man, it was still quick to obey Felt’s words without hesitation.

Felt: [The promise between the Lugunican Royal Family, and Volcanica, huh…]

Since no material records existed, the relationship between the Lion King and Divine Dragon, what words they exchanged, and in what manner they made their promise, such minute details were unknown.

Only, Felt fully understood that there existed something between the two, something that was neither a one-sided employment, nor was it simply fellowship and a deep bond.

Moreover, mistaking Felt for Farsale, Volcanica was laudably trying to maintain their Covenant formed long ago; Felt was not so heartless as to not feel anything regarding that.

Not to mention, it did not seem that Volcanica was mixing her up with Farsale just because of her hair and eye color.

As for what exactly that signified, Felt had come up with somewhat of a conclusion within herself, but at the current point in time, without Reinhard by her side, she had no intention of putting it into words.

The important thing was that to Volcanica, Felt filled the place of Farsale.

That was to say――,

Felt: [――Look at me.]

As soon as she had pronounced so, the reactions of the helmet bastard and the shinobi maid, who looked at her suspiciously, and Volcanica―― no, the Divine Dragon, who had flicked its head to look at her, were evidently quite different.

Without a doubt, the Divine Dragon’s reaction to Felt’s words was compelled by a force that the others had not felt, evidence that it had experienced a sensation difficult to ignore.

And, to counter the time limit on this battle that Rom-jii had defined in advance―― the wildcard of the helmet bastard summoning the Divine Dragon to the battlefield, this was the one and only measure.

The moment she became convinced of it having worked, Felt shouted.

Felt: [Everyone, lend a shoulder to the wounded and withdraw! This fight is over!]

Helmet Bastard: [Wha…]

Felt: [The Divine Dragon can’t ignore me! This is our moment to call it quits!]

The helmet bastard was left speechless at the declaration that had flown right over his head. Feeling good about the helmet bastard’s dumbfounded reaction, Felt looked past him over to Rom-jii.

His face stiffening, as Rom-jii’s wrinkles grew even deeper,

Rom: [Felt… I’m…]

Felt: [I told you, Rom-jii. If the Divine Dragon returned, this is what I’d do. You silently plotted on your own, Rom-jii. I properly consulted with you, and my action here makes logical sense.]

Rom: [Nghh…!]

To Felt’s direct words, Rom-jii fell silent with no reply.

Both Felt and Rom-jii had considered the case in which the Divine Dragon was to return. Only, the countermeasures they had intended for when that situation arrived differed between the two of them.

As she had said, Felt’s properly consulted plan ought to have been of far more sound reasoning.

Helmet Bastard: [Oi, were you being serious just now?]

Beside the exchange between Felt and Rom-jii, the helmet bastard, who had stood back up from the impact, posed that question to the Divine Dragon high above himself.

In response, as the Divine Dragon gave a deep exhale from its nostrils,

Divine Dragon: [As super seriously serious as serious can be. Having come to this point, my level of self-restraint is such that I’d like you to praise me for not changing sides over to Lil’ Miss Felt. If you weren’t me, I’d have betrayed you without a second thought.]

Helmet Bastard: [That joke’s crossing a line, oi…]

Fidgeting with the metal fixtures on his helmet, the helmet bastard’s shoulders drooped at the Divine Dragon’s answer.

Hearing the two converse, Felt harbored a sense of unease―― she was concerned about the evident discrepancy in the Divine Dragon’s demeanor from before, but she did not have the time to point it out at that moment.

Here and now, Felt had to press on by using herself as fortunate countermeasure against the Divine Dragon, allowing the defeated Rom-jii and the others to evacuate to safety――,

???: [――You don’t know when to quit, Felt-sama.]

Felt: [――――]

Directly after that seemed to be whispered into her ear, a fine pressure tightened around her neck. With a closer look, digging into Felt’s neck was a thread so thin that it would go unnoticed to the unstrained eye, causing blood to run down.

Of course, the perpetrator of that act was the shinobi maid who had tied Felt up with threads.

Helmet Bastard: [Yae, stop it! Follow my orders…]

Shinobi Maid: [I’m prepared to be punished as I counsel you this, Al-sama. We’d better finish off Felt-sama here. After all, even I could tell that your consultation with the Divine Dragon-sama just now didn’t progress in a desirable direction.]

Helmet Bastard: [That’s…]

Divine Dragon: [――That’s a no-go, Yae. I won’t allow it if you do it.]

In place of the faltering helmet bastard, the one to threaten the shinobi maid―― Yae, was the Divine Dragon, having slightly lowered its head.

The Divine Dragon’s ire, the brunt of its overpowering glare was enough to make one feel pain as if their skin was charring. However, basking in that ire, Yae calmly glared back at the Dragon,

Yae: [Unfortunately, Al-sama is the one I’m afraid of, no~t the Divine Dragon-sama. There’s nothing scary whatsoever about your glare.]

Divine Dragon: [YAEEE…!]

Helmet Bastard: [Stop it, both of you! Don’t recklessly quarrel, they’ll take advantage of it!]

Butting into the confrontation between Yae and the Divine Dragon, the helmet bastard was cautious of Felt and Rom-jii.

In truth, Felt could not do anything in her bound state, but even now, Rom-jii’s eyes had not ceased in their attempt to find an opening to pull something off.

At that fact, both Yae and the Divine Dragon withdrew their confrontational atmosphere for the time being, vigilant of Rom-jii.

Yae: [Butbut, this problem isn’t resolved. It’s a fact that Felt-sama is dangerous.]

Helmet Bastard: [I know… Me, is there really nothing you can do?]

Divine Dragon: [Yeah, my bad. It ain’t a matter of being bound by a compelling force, constraints, or an Oath, or anything like that. Only, I’m seriously against it, no matter what. My sense of self feels like it’s gonna split apart.]

With Yae’s comment, the views of the helmet bastard and the Divine Dragon formed parallel lines.

The helmet bastard had a course he wished to progress, and Yae and the Divine Dragon were in the position of following that, but it seemed like their intentions were not completely unified at their roots.

As it currently stood, the circumstances had the potential to fall either way.

In that case――,

Felt: [Let’s call it a draw here. You let my allies go, and in exchange, we’ll also let you guys go.]

Helmet Bastard: […Ain’t that a little too convenient. It may have been the result of having an advantage of coincidence on our side, but we demolished all of your plans, Lil’ Miss Felt. And yet, why would we call it a tie?]

Felt: [Do you really need me to spell it out for you? Our little squabble here had a mutual time limit of the Divine Dragon returning. But, if the Divine Dragon won’t lend a hand to either side, that disappears. And if that disappears, you’ll just have to fight around five-hundred people all over again.]

Helmet Bastard: [――――]

As she spoke, Felt carefully examined the helmet bastard, though his complexion remained hidden.

For what she could not see of his face, Felt gathered up all the information she could, such as what the helmet bastard was feeling within, his breathing, and minute gestures, and did her absolute best to see through him.

Within Felt’s current argument, there was a decisive hole that she herself was aware of. ――The entirety of the situation until now had materialized due to the helmet bastard making the unexpected decision to not kill anybody.

Were the helmet bastard to tear through that premise on a whim, it would all be over for Felt and her crew.

Even if restricted by the Divine Dragon’s movements, Yae’s threads could wrap around the necks of Felt’s five-hundred allies and strangle them to death, wiping them all out.

Of that, it was impossible that the helmet bastard himself was unaware. Hence, with all her might, all her body and spirit, to dissuade the helmet bastard from that idea, Felt would choose her words, refine them, and let them resound from her soul.

――She must convince him that continuing this battle would not be worth it.

Felt: [I’ll say this now, but this isn’t the sorta plan that my Rom-jii uses. If the battle continues, it’ll just be another case of his malicious knowledge getting put out on display.]

Helmet Bastard: […That’s frightening. But, that’d be just the same as letting you go here, yeah? Even if we call it a draw for the time being, you guys will challenge us again from square one and we’ll go in circles forever.]

Felt: [Right. That’s why, let’s do it this way. ――I’ll go with you as your hostage.]

Helmet Bastard: [――Hk.]

His breath slightly caught, and Felt could tell that the helmet bastard’s eyes had widened through his gestures. Feeling his reaction, Felt gently, not greedily, reeled that shining ray of hope in towards herself.

Felt: [If I’m with you, my guys won’t be able to get in your way. This was the victory condition you’d originally aimed for in order to win this battle, yeah?]

Yae: [Nothing will come of this. To think we’d deliberately bring along a disrupting element. And such a proposal, there would be no sense in it if Felt-sama manages to escape――]

Felt: [In that case, you can just keep this thread attached to me. You too, Divine Dragon, if I break my promise and die trying to escape, that’d be my own responsibility. You don’t need to get angry.]

Divine Dragon: [Oi oi oi, there’s no chance of that, Farsale.]

Felt: [I ain’t Farsale.]

Yae, who had interjected, and the Divine Dragon, who had tried to deny her, both pondered Felt’s words.

All the while, Felt stared right at the helmet bastard, who like herself, had the right to decide things in this location, and then,

Felt: [What will you do? Whether this continues or not, is up to you.]

Helmet Bastard: […I don’t wanna have to carry needless baggage.]

Felt: [――――]

Helmet Bastard: [But, it’s also true that this is no time for me to be having a dispute with myself. It should be fine to go along with Lil’ Miss Felt’s hostage plan. However――]

In deep, quiet deliberation, the helmet bastard carefully weaved his words. At the end of those words, he paused the terminus of his words as if to put on airs―― it happened then.

Rom: [RAHHHHHHH――!!]

As if to intrude on the tempo of the conversation, Rom-jii raised a battle cry and reached out his arms, seizing the helmet bastard from behind.

His brawny arms constricted the neck and waist of the helmet bastard, akin to how Yae had bound Felt, achieving a situation in which the leaders of both parties were mutually apprehended――,

Helmet Bastard: [――Dona.]

That instant, the helmet bastard’s incantation manifested him a left arm of rock, striking Rom-jii’s jaw with a heavy blow.

Borne of the stone prosthetic for his missing arm, the helmet bastard’s unexpected blow violently jolted Rom-jii’s brain, his large body producing an enormous sound as it collapsed onto the plain.

She was about to rush over to his side, but recalling the sensation on her neck, Felt refrained. Facing her, the helmet bastard took a deep breath after knocking out Rom-jii,

Helmet Bastard: [However, you’ll need to look past just this one punch to your gramps.]

With that, he appended the condition for ceasing hostilities after the fact, and thus accepted Felt’s proposal.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The unconscious Valga was shouldered by Grassis and Gaston, and was carried away.

As he watched this unbalance of physiques, Aldebaran diligently ascertained the withdrawal of the five-hundred ruffians―― no, of his formidable enemies, through to the very end.

Making sure that those formidable foes definitively passed beyond the horizon, and that nobody was attempting to pursue them covertly, “Aldebaran” also thoroughly verified.

“Aldebaran”: [There aren’t any risking it, everyone withdrew.]

Aldebaran: [Is that true, I wonder? Can I really believe you? You won’t betray me, will you?]

“Aldebaran”: [It’s a cliched development in manga for someone to be betrayed by another version of themselves, but rest assured for now. Currently, my backing towards Lil’ Miss Felt and my backing towards me’s balanced at a solid fifty-fifty.]

Aldebaran: [Sounds like I’m already treading in dangerous enough waters…]

Wondering to what extent that should be taken at its word, “Aldebaran’s” statement inspired a certain sense of dread.

It was something he had known from the start, but “Aldebaran” could only ever be “Aldebaran”; even if they shared Memories and a personality, it could never become Aldebaran himself.

It was an exceedingly reliable supporter for Aldebaran to fulfill his objective, but the truth was that it could never become more than just a supporter.

Yae: [――Al-sama~, I’ve finished inspecting Felt-sama’s belongings~.]

With that, Yae waved her hand as she returned to Aldebaran, the latter submerged in deep thought.

He had ordered her to conduct a thorough search of Felt’s person―― to investigate the possibility that Valga Cromwell had put something in her possession.

But then again, judging from Yae’s demeanor, nothing seemed to have been found on Felt.

Aldebaran: [How’d it go?]

Yae: [Let’s see~, she had a Conversation Mirror, so I shattered it.]

Aldebaran: [So you had one on you!? Oi, Lil’ Miss Felt!]

Felt: [Shut the hell up, I told her voluntarily. It’s not like I was hiding it, so there shouldn’t be a problem.]

As Aldebaran raised his voice, Felt poked her head out from “Aldebaran’s” shadow and talked back in dissatisfaction. There was no cover from trees in this sprawling plain, so Felt’s pat-down had been conducted behind the excessively large body of “Aldebaran”.

In any case, upon hearing Felt’s answer, he glared at Yae who then stuck out her tongue with a “Behhh”,

Yae: [It was just Yae-chan’s playful joke ~.]

Aldebaran: [You…]

Yae: [Please don’t take it so seriously~, Al-sama. After all, it’s not like you ever properly listen to what I’ve got to say, now do you?]

Aldebaran: [――. My bad.]

Yae: [I can’t hear you, so you’re not forgiven.]

Aldebaran: [MY BAD!]

He apologized with a loud shout, to which Yae ostentatiously covered her ears.

Yae’s attitude was childish and immature, but her taking on such an attitude was only natural. Aldebaran’s ego was forcing an unreasonable restriction upon Yae that prevented her from displaying even half of her true capabilities.

Nevertheless, since he had disciplined Yae through fear instead of granting her wishes, there was no room for any excuses regarding how much of a complete DV bastard he was.

Felt: [Geez, I get that you had to search me, but you don’t normally strip someone completely naked out in the open.]

As she stepped out from “Aldebaran’s” shadow, Felt muttered her own complaints. He glared at Yae upon hearing that remark, and with her hands still covering her ears, she was intent on evading any questioning about having conducted the harassment of needless stripping.

Aldebaran: […Well, just take that as being a common affair for losers. Lil’ Miss Felt, probably way more than you can imagine, I was really terrified by your gramps.]

Felt: [Heh, is that so now? Well, my Rom-jii’s just incredible… Though, I’ll absolutely never forgive him for trying to outmaneuver me.]

“Aldebaran”: [It seems like it was deep-rooted in him. In reality, things were quite close to a draw.]

Felt’s mood swung at her own expense as she praised Valga, to which “Aldebaran” gave a wry smile. Hearing “Aldebaran’s” words, she looked up at the face of the smiling Dragon,

Felt: [Reminds me, I’d wanted to ask, but you aren’t Volcanica, right?]

It was hard to say just how much of the circumstances she had grasped, but Felt’s suspicions regarding “Aldebaran” were only natural if she had known the Divine Dragon from before the Book of the Dead had installed memories within it. Ignoring that and kicking up a loud fuss would only increase the hardships along the way, but――,

Felt: [The nii-chan from Emilia-neechan’s place, huh… Helmet bastard, it’s similar to the way you speak.]

Aldebaran: […Management decided that it wouldn’t sell like that, so the character is currently veering in a different direction. Also, quit calling me helmet bastard. It’s Aldebaran.]

Felt: [Aldebaran? Wasn’t it shorter?]

Aldebaran: [Since it felt too short for a belt and too long for a sleeve tie, management also decided that that one wouldn’t sell.] [1]

With that perfunctory answer, Aldebaran put off giving Felt a detailed explanation.

In any case, if Felt was accompanying them from here on out, “Aldebaran” would end up telling her even if Aldebaran did not. About how the renowned Divine Dragon of history became a frivolous and unserious clown.

Aldebaran: [Anyway, for now, I gotta modify the plan. We’ve only got around five days left.]

With the battle against Felt and the others cutting into his remaining time, there was no choice but to give his plan major revisions.

Be that as it may, the fact that they had reconvened with “Aldebaran” ahead of schedule, meant that it was possible for them to hold a constructive outlook of its usefulness in dramatically shortening the length of their journey.

Though, there was the concern that the Royal Army, which was originally supposed to assemble in the north, had not fallen for the diversion so well as the plan had intended, but――,

Aldebaran: [By the way, we don’t have the option of tying Lil’ Miss Felt up and leaving her here, do we?]

“Aldebaran”: [If she hadn’t said “Look at me”, then you might’ve.]

Aldebaran: [I thought there’s no compelling force.]

“Aldebaran”: [There isn’t. I just feel like I wanna comply with whatever she requests.]

Met with a considerably deranged response, Aldebaran was completely at his wits’ end.

The Sword Saint, Reinhard; the Great Strategist, Valga Cromwell; and finally the Divine Dragon, Volcanica; for Felt to have made all of them her supporters, just how many stars of destiny shone above her?

Aldebaran: [Can you really stand losing to those stars, Aldebaran-san?]

Even if he could not deny the narrow victory, the stalemate, and the sensation of carrying an unexploded ordnance, it was true that Aldebaran had overcome the situations until now through a desperate struggle with death.

Without forgetting that truth, he would take it as a warning and a guiding light in order to proceed onto what followed from here.

Felt: [So? What are you guys planning on doing from here on out, and where?]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Felt: [So you won’t even tell me that? If you refrain from feeding a fish that you caught too much, you might end up the one with a bad taste in your mouth, Aldebaran.]

Calling out Aldebaran’s name, Felt flashed her high canine in a smile.

Around her neck was steel wire tied by Yae, and she was in a hostage situation as she herself had proposed. Nevertheless, the glint in the girl’s eye showed no signs of her fighting spirit diminishing, so after stifling his hesitation, Aldebaran spoke.

The answer to Felt’s question, that was to say, Aldebaran’s destination――,

Aldebaran: [――We’re headed for the Grand Mogolade Geyser, right in the heart of Kararagi. There lies the one and only hole in this world that connects to a place nobody can reach. I’ve got something that I need to throw away there.]

Felt: […For that purpose alone, you’re kicking up this much of a storm?]

Aldebaran: [Yeah, that’s right. It’s necessary. ――So that I may be myself.]

Felt likely could not imagine the significance of that deed, and Aldebaran made it clear through the strength of his words that he had no intention of helping her imagination draw any closer.

Taking that in, Felt narrowed her red eyes, and gave up on what she was about to say. ――Though, he knew that what she was about to say would have been regarding she who was no longer among them.

???: [――Hk! W-woh!? W-what the hell!? What happened!? Oi! Aldebaran! Maid! How the hell did this… Shit! My back fucking hurts!]

That enigmatic atmosphere between Aldebaran and Felt was noisily and clumsily destroyed by Heinkel as he finally woke up, invoking a sense that the battle was now well and truly over.

Even so, there was no mistaking the awful sense of involuntary gratitude he thus felt towards Heinkel himself.

Translation Notes:

[1] – 帯に短し襷に長し means “Too short for a belt, too long for a sleeve tie” in reference to kimonos . The meaning of this idiom is that something is not good for either purpose.

--- Chapter 23: The Gang’s All Here ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――By the time Rom-jii had woken up, several hours had already passed since the retreat from the siege in the forest.

???: [In the end, they only took Felt with them and left the rest of us alone… This is what happens when we pick a fight. It’s lame as hell.]

So added Rachins, who had just finished reporting the damages to their Camp to the recently awoken Rom-jii.

Rachins was unable to hide his feelings of embarrassment, and it was easy to imagine the sense of defeat stirring in his chest. Of course, the same sense of defeat was also present within Rom-jii’s wide chest.

However, Rom-jii had experienced far more lost battles throughout his life than Rachins.

Rom: [The number of losses I got under my belt’s pathetic, nothin’ ta be proud of.]

If Rom-jii were to count the victories in his life on his fingers, would he even require both hands?

Even if he could achieve smaller victories, he always came out losing by the end of the war; that was the win-loss record of the old giant who had wasted his years. He could not decide whether or not to be proud of the fact that he had always managed to escape from each losing battle with his life.

It could be said that surviving and enduring the shame that followed, had led Rom-jii to happen across something irreplaceable in his life. ――However, he had now been deprived of that irreplaceable thing.

Rom: [What’s Felt’s situation? The best way ta find out is…]

Rachins: [About that, unfortunately they dealt with Manfred’s Divine Protection of Farsight. It ain’t just the helmet bastard, the maid he had with him seemed pretty sharp too. I guess he’s lucky he got away with only his eye gouged out.]

Rom: [As I thought, they didn’t leave that be. I s’ppose that was an unreasonable expectation.]

The aforementioned Divine Protection of Farsight was a highly practical Divine Protection in terms of possible tactics and strategies that allowed the user to locate and monitor a target’s location from afar.

It had been used by Manfred Madison, who served as the head of the Balance in the union of the Flanders criminal underworld that had cooperated with Felt’s group―― however, the Divine Protection of Farsight itself was not borne upon him, but rather, he had gained it as a result of stealing it from someone it had been bestowed unto.

The Black Silver Coin and the Flower Prison Garden were also organizations deeply rooted in Flanders, but the Balance was different; it was a notorious group with a long and shady history that existed outside of the city.

Most notably, the Balance possessed a technique to steal Divine Protections―― Rom-jii speculated that they had likely kept the original holder of the Divine Protection alive, having a proxy use the body part that served as the source of their Divine Protection.

In short, if a Divine Protection holder possessing the Divine Protection of Farsight, which affected the eyes, had their eyes removed and transplanted, the effects of that Divine Protection could be freely inherited. ――Of course, one could not just remove their eyeballs and replace them to use a Divine Protection at will. Therein lay the secret technique possessed only by the Balance, a sacrament never to be revealed to outsiders.

Regardless of the technique, if the eyeballs that served as the source of the Divine Protection of Farsight were destroyed, then relying on Manfred to continue tracking Felt’s movements was no longer an option.

Rom: [Still, with Manfred missin’ an eye ‘n the rest of us in such terrible condition… it’s a miracle we’re all still alive, ain’t it.]

Rachins: [A miracle, huh. I just can’t accept it like that.]

Rachins loudly clicked his tongue in a dissatisfied manner at the muttering of Rom-jii, who was rubbing his chin.

They had taken on this challenge with the determination to risk their lives, and they survived. As one would expect, Rachins would not say anything about regretting not being able to die like someone from the Empire would, but since he had lost to an opponent who had imposed unnecessary restrictions on themselves, Rom could understand the feeling of being shown he was clearly outmatched in power.

But, if he was able to feel that frustration after giving it his all, then Rachins still had a future ahead of him. It was surely the same for Gaston and Camberley.

???: [――Rom-sama, are you awake?]

Rom: [Hm, that you, Grassis?]

And, just as the conversation came to a halt, Grassis suddenly appeared.

At the end of the battle, she had last been seen tied up by the thread user called Yae, but she seemed to be in much better condition than Rachins from the looks of it.

Despite their young appearances, she and her sister Flam had been trained by the Astrea Family from birth, ranking them in the upper echelon of the many combatants that Rom-jii had ever met. Her excellent control of the Flow Method greatly contributed to the recovery of her wounds and physical strength, so she already seemed to have fully recuperated.

Rom: [Don’t go usin’ that as an excuse ta be reckless, tho’… How’s yer Divine Protection lookin’?]

Grassis: [It’s almost ready to be used again… If Flam is not dead.]

Rachins: [Don’t jinx it like that…! But, I can’t say for sure if she’s alive… Even if the helmet bastard didn’t lay a hand on her, Reinhard and the Witch are still at the Sand Dunes…]

Grassis: [Rachins-sama, cheer up, alright?]

Rachins: [Why am I the one being comforted!? You’re the one who should be upset!]

Grassis gave Rachins a light pat on his hunched back, only for the latter to snap at her, sticking out his long tongue in frustration.

At his outburst, Grassis let out a casual “Wah” without looking the least bit startled. Instead, she swiftly slipped behind Rom-jii, peeking out from behind him with a dramatic sulky glare at the childish young man.

It was their usual playful banter. But Rom-jii simply placed a large hand, bigger than the girl’s head, on her and gently ruffled her hair,

Rom: [We’re all feelin’ the same concern for those at the Tower. Once yer Divine Protection’s ready, let us know immediately.]

Grassis: […Acknowledged.]

Rachins: [Who even talks like that!?]

Accepting Rom-jii’s hand, Grassis gave a brief nod, while Rachins overreacted as usual.

It was precisely because their antics led to Rachins displaying such immediate results that the mischievous sisters always had a field day teasing him. But, perhaps acting like nothing was wrong was what Grassis needed right now.

And for Rachins, it kept him from spiraling into an endless cycle of defeat-induced frustration.

Rom: [Young’uns should burn with a defiant spirit. Reflecting on this is my job.]

Despite gathering an army of five-hundred men and carefully choosing the most advantageous battlefield possible, Rom-jii and the others had lost their fight against the helmet bastard, and Felt had been taken hostage.

This was a devastating defeat, no doubt the worst since the Demi-Human War.

However, if there was one thing that set this loss apart from Rom-jii’s past failures, it was the fact that this time, it was neither entirely fruitless nor completely unforeseen.

――Though it was a method they had hoped to avoid, the possibility of the helmet bastard summoning the Divine Dragon in a moment of desperation had been a constant concern. Given that, Felt’s existence had always been considered a potential shackle to prevent such an outcome.

And they had known beforehand that the Divine Dragon Volcanica was the helmet bastard’s main force.

Thus, even if Felt’s group had been unable to defeat the helmet bastard in this battle, they had at least set a minimum goal of shackling his strongest asset. Of course, the ideal outcome would have been victory, but they had still met their lowest expectations, and on top of that, they now had a clearer understanding of the nature of his Authority.

If victory was the best possible result, then this was the second-best―― no, with Felt taken hostage, it was more like the third-best outcome.

Rom: [That said, now that he’s experienced it firsthand, the same method won’t work ta break his Authority again. Felt’s in his hands now… We’ll need ta get creative with our approach.]

Naturally, Rom-jii had no intention of giving up here.

The helmet bastard had chosen not to take their lives for his own reasons. Because of that, most of their fighting force had remained intact, giving them the room to come up with a plan and strike once more.

No one would dare call making full use of this opportunity cowardly or dishonorable.

Rom: [For whatever reason, that helmet bastard seemed unwilling ta waste even a moment standin’ still. At this rate, even if he takes short breaks, he won’t have the chance ta get some proper reset anywhere. Mental exhaustion’ll only expose the weaknesses in his Authority. If Felt’s shacklin’ the Divine Dragon, then our openin’s even bigger. Surprisingly, seems like the helmet bastard ‘n his allies ain’t as united as they――]

Muttering to himself, Rom-jii carefully processed the information he had gathered from the battle with his larger-than-most head.

If one were to accuse him of being calculating right after their loss, he had no excuse, but in Rom-jii’s mind, their defeat was already over. His thoughts had shifted toward the next battle, and strategies were already taking shape.

There might be some who would curse that as cold-hearted. Felt, who was practically his granddaughter, had been abducted, and he could not even be sure of her safety. Despite that, rather than turning his thoughts to concern and anxiety, he instead focused on the next battle.

But――,

Rachins: [――Shit. This is just making me feel even more pathetic.]

Looking at the profile of the cold-hearted old giant thinking, Rachins felt no hatred, only frustration that refused to fade.

Grassis: [Rachins-sama, do your best.]

Rachins: [Shut the hell up! Why are you acting like this doesn’t concern you!?]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Expand territory, matrix redefinition.]

A whisper spilling out from within his mouth, Aldebaran defined a new restart point.

Finally escaping a predicament that had taken twenty-nine-thousand two-hundred and twenty-one attempts of trial and error to surmount, thinking that he had passed a checkpoint, he took a small breather.

Long and deep, exhaling until all the air left his lungs, Aldebaran adjusted the position of his helmet,

Aldebaran: […Sorry, I’ve calmed down now.]

???: [No not at all~, please don’t worry in the slightest. Rather, are you really fine with that sort of rest? If you’d like, Yae-chan’s thighs are available for loan?]

Aldebaran: [Nah, I’m fine without borrowing ‘em.]

Yae: [They’re super soft~ and spongy~, y’know?]

Aldebaran: [I’m fine.]

With a wave of his hand, Aldebaran bluntly refused Yae’s alluring consideration.

On the receiving end, Yae pouted her lips with a “Tsk~”, but she likely did not care as much as her reaction implied. Those invitations of hers were a habit, and Aldebaran also always refused her.

Even so, Yae’s presence, never leaving his side, was a huge help. In the sense that she shouldered the burden.

Aldebaran: [My headache’s more-or-less subsided…]

Spilling those words, Aldebaran was relieved by the reduction of the headache induced by his mental state.

Including the fact that he had nearly been defeated, his battle against the Felt Armed Forces had exhausted him far too much mentally. The result of dismissing that whittled down state, was a near defeat that had just barely secured victory.

Aldebaran: [Naturally, I can’t do a mental reset in the middle of a fight…]

In this case, mental reset referred to how Aldebaran would use his Authority to spend as much time as possible in an absent-minded daze, then gulp down poison and restart his matrix. Doing that over and over was the drastic move that aimed to restore his dead-end of a mental state, heightened nerves and frayed mind.

As long as he had an environment to settle down in and the means to restart, it was a technique that allowed him to bring his heart to as much tranquility as he liked, but even if he settled his heart, there was a shortcoming in that the fatigue of his body and brain would not simply fade.

In reality, due to the extreme accumulation of lack of sleep and fatigue, Aldebaran had been left with serious damage.

Aldebaran: [This is a joke, but if I borrowed Yae’s thighs, I’d fall in an instant.]

Yae: [Does that mean you’d fall deeply in love with Yae-chan?]

Aldebaran: [Nah, I mean I’d fall unconscious. When you talk flippantly like that to me, it helps to distract me.]

Slowly shaking his head, Aldebaran forced back the weight of his body as it leaned forward.

Currently, Aldebaran and his party were travelling west from the plain of the fierce battle, avoiding attention, and after completing a thorough safety check, Aldebaran had spent his time resting.

But then again, even if he was spending his own time, it was not a considerable amount of real time.

Aldebaran: [By the way, I’d like to consult you on this, but if I’m about to collapse, would doping on Dragon’s Blood be a possible option? Or no?]

And, fiddling with the metal fixtures on his helmet, Aldebaran raised an idea to “Aldebaran”.

Along with Yae, “Aldebaran” had been part of the personnel guarding the surroundings, and hearing Aldebaran’s question, it prefaced “Here’s the thing” as it adroitly scratched its snout with its front leg,

“Aldebaran”: [Ah, it’s difficult to draw a reliable comparison between this Dragon body and that exceedingly feeble original body of mine, but if you take undiluted Dragon’s Blood, I think you’d prolly just go bang.]

Aldebaran: [Bang… a different outcome from the Duchess in Pristella, huh?]

“Aldebaran”: [I became aware of this upon getting this body, but ignoring Natsuki Subaru, whose insides are a chaotic mess of curses, it’s a miracle that the Duchess could endure it in her condition. I suppose there’s the fact that she’s close to the Royal Family.]

Aldebaran: […Even if we talk about diluting it, I doubt it’d be fine to simply water it down. By the way, I kinda have it in my head that shinobi ain’t just well versed in poisons, but medicine too, so what about Dragon’s Blood?]

Yae: [It’s a rare opportunity so I’m intrigued, but Yae-chan’s heart would never last if Al-sama became an even more frightening monster, so I’m agai~nst it.]

While an issue regarding feelings was pushed into the forefront, in truth, as long as one was not an expert, there was little hope that a deed such as the dilution of Dragon’s Blood could be carried out.

They could not mass produce a final elixir so easily. The world was not so simple.

“Aldebaran”: [I’ll at least apply some healing magic on you. There, passerby heal .]

Aldebaran: [We’re in the same party , so it’s not a passerby heal , but a dutiful heal .]

At Aldebaran’s riposte, the Divine Dragon unleashed an overabundance of healing magic through its power.

Unfortunately, he bore few external wounds, and it naturally did not grow Aldebaran a new left arm, but he did gain the consolation that he would be healed even were he to bear any serious injuries.

Well, if he did suffer a serious injury he would gulp down poison instead of waiting for healing, so it was quite literally just consolation.

Yae: [By the way, Vol-sama, may I ask something~?]

“Aldebaran”: […Ah! Vol-sama, meaning me? Took me a sec since it didn’t click at all. What’s up?]

Yae: [Your feelings towards Felt-sama, have they calmed down a bit?]

Clad in a nonchalant air, Yae’s question was obvious in its intent through the slightly tensed atmosphere, so Aldebaran narrowed his eyes within his helmet.

And, having perceived the same thing, “Aldebaran” did the same.

“Aldebaran”: [If by calmed down you mean decreased, then it’s actually the opposite. It’s scary how much love is overflowing. The distance that keeps us apart only fosters stronger feelings.]

Aldebaran: [You’re not so far away to say there’s a distance keeping you apart, and I just can’t get behind that affection.]

With a choice of words styled after the latter “Aldebaran” poked fun at Aldebaran, but as the latter had emotions akin to those present at the time those words were uttered, a considerable portion of that was likely how it truly felt.

The intention of that also seemed to have been communicated to Yae, so she nodded with a “Is that so~”, and,

Yae: [She really is a hindrance~, that Felt-sama. Can we not get rid of her successfully?]

“Aldebaran”: [Yae, I’ll say this now, but…]

Yae: [Ah~, you’re jumping to conclusions. I knew Vol-sama would have that sorta reaction, so I wanted to discuss a non-dangerous method~. ――At worst, if Felt-sama happened to try to run away, me, Al-sama, and Vol-sama would all then be happy . Wouldn’t that make you happy , Vol-sama?]

Aldebaran: [Even I wouldn’t be particularly happy .]

Yae: [Even though a source of distress would vanish?]

Aldebaran: [――. You’ve also been a bit of a source of distress for me.]

Yae: [Oh dear, I’ve stirred the hornet’s nest.]

With a facepalm, Yae responded in a manner of jest.

The happy method she had hoped for was the condition brought up by Felt at the time she became their hostage―― that it was fine to kill her if she tried to escape; it had become a habit for Yae to touch upon that. Felt and “Aldebaran” had made a promise that if that time came, there would be no hard feelings even if she died.

However, even if that was a logical promise between Felt and “Aldebaran”―― no, the Divine Dragon, it was not an end Aldebaran desired.

Things had ended up with this relationship and way of doing things, but Aldebaran wished to return Felt to the Royal Selection safe and sound, so that she could vie for the throne in high spirits until the very end.

Of course, judging by “Aldebaran’s” reactions, the suspicions that befell Felt, which had been initially brought up at Lugunica’s Royal Castle, had been all but confirmed.

Aldebaran: [After all, this dragon’s way too madly in love from the bottom of its heart for it to just be brushed off as an accidental resemblance. In reality, how much of the original personality seems like it’ll come to the surface?]

“Aldebaran”: [The fact that this is a container, a dragonhusk, won’t waver. You don’t need to worry about the original personality popping out all of a sudden to say hi. The little amount of residual feelings just strongly assert themselves, and it’s sorta an image of the strength of that assertion undulating.]

Aldebaran: […By the way, those residual feelings, how much do you remember?]

“Aldebaran”: [I like Farsale. I dislike Reid. Everything else is fuzzy.]

Aldebaran: [The First Generation Sword Saint, huh? Don’t bring up a legend so casually, it scares me.]

The First Generation Sword Saint was a being whose name he had heard often from the Witch, but the tales told by those who knew him directly would paint him in the worst light reputation-wise. Just now a new testimony from the Divine Dragon’s residual feelings had been added, so it was likely true that he had been a good-for-nothing.

Aldebaran would be lying if he said that the rest being fuzzy did not bother him, but――,

Aldebaran: [Oh, that reminds me, Yae and the Dragon me are both here with me now, but what about Lil’ Miss Felt and the old man?]

Yae: [The two of them are on standby over there. Heinkel-sama’s taking responsibility, keeping a keen eye on Felt-sama.]

Aldebaran: [Pairing those two together, that’s the worst thing you could’ve done!]

Yae: [――. Ah~, I messed u~p, Yae-chan was careless.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Yae seemed to have done so on purpose, and hearing her response, Aldebaran took a deep breath, and stood up.

Due to the working conditions he was giving Yae, he had to be willing to accept this prickling harassment.

“Aldebaran”: [Oh, are you headed over to Farsale… I mean, Lil’ Miss Felt? I’ll come too…]

Aldebaran: [So long as you can’t remedy that verbal slip-up, it’s important that you don’t meet her, serves better for your favorability. Also, I wanna avoid tipping the scales in her favor even further.]

Explaining so, he had “Aldebaran” sit back down as it attempted to follow along, and left Yae to discipline it to sit and wait; ignoring her as she poked fun with an “It’s a group effort~”, Aldebaran began to walk towards the place where Felt and Heinkel were located.

Then, having been unable hear the strategy meeting that had taken place in the tree’s shadow, Felt and Heinkel were waiting on the other side around the large tree――,

Felt: [――Pops, I’ll say this now, but you don’t gotta make excuses to me.]

As soon as Aldebaran peered in, a rather harsh statement struck his eardrums.

At a glance, Felt was sitting with her back leaned against the large tree, and stood opposite whilst looking down on her, was Heinkel.

From a filmmaking perspective, Heinkel, looking down on the other party from a higher point, had a psychological advantage compared to Felt in this scene, however.

Heinkel: [――Hk, e-excuses, you say? Why in the world would I need to do anything of the sort? Don’t say such foolish things, you brat!]

Felt: [In that case, stop looking at me all nervously. Your gaze speaks loudly.]

Heinkel: [Who’s…!]

Indignation erupting from his throat, Heinkel stumbled over his next words, and so it seemed that the conclusion offered, from a cinematic perspective, would not be of any use.

The two differed in both height and age, but even without quantifying anything, it was clear which of these two actors was on top, so as Aldebaran happened to be present at the unpleasant scene, he pitied Heinkel.

He would have preferred to conceal his breath and get out of there quickly, but,

Felt: [Hm?]

Heinkel: [Aldebaran…]

And, with the two of them noticing him at around the same time, Aldebaran’d had no choice but to walk up to them.

Then, choosing his words with an “Ah”,

Aldebaran: [Old man, quit getting involved with Lil’ Miss Felt. You’re at a disadvantage no matter what you say.]

Heinkel: [Wha… so even you are saying that this brat’s gonna talk me down?]

Aldebaran: [It’s not a matter of who’d win or lose in a verbal argument, I’m saying the premise is botched to begin with. Old man, you’ve allied yourself with me, so from Lil’ Miss Felt’s perspective you’re an indisputable turncloak… Or rather, fundamentally, from anybody’s perspective, you’re a great enemy of the Kingdom of Lugunica, y’know?]

Heinkel: [――Hk, I… know. Even so, I’m…]

A bitter look strewn about his face, Heinkel cast his eyes down, muttering those words as he opened and closed his hands.

Wearing a tired expression and placed in a tiresome position, nonetheless Heinkel was well-aware of what sort of spiderweb he had reached his hand into.

That this was a deed that would tarnish the honor of the House of the Sword Saint, renowned in the Kingdom, that it would create an irrevocable disgrace, he knew.

Still, even if it meant bearing notoriety that persisted unfading for the next several hundred years――,

Felt: [You want the Dragon’s Blood. Pops, in order to wake your wife… Reinhard’s mother, you need that no matter what, right?]

Heinkel: [Brat, how do you…]

Felt: [Just where do you think your son kept me detained at first? I’m well-aware of that idiot’s family situation. I also heard about it from Granny Carol and the others.]

Heinkel: [Then! You should understand! It’s necessary, I need the Dragon’s Blood! And, Aldebaran promised it to me! That’s why, I’m going along with this guy’s plan――]

Felt: [Like I said, don’t make excuses to me.]

His desperate pleas met with such a response, Heinkel’s words choked on a “Guh”.

Felt’s answer had left him utterly hopeless, tearing Heinkel’s meager conscience to shreds in a manner much more stinging than would have been accomplished via harping on him without any tact.

Only, it did not seem like Felt had aimed to choose the method that would wound Heinkel the most. To evidence that, scratching her own head,

Felt: [Even I think it would be nice for Reinhard’s mom to wake up. I also get how you feel like you don’t have a choice in the means to accomplish that end. Hence, I won’t deny you, Pops.]

Heinkel: [――――]

Felt: [It’s just a matter of your methods differing from ours. It’s neither good nor bad.]

As Felt spoke with a single eye closed, it was clear from a single glance that her words had beaten Heinkel down. The definite discrepancy in their calibers had been revealed, and what was meant to be a follow-up became a kick to a dead body.

If they were to converse any further, Heinkel’s wounds would only expand. Feeling sorry that Yae’s pestering seemed to have paid off, Aldebaran patted him on the shoulder saying “Old man, that’s enough”, and dismissed Heinkel from keeping watch over Felt.

Then, when Heinkel, his shoulder drooping, left the two of them,

Aldebaran: [You’re merciless, Lil’ Miss Felt. Though you don’t look the part, are you perhaps angry?]

Felt: [Ain’t that obvious, idiot? Even now, I’m exerting all my self-restraint on my desire to kick your guys’ asses. Because I got this crap on my neck.]

Saying that, Felt touched the fine steel thread wrapped around her neck―― that which had also been brought up in the conversation with Yae and “Aldebaran”, and curved her lips into a smile to flash her high canine.

Her impudence was to the MAX, but for the most part, she was aware that her life was in their clutches.

Of course, since they had not taken the life of even a single of her comrades, it was possible that she was making light of the level of effective threat that the steel thread posed, but――,

Aldebaran: [――I ain’t gonna fall in the same ditch twice.]

Felt: [――――]

It was not so much an announcement as it was an Oath Aldebaran pledged to himself.

The girl before his eyes had been raised to be strong in the slums; she was not just a Royal Candidate suspected of being missing royalty, but a potential monster who had grown up being trained by Valga Cromwell.

There was a sufficient likelihood that she had already eclosed as a monster, becoming a being more dangerous than Aldebaran could imagine.

However, even were that to be the case, Aldebaran would no longer suffer defeat.

Aldebaran: [Even if this is my final part to play, there’s still meaning in my growth.]

The ability to handle “Aldebaran”, who was supposed to have been their primary strength, had gotten worse; Yae’s insolent and mischievous attitude was intolerable; Heinkel would get discouraged on his own regardless of Aldebaran’s intentions; he could not keep going without bringing along the uncooperative excess weight that was Felt; such was Aldebaran’s journey. ――To put it bluntly, things had ended up quite different from his initial travel plan.

But, in exchange for his exhaustion mental and physical alike, the unforeseen battle and tangible loss had stripped Aldebaran of his conceit, delivering unto him a lesson firm.

Aldebaran: [From here on out, I’ll draw out my territory until it reaches its utmost limit.]

By using short-term updates of a matrix to instantly respond to a pressing situation, he thought he could reduce the retroactive time rather than the number of attempts, and that in doing so he would see long-term benefits.

But, in a case like the most recent one in which he was up against many enemies, that extreme level of matrix updating would cause the probability of being checkmated to skyrocket. If he continued to use it as he always had, then even against someone who did not possess Valga’s ingenuity, it was completely possible for his path to be closed off by way of simple misfortune.

Aldebaran: [If I let the intervals get too long, it’ll be a chicken race between my brain overheating and my mind getting worn down… but even if my soul is completely destroyed, it’s far superior to failing.]

From the outset, Aldebaran’d had no prospects for beyond the completion of this plan.

The Kararagi City-States. After arriving at the Grand Mogolade Geyser in that land, and accomplishing his objective there, he would clean up the mess he had made in his endeavors, and then end it all.

He desired nothing more. In exchange, he would ensure that everything up to that point would be carried out to fruition.

Felt: [――――]

As Aldebaran hardened his resolve anew, Felt silently watched him with narrowed eyes.

Aldebaran deliberately ignored her gaze, but faced with the fact that Felt, who resembled her in no regard whatsoever, not personality nor facial features, nor physique nor anything else, did indeed share the same eye color with Priscilla and nothing more, he experienced an awfully awful sense of discomfort.

Aldebaran: [If possible, could you not look at me with those eyes?]

Felt: [Don’t be unreasonable. Sorry, but I’ve had these two eyeballs since I was born. I also don’t like ‘em since they stand out… Nah, I used to not like them.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Felt: [Now, I surprisingly think they ain’t half-bad. Why, I ain’t gonna close my eyes.]

Leaning against the great tree, Felt folded her arms and sat crosslegged on the ground, and taken by her gaze and the strength of her will, he could understand the feelings of the many who revered her for her radiance.

Right now, that radiance was the same to Aldebaran as the poison tucked behind his molar. Only, that radiance would not take Aldebaran’s life, it only served to torment him.

Felt: [So? I’m pretty damn hungry, got any food?]

Aldebaran: [You’re being way too audacious… Sorry, but we don’t have time for a meal break right now. Travelling takes priority.]

Felt: [That’s some poor treatment for your hostage. ――We headed to that something-something hole in Kararagi you mentioned?]

Aldebaran: [The Grand Mogolade Geyser. No doubt, that’s our final destination. Only, gotta make a bit of a detour.]

At Aldebaran’s comment, Felt knit her well-shaped eyebrows with a “Detour?”.

In response, as Aldebaran drew in his chin with a “Yeah, a detour”, he turned around to the scenery in the distance amidst which it could not yet be perceived, and imagining that place, he spoke.

That was――,

Aldebaran: [――Now’s when they oughta be spread the most thin. I’m going to pick up a necessity for the plan.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Fortunately, the detour on the way to their destination went smoothly.

Unfortunately, the security was too dense to say they were spread thin, but due to what was sealed on the other side, their protocols for crisis management being this thorough was almost reassuring.

But then again――,

???: [High security ain’t enough to stop me.]

If they were to truly stop Aldebaran, as Felt’s group had previously done, then surrounding and crushing him with several hundreds of people would have been the best course of action. For such a feat to be accomplished, at least a single Order of Knights would need to be deployed, even if it was the Royal Capital, a strategic point of utmost importance.

Thus, to ensure that could not be done, Aldebaran had taken measures in advance.

Aldebaran: [I ended up needing to call it back right away, so it was fifty-fifty on whether I could place hope in the diversion being effective, but…]

Aldebaran, driven to madness, assisted by the Divine Dragon, Volcanica.

It was not difficult to imagine the depths of the panic felt by those in the know, once the information got out that Reinhard the Sword Saint, who had gone off to stop them, had instead become occupied facing the Witch of Envy, freeing Aldebaran and Volcanica to escape the Sand Dunes.

They would have thought it the greatest threat to the nation since the Witch of Envy’s rampage four-hundred years prior.

For that very reason, the Kingdom’d had no choice but to put on a display of all its strength to oppose “Aldebaran”, which was flying at heights so as to easily attract attention.

Even if that meant leaving minimal armed forces in the Royal Capital.

Thus――,

Aldebaran: [――Found it.]

――Four-hundred and seven times.

Via that trial and error, in the location he had sought to reach, Aldebaran had located what he was searching for. From the entrance door to the multilayered mechanisms in the room, it was sealed rigorously as to not permit the slightest bit of interference.

In reality, without any assistance, Aldebaran would have been unable to do anything regarding the mechanism before his eyes, regardless of having managed to reach this place, and thus would have ended up retreating in dejection.

However, the current Aldebaran had――,

Aldebaran: [――The Divine Dragon’s fang, I wonder how many holy gold coins it’d be worth.]

An article so rare that the ensemble of merchants he knew would all have dollar signs in their eyes, estimating its value with an abacus inside their heads; using it as a catalyst, Aldebaran destroyed the sturdy mechanism through sheer force.

Like nothing he had ever heard before, an aberrant sound of destruction akin to an iron bar being torn off a wall through brute force arose; the invisible wall that had certainly been present vanished, and Aldebaran stepped forth into the space.

That space, not wide in the slightest, was even more cramped than the restroom in the Barielle Mansion.

With naught a window nor an opening barring the entrance door, the room was suffocating, akin to a solitary confinement cell―― no, not akin, the place was most accurately described as a solitary confinement cell.

After all, sealed within was unmistakably a sinner, a criminal, an evil unpardonable.

Aldebaran: [By now, I’ve done enough to earn myself the death penalty a hundred times over, but…]

Yet, room there indeed remained to accrete sin upon sin.

As if to prove such, Aldebaran reached his hand out towards the blackness before his eyes. That was also the work of extraordinary principles, but this time the Divine Dragon’s aid was needed not.

Albeit different in essence, what laid there was similar to the coalescence of the Witch’s teachings, which Aldebaran had mastered at the end of rigorous training which had made it seem as if he would drown in his own bloody vomit――,

Aldebaran: [――――]

Passing his intent through the fingertips held aloft, the subsequent moment, cracks ran through the whole of it, shattering.

Into pieces akin to fragments of porcelain it fissured, however, no sound of its scattered shards rippled with the ground as the source. Instead, its composition unravelled, melting into the atmosphere.

Witnessing that run its course with his own eyes, before Aldebaran, in place of the vanished black mass, was a single human silhouette on the ground, down on all fours.

Aldebaran: [Obey, and follow me. ――If you do that, I won’t kill you here.]

???: [Hah――]

As Aldebaran quietly pronounced so, the silhouette made sure to let out a breath as it smiled. ――Nay, it sniggered.

Sniggering, sniggering, sniggering, licking the lips of the mouth from which sharp fangs protruded――,

???: [――How nice, so nice, very nice, perhaps it is nice, surely it is nice, so quite nice, certainly it is nice, because it is certainly nice, because our chest trembles at how nice it is-! Gluttonous drinking-! Gluttony-!]

Indeed, within the solitary cell colored in darkness, the existence liberated from its jet-black coffin―― the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, amidst feelings of freedom and hunger, jubilated.

△▼△▼△▼△

――It was as if the world had come to an end, where heaven and earth were no longer separated, where there was no longer any distinction between Bright Time and Dark Time, where the lines between life and death blurred, and where the differences between the self and the “other” became unnecessary.

???: [Young Master! Young Masteeer!]

And, desperately raising her voice like so was Flam, who one would never have imagined capable of such an emotional outburst, whose gaze was fixed on the other side of the sandstorm―― fixed beyond Pleiades Watchtower, where a great tidal wave of black shadows was surging from the distance towards the red-haired Hero, the Sword Saint Reinhard van Astrea, who was struggling to fight it off, to stop it, resist it, to repel it. All by his lonesome.

Flam: [YOUNG MASTER――!]

While she had more faith in his strength than anyone else did, the girl who also knew him well outside of his heroic appearance cried out, her voice betraying her, in an attempt to deny the absurd reality that had suddenly befallen him.

Flam’s voice, as if screaming, had surely reached Reinhard, who was challenging that dark demise. There was no way he could have failed to hear it. That was because Reinhard van Astrea himself had decided that he had to be that kind of existence.

Despite that, Flam’s anguished voice went unanswered, as the strongest of the Sword Saints in all of history was being exposed to a threat of such fierceness that even a momentary lapse in concentration could be fatal.

???: [――――]

Countless black arms surged forward like literal waves, spreading out to fill everything in sight, continuously trying to crush their target with unstoppable destruction.

With both of his nearly torn-off arms Reinhard wielded the Dragon Sword, and swung the legendary sword that could not be unsheathed in place of his arms, breaking through the cage of black shadows that appeared to be inescapable regardless of the direction taken, smashing it to pieces.

He repeated this over and over again, ten or twenty times a second, until the sweat that had formed and the blood that had flowed left his body as steam. Reinhard was completely absorbed in his task.

――That, was the decisive contest between these two legendary beings, the Sword Saint and the Witch of Envy.

???: [Ge~ez! This is unbe~lievable!]

Seizing the reins as she jumped into the driver’s seat, Meili, with her disheveled braids and clenched teeth, desperately attempted to fulfill a role she was unfamiliar to.

Patrasche, at the other end of the reins, was intelligent, and as such Meili’s handling of the reins was nothing more than for show. Nevertheless, Meili remained there to show her grit.

With Garfiel and Ezzo unconscious, Flam, whose attention could not be peeled off from Reinhard’s figure, and Petra, who had not yet returned from reading the Book of the Dead, the only one who was able to act normally here was Meili.

Reinhard’s battle was a given, but it was no exaggeration to say that the lives of the entire party depended on Meili’s slender arms.

Meili: [That’s a bit of an exaggeration. Or rather, that’s a bit too mu~ch…]

Many times in the past, Meili had been involved in a situation where someone’s life was at stake.

However, in many of those instances, Meili had been on the side that took lives, and she had been in a position of power to decide whether to give or take a life in the majority of them.

The only time she had ever used her abilities to protect someone’s life rather than take it, had been during the Trial, when she had last been at the Watchtower. And that situation aside, Meili’s capabilities were probably only slightly more powerful than those of an ordinary person.

With such little experience, the Witch of Envy would not have been a good opponent to clash with.

Meili: [Please, Patrasche-chan… Unlike with the Witchbeast-chans, I can’t understand what you’re saying, bu~t… everyone’s in dan~ger…!]

Patrasche: [――DODOGYUUUN.]

Meili’s appeal was conveyed through the reins, and Patrasche bravely replied.

The jet-black ground dragon strode furiously, not heeding the adverse conditions of the sandy footing, pulling the dragon carriage with everyone on board, running, running running running, running toward the end――.

Meili: [If this keeps up――]

It happened, at the moment she had believed they could make it through the sand sea in one sweep.

Meili: [――Ah.]

For an instant, the earth seemed to bend and stretch as an incredible impact caused Patrasche’s feet to flounder off the ground, and the dragon carriage rose into the air along with all its passengers.

Meili: [――――]

This was bad, and the word that came to Meili’s mind was “ pinch “.

They were in a pinch, a real pinch. When Subaru had been in a dangerous situation, he would often utilize the word “ pinch “. It was easy to say, and once one got used to saying it, this word would keep popping into their head. But even if one were to keep chanting “ pinch, pinch ”, the solution would not come to them nonetheless.

The only sure thing was that once Patrasche slid into the sand, they would lose the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion that would allow them to leave the Sand Dunes safely.

Once that was gone, escaping alive from this place, where the boundaries between heaven and earth had become unrecognizable, would become utterly impossible for Meili and the others.

――What should I do now? Everyone, please, Onii-san, help me.

Meili: [Everyone needs he~lp…!]

Indeed, it came to pass when that completely useless and tearful voice was put together, with her vision nearly upside down.

???: [――Leave everything to me, Meili.]

Right after she heard that cute and reassuring voice, Meili saw someone leap from the overturned coach, using the driver’s seat as a foothold, and proceeded to jump onto Patrasche, who was losing her balance in midair.

It was a girl with a large bow and light-brown hair that caught the eye――,

Meili: [Petra-cha~n!]

As Meili cried out, Petra, who had leapt out of the carriage, clung to Patrasche’s neck in midair before forcefully sitting on the ground dragon’s saddle, clinging on tightly as if biting her.

She hugged with all her might, using her entire petite body, and made her appeal.

Petra: [Patrasche! Calm down, and listen to my voice!]

Patrasche: [――DODOGYUUUN.]

Petra: [Yes, good girl… Now!]

Responding to Petra’s voice, Patrasche swung her long tail vigorously, forcibly controlling her position in the air; with significant momentum, she landed on the sand with her toes thrusting forward into the ground, gracefully controlling the momentum of the dragon carriage, allowing it to land on the ground without interrupting the safety of the Divine Protection.

She had managed to overcome that critical moment beautifully.

It had all been thanks to Patrasche’s incredible responsiveness and the girl’s skill in bringing that out.

Petra: [Meili! Chan! Are you safe and sound?!]

Meili: [I, I’m fi~ne! Petra-chan, that Book you read――]

Petra: [――I’m alright. More importantly…]

Cutting off her words, Petra narrowed her round eyes and glared behind her.

Before her gaze was a battle where Reinhard, defending Pleiades Watchtower as the line that must continue to be defended at all costs, was holding back the Witch of Envy, who tried to cross that line.

The mere thought of the Witch of Envy was enough to cause shudders to surge up from the depths of her heart, and even Meili could not shake the fear that this reality had brought.

However, Petra, still mounted on Patrasche’s back, said to Meili,

Petra: [It’ll be fine, leave everything to me.]

Meili: [Petra-chan…?]

Petra: [Leave it for now; we need to get out of the Augria Sand Dunes. Let’s go!]

To the loud declaration of Petra, as she rode the ground dragon speeding across the sand sea, Meili responded by repeatedly nodding her head in agreement, feeling a sense of mysterious reliability.

With a smile at Meili’s reaction, Petra turned back to face forward and stiffened her cheeks.

Holding on tightly to Patrasche’s neck and leaving the manifestation of the end that loomed behind them to Reinhard, they ran, ran, and ran straight out of the sand sea.

And, while enjoying the illusion of being bathed in a cool breeze, Petra whispered to herself.

Petra: [We have some work to do. ――Right, Subaru?]

Subaru: [――Yeah, let’s do this. With everything we’ve got!]

Feeling the voice and presence of the one she loved so dearly, whom she was unable to touch, near her, Petra Leyte raced as hard as she could, her heart burning with passion.

――To bring forth that wish, which must be delivered outside this sea of sand, she must give it her all.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Editorial note: With the release of Volume 40 of the Light Novel, the previous Petra-related sections in Chapters 16, 17, 18, 19, and 20 received significant changes. If you wish to read the translation of the new additions and changes, you can find it: here.

--- Chapter 24: The Enemy of Mankind ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Return by Death.

An Authority that, at the cost of one’s life, granted them the right to turn back the clock, and redo a time that ought to have passed.

Under the interference of that dreadful Witch of Envy, expending his life in order to remove all the anguish and obstacles he faced, Natsuki Subaru had repeatedly used Return by Death many times over.

And, by no means was that any cute little number like two or three times.

As far as they were aware, Death had befallen Natsuki Subaru over ten times.

Not even once, had there been a way to die comfortably. Not even once, had there been an end unaccompanied by a sense of loss. Not even once, had there been any final moments in which he relinquished his life believing that he’d had enough.

Not even once, had Natsuki Subaru ever desired to relinquish his life.

Even so, Natsuki Subaru continued to lose his life, repeating the cycle of Return by Death.

Outrageousness, absurdity, despair, all had robbed Natsuki Subaru of his life. But, neither outrageousness, nor absurdity, nor despair, were things that could not be avoided if he set his mind to it.

And yet, why was it that Natsuki Subaru had nonetheless been unable to avoid Death?

That was――,

???: [――Because he’s kind.]

Not a single person, had he desired to lose. Not a single person, had he wished to relinquish. Not a single person, had he grown to detest to the point of wanting them gone.

Not a single person, had Natsuki Subaru ever once been able to believe deserved to die.

Henceforth, Natsuki Subaru continued to lose his life, repeating the cycle of Return by Death.

Every obstacle, every malicious intention, every enemy, every Witchbeast, every Sin Archbishop, had stood in the way of his life. Again and again they did kill Natsuki Subaru, granting him Death, and crushing his soul.

But, I know. ――I truly know.

Certainly, many enemies, unthinkable obstacles, unavoidable disasters, had heartlessly taken the life of Natsuki Subaru. That was a fact. Without a doubt.

However, I know. More so than anybody else, I am painfully aware.

More than enemies, more than disasters, more than absurdity.

More than the formless malice known as fate, there was something that had killed Natsuki Subaru more than anything else.

――That was none other than somebody who had continued to take advantage of Natsuki Subaru’s kindness.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Hey, I don’t think you need to worry too much about this.]

???: […Even if Subaru says something like that, it’s not like I can just brush it off.]

Petra glanced at “Natsuki Subaru” leaning against the side of the carriage and sighed wistfully as she was driving the speeding dragon carriage.

However, the “Subaru” currently next to Petra was not the real Subaru.

One could say that it was an illusion created by Petra’s brain―― an “Imaginary” Subaru. The proof was that he was slightly transparent and see-through, and compared to the most recent image of Subaru in Petra’s mind, his face seemed to be slightly younger.

Probably because the Book of the Dead that Petra had experienced was set about a year and a half in the past―― back in the tumultuous days when she had just become a maid.

Petra: [A lot of things happened for both Subaru and me…]

Considering how much time had passed since then, it stood to reason that they had both grown in many ways, for better or worse.

To put it simply, Petra had grown in terms of height and hair length, and she prided herself on her remarkable progress as a maid and as a woman. Meanwhile, Subaru had grown closer to Beatrice, became more boisterous with Otto and Garfiel, and grown warmly alongside Emilia, achieving a very dignified and resolute image of what it meant to be a man.

That was why “Subaru” appeared a little more immature compared to how he was nowadays.

――But even so, he was still in possession of his coolness.

Even if he lost some of his masculine and rugged charm that he held today, his cuteness and charming personality would still be an unfair combination.

Petra: [No, no… Now’s not the time to be thinking about that.]

Scolding herself, Petra put her hand to her forehead and shook her head slowly.

It was okay, she could control herself. It was not the first time Petra had imagined Subaru in her mind after all, making him say what she wanted him to say and strike her favorite poses.

She was a seasoned veteran at imagining all kinds of romantic stories and love poems, picturing various situations and casting herself and Subaru as the characters, their cheeks and hearts racing with excitement.

If she thought of those as rehearsals, then the imaginary Subaru in front of her now felt even more tangible, more lifelike, and nothing short of real.

“ Subaru”: [That’s already way beyond the realm of imagination, could it possibly be beyond the level that self-control of yours can handle?]

Petra: [It’s fine, it’s just the way I’m feeling. More importantly, don’t go looking inside my head.]

Subaru: [Don’t be absurd! Even if you tell me not to look, I’m literally inside your head, Petra!]

Petra: [――――]

Stunned by “Subaru’s” retort, Petra’s breath caught in her throat. Seeing her reaction, “Subaru” seemed to regret his words and scratched his cheek with his finger.

The gentle look in Subaru’s eyes when he showed consideration for others, and his clumsy reactions that were so typical of him, reaffirmed Petra’s affection for him.

――Natsuki Subaru’s Book of the Dead had violated Petra Leyte’s “mind”.

That was Petra’s self-analysis of what had happened to her.

The original avid reader of the Books of the Dead, Ezzo Cadner, had said that reading a Book was a challenge that put a significant mental strain on one’s mind, but it had an even greater impact on Petra than she had personally anticipated.

On the other hand, it was possible that the shock Petra experienced from Subaru’s Book of the Dead was completely different from what Ezzo had warned them about.

Petra: […Things like Returning by Death or being from beyond the Great Waterfall…]

The burden that Natsuki Subaru was carrying was far greater than Petra could have ever possibly imagined.

Subaru was separated from his homeland and was all alone, so what was he thinking when he met Petra and the others? What did he go through to save them? What kind of determination did he have in his heart when he fought for them? That was everything―― no, what Petra had learned today was just a tiny part of it.

It was hard to believe that Subaru, burdened with such a tragic fate, had never had to use his Authority since the record in the Book of the Dead that Petra had read after all.

There was no doubt that Subaru had experienced that feeling of his soul being torn apart since then, his heart being ripped out, and his life being trampled upon countless times, enduring and surmounting it all to reach today.

Petra: [――――]

The permanent blemish on one’s heart that Ezzo feared had indeed been engraved into hers.

Perhaps, probably, unquestionably, Petra thought with a sense of detachment that her heart was deeply wounded, her mental balance completely shattered, and she was in a very precarious state.

She was able to exchange words with her beloved, who was dead yet not dead, and felt everything from joy to sorrow at his words, even in such a situation. This was nothing less than a complete emotional and mental breakdown.

Petra: [But, it’s fine.]

Love is blind, love is a fever. Petra Leyte had been consumed by her feelings of love and had lived like this to this day.

As long as I’m fully aware that I’m abnormal, I can control myself―― but that’s not a convenient line of thinking. No matter how much I claim to have sound judgment, it’s the same as knowing not to drive a car after drinking alcohol .

Neither Petra nor Subaru have had a driver’s license, nor did they have any memory of driving under the influence, but it was the same thing.

Petra: [ Cars , drunk driving , traffic lights , Tooryanse …] [1]

Suddenly, she was drawn to the words that popped into her mind out of nowhere, and knowledge spilled out one after another like out-of-season clothes overflowing from a stuffed-to-the-brim closet.

It was all words that Petra knew, and words she did not know, loosely crossing the boundary between understanding and unfamiliarity, like the feeling of encountering something familiar, yet foreign.

If she did not begin to carefully sort them out, Petra might end up wearing men’s clothes and carrying a Guiltywhip around before she knew what had happened.

“Subaru”: [Wait, my main weapon is a whip? Isn’t that a bit too edgy? I’m being overly clingy with Beatrice, and I can’t keep up with the generation gap …]

Petra: [By the way, everyone had gotten to punish the Master, Garf-san’s reflected on his chuunibyou , Otto-san hasn’t been sleeping, and Emilia-neesama’s been doing a wonderful job.]

“Subaru”: [I see, Roswaal was the mastermind behind everything, huh… hold on? Why was that guy forgiven?]

Petra: [That’s something you should discuss with Subaru and Emilia-neesama…]

However, Petra still had not forgiven Roswaal, so although she did not completely oppose Subaru and Emilia’s decision at that time, she did not agree with it either. Of course, there had been many times when Roswaal’s assistance was undoubtedly invaluable, particularly in relation to the events in the Empire. But, that was a separate issue, and Petra intended to never forgive him for the rest of her life.

However, right now, there was someone even more unforgivable than Roswaal――,

“Subaru”: [――Petra.]

Petra: […Whatever you may say, I’ll still feel that way.]

The combination of “Subaru’s” gentle, quiet voice and sincere gaze forcibly distracting Petra from her breathing and heartbeat, left her with no choice but to avert her eyes like a child.

As if ignoring the shameless pleas and cries of her heart beating deep within her chest, Petra focused all her attention straight ahead on the endless sea of sand that stretched out before her.

――At this moment, Petra and her group’s dragon carriage had departed from the Pleiades Watchtower and were speeding straight through the Augria Sand Dunes.

Beyond this sea of sand, there was a person they absolutely had to catch up with.

Their opponent would presumably utilize the wings of the Divine Dragon to fly over the Sand Sea with mobility, surpassing that of a ground dragon, even one equipped with the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion, making it extremely challenging to catch up.

Besides, there was another reason why Petra and the others needed to hurry.

Petra & “Subaru”: [――The Witch of Envy.]

Petra, deep in thought, and “Subaru”, who shared her consciousness, spoke of the reason for their desperate haste.

Without regard for the consequences, she drove the dragon carriage for several hours―― covering a considerable distance from the Pleiades Watchtower, yet the pressure remained, refusing to let go of Petra and her companions’ souls.

It was the terrifying Witch who was supposed to be sealed away in the shrine, who constantly reached out to punish Petra for reading the Book of the Dead and encroaching on the realm of the Taboo. The tsunami of black shadows that had invaded and threatened to destroy the world were now being held back by a single hero.

――The Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea.

His lonely struggle kept the wrath of the Witch of Envy at bay beyond the Tower, preventing the destruction of the world by a hair’s breadth and maintaining a delicate balance. However, even now, there was a deafening roar and violent tremors that seemed to turn the world upside down, and flashes of light like distant lightning occurred intermittently, day and night, as if the trumpets of the Apocalypse were blowing ceaselessly.

How long could this balance last? Neither Petra nor anyone else knew. If there was one thing they knew, it was this――,

”Subaru”: [If Reinhard were to be defeated, everything and anything would be over.]

Petra: [Yeah. If Reinhard… san gets taken out, the Witch will come after me. There’s no way to predict how much damage will be done between now and then.]

“Subaru”: [They don’t seem like the type to be polite and give way to others.]

“Subaru’s” joke made Petra imagine a kind Witch of Envy who would give up her seat to an elderly person on a crowded train, but she could not bring herself to laugh now.

When considering ways to minimize potential damage, Petra should have remained at the Pleiades Watchtower and accepted being silenced by the Witch, regardless of the outcome of Reinhard’s battle.

However, if Petra dared to think such a thing even for a moment――,

“Subaru”: [――That’s definitely a no-go. I won’t let that happen even if it kills me.]

Petra: [――――]

When Subaru said that directly to Petra, it felt like there was absolutely no room to argue.

She had always been aware that Subaru cared deeply for her. Of course, there is Emilia and Beatrice. Not to mention Rem. She was not so conceited as to think she was treated differently from them, but she was still certain―― that she occupied a special shelf in Natsuki Subaru’s heart, where he kept the precious things that were most important to him.

However, until today, she did not realize the true weight behind the words “Even if it kills me” spoken by a seemingly joking Subaru.

Natsuki Subaru was truly someone who’d protect what is important to him, “Even if it kills him.”

Petra: [――. Yeah, I know. I don’t want to die either… Al-san has some way to stop the Witch, right?]

“Subaru”: [Yeah, he’s not stupid. He knows what kind of damage that could cause to the world. He’s definitely prepared something to stop it before it gets to that point.]

Petra: [Yeah, for sure.]

“Subaru”: [Definitely.]

Clenching his fist, “Subaru” declared forcefully, and Petra nodded in agreement.

Catching up to Al, who had left the Tower, and forcing him to reveal his plan to suppress the Witch. Organizing the necessary steps were so daunting that they made her head spin, but “Subaru’s” words were ever-so reassuring. ――Unfortunately, however, the same thing could apply to Petra as well as Subaru.

Subaru, who now shared Petra’s consciousness, was fully aware of Petra’s thoughts and anxieties.

The same went for Petra, who shared the same consciousness as “Subaru”.

Petra: [If Al-san wants to end the world…]

The absolute truth that Petra and Subaru confirmed earlier would no longer be the case.

In the worst-case scenario, Al had no actual way to stop the “Witch of Envy” and was prepared to let the world be destroyed, taking his lifeless heart and mind with him.

Al, who lost Priscilla Barielle, his cherished master or rather, someone he held a much deeper love than just being someone of reverence, had every right to hate the world.

However, it was also true that they could not entirely give up on the glimmer of hope.

Petra: [Me, Meili-chan, Garf-san, and everyone else are all still alive.]

Al, who even had the support of the Divine Dragon Volcanica, had the power to decide the fate of Petra and the others in the Tower. However, he had chosen to exercise his right not to take their lives.

Would it be too much to believe that this is a sign that there was still something left in Al?

Petra: […Maybe I’m overthinking it, almost like I’m not really myself.]

“Subaru”: [Yikes.]

With a finger pressed to her lips, Petra muttered, and next to her, “Subaru“ exaggeratedly shrugged his shoulders. Glancing over, she saw Subaru give her an awkward smile and wave, which prompted Petra to narrow her eyes.

It was unclear just how much “Subaru“ had influenced Petra’s current way of thinking.

There was no way that the influence of The Book of the Dead only had a positive bonus effect for Petra, allowing her to see an imaginary Subaru.

Petra: [I’ve gotta be more careful…]

Petra loved Subaru, but she did not want to be Subaru. Furthermore, she should not become a person who would indiscriminately shower kindness on everyone like Subaru did.

Petra had always admired kind people, had always strived to be kind herself, but she felt that people like Subaru and Emilia were perfect just as they are.

Petra wished to be someone who did not take the kindness of kind people for granted.

For that reason, she must not empathize too much with Natsuki Subaru.

???: [――Petra-chan, it’s time to switch o~ut.]

Then, just as she thought that, the small window of the dragon carriage opened, and a voice spoke to her from behind.

It was Meili, who had been resting in the carriage. When she offered to take over driving, Petra shook her head with a “no”,

Petra: [I’m fine, so you should rest, Meili-chan. You carried me while I was sleeping, and you even kept the Witchbeasts away.]

Meili: [I didn’t do as much as Flam-chan, who carried Fang onii-san and Sensei-san. Besides, with the Sword Saint and the Witch fighting, it seems the Witchbeasts don’t have much time for us.]

Meili shrugged her shoulders, her expression betraying her deep fatigue. It was obvious that she had been unable to relax even a smidgen while in the carriage. In fact, feeling the presence of the Witch in the distance was like being a frog stared at by a snake. It would have been very strange if she had been able to rest calmly.

This must have been even more difficult for someone as responsible as Meili.

Petra: [How’s Flam-chan? Still asleep?]

Meili: [Yeah, she’s still out cold. But I’m counting on Flam-chan’s Divine Protection, so I’m glad we made the right ca~ll.]

“Subaru”: [This girl… It feels kind of weird to see Meili here…]

Meili’s gloomy answer and “Subaru’s” feelings of trepidation at her presence overlapped. Ignoring the latter’s reaction, Petra thought about Flam, and her Divine Protection.

Flam’s Divine Protection of Mindspeak allowed her to communicate with her twin sister once a day. Although it was only a one-way communication, the ability to send and receive messages regardless of distance was so important that, under the current circumstances, it was undoubtedly invaluable.

The condition of “once a day” for the Divine Protection seemed to be closely related to the amount of time she slept, and the more urgent the situation at hand, the more time she needed to sleep.

However, the means Flam had employed to achieve this sleep were beyond Petra’s comprehension.

Petra: [I never thought she would suddenly strangle her own neck and pass out…]

Meili: [It seems like she couldn’t just take a proper rest because she was so worried about Sword Saint-san. Bu~t the fact that she was so determined to do so is typical of someone connected to Sword Saint-san. She’s barely younger than me and you, Petra-chan, she’s so different from normal gir~ls.]

Petra: [I don’t think you’re one to talk, Meili-chan.]

“Subaru”: [Look who’s talking.]

Petra and “Subaru’s” comments overlapped, and Meili’s lips curled in dissatisfaction.

All she could hear was Petra’s words, but by deliberately engaging in this out-of-place, everyday conversation, they avoided facing the reality and the pressure from the Witch.

And it was probably thanks to that stable mind that she was even managing to rush forward with single-minded determination.

???: [――DODOGYUUUN.]

A sudden high-pitched cry came from Patrasche, who had been working harder than Petra, Meili, Flam, or anyone else.

Taking into account the events at the Pleiades Watchtower, Patrasche shared the same sense of dreadful urgency as Petra and the others, and her neighing signaled that they had finally reached their destination―― the end of the Sand Sea.

Lying there in the distance, near the edge of the Sand Sea, was the town of Mirula.

Meili: [Petra-cha~n!]

Petra: [Yeah, I know!]

In response to Meili’s call, Petra strongly gripped the reins and leaned forward.

Patrasche, who had glanced behind her for just a moment, was already refocusing her attention forward and was now sprinting toward the finish line, having had to run nonstop all the way here.

“Subaru”: [I love you, Patrasche.]

The imaginary intangible Subaru delivered unrequited words of love and gratitude to Patrasche.

As she watched the intangible hand that was unable to touch anything stroke the ground dragon’s neck, Petra’s small head was busy mapping out the roadmap that would be necessary after they arrived at Mirula.

The end goal of this roadmap was, of course, to stop the actions of Al, who had betrayed Natsuki Subaru ――but there was something beyond that.

In order to get to that point――,

Petra: [――Hk.]

The dragon carriage finally burst through the town gate and arrived at Mirula. With that, Petra opened her mouth wide to speak, realizing that they had made it through the Augria Sand Dunes.

To do any of these things, Petra and the others must first seek the help of a certain individual―― a person who was unable to enter the Augria Sand Dunes and bid farewell to Petra and the others at this location.

So, speaking in a paradoxical way――,

Petra: [――We’re back, so lend us a hand! I know you’re listening, Clind-niisama!]

Indeed, Petra raised her voice and sought a wild card that could reduce any gap to zero.

△▼△▼△▼△

Felt twisted her face into an exaggerated scowl at the small shadow darting past the corner of her vision.

Its form, colors, and sheen all provoked a visceral disgust within her, and though she had been sleeping in the slums with them for as long as she could remember, she could not feel any sense of camaraderie or affection toward them.

Felt, who had even slept while hugging a giant rat to survive the cold, was still reluctant to befriend even a single Zodda bug.

Truly, they were an abominable entity, worthy of being called an enemy of mankind.

Felt: [Seriously, I can’t stand those Zodda being everywhere…]

With their extraordinary vitality, Zodda bugs could establish habitable environments anywhere. They were often spotted in unsanitary places, but that was by no means an absolute prerequisite.

In fact, it was at this time that Felt caught a glimpse of a Zodda bug from her peripheral, inside a building that was properly maintained and well-kept ―― a manor in the noble district of the Royal Capital of Lugunica.

The place was opulent and lavish, filled with paintings and ornaments of a value Felt could not comprehend. Now bereft of its lord, the mansion still retained its luxurious splendor.

Felt: [Hey, that thread of yours can go “fwooosh” really far, yeah? So couldn’t you just get rid of some Zodda with it real quick?]

Yae: [Haah~, well here’s the thing Felt-sama. The Steel Thread Technique I use is an extremely rare technique that has had no master for centuries, y’know? In addition to skill , Yae-chan’s brilliant shinobi maid style can only be displayed when I have special rings for the steel threads made by the Master of Curse Tools, Groovy Gumlet. Yet you’re calling for someone like me over a Zodda bug of all things?]

Felt: [That was way too long, I barely even got half of that to stick. Why don’t you just get to the point?]

Yae: [I don’t wanna stain my beloved threads on something so filthy, so~ I’ll pass.]

Having said that, Yae turned her face away while tucking her ringed hands behind her back, to which Felt unenthusiastically responded with “Yeah, yeah, whatever.” Her eyes scanned right, then left, looking for the shadow she had seen earlier, but it appeared she had lost sight of it. That left her with an unpleasant feeling.

Felt: [Just ‘cause I can’t see them doesn’t mean they’re gone from this world, y’know… they’re not only still here, they sometimes fly right into people’s faces.]

Yae: [I understand. If it comes to that, I’ll be prepared to die~.]

Felt: [I want to say that you’re not gonna die, but brace yourself, just in case.]

Emotionally, she felt that resignation or despair were a more appropriate alternative than steeling herself with resolve.

As it was, the shadow of that Zodda bug she had seen prompted her and Yae to have an unexpected mutual understanding―― and Felt, with a fresh perspective, took in the interior decor of the mansion in the Royal Capital, the Barielle estate.

A portion of Lugunica’s nobles residing outside the Royal Capital had secondary estates in the noble district, reserved for their periodic stays. The Astrea estate, where Felt was first forcibly taken and confined by Reinhard was no exception, and this mansion―― whose construction was personally commissioned by Priscilla Barielle, had been built for an identical purpose.

Felt: [That princess. I’m sure she had people taking care of this place even while she wasn’t living here, but now she’s got Zodda bugs roaming everywhere. Maybe the maids lost all their motivation the moment their master croaked.]

Yae: [Oop, it’d be wise to avoid saying things like that in the presence of Al-sama, even as a provocation, okay~? It’s gonna make you sound like someone with a really nasty personality, and hearing someone badmouth the Madam is something I don’t feel good about, y’know~?]

Felt: [Huh? You’re telling me not to piss off the helmet bastard?]

Yae: [No, no, Al-sama surely wouldn’t lose his temper. But, I think he’ll be hurt. That is something I won’t be okay with.]

Lowering her voice just a little, Yae cocked her head slightly at the end of their exchange. Instantly, Felt registered a faint tension on her neck, and she perceived the presence of the nigh-invisible threads with her very soul.

The steel threads she had hesitated to use on the Zodda bug was once again coiled around Felt’s neck.

Felt: [If you hurt me, that helmet bastard’s going to be angry, right?]

Yae: [Maybe. But even so, isn’t it a problem for you to say whatever you want, Felt-sama, especially for me as a helpful all-purpose maid meant to eliminate any obstacle for my master?]

Felt: [There’s something off about you calling him your master. The relationship between you and that helmet bastard isn’t really that of master and servant. That said, I guess talking so high and mighty from a safe distance is lame.]

As she replied, Felt held up both her hands to indicate to Yae that she had no intention of resisting. After watching her for a moment, Yae shrugged and retracted the thread.

Still, she made clear her intention to mercilessly send out her threads and make a statement by cutting off Felt’s finger, or even a limb if necessary, should Felt make any suspicious movement. ――Having observed Yae’s speed and precision, there was merit to having made the provocation.

Felt: [I already knew it, but you’re not someone I can handle…]

Currently, Felt and Yae were the only two that were staying back in the Barielle manor.

If Felt could slip past Yae’s watchful eyes or defeat Yae alone, she could escape her current status of being a captive princess that was meant to keep the Felt Camp in check.

Yae: [That strong will to win is just what I’d expect of a candidate in the Royal Selection, it makes this humble servant’s heart flutter at such a noble mindset, but please don’t get any reckless ideas, okay~? There’re some people, like thugs or Heinkel-sama, who I can tie up or slice apart without remorse, but I don’t like doing that to lovely girls.]

Felt: [I see. In that case, remember this too. I dislike words like “cute”, “sweet”, or “that really suits you”. Remember how many times you’ve called me those.]

Yae: [Hyaa~, scary. By the way, what’re you going to do when you count them?]

Felt: [When it’s my turn to get you back, I’ll kick your ass that many times.]

Incidentally, Felt had already decided that she would kick Yae’s ass three times. The helmet bastard―― Aldebaran and the Divine Dragon, as well as Heinkel each had their own amount of revenge she kept score of.

Felt always precisely settled each and every one of her debts and loans. Whether they were of gratitude or resentment mattered not to her.

Felt: [It’s not every day you get to kick a Dragon’s ass, much less the Divine Dragon’s. If you think about it like that, being held hostage is pretty funny, huh?]

Yae: [So tough ~, you’re so mentally strong that even Yae-chan here is intimidated. Even if that wasn’t the case, I’m afraid of you seducing him, so I don’t want you and Vol-sama getting near each other, Felt-sama.]

Felt: [Even so, having Reinhard’s dad watch over the Divine Dragon is in pretty poor taste if you ask me.]

Yae: [With Heinkel-sama’s desire for the Dragon’s Blood, I suppose an arm, or two or three, might erupt from his throat. I hope he doesn’t get carried away and actually attack Vol-sama.] [2]

Yae smiled mischievously with a finger to her lip, but the contents of her speech held absolutely no such cuteness.

In fact, from Yae’s point of view, even if this imaginary scenario were to come true―― that is, if Heinkel were to recklessly get himself killed by the Divine Dragon, she would most likely remain unfazed. It was a rather ill-natured arrangement of things, including her attitude toward Heinkel, who was supposed to be her comrade.

Of course, the Divine Dragon was far too conspicuous to be allowed near the Royal Capital; moreover, keeping it near Felt, who had a beguiling effect on its mind, was out of the question, so it was inevitable that their arrangement would be skewed.

Yae: [You’re not just a beauty who can topple a nation, Felt-sama, but also a beautiful girl who can topple a Dragon.]

Felt: [That’s another time I’m going to kick your ass… But tell me the truth, can the old man really get that Dragon’s Blood he wants from that brainless Divine Dragon?]

Yae: [Who knows? Ah~, but in the case that doesn’t work, Al-sama will still keep his promise, even if it means retrieving the older Dragon’s Blood that’s supposedly stored somewhere in the castle. That way, Heinkel-sama’s sleeping wife should wake up. But from your point of view, Felt-sama, you’re not happy with this arrangement, are you?]

Felt: [Damn right. Frankly, I’m not a fan of that approach.]

She had already directly said as much to Heinkel regarding the matter, despite his endless excuses.

Felt did not like that plan. However, it was also unreasonable for outsiders to simply deny the thoughts, actions, and decisions made by the people actually involved.

So even if it resulted in the awakening of Reinhard’s mother, Felt wished to take a different path to achieve that summit than what Heinkel wanted.

Felt: [――? What’s up?]

Suddenly, Felt, sitting slumped on the sofa in the parlor, noticed Yae’s gaze watching her intently and she frowned.

Yae shook her head with a “No, no~” at Felt’s response,

Yae: [I just thought it was unexpected. That you, Felt-sama, want to wake up Heinkel-sama’s wife… that is, the Sword Saint’s mother.]

Felt: […You know, that bastard sits next to me when we all eat together.]

Yae: [――?]

At first glance, Yae had a puzzled look on her face when Felt said something seemingly unrelated. Felt continued to speak, ignoring Yae’s confused reaction.

In the Felt Camp, when it was time for a meal, Flam and Grassis would call for everyone, and with the exception of Felt, who had a customary seat at the head of the table, the seats would be filled based on when they arrived at the dining hall. Reinhard usually sat next to Felt at the head of the table.

And――,

Felt: [While we’re eating, I’ve got the best view of the side of his face. If that aspect were to improve a bit, the food would taste better, yeah?]

Yae: […I stand corrected. Rather than a beautiful girl, Felt-sama is an ikemen ~!]

Felt: [I have no idea what you’re talking about, but I’m kicking your ass an extra time for that.]

Yae: [Ehh~, but why~?!]

Yae pouted in dissatisfaction as Felt turned her face away, replying no further.

She had become used to being held hostage, which was nothing short of disgraceful, but the trick to maintaining mental composure in such a situation was to not reveal too much verbally.

And so, when keeping someone who has baited a fish in reasonable suspense――,

Yae: [Yes, yes, I’m sorry if I have upset you. For now, please take this.]

As she spoke, Yae gently handed over a silver tray on which was placed some kind of bread with toasted fillings as a snack, to which Felt’s stomach growled.

Yae chuckled at the sound,

Yae: [There are Zodda bugs even in a place like this?]

Felt: [Those fuckers are everywhere. Even in my stomach… don’t make me think about something that disgusting. Hand it over already.]

She threw a glare at the bantering Yae, and snatched the silver tray from her hands. She bit into the hasamiyaki as it exuded a faintly warm aroma, its pleasant flavor being neither too strong nor too weak. The taste was to Felt’s liking, so she met Yae’s eyes with a smile and thumbs-up.

Yae: [How’d you like it, the hasamiyaki ? Surprisingly, it’s Yae-chan’s one and only specialty dish~.]

Felt: [Damn tasty… but, if it’s your only one then it’s a different story. You’re more or less a maid, right? Or maybe the whole maid thing was a lie, and you’re actually an assassin or something.]

Yae: [H~mm, assassination is one of the main jobs of a shinobi , but the part about me being a maid is the truth. It’s just that cleaning is more my forte than making a li~ttle bit of food. Ah, I was lying when I said my one and only specialty dish is hasamiyaki . I’m also good at wraps.]

Felt: [In the end, isn’t that just the same in the regards to sandwiching ingredients between bread?]

Incidentally, Felt’s impression was that vegetables comprised more of the ingredients used in a wrap. As a matter of fact, she did not know what the finer discrepancies between wraps and hasamiyaki were.

At any rate, she was relieved that even the captured hostages were properly fed. On that front, she would not have to suspect that Aldebaran’s words were falsehoods.

Although, even if that was the case, the issue of the currently absent Aldebaran’s actions was still present.

Aldebaran was off doing something separately from Felt and Yae, his destination being――,

Felt: [――The helmet bastard, is he seriously planning to free that Sin Archbishop?]

If she were to believe his words, then that declaration―― that he was going to free a Sin Archbishop, the Gluttony imprisoned in the Royal Capital’s Prison Tower, was something she would also have to believe.

Presently, the Kingdom of Lugunica had two Sin Archbishops in custody: Wrath and Gluttony. Felt had had direct contact with Sin Archbishops at Pristella, where their menace and inhumanity had left a deep impression on her. She wondered how the world could have such irredeemable people.

Felt: [In Pristella, I encountered Gluttony… either the elder or younger brother of the guy who’s locked up, as well as the younger sister. I also went with Reinhard to transport Wrath. So let me tell you, what the helmet bastard is trying to do is insane.]

Yae: [That’s probably true~. In all things, any truly great deeds cannot be accomplished while sane. Everything that Al-sama has orchestrated up to this point, haven’t they been extraordinary events?]

Felt: [Though it’s not a question of numbers, it’s gotten to the point where you start to wonder just how many things have been overcome. Not to mention, using the Witch to stall Reinhard, that’s something I can still understand. But, a Sin Archbishop?]

Yae: [Naturally, that’d be something necessary for Al-sama’s objective, ri~ght?]

Felt: [Not even you know the specifics?]

Crossing her hands behind her back, Yae smiled without replying to Felt’s words.

Only, this reply was something she had expected. She did not know Yae’s true intentions in following Aldebaran, but no matter the astonishing circumstances she might find herself in, it felt as if she possessed such an intense conviction, obsession, that she would have no intention of parting from Aldebaran’s side.

Therefore, she would not wait for answers; it was Felt’s duty to search for one.

Felt: […Those Gluttony bastards, they insolently gorge themselves on people’s Names and Memories.]

Like Crusch, whose Memories had been devoured, or the story of the Name of Anastasia’s Knight, Julius, being eaten. Then there was the girl in the Emilia Camp, for whom she had heard Subaru was searching for a way to wake up. ――There was perhaps a possibility that the latter girl was not unrelated to the Sleeping Beauty that Felt and her people were familiar with.

In any case――,

Felt: [――There’s something he wants to feed them. If not that, then there’s no way he’d do something like dragging out the shitty Gluttony bastard.]

Kept captive with her freedom restrained, Felt’s soul refused to yield.

From someone in this world who was surely just as reliable as Reinhard in cornering Aldebaran, that was a life philosophy taught to her by Rom-jii―― “live strong”.

Felt: [ Chomp .]

Boldly, while filling her belly with hasamiyaki , Felt devoted herself to actualizing this life philosophy.

By never ceasing her thoughts, by never halting her steps, born would be the margin to which her hands could reach. In preparation for that moment, she licked up the sauce from the hasamiyak i from the corner of her mouth with her tongue.

And to her side――,

Yae: […Wah, there really are Zodda bugs. Even though it’s only been a few days since the custodian was dismissed, this is aw~ful~.]

Whether it was the same one that Felt had seen earlier, or a different one, Yae scowled as she seemed to have discovered the enemy of mankind, grumbling out complaints.

△▼△▼△▼△

――A cramped, dark, suffocating place it was.

Even the phrasing of “solitary confinement cell” being too mild, this space showed no signs of any intention to keep that which it imprisoned alive. And yet, to consolidate that space and the existence isolated within as “cruel” or “cold-hearted” would itself be an act of utmost violence.

After all, imprisoned there was one who had perpetrated numerous vices throughout the world, a blasphemer without peer.

There was a definite demarcation between the manner of imprisonment used generally and this “black coffin” of confinement, in which an existence was isolated from the world, making breathing and heartbeat unrequired. Henceforth, provisions for the purpose of respecting life were unnecessary, in that space.

For that very reason, the place could not have been more appropriate to accurse the lives of one another.

???: [――My bad. Seems like I’ve got plenty of frustration built up. Really couldn’t hold myself back.]

With the sound of footsteps rising from the cold, hard ground, he leaned his back against the wall of the cramped room. The rear of the helmet hit the wall, and the sound of steel striking rock harshly disturbed the frigid atmosphere of the stone chamber.

Attempting to catch his faintly disheveled breath, collapsed at the man’s ―― Aldebaran’s feet, was a gasping figure, lying limply and face-down.

That there, was the blasphemer upon whom the Kingdom had bestowed this stone chamber fashioned into a solitary cell.

Having been defeated without riposte by Aldebaran, left to taste the floor was an unsightly loser―― Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult, representing Gluttony, Roy Alphard in the flesh.

Aldebaran: [――――]

A deep inhale, a long exhale.

Forcibly taking deep breaths to regulate his disarrayed cardiopulmonary functions, Aldebaran looked around the rock chamber which had become horribly messy in only a minute of actual time, and shrugged his shoulders.

With cracked walls and smashed up floors, it would be valid to describe the utter wreckage that had befallen the cramped room, one that had received nary a care to maintain it, as having been so messy that there was no space left for anyone to place their feet. Considering it was only the size of a coffee shop bathroom, just how in the world had such a huge scuffle unfolded in this place?

But then again, it was not as if this huge scuffle was one he had scuffled in by choice.

Aldebaran: […I just said that if you obey and follow me then I won’t take your life, and you had to go do that immediately afterwards. Even if you were gonna turn coat and rebel, you’d usually wait a lil’ while longer for your chance .]

Roy: [――. Hahah~, you say some funny stuff~, helmet uncle.]

Aldebaran’s words, laced with lament, brought out a dogged laugh from Roy, the latter laying sprawled out on the ground.

Still laying prone, Roy directed his glaring gaze to Aldebaran beside the wall, and while licking his lips with that long tongue of his in a lascivious manner,

Roy: [By that, do you mean that we, who cannot help but always be starving and starving and starving and starving, must learn to wait for permission? Such a thing, would that no~t be fair grounds to argue child abuse?]

Aldebaran: [Unfortunately, I’ve got no obligation to raise an evil brat like you. It’s said that in the Showa era, neighbors would help to discipline kids even if they weren’t part of the family, but this is Lugunica, and the current era ain’t Showa. Well, I did beat you up this much. I ain’t gonna be able to deny the abuse allegations.]

Placing his hand over the metal fitting on his helmet, Aldebaran rang out a clackering sound, to which Roy let out a jolly “Haha-”.

To respond with such an attitude after having been disciplined by having both his arms and legs broken in a scrupulous fashion, he truly was an eerie brat. At the very least, even in the Showa era in which corporal punishment was largely preferred, this level of discipline would not have been acceptable.

Nonetheless, Roy Alphard was beyond being an eerie brat; he was a Sin Archbishop first and foremost. Hence, he was hopeful that hedging a risk like this would be deemed within permissible limits.

Aldebaran: [Well, it’s not like I thought this affair would go that smoothly anyway.]

So grumbled Aldebaran, silently concluding the count at six-thousand and twenty-two in his mind.

This numerical count, which no longer necessitated any explanation, amounted to the number of attempts Aldebaran had required to subdue a defiant Roy Alphard. If he were to enumerate how many bones and teeth had been broken, the number would grow to be several times that, easily. That was how much of a handful disciplining this evil brat had been.

Aldebaran: [Seriously, I never thought I’d end up having to go through the same kinda trial and error I did with Reinhard…]

Utilizing his moniker of “Bizarre Eating” to the fullest, Roy Alphard wielded the power of Eclipse to reproduce the abilities and techniques of those eaten by his Authority of Gluttony―― therefore, being that Roy was essentially stockpiling innumerable warriors within his own self, ditching any ineffective tactics on the spot in favor of immediately bringing out novel fighting styles, this affair had bore a close resemblance to the one against Reinhard, who had adopted Divine Protections adequate to adapt to any given circumstance.

As luck would have it, Aldebaran had already attained experience points in excess of one-hundred and thirty thousand from his battle with Reinhard, thus he had reached a feat in excellence by dealing with a likewise exceptional foe while staying within four digits.

Aldebaran: [Regardless, you were captured right after fighting at the Tower. Considering you weren’t even given proper treatment after that, you’ve sure put up one hell of a fight.]

Roy: [Ehh~? Being so completely and utterly shut down in everything we tried to do, it was our first time experiencing such a thing, and yet, don’t tell me you’re trying to comfort us, uncle? If so~, the number one method to comfort us would be…]

Aldebaran: [“Gluttonous drinking gluttony” will be ringing in my ears till tomorrow. Just hearing it makes this old man’s stomach shudder in fear, digesting fried food’s only getting tougher and tougher for people my age.]

Roy: [How unfriendly~.]

A smile over his mouth lined with fangs, Roy regarded Aldebaran with eyes opened wide.

That gaze of his was tinged with interest and appetite and curiosity and appetite and sadism and appetite and, at any rate it was a full-course meal that made a chill run down Aldebaran’s spine. The pain of his limbs having been broken was even now still surpassed by a feeling of hunger, and that fact had been the reason for the chill; so exhaustively distorted was that way of being.

To harbor sympathy for him, he wished not. After all, chosen by the Witch Factors just like the Witches, the Sin Archbishops were likewise detestable pariahs who from birth had been separated from the rails of normalcy.

Aldebaran: [Good grief… Shall I explain the situation to you?]

Roy: [Huh~, you’ll be kind enough to do that? What’s this what’s this, started feeling pity for the child whose arms and legs you broke? But guess so. There’s no way a decent adult could remain composed after shattering the limbs of such an innocent child-. Well, calling you a decent adult with this sort of appearance and helmet over the head, uncle, is what you’d call debata~ble.]

Aldebaran: [You sure do prattle on… This place’s the Royal Capital of Lugunica, far removed from Pleiades Watchtower where you were captured. Your counterpart――]

Roy: [――Ah~, he died, right?]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Roy: [Even we, are properly aware of that. Family bonds are far deeper and stronger than you might think, uncle… Sorry sorry, that was a lie. We simply reckoned as such because we can’t feel Ley’s Witch Factor. Besides…]

Aldebaran: [Besides?]

Roy: [Even if it’s impossible to tell from the outside, those within these frozen confines are still able to feel the exterior a bit. Despite such a tight seal, for everyone to be so rattled is pretty patheti~c.]

With the repulsive note of his lips being licked, Roy impassively spoke of his counterpart’s death. Aldebaran was unwittingly unnerved by his attitude.

His equanimity in accepting his counterpart’s death, his sibling Ley Batenkaitos, was also part of it, but his attestation that that “black coffin”―― a seal belonging to the same lineage as Ol Shamak, had the margin to permit the apprehension of the outside world, was what truly astonished Aldebaran.

And, putting aside Aldebaran’s astonishment, Roy swivelled his body, vocalizing a “Here we go”; now facing upwards, the former’s figure was cast upside down in his field of view.

Roy: [Ah~, that was suffocating. This is much better… so? Uncle, based on our Memories you’re someone party to the Royal Selection, right~? For you to release us, a Sin Archbishop, like this, would that not bring notoriety to your precious Princess――]

Aldebaran: [In addition to the fighting styles, you also ought to have taken in all kinds of ways of thinking, yeah? If you don’t wanna be thought of as an incompetent fool who only gathers tools but can’t do shit, then think before you ask.]

Roy: [Wow, such outrage. Stirred the hornet’s nest? So nice, quite nice, very nice, isn’t it nice, because it is probably nice, surely it is very nice! Won’t ask any further than that. Certainly no questions like if you’re taut in despair because of your precious, oh so precious Princess’s death… Gah-!]

Aldebaran: [That so. That’d be helpful. Thank you for your consideration.]

Roy’s facial expression as he bore a baleful smile was acutely strained once his fractured shoulder was vigorously stepped on. Meticulously did Aldebaran grind his heel down into the fractured bones, lowering his foot.

The compeer was a Sin Archbishop. Though already distinct, from the perspective of proceeding affairs according to plan, he could be denoted as the worst possible party. Even if him snapping to bite forthwith upon the seal’s undoing had been anticipated, it was by no means an anticipation that he had been glad about being on the money regarding.

A Sin Archbishop, the kind of enemy who if not a necessary factor for the plan, he would gladly drop down the Great Waterfall, him imprisoned within the coffin as was.

However――,

Roy: […Hk-, to yet go so far that you’d need us . What a tribulation you’re in, right~, uncle?]

Aldebaran: [This guy just never stops yapping. Wish your parents’d teach you to pipe down.]

Roy: [Birth parent? Or foster parent? The former died upon our birth and took our little sister with them as well, and the latter would surely~ be pretty incompatible with you, uncle.]

Aldebaran: [No matter which, I get that neither would be very effective. ――No choice.]

Even though a dialogue was miraculously established, there lay nothing to gain from his response. Garrulous hollow tirades were a signature characteristic of the Sin Archbishops, and Gluttony was not innocent of that charge either.

Only odiousness and repugnance exacerbated, and rather than comfort it only deteriorated the state of mind of the living.

Aldebaran: [――――]

As Roy lay down whilst facing upwards like a carp atop a cutting board, he halfway conceded to him and squatted.

Interchanging gazes through the helmet with Aldebaran as he looked below, the upside-down Roy rounded his eyes in curiosity alongside a tinge of ache from the stomping of his fractured bones.

Roy: [What’s this what’s this? Uncle, what’re you gonna do next? Teach a lesson to a disobedient child through torture? But you know~, we already have gotten used to that type of pain, you see~.]

Aldebaran: [Relax. I’m the same as you, I ain’t got much faith in using pain to compel others into doing my bidding. If sentiments surpass the pain, then that ain’t gonna make the opponent yield. That’s why.]

Roy: [That’s why~?]

Aldebaran: [What I’ll tie you with, is neither pain nor sentiment. ――A promise.]

Enunciating so, Aldebaran inserted his thumb into the jaw portion of his helmet and bit his fingertip. Accompanying the sharp pain emerged a drip of blood, the dyed finger then being pointed towards Roy.

Subsequently, whilst he pressed the finger tinged in blood against the bare body of the collapsed blasphemer,

Aldebaran: [Don’t pose needless resistance. Though I was made to practice enough to be able to paint it with my eyes closed… this would be the first time I’m testing its efficacy.]

Roy: [To scribble on the bare body of a child with blood, now that’s an interest vulgar enough to make even us Sin Archbishops aghast. To even perform such a deviant act, what do you want us to do? Destroy the country or something?]

Aldebaran: [I don’t intend that, and I could do that by myself if I wanted to. I’ve gone out of my way to free a detestable lil’ brat like you. It’s something that only you can do.]

Roy: [Only us, huh~?]

As the bloody finger traced his body, Roy flashed his fangs in a grin as he enjoyed the ticklish sensation.

That obscene look in his eyes, that tone, that exuded presence, all were urging Aldebaran to vocalize the portion he had yet to put to words.

Whilst peevish that it might appear as though he were going along with the other party’s intentions by conforming to that urge, he responded.

The reason why Aldebaran had unleashed Roy Alphard, that was――,

Aldebaran: [――There’s someone I’d like to have you eat with your Authority. I won’t be taking no for an answer.]

Roy: [Hmmm? Well, I guess that’s so. You did release us. It couldn’t have been anything more than that~.]

Inclining his head with his back to the floor, Roy’s cheeks contorted at Aldebaran’s demand.

As to whether the intent behind that smile had been an acceptance or a rejection, Aldebaran knew not. Regardless of which it was, Roy’s own will was irrelevant.

The means by which he would be made to abide had been inscribed upon Roy Alphard’s flesh, engraved into his soul.

Roy: [――A curse mark bound by an Oath. Thorough to the point of obstinacy, isn’t it~? Did you come up with this by yourself, uncle? Or perhaps you are echoing some deranged Curse Arts User?]

Aldebaran: [Echoing. There’s no doubt in regards to them being completely deranged, but that person wasn’t a Curse Arts User. They’re a magician. Without a doubt, the most supreme magician throughout the history of this world. Regardless of their personality.]

Roy: [And the conditions for the Oath~?]

Aldebaran: [If you eat someone without my permission, you’ll die in a fiery blaze along with your soul.]

Informing him succinctly, Aldebaran lifted Roy’s body onto his shoulders without glancing at his face.

The blasphemer had indulged himself in Bizarre Eating, making a mess of his feed as he pleased; his body, however, was light. Given that his position was that of having snuck into the Prison Tower where Roy had been sealed, him being light was a great help.

He had more or less knocked out all the guards, but it would be best for him to maintain prudence on the return.

Aldebaran: [After this, we’ll link back up with Yae and lil’ miss Felt――]

In order to have support in the Royal Capital, he had ordered Yae to keep watch over Felt and left them waiting in the Barielle Villa. Leip Barielle had had that manor constructed originally, but those plans had been largely altered through Priscilla’s meddling, and thus the residence had been completed in its current form.

All around, it was a mansion that had been left with the vestiges of Priscilla’s favored designs; the fact that they needed a base notwithstanding, it was not a place at which Aldebaran wished to sojourn overlong.

Hence, he would quickly pick up Yae and Felt, then converge with “Aldebaran” and Heinkel outside the Royal Capital.

Roy: [Come to think of it, we also said this earlier~.]

To Aldebaran, who had been ruminating things over internally, Roy suddenly began speaking, being carried atop the former’s shoulder. From a sidelong glance, Aldebaran could tell that Roy, with his limp limbs, was gazing at the floor.

Following that gaze, Aldebaran knit his brow, wondering what the matter was.

Thereupon――,

Roy: [That before you took us out, uncle, even within the frozen confines of that blackness, we could still sense our surroundings, even if only dimly. But you see, this place is completely isolated from the outside world~. In such a state, visitations would be utterly preposterous, and so not even rats could enter, let alone a single insect. And yet~.]

Aldebaran: [――Ah?]

Roy: [Zodda bugs, it’s quite the unusual affair for them to have gotten in here unnoticed, isn’t it~?]

Roy’s slimy words, they were consistent with the small bug reflected in Aldebaran’s vision.

Crawling on the cold ground, their form eerie and repulsive, was a Zodda bug, an insect abhorred by everyone in this world. They were the equivalent to cockroaches, which could be found anywhere, so it was not strange in the slightest for them to be present in the Prison Tower. ――Aldebaran thought no such thing.

Aldebaran: [――Hk, I fucked up!]

Unable to control the dread welling up inside of him, Aldebaran forgot to be considerate of the fact that atop his shoulders was being carried a Roy of broken limbs, thus he hastily rushed out of the solitary cell, and out of the Prison Tower.

Were he to not expedite his escape to the utmost, before long Aldebaran’s infiltration would be exposed――,

???: [――That’s enough.]

The moment he set foot outside of the Prison Tower, that voice struck Aldebaran’s eardrums.

Concomitantly, a numbing drop in temperature upon his skin he felt; and likewise perceivable was the creaking of his helmet due to the thermal swing compared to the interior of the tower. Powdery snow fluttering down through his environs, the arrival of this out-of-season cold wave shook Aldebaran’s psyche beyond what a farmer’s would be as they imagined the damage to their crop.

A voice he knew well, that of a silver bell.

Treading upon the thin layer of snow that had piled upon the sprawling garden in the vicinity of the Prison Tower, her long, silver hair glistening amidst the snowscape, she gallantly made her approach.

Always did those beautiful amethyst eyes house a calm, gentle light. ――But, such did not apply now. To an unmistakable extent, those amethyst eyes were blazing aflare.

Beyond a shadow of a doubt, by her ire they were blazing――,

???: [――Return Subaru and Beatrice.]

A silent, dignified declaration of purpose, a demeanor permitted exclusively to a ruler of sorts.

Even if for only a moment, that impression was indeed given, for that was the extent to which the woman standing there was so beautiful, so lovely, so noble.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Breathing visibly white breaths, Aldebaran had ended up freezing in his tracks. Standing before him, atop the snow, the Witch of Glaciation―― Emilia, lifted her well-shaped eyebrows firmly, and declared.

Emilia: [Right now, I’m reaaally angry, so I won’t be holding back even if it’s you, Al.]

Translation notes: [1] – The common crosswalk jingle in Japan for more information, see here. [2] – The idiom “喉から手が出る” is translated literally as “a hand coming out of one’s throat”, meaning “to desperately desire something really badly”. Yae making it two and three hands is to emphasize how much Heinkel desires the Dragon’s Blood.

--- Chapter 25: Emilia was Enraged ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Emilia: [Right now, I’m reaaally angry, so I won’t be holding back even if it’s you, Al.]

Speaking thus, the Witch of Glaciation, having transformed the vicinity of the Prison Tower into a wintry snowscape, cast him a stern gaze.

The irate emotions ablaze in those amethyst eyes, spurred a dry sensation in Aldebaran’s throat.

Even in the Empire, many a time had he borne witness to the sight of her kicking her long legs with all her might, doing battle with a look of seriousness on her beautiful countenance. But, that look of seriousness had always been deeply tinged with her courage and thoughtfulness, never colored with the hue of fury.

Hence, this was the first time.

Aldebaran: [――――]

The first time that he had come across a scene where Emilia’s eyes were filled with anger, casting an intense gaze upon somebody.

Not to mention, to think it was a moment in which that anger was directed fully and entirely unto himself, even the act of imagining that.

Aldebaran: […To say that I never even imagined it… guess that’d be asking for too much.]

Hijacking the dragonhusk of the Divine Dragon Volcanica, and mobilizing the Witch of Envy with the objective of halting the Sword Saint Reinhard, he was an enemy of the world. ――Even before all that, the moment he sealed away Natsuki Subaru, even if not on the scale of the whole world, there were a great number of people who thus became enemies of Aldebaran.

Emilia was at the forefront of that list. This confrontation was the inevitable price he had to pay for the decision he had made.

???: [What’s this~, how peculiar? It seems like you’ve angered her quite a bit~, uncle. That onee-san is terrifying when you anger her, did you know~?]

Aldebaran: [Shut up.]

???: [Ohh, scary, scary.]

Carried on Aldebaran’s shoulders, the immobilized Roy sneered in ridicule.

The circumstances of Roy’s capture had been through combat with Natsuki Subaru’s group at the Pleiades Watchtower―― naturally, Emilia was also present there. It made sense for him to know her.

Even before that, Roy had eaten many Names and Memories in Pristella, and it would not have been strange for some of those among them to have known Emilia.

Hence, what he currently ought to focus on was not Roy’s slimy persiflage, but rather――,

Aldebaran: [――. Yo, what a coincidence to run into you here, miss――]

Laboring to select the words for his first vocalization, Aldebaran opened his mouth.

But, unfortunately for the effort he had spent to select those first words, it had been meaningless.

That was because――,

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Halfway through Aldebaran’s utterance, which aimed to examine his opponent’s approach, Emilia pitched forward, ushering an explosion of the snow accumulated by her feet, her silver hair fluttering as she kicked off the ground.

Amidst his snow-blanketed vision, directly after he perceived the glisten of her fluttering silver hair――,

Emilia: [Hiyaah!!]

――Sparing no measure, a gauntlet of ice was driven directly into Aldebaran’s solar plexus.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Rewinding time a bit before that blow to the solar plexus.

???: [Subaru and everyone else…!]

???: [That’s the word from one of my people. Everyone in the Tower has been taken out.]

The one who informed them of this was Felt, who was staying in the Royal Capital at the time.

It was their first reunion since the events of the Watergate City of Pristella, but they had no time to catch up on old times.

To begin with, Emilia’s reason for visiting the Royal Capital was not a pleasant one―― she had to report to the Royal Castle that Priscilla Barielle had lost her life in the Vollachian Empire.

Emilia was deeply grieved to have to bring back news that would significantly affect the Royal Selection and, above all, sadden the many who knew and loved Priscilla.

What Felt had told Emilia was a huge blow.

Emilia: [Al…]

Why would he do something like that? Those were words Emilia could not bring herself to say.

If Al were to do something reckless now, there was no way it would not be related to Priscilla’s death. Al’s devastation at losing someone so important to him placed him into an unbearable state, which was why Emilia and the others listened to Subaru’s plea and saw them off to the Pleiades Watchtower.

She believed that this would give Al a chance to recover―― or at least a chance to move forward.

But despite that――,

???: [――Felt-sama, may I ask you for more details?]

Next to Emilia, who was biting her lip and clenching her fists, was Otto, who had come to the Royal Capital with her, and asked Felt.

In contrast to Emilia, who was overwhelmed by the devastating news, Otto’s expression, with his eyes fixed on Felt, was calm, and his voice was steady. But Emilia knew what it meant when Otto acted like this―― that he was at his angriest.

Felt sensed the quiet pressure emanating from Otto’s anger, which was well-known to everyone in Emilia’s camp, and crossed her arms, replying, “Yeah, sure,”

Felt: [The Knight nii-chan and the little Spirit are being held captive by the helmet bastard. I don’t know how, but it seems he doesn’t intend to kill them.]

Otto: [No intention to kill…? What about the others at the Tower?]

Felt: [Flam contacted me and said they’re okay. Meili and Emilia-neechan’s maid are safe. But our Sensei and that Garfiel guy got pretty beat up. It looks like he didn’t take their lives.]

Otto: [――. Is that so? Thank you.]

Felt: [That ain’t something to thank me for. I would have felt worse if I knew how they were and didn’t tell you.]

After telling her everything without hesitation, Felt looked at Emilia, who was still clenching her fists. Struck by the intensity of Felt’s gaze, Emilia gasped.

Then, Felt continued as Emilia’s cheeks stiffened.

Felt: [We’ve decided on our plan. We’ll use Reinhard to get back to our territory as quickly as possible. We need to consult with Rom-jii and figure out what we need to do next.]

Emilia: [Isn’t that the Astrea Domain? If so, it’s close to the Augria Sand Dunes, so we can go with you, Felt-chan――]

Otto: [――No, we should not do that, Emilia-sama.]

Emilia: [What?]

Emilia leaned eagerly forward, but Otto’s calm voice stopped her.

However, Emilia was confused, as she did not understand why she was being stopped. After all, she had to rush to the Tower where Subaru and the others were in trouble.

Emilia: [Is it because Reinhard will have a hard time if there are more of us? Well, it would reaaally be difficult to lighten up anymore, but I’ll do my best…!]

Felt: [Even if Emilia and Zodda Bug-niichan join in, it won’t make much difference to that guy’s workload. But that’s not what you’re saying, right?]

Otto: [Regardless of your perception of me, Felt-sama… yes.]

Felt and Otto nodded to each other, while question marks flew above Emilia’s head.

However, although Emilia was unable to keep up with what the two of them were thinking, she held no doubt that those thoughts were correct and had been thoroughly considered.

Emilia: [Felt-chan, be careful. Tell Reinhard as well. As for Al…]

Felt: [Naturally, when it comes to the helmet bastard, I can’t make any promises. Sorry ‘bout that.]

Emilia: [――. No, I’m glad you clearly told me that you cannot make any promises.]

Their reunion was short-lived, and the content of their conversation had not been pleasant in the slightest. Still, Emilia gave Felt a parting hug, and saw the girl, whose expression had become strange, off from the Royal Castle.

Afterward, Felt and the others had been flown to the Astrea Domain by Reinhard, thereupon, it was a matter of performing a large variety of tasks that would be absolutely vital, even so…

Emilia: [Subaru…]

After Felt’s tempestuous departure, Emilia remained in the royal residence with her gaze cast downward.

Even now, she had not been able to relax her tightly clenched fists. Felt had said that everyone sent to the Pleiades Watchtower had suffered terribly.

However, among them, the one Emilia was most anxious about was her Knight, Subaru.

Even in the Empire, he had put in a great effort for the sake of Rem and Spica, he had fought alongside Abel, had been shrunk down to a child, had grown big again, and yet he had not been able to save Priscilla.

The way he had punished himself, by having his many friends from the Empire beat him up, was something she could not bear to watch. And yet, the kindness Subaru had shown in consideration of Al was betrayed――.

Emilia: [I…]

A strange sensation had been lit deep within her chest, and it bubbled forth, making Emilia aware of the heat within her own heart.

A feeling that was neither sad nor heartbreaking, it was an emotion that Emilia had rarely harboured, and was thus greatly perplexing to her.

A sensation like this, within her chest, in the depths of her eyes, at the very core of her heart, this feeling as if vigorously boiling, the last time she had felt this way was―― during her confrontation with Regulus, back in Pristella.

At Regulus who had bound the hearts of his brides, Sylphy and the others, for utterly selfish reasons, Emilia had been truly, truly furious. The same rage as back then, or perhaps one even greater, now burned within her.

Otto: [Emilia-sama, thank you for granting my plea.]

Emilia: [Otto-kun…]

Emilia, who had realized that she was greatly furious, to the extent of being nearly unable to contain it, had intuitively understood that Otto, who wore a calm expression, was also feeling the same.

That was to be expected. After all, being worried for Subaru and the others, Otto was one among those who had accompanied Emilia and the others to the Empire. This state, could not be allowed to continue――,

Emilia: [Eeep!]

Making a loud thwack sound, Emilia slapped her own cheeks with both hands. It was an act so unexpected that Otto exclaimed “E-Emilia-sama?” in astonishment.

Feeling sorry about that, Emilia lowered her hands from her stinging cheeks,

Emilia: [Just now, my mind was going haywire, and I didn’t feel like I would be able to speak properly, that’s why. But now, I feel alright…! Well, the alright part was a lie, but I can speak properly.]

Otto: […Is that so. In that case I too shall――.]

Emilia: [Yikes!]

As Emilia nodded, a thwack resounded as Otto also slapped his own cheeks the same way she did. Having done so with such a strength, Emilia was startled by the sound that was loud enough to invoke doubts about an impending nosebleed.

However, Otto did not get a nosebleed, but his cheeks were likely just as red as Emilia’s own,

Otto: [――. I shall explain the reason behind why we did not accompany Felt-sama. It is because there would be no point to us going and… to prepare for an unlikely possibility.]

Emilia: […Please continue.]

Emilia did not interrupt the explanation that Otto, with both his hands upon his cheeks, was giving.

She had questions. She had plenty she wanted to say. But first, she would listen to everything the other person had to say. For Otto would have already prepared a proper reply for nearly everything Emilia was concerned about.

Otto: [If Reinhard-san is on the front lines, then there is no point sending in anyone based on their military might. Felt-sama must also understand that. Then, the reason why she still decided to return to her domain would be――]

Emilia: [――That’s… so she could prepare?]

Otto: [Correct. Just think about it. Aside from Natsuki-san and the others, if Felt-sama’s companions in the Tower were attacked, Reinhard-san would obviously appear. Despite all of that, Al-san… That man took the plunge.]

Finally, Emilia began to understand what Otto was trying to say.

Reinhard was overwhelmingly strong. Most likely, of the people Emilia knew―― no, even including the people she did not know, Reinhard was the strongest in the world. Puck had said so himself, so it had to be true.

Understanding that he would clash against Reinhard, it was strange to expect that Al had nothing prepared. Meaning, Al had definitely prepared something, and so even Reinhard could be in danger.

Emilia: [Felt-chan was worried about Reinhard, so she went back in order to prepare… But then, what about us? If we were preparing, we probably should do so with Felt-chan and all of the others…]

Otto: [We are the ones after Reinhard-san, that Felt-sama and the others have prepared for.]

Emilia: [――. I see. If he knows Reinhard is coming, and he was preparing for that, and she is planning for that preparation… Umm.]

Otto: [That’s right. Of course, if we begin talking about preparing for preparations, then there would be no end to the discussion. The reason behind that man’s reckless actions is because of what happened in the Empire… even if his plan is thorough, it does not seem likely he would have had much time to prepare.]

Emilia: […Mm, yeah, that’s right.]

Thanks to the careful and detailed explanation, Emilia’s understanding had caught up to Otto and the others. While Emilia admired the depth with which he thought, she could not help but feel terribly and profoundly sad when Otto intentionally shifted from calling him Al-san to “that man.”

Otto had a strong sense of camaraderie. Among Emilia’s friends, his was surely the strongest. It was what made him so reliable, but it also forced him to make painful compromises.

Nevertheless――,

Emilia: […I too, don’t know what to think, Al.]

He had a reason. There had to be one. But, even if he had a reason, there were some things that she could not allow or forgive.

She was worried about Subaru. Was Beatrice okay? She had heard that Garfiel was injured. Petra and Meili were undoubtedly filled with anxiety. Subaru’s beloved Patrasche, she might also be crying. ――With roaring flames, the inside of her chest grew hot.

Otto: [――This is my fault.]

Like that, in front of Emilia, whose heart was set ablaze with emotions, Otto suddenly muttered this.

Not understanding the contents of his utterance, Emilia’s eyes unconsciously widened, as she became lost for words. Otto covered his face with the hands that had been resting on his cheek up till now, and stared up at the ceiling. Because he was taller than she was, when he did this, Emilia was unable to see his face.

However, the trembling of that voice, she understood that it came not just from simple anger.

Otto: [I thought Natsuki-san was getting too involved. Moving for the sake of what Priscilla-sama’s death had left behind, I forced myself to agree in order to save him with a distraction from himself. I tried to convince myself that it would be fine if Beatrice-chan, who had been separated from him, would be by his side. The care and follow up , I thought I could leave it to the brave Petra-chan.]

Emilia: [Otto-kun…]

Otto: [Above everything else, I entrusted everything to Garfiel. Those things that we should have done, we forced onto our straightforward, ever honest, sensitive Garfiel.]

Emilia: [Otto-kun!]

The moment the tremble in his voice bordered on a complete breakdown, Emilia grabbed both of Otto’s arms, and lowered his face with her hand, so that she could face him head-on. Then, she saw it.

――For the first time ever, she saw Otto’s blue eyes moist with tears.

Otto: [Damn it… why am I always so thoughtless…]

Emilia: [――――]

Otto: [When my hands cannot reach, when my feet cannot even make it in time, I have no choice but to use my head to make up for those shortcomings. Even though I act like I understand that, even though I pretend to be clever, at the most critical moments I always――]

Emilia: [――!]

No longer did she want to hear any more of Otto’s continuous self-blame, with that tearful face twisted in sorrow.

So Emilia, without releasing the arm she had been holding, drew him towards herself and hugged Otto’s head against her chest. Perhaps it was the suddenness of Emilia’s unexpected action that rendered Otto frozen without a sound. In the meantime――,

Emilia: [Don’t talk about yourself like that! Otto-kun is always doing his best! We all understand that. And that’s why we want to properly hear what Otto-kun has to say.]

Otto: [Emi… lia-sama…]

Emilia: [I know! Even though I say this, Otto-kun probably understands it too, right? But I only have my own words, and I can only say what I am thinking, so I can at least say it with my own feelings. So――]

Otto: [――――]

Emilia: [Nothing is over yet. We reaaally can still do so much more!]

Emilia spoke with a resolute declaration as she tightly held Otto’s head in her arms. It was as though she were telling this to herself, yet at the same time, she still carried the belief that her words were true.

It was something that none other than Emilia’s Knight, Natsuki Subaru, had woven into her being time and time again.

Together, Emilia and Subaru had crafted this unshakable trust to be the very thing they took the greatest pride in.

Emilia: [We are reaaally bad at giving up.]

Indeed, they were not good at it: at holding their heads down in distress, curling up and fleeing from it all. And, precisely because they could not do that, they had no choice but to unyieldingly press on and do their best without ever giving up.

Perhaps Emilia’s appeal had found its way to him. Suddenly, Otto’s body, which had been rigid until this moment, relaxed, and then,

Otto: […Please let go of my arms, or Natsuki-san will definitely kill me.]

Emilia: [No, no one is going to die! It’s precisely for that reason that we are doing this…]

Otto: [I understand! I understand, so please let go of me!]

Emilia begrudgingly let go of the squirming Otto’s arms. She watched him intently, as if to ensure that he had truly recovered. Otto wiped his brow with a handkerchief and let out a sigh.

It was a large, deep sigh.

Otto: [I know it is not the time for this, but I just remembered.]

Emilia: [What did you remember?]

Otto: [――The reason as to why I am giving my assistance to Natsuki-san and Emilia-sama.]

Otto spoke these words calmly, using his handkerchief to lightly wipe away the remaining traces of his tears. The expression he held now was a stark contrast to the anger that had once contorted his features just moments before, for whatever he had just recalled had now conjured a newfound face of bravery.

Otto: [The enemy has abducted both Natsuki-san and Beatrice-chan. There must be a reason as to why they did this. The aim of abductions is generally to threaten their related parties, or perhaps even the abductees themselves…]

Emilia: [So, it’s either us or Subaru, right?]

Otto: [Yes. If the Divine Dragon truly is involved, it will prove to be an issue for the entire Kingdom. Whatever role we must fulfill, let us do so in the Royal Capital.]

Emilia: [――. Yes, let’s do that. We have to move chipperly.]

As she listened to Otto’s future plans, Emilia was doing her best to suppress her own impulses.

Emilia: [――――]

These delayed impulses were an overwhelming urge to rush out at once to help out Subaru and the others. Things that Otto’s rationale had constructed, such as Reinhard’s presence and Felt’s readiness, her fervent desire threatened to push them all away.

She wanted to touch him. She wanted to look at him. She wanted to hear his voice.

When he got hurt, when he surely wanted to lower his head, she yearned to be by his side.

Emilia: [――Subaru.]

Anger was not the emotion that scorched Emilia’s chest, yet she could not grasp what it was that stirred within her whatsoever.

△▼△▼△▼△

Emilia: [Hiyaah!!]

Diving in without so much as listening to a word, she drove a strike carrying every fiber of her being into Al’s solar plexus. ――All of this was in accordance with the instructions of Otto, who had dispatched Emilia here.

Otto: [Please suppress the urge to listen to the opponent’s pleas or side of the story. All of that can be sorted out in due time, but for now we must ensure the opposing side does not play their hand.]

Otto, who had urged Emilia onward as she bolted out, had been invoking his Divine Protection of the Soul of Language to trace the whereabouts of Al and his accomplices, causing his already pale complexion to blanch into the deathly pallor of a man beset by illness.

She did not want him to be reckless. But, when it came time to do so, there would be no other choice but to be reckless. Emilia, too, did not live in a way so bereft of recklessness that she could stop him.

That was why, in order to bring an end to that recklessness even a little sooner, Emilia was doing her best.

Emilia: [How about――]

This! As Emilia began to formulate those words, she felt a peculiar sensation in her ice-hardened fist.

The gauntlet should have made contact with Al’s bare skin, but the recoil was making it feel as though she had punched a hard, steadfast wall――,

Al: [How abrupt…!!]

Al uttered these words as if wringing them out from his throat, his torso shielded by a coat of stone armor.

This was the preemptive strike that Otto had told her to perform, but it had failed. Still, this was not the time to dwell on it. If the first strike did not connect, then she would just have to try again a second and a third time.

Al: [The fact that you ain’t even gonna lend an ear is kinda cold.]

Emilia: [That’s! Al’s the one who―― mmphh .]

Al: [Mmphh?]

Emilia: [I promised not to… SAY――!]

Though Al’s stone armor had absorbed the punch, the impact had flung him backward; as he said those things, Emilia had forcibly shut her own mouth mid-retort, then formed a two-handed hammer of ice, sweeping it at him in a horizontal strike.

The one-armed Al was bearing a small figure slung over his right shoulder. Whilst thinking it unfair to exploit that handicap of his, Emilia deliberately aimed a blow toward Al’s left side.

The strike, unleashed at her full strength, was going to be very painful if it landed. But painful was not all that it would be.

Al: [Tch!]

Al caught Emilia’s underhanded attack with his left arm―― a limb of stone forged through magic. But despite blocking the attack, he clicked his tongue, and promptly destroyed and discarded the arm he had gone through the trouble of creating.

The reason for this was that the area struck by the ice hammer was beginning to freeze over, the encroaching frost having been about to reach Al’s body.

Otto: [If we set aside our emotional concerns, capturing that man alive is an absolute necessity in order to rescue Natsuki-san and Beatrice-sama. In that respect, your fighting style is a compatible fit, Emilia-sama. Nonetheless――]

Emilia: [――I promised that I wouldn’t be reckless like Subaru!]

Keeping that exchange and the promise she had forged with Otto before her departure close to her heart, Emilia conjured a new set of twin ice swords. ―― Emilia’s Ice Brand Arts, her usage of it had gained a new variation.

Her weapons of ice would freeze her opponents upon impact, robbing them of control over both their body and weapon. It demanded a modest increase in Mana consumption in comparison to her ordinary weapons, but was within the standard error deviation so long as she would not be fighting too much.

To stop an opponent without taking their life. ――The possibility of this new martial art, was what Emilia had desired.

???: [Ah-haha~! Uncle, it seems you’ve gotten yourself into a real pickle, haven’t you~?]

Al: [Shut it!]

Casting aside the artificial arm that had begun to freeze over, Al shouted at the heckler he was carrying.

Upon seeing that the person that Al had gone through such lengths to carry was none other than Roy Alphard, who had been held in captivity in the Prison Tower, Emilia bit her lip.

Roy, the Sin Archbishop that Emilia’s comrades had done their utmost to capture at the Pleiades Watchtower with the help of Anastasia’s own group. Julius in particular had exerted the utmost of efforts, and his decision to not take Roy’s life, as well as Anastasia’s courage to accept that, were things that Emilia had looked exceedingly favourably upon.

Emilia: [But now, they’ll both be so disappointed…!]

Whatever his reasons might have been, Emilia would halt Al here and now. And alongside him, she would also detain the one whom Al brought out, Roy.

Al: [I ain’t got a single reason to go along with your intentions, though.]

Immediately after vocalizing such enthusiasm, Al’s feet underwent a sudden upheaval, and the two runaways were launched into the sky.

In such a manner, he was distanced from Emilia, and made an attempt to flee from the scene. With a late start, Emilia would be unable to catch up to him even were she to extend out her ice.

But――,

Emilia: [―― Icicle Line .]

A barrier of ice and snow was deployed around the Prison Tower, preventing his escape.

With a cry of “Gwoah-!?” ringing out across the sky, Al’s escape sequence ended in failure, thwarted by the canopy of ice spreading out to completely cover the area surrounding him.

Then, as Al’s head collided against the glacial ceiling, he was left to plummet upside down; Emilia circled around to the spot where he would hit the ground and slammed her twin swords of ice into the suspended Al――,

Emilia: [――Hk!?]

The twin swords parried by a hard sensation, Emilia’s eyes widened, her breath catching.

If Al had received the blows with a prosthetic arm, as he had done earlier, it would not have surprised her. Al had indeed created a new arm, but that was not all that had been created. ――Manifested there were twin swords, fashioned from rock.

Al: [ Earth Brand Arts , or something like that.]

Emilia: [You copycat…!]

Al: [It was Natsuki Subaru who came up with this, yeah? In that case, I’ve also got the right to use it.]

Before Emilia, her eyes wide open, Al spun from the recoil of their clashing twin blades of frost and stone; as distance opened up between them, he once again landed upon the snowy ground.

Giving rise to sound in his vicinity, stone weapons began to form one after another around Al. Bracing herself at the fact that Al could essentially replicate her Ice Brand Arts with his Earth Magic, Emilia realized something.

With a stone-forged arm, Al wielded stone-forged armaments―― but Roy, who was supposed to have been on his shoulder until a moment ago, was nowhere to be found.

Emilia: [Don’t tell me…]

Al: [Ah, I let him get away in the turmoil just now… it would’ve been cool to say that, but I couldn’t let it happen either. I just discarded him ‘cause he was getting in the way. Over there.]

Emilia’s shoulders had been jolted, but Al just shrugged and jerked his chin. He motioned toward the pillar of earth that had risen earlier, to which Roy was affixed upside down in the center.

Covered in a quilt of earth, Roy was bound to the pillar, cackling upon receiving Emilia’s gaze,

Roy: [Do your best, Onee-san. If Onee-san doesn’t win here, we’ll have no choice but to do whatever that uncle says~. Wait a sec~? But even if Onee-san wins, we’ll still have to go right back into that Prison Tower… haha-, guess it doesn’t even matter who wins, ri~ght?]

Emilia: […If you can wake up and reflect on your actions, then do that.]

Giving that answer to Roy, whose gaze fixedly clung to her, Emilia felt relieved for having not let him slip away, and she turned back to Al.

Roy, having been freed from the seal that had encased him in magic, was exceedingly dangerous, but with his time having been frozen as well, they had been unable to make him reflect. Thus, Emilia’s compromise had been manifested: she was going to confine him in an environment from which he could not escape, and while his consciousness remained, he would be forced to reflect on everything he had done.

Emilia: [All that can come later, once everything here’s all sorted out.]

Al: [That’s all fine and dandy, but… what, you finally feel like talking to me now?]

Emilia: [Ah…! From here then. From here on out, I won’t say another word.]

Al: [How cold. Lil’ miss, I figured you’d understand if I just talked to―― whoa!]

Al was eager to continue speaking, but towards him was hurled a stake of ice from Emilia; a proclamation of her intent. Al leapt sideways to evade it, and Emilia circled around to his side, thrusting a spear of frost into his flank.

The tip of the ice spear was caught by the blade of a rocky sword, shattering both simultaneously.

Instantly, the two forged their subsequent weapons, Emilia a rapier of ice, and Al a sword of stone, thus the clashing of their blades commenced; ‘twas a duel in which blades would be forged upon shattering, and blades would be shattered upon forging.

Roy: [How nice, so nice, quite nice, very nice, perhaps it’s nice, isn’t it nice, it’s probably nice, because it appears to be nice-! Gluttonous drinking-! Gluttony-!]

The sound of Roy’s voice as he licked his lips could be heard as he watched over Emilia and Al engage in a sword fight of frost and stone.

Whilst deliberately ignoring him, Emilia unleashed a multitude of nimble attacks; attacks that she was certain would strike true, and yet, Al had precariously dodged each one, with each narrow evasion filling Emilia with a growing sensation that something was amiss.

Her attacks would not hit even when they seemed like they would. It felt akin to driving a kick into formless water.

Above all else――,

Al: [――I don’t wanna praise it too much, but that’s a well refined technique. I envy your mutual love and understanding, Lil’ Miss.]

At that remark that had gone too far―― Emilia was enraged.

She resolved to do whatever she must to rid the land of that evil and ruthless king. ――Remembering that cliche stock phrase that Subaru had told her that people used when they got angry, Emilia was enraged. [1]

She did not want Al to speak about herself and Subaru in such a manner.

But what had infuriated Emilia even more was the knowledge that Al did not genuinely believe his own words. He had been merely prodding her in a deliberate attempt to invoke her fury.

In addition――,

Emilia: [I’ve been thinking about this for a while, but why do you look so lonely when you talk to me, Al?]

Al: [――. You said you wouldn’t speak with me…]

Emilia: [Don’t bring that up only when it’s convenient for you! Also, one more thing!]

Raising her voice, Emilia lifted her greatsword of ice high aloft and swung it down, prompting Al to position his stone sword above his head to receive the strike―― then suddenly, somebody latched onto Al’s legs and waist.

Gasping, Al realized that what had latched onto his body was none other than the owner of a pair of icy arms―― a soldier of ice.

At the presence of the ice soldier sculpted in the likeness of Subaru, on whom Emilia so deeply relied, Al grit his teeth with a “That’s the worst…!”

Thereupon, Emilia raised her foot, clad in a slipper of ice, overhead――,

Emilia: [――When you talk to me, look at me properly!!]

This time, her whole-hearted kick pierced through the rocky defenses, slamming directly into Al.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

Yae’s reaction, slightly raising her eyebrow with a twitch, did not go unnoticed by Felt’s perceptiveness.

It was not as though she held conviction. Only, in a pathetic situation where she could not do a thing, she would attempt to cling to every last shred of hope, believing any further disgrace to be insignificant.

One such shred, whilst recalling a previous occasion on which she had “been instilled with the resolve to die”, was the hope that this conversation between herself and Yae was perhaps being eavesdropped on by an insignificant something,

Yae: [Be quiet.]

Opening one of her usually-narrowed eyes, Yae advanced towards the door of the room.

The pressure of that demand possessed enough power to convince Felt that if she took any careless actions, the thread fastened to her neck would enact her execution.

Ergo, leaving the immoble Felt there, Yae reached out her hand to open the door―― that instant, the sharp point of a sword pierced the door with nary a sound, mercilessly surging towards Yae’s throat.

Felt: [――Hk.]

Felt’s breath caught, and visible to her was the sight of Yae’s white throat, sword piercing through―― but it did not. The tip of the sword came to a halt just barely before it could slit Yae’s throat.

It was not that her opponent had stopped. By binding a thread to the tip of the sword, Yae had narrowly averted the attack.

By a hair’s breadth, she had narrowly snatched survival from the jaws of death, however, the crisis befalling Yae did not end there. ――A sword distinct to the one that had been curbed erupted with a flash of light, cutting down the door as its shining steel ran amok.

Yae: [――――]

Faced with the oncoming storm of swords, Yae leaped backward as she brandished her threads.

A sword for one, and a thread the other, nevertheless did the clash between the two weapons spark the clangour of steel on steel throughout the room, scorching the eyes of the onlooking Felt with the scintillation of swords.

With skillful control over her hands, Yae released a volley of thread attacks that blanked all sight, tearing apart the room’s luxurious interior design. However, her opponent also put on an impressive display of swordplay with both hands, clearing away her ferocious onslaught head-on, and forcefully sweeping aside the threads that had entangled their own sword――,

???: [GYAHHHHH!!]

Yae: [――Guh.]

Unleashed was a front kick, landing squarely upon Yae’s slender waist. Promptly twisting her body, Yae did a half-spin whilst being blown away; planting her feet on the wall before landing on the ground, her hands clutched her stomach.

Then, training her gaze upon the intruder who had performed those acts,

Yae: [To so suddenly deliver a kick to a lady’s stomach, what a relentless guest you are~!]

???: [――Was such a thing necessary? Relent, for a shinobi such as yourself?]

Yae: [Isn’t that discrimination against shinobi ? That’s not very gentlemanly behavior, now is it?]

???: [Unfortunately, I possess no recollections of ever deserving to be called a gentleman. No matter where the wind blows me, I cannot be anything more than a swordsman, with no talents save swinging the sword.]

With those words, the individual shook the threads off both their swords, turning their calm, blue eyes towards Yae――  hearing that self-assessment, Felt softly muttered “Stop spewing that crap”.

To be sure, she did not know if he was a gentleman or not. Only, the evaluation of “swordsman” alone could not encompass his entirety. There were many who would not accept such as a description of this man on its own, this Felt knew.

After all, this man, styling himself as a swordsman, was the Sword Demon who had once surpassed the pinnacle of the sword――,

???: [――Wilhelm Trias. Upon catching wind of the predicament driving the Kingdom into ruin, I came at once to offer what little help I could.]

Upon hearing that introduction, Felt retreated to a corner of the room, and sighed.

At the arrival of an unthinkable reinforcement, she was filled with terribly complicated emotions――,

Felt: […Zodda bug-niichan, you really do whatever it takes, don’t you…? What the hell is wrong with all these guys from Emilia-neechan’s place?]

With that, she muttered in equal parts exasperation and admiration.

Translation Note:

[1] – This is a reference to a Japanese short story by Osamu Dazai, entitled 走れメロス (“Run, Melos”) and published in 1940, it is a widely read classic in Japanese schools. The story opens with the sentence “Melos was enraged. He resolved to do whatever he must to rid the land of that evil and ruthless king.”

--- Chapter 26: Sword Demon VS Crimson Sakura ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

An intense aura of swordsmanship hung over the chamber, and it was no joke that goosebumps erupted all over her skin.

Her mind had been trained to remain unshaken by most situations, but even when considering circumstances in which the unexpected and unforeseen might occur in rapid succession, a scenario such as this would be considered an anomaly, demanding to be deemed as an exception.

Yae: [――Wilhelm Trias.]

Rolling the name that had been given around within her mouth, Yae Tenzen quietly sharpened her vigilance.

They had exchanged but a single clash, yet her opponent’s opening move had been slamming her with a kick, forcing Yae to find herself at a disadvantage.

Even after she leapt backward to dampen the impact, the damage from that kick had left a heavy impression on Yae’s slender frame. Had she not retreated, the force might have opened a shoe-sized hole in her stomach. He had delivered a kick to a woman without restraint; as he himself had claimed, he could not be called a gentleman.

There was a worthy title for this old swordsman, which had been readied by the nation for more than forty years.

Namely――,

Yae: [――Sword Demon-san himself, gracing us with his presence here. To think I would meet such a legend myself, I’m so moved~. That episode in which you avenged your late wife, it must truly be an honor to be the Kingdom’s sword, huh~?]

Wilhelm: [――――]

Yae: [Oh? But if I’m not mistaken, I heard you had an unexpected reunion with your wife afterward! Surely the events in the Watergate City must’ve been terribly painful for you, no? I can only imagine your anguish, boo hoo.]

Wilhelm: [――――]

Whilst observing her opponent’s every move, Yae dabbed a finger at the corner of her eye in a pantomime of tears.

Beneath Yae’s crimson gaze, the old swordsman―― Wilhelm stood dignified and unwavering, the two swords in his grip radiating a sharp aura as he met her stare.

Within the calm light of those twin blue eyes, Yae understood that her attempts to unsettle her opponent by brazenly trampling on his heart had proven to be fruitless; she had merely succeeded in playing the role of a villainess.

Yae: […The image I had from what I’ve heard of you led me to believe you were a more passionate person, but~…]

Apparently, that impression had been unreliable.

Given that the source of this information had been none other than Heinkel, if even details regarding his own biological father lacked credibility, then what exactly could she expect of him? Frankly, it would have been better to assign him to take care of Felt rather than the Dragon.

And, should Heinkel have allowed Felt to escape, then the pretext of eliminating her and cutting ties with Heinkel altogether would simultaneously hold ground.

As for Yae’s reasoning as to why she thought such things――,

Yae: [Aside from the old village chief, there shouldn’t be many people who are able to notice my presence concealment―― Felt-sama, might you have done something mischievous?]

Felt: [The hell kind of accusation is that? You know full well I’ve not been able to even lift a finger, you bastard.]

Wilhelm: [――――]

Felt: [Besides talking to your sorry ass, I haven’t done anything. Right now, that’s taking up all my effort.]

With a hint of self-resentment in her voice, Felt spat thus as she retreated to a corner of the room.

When it came to feigning anger, she was not the type to be adept. If she truly possessed the refined acting skills to modulate even her vocal tremors, then such a masterful deception would truly be one worthy of awe.

Therefore, Yae, giving a subtle tug on the steel thread around Felt’s neck, just enough to make her aware of its presence,

Yae: [Please don’t even think about running away, okay? I’d hate to make Felt-sama’s adorable head bid a tearful farewell to her torso.]

Felt: [That’s another kick your ass is getting. And, it’s not for me to say, but…]

Yae: [What?]

Felt: [I don’t think you have the time to be looking away, now do you, you bastard?]

Felt stuck out her tongue with a blunt “bleh”, and the act’s lack of charm was itself cute. But, Yae did not need a reminder, as she had never once let her guard down against Wilhelm. ――He remained rooted in his original position, unable to determine how to respond to Yae’s unfamiliar Steel Thread Technique. Such was only natural.

――Most shinobi techniques specialized in exploiting an opponent’s openings.

That was why, unlike the fighting techniques of warriors utilized in battle, the techniques of the shinobi utilized for killing were called jutsu . Yae’s Steel Thread Technique was a prime example of that distinction.

The more veteran the warrior, the more cautiously they would approach combat. Meanwhile, the true skill of a shinobi lay in setting trap upon trap, like the web of a spider, ten layers, then twenty, until――,

Wilhelm: [――Four moves.]

Yae: [――? What was that?]

Suddenly, Yae furrowed her brow, unable to comprehend the words born from Wilhelm’s lips.

To Yae’s query, Wilhelm offered no verbal reply. ――But, there was a response. His eyes narrowed slightly, and a piercing aura of swordsmanship was released, cleaving through Yae’s entire body as an answer.

Yae: [――Hk.]

The moment she sensed the incoming attack, Yae mobilized all ten of her fingers without hesitation, but rather than attacking to subdue, she rained slaughter upon the Sword Demon with her steel threads. So long as Al’s order not to kill was kept in the end, it would be fine. It would be preferable for her opponent to survive when the intention was to kill; but, if an attack was unleashed without the expectation to kill, would it work on this adversary?

Thus, from all directions, first subdividing into sixteen, and then further into thirty-two, was launched an overwhelming assault of steel threads, each new strand finer than the last; in response, the twin blades in Wilhelm’s grip flashed――,

Wilhelm: [OOOH――!!]

The whirlwind raised by the swing of the twin swords quite literally swept aside the approaching murderous steel threads of carnage.

The extreme speed of the swords’ movement caused the collision between blade and thread to be heard in unison, generating sparks that gave Yae the illusion that her eyes were being seared. Though her initial strike had been neutralized by the overwhelming force of the sword, her Steel Thread Technique remained uninterrupted.

Slackening the steel threads emitted from her rings, she readied an assault of even further segmented threads―― in that moment, the “floor” of the room was cleaved upward before Yae’s eyes.

――That which rose was a portion of the floor that had been slashed and stepped upon, lifting its face. The size of this “floor” rivaled that of a luxurious bed, blotting Wilhelm from Yae’s sight.

Wilhelm: [――――]

With a thud and a forceful step, the “floor” was kicked, launching it straight toward Yae.

Within the confined space of the room, there were no gaps she could use to escape; therefore, using her left hand, Yae adjusted the angles of the steel threads she manipulated to combat the incoming “floor”. However, rather than slicing it, she instead bound it, deflecting it with a bounce.

The “floor” recoiled with the full momentum of the initial kick, returning along its trajectory with even greater speed and danger, barreling toward the Sword Demon with the aim to blast him away.

But then――,

Yae: [Huh?]

A sharp, piercing sound resonated, and Yae’s eyes widened upon the sight of the “floor” being pinned midair.

Its momentum had accelerated, its force doubling in proportion to its weight. Yet, the Sword Demon’s blade struck the rebellion of the “floor” in the dead center of its mass, its tip aligned to the surface with surgical precision, voiding all of its power.

It was truly a divine feat that transcended what mortal hands could accomplish.

Yae, too, understood this, having spent a great deal of time being hailed as a child prodigy beyond the limits of ordinary humans. ――Even in his old age the Sword Demon’s swordsmanship was planted in the realm of the divine.

Wilhelm: [Three moves.]

Within the vision of the breathless Yae, Wilhelm murmured so from beyond the “floor”, which was still suspended in midair.

Hidden behind the “floor” of modest width and ample height, Wilhelm remained beyond Yae’s sight. Yet, the true advantage of her steel threads lay in their capability to land strikes that would not otherwise land, in places she could not otherwise see.

She made her threads snake around the “floor”, forcing the Sword Demon on the other side to move either to the left or right.

Yet, no matter which side he chose, left or right, the threads would be awaiting him――,

――Immediately afterwards, piercing through the suspended “floor”, the tip of his sword approached Yae’s nose.

The timbre of steel striking steel resounded, and the sword launched at a velocity which rivaled even the most tightly drawn bow. The sword that had been thrust into the “floor” to stop it was struck from behind, causing the “floor” to be penetrated by the sword.

This far exceeded her expectations; faced now with a projectile that defied all norms, Yae abandoned any attempt to entangle the sword within her threads, and instead slightly deflected it as she tilted her slender neck just enough to avoid a fatal strike. The tip of the blade passed right by her throat before it was lodged into the wall beside Yae with a thunk .

She had dodged it. And, even in that fleeting moment, Yae never once averted her eyes from the Sword Demon.

And so, in that same breath, she recognized that she had made a tactical misstep.

The sword had been buried deeply, sticking out just to the right of Yae’s neck. ――Her only means of escape was to the left.

And thereupon――,

Wilhelm: [RUAAHH――!!]

Using the “floor” as a springboard, the Sword Demon then kicked off the ceiling to accelerate, descending with a slashing strike.

The blade executed a seamless bamboo-splitting strike, aiming for Yae’s very life as his blade carved deeply into her left shoulder.

△▼△▼△▼△

Wilhelm van Astrea. ――No, Wilhelm Trias, had been sojourning in the Royal Capital, seeking a way to heal his master, Crusch Karsten.

In the midst of the battle against the Witch Cult that had unfolded throughout the Watergate City of Pristella, the Sin Archbishop of Lust had poured a wicked poison into Crusch, corroding her body and soul; she had continued to suffer through such accursed agony.

Even the Kingdom’s greatest healer, the very one bearing the title Blue, Ferris, had been facing the hardship of his inability to alleviate her suffering, nor had any ray of hope emerged for some time.

There had been no dramatic improvements in Crusch’s condition. Only, a means that opened up new possibilities―― a path to the Pleiades Watchtower had been paved, tidings of such had arrived.

Were they to borrow the power of the Sage Shaula, one of the Three Great Heroes of the Kingdom of Lugunica, rumored to be omniscient and omnipotent, perhaps they might find a way to liberate Crusch from the malevolent poison afflicting her.

Ferris: [If it’s to save Crusch-sama, then don’t we have to do whatever it takes, no matter what that might be?]

As desperation drove Ferris to cling to that news, Wilhelm possessed no words to admonish him.

Having been robbed of her Memories at the hands of the Witch Cult a year prior, Crusch had been left as a largely changed person, and it was Ferris who had devotedly supported and assisted her. Ferris himself must have experienced hellish agony and confusion as he attempted to rebuild his relationship with Crusch from scratch.

After nearly a year of suffering, a bond of mutual trust had finally been formed between the two of them―― a bond different to how it was before, but still unshakeable in spite of the difference; it happened right around when that bond had been formed.

That was when the Sin Archbishop of Lust, Capella Emerada Lugunica, utterly wrecked it.

The following suffering that Crusch went through was as had been described prior, but the pitifulness of Ferris as he nestled to her side, was an exceedingly painful sight to behold.

That was why, when they heard that Subaru’s group, sights set on the Pleiades Watchtower, had succeeded in reaching it, a fire of hope was ignited within Wilhelm and the rest, more acutely than any of them had anticipated.

Although it was disconcerting that Subaru’s group had not relayed that information directly, there was no way to dig deeper into the movements of the other Camps.

However, he had heard that a trial run was being conducted in order to ensure that visiting the Tower could be done reliably. Unable to sit idly by any longer, Wilhelm and Ferris made their way to the Royal Capital in order to ascertain the success or failure of that expedition, and, if possible, request to join the next group bound for the Tower.

Then, in a room inside the royal mansion, reserved only for dignitaries to stay――,

???: [ ――There is a matter I wish to share with you, and something I would like to ask for your assistance with. ]

And so, the young man, bearing the role of Internal Affairs Minister within the Emilia Camp, delivered to Wilhelm a summation of the catastrophe poised to shake the Kingdom’s very foundations, along with the names of the two individuals who served as Wilhelm’s reasons to take up the sword.

Wilhelm: [RAAAAAGH――!!!]

Blasting off the ceiling, he delivered a devastating shoulder-to-hip arc to the red-haired girl―― nay, to the masterful shinobi .

The impossibly fine, thread-like weapons proved to be lethally versatile; he scattered their oncoming threat through erratic trajectories. Such was the result of seeking a swift and decisive end to the bout, for every second the conflict raged on would only multiply the chances of being caught off guard.

With a single brutal motion, the blade bit into her left shoulder and carved diagonally across her torso, bisecting her very life with a monk’s robe cut―― or so it should have. [1]

Girl: [――Hk.]

In an instant, the girl’s body sank into the floor as she gritted her teeth―― no, she had not sunk. Shredded to smithereens by her threads, the floor itself had come apart. Then, the girl’s body plunged into the basement ahead of Wilhelm, to which he gave pursuit.

Promptly extending his arm out, he wrenched out the sword that had immobilized the girl from the wall, securing his twin blades.

Though he had failed to sever the girl’s left shoulder, there was no mistaking that the wound was deep. What was truly formidable about shinobi was their vanishing act; the moment they would slip from sight, they would become five or even ten times as troublesome than they would have been visible.

All this to say――,

Girl & Wilhelm: [――This is where I take you down.]

And, without prior rehearsal, Wilhelm and the girl’s voices had overlapped.

As Wilhelm plunged into the gaping maw of darkness below, for but a moment he caught sight of glimmering filaments, reflected by the light shining through the darkness. ――The pit leading underground bristled with murderous threads, spun like a spider’s web.

△▼△▼△▼△

As she fell backward toward the basement, Yae bound her left shoulder with her steel threads to stop the bleeding.

She admitted that the blade had penetrated deep into her maidenly soft skin, yet the chastity of her life remained intact, so she refused to accept her loss, and at the same time marveled at the terrifying swordsmanship of the Sword Demon.

The first move defended against Yae’s steel thread, the second move kicked away the floor he had cut up, the third move seized the floor she had sent flying back, and the fourth move slashed at her with the sword that had pierced through it―― just as he had declared at the outset, she was about to be killed in four moves.

Yae: [All these pesky old men…!]

The first elderly man that came to mind was the Vicious Old Man, who had the worst possible personality and was the closest to Yae, followed by the elderly giant who had tormented Al on the plains until he was on the verge of defeat, and finally, the Sword Demon, an elderly man who had reached the pinnacle of swordsmanship despite his age. ――All of these elderly men were people who did not know how to grow old peacefully.

To begin with, it was the way of the world that one’s life could be extinguished at any moment. Nevertheless, the fact that they were still alive at such an old age meant that they had survived natural selection.

???: [That’s why old folks are so damn terrifyin’. If ya think old folks are weak and fragile, you’ll end up dyin’ before ya even get old yerself. Well, I’m kinda an exception to the exception, since I’m such a long-lived shinobi, but still…]

Her cheeks twitched as she was reminded of the loud laughter of the village chief, who had lived and survived a particularly harsh life.

The ultimate technique of a shinobi was to steal their opponent’s attention, cloud their mind, immobilize them, and take their life. Yae was an excellent student in the art of clouding the mind, but she knew that she was no match for the village chief’s years of experience.

Yae believed that she was probably not that twisted, nor did she anticipate living long enough to become so. In fact, Al nearly killed her once before.

She had no expectation that her good fortune would continue. ――After all, the whims of a kind monster were nothing more than a miracle.

Yae: [――――]

Wilhelm chased after Yae as she fell, pulled the sword from the wall, and dropped down into the hole as well.

As the Sword Demon moved with confidence that appeared to be born from actual combat experience against shinobi , presumably shinobi deployed by the Vollachian Empire in the past, she held unending resentment towards her shinobi predecessors who had failed to kill Wilhelm then.

Yae took in a single breath and exhaled. With that, a switch flipped inside her with a click―― and her field of vision expanded, allowing her to see as clearly in the darkness of the basement as if she were standing in the brightness of daylight.

This was the result of training to become accustomed to the darkness of night, a type of physical manipulation that altered her blood flow around the eyeballs to adjust vision.

As the white figure of the Sword Demon emerged within her now gray field of vision, Yae spread her arms wide, as if finally bringing him into her own realm of expertise――,

Yae & Wilhelm: [――This is where I take you down.]

They both uttered the same words in unison, but there was neither a smile nor a feeling of surprise on either side.

They resolved to kill each other. Since mental attacks were deemed futile, they abandoned all techniques designed to disrupt the mind and focused solely on reaching the opponent’s life with sincere determination.

This was the location Yae had prepared for that purpose, the Crimson Sakura’s killing field.

――The underground passageway in the Barielle mansion was not something Priscilla had built when she had renovated the mansion, but rather a remnant left behind by the legacy of the original owner, Leip Barielle.

Priscilla’s late husband was said to have been plagued with pathological distrust and paranoia, and had made preparations for any eventuality, not only in the mansion he built in the Royal Capital, but also in his other residences and hideouts within his own domain.

This hole that led to the basement was also one of those preparations. It had been originally intended as a secret escape route, but Yae had destroyed it beforehand because it could have been used as an entry point for enemies, leaving only the deep hole that continued underground.

Yae had never met Leip and felt nothing but disgust and contempt at him for forcibly marrying such a young and beautiful wife like Priscilla, and then trying to use her as a puppet to control the country’s government. However, she sympathized with Leip’s attitude of wanting to be prepared for any potential disaster and was grateful to take advantage of the opportunity he had inadvertently given to her.

A gallows for slaughter, where she could string up her steel threads and only Yae could move around as she pleased.

She had infiltrated the Royal Capital in order to, if such a time were to come, assist Al. She had kept Felt, brought along so that she would be under surveillance, in that room so that it would serve its purpose in such an emergency.

That was why――,

Yae: [――From here on out, no more holding back.]

Having said that, Yae bent her knees in order to smoothly slip off her shoes, extended her toes wrapped in black stockings, spread the toes of both feet―― and shot steel threads from rings fitted to each of them.

Literally, without mercy or restraint, skillfully manipulating all twenty digits of her hands and feet, Yae Tenzen’s masterful killing technique rampaged in the darkness――,

Yae: [――――]

Both sides sought a swift victory.

As she fell, Yae hooked her knee around one of the threads she had spun, stopping the momentum of her descent and reversing her direction; utilizing the tension of the thread within the large, well-like cylindrical pit, she sprung up and began her attack.

With the agility of an acrobat, Yae danced like petals twirling in the wind.

Yae’s graceful dance was accompanied by silver threads that lured those entranced by their beauty to their deaths, and around her, the blood of those whom she had danced upon blossomed like flowers―― hence the name Crimson Sakura.

These were beautiful, yet cruel, red cherry blossoms that bloomed in all their glory by feasting upon the blood flowing from those fallen corpses.

Wilhelm: [――Hk.]

The ferocity that earned itself its nickname was wielded without mercy, and Wilhelm’s entire body, left to free fall, was torn apart, his well-tailored clothes torn open, his flesh and blood scattering into the air.

As she fell, Yae’s hair was blown back by the wind created by his twin swords, and she was astonished by the intensity of the Sword Demon’s gaze.

Unlike her steel threads, the swords could only reach as far as the arm wielding it. Therefore, on the gallows she had set up, Wilhelm had no choice but to focus on defense.

Naturally, with Wilhelm pulled by gravity and thus restricted, Yae, who could move freely in the darkness with the help of her threads, would never approach him.

Maintaining a safe middle distance where his sword could not reach no matter what, she unilaterally continued her attacks with her steel threads. Before the dance was finished, before the Sword Demon reached the ground and regained his freedom.

Yae calmly raised her arm. ――Blood sprouted forth.

Yae’s slender legs smoothly traced the wall in mid-air. ――Blood sprouted forth.

Yae’s slender body twisted and contorted to its limit. ――Blood sprouted forth.

As Yae’s dance approached completion, the Sword Demon was stained with his own blood, unable to completely defend against the relentless barrage of steel threads.

The sharp steel threads carved wounds into his legs, torso, shoulders, neck, cheeks, and forehead, and the Sword Demon was lured towards death as he bled.

However――,

Yae: [――What un~pleasant eyes.]

His eyes, filled with a terrifyingly serene aura of swordsmanship, did not dull his will to fight one bit.

Yae: [――――]

In addition to the steel threads wielded by both Yae’s hands and feet, there were also threads she had already spread throughout the basement.

It went without saying, but if one were to inadvertently touch a taut string with their arm or leg while being preoccupied with Yae’s actions, that limb would be lost, and if one’s neck or torso were to come into contact with it, one would simply lose their life.

For Wilhelm, this deep pit was now like the jaws of a Witchbeast he had jumped into without thinking, his flesh being torn by its teeth, its tongue lapping up his blood, and finally dropping into its stomach to dissolve his life. ――Yet his eyes were not those of one who pointlessly resisted in despair.

Yae: [But, there’s not much you can do, is there?]

Even without that look in his eyes, Yae did not underestimate the Sword Demon enough to believe this was the end. She had long since dismissed Heinkel’s assessment of Wilhelm as unreliable and evaluated him based on what she had seen with her own eyes amid the struggle for life and death.

Therefore, as the Sword Demon fell helplessly, she was prepared for two attacks.

One was for him to kick off the wall of the pit and deliver a sword strike equivalent to the one that had knocked Yae underground. The other was for him to throw his sword at Yae’s vital points, just as he had done above ground.

Whichever of the two options was chosen, the decision had to be made in the blink of an eye.

Yae: [――Tsk.]

Immediately after her extended black-clad feet drew a circle and inflicted three wounds on Wilhelm’s cheek, he swung his dual swords straight down and repelled the steel threads. The Sword Demon’s strong legs moved back rhythmically, and he planted his soles against the wall.

With the Sword Demon’s knees slightly bent, he gathered enough strength in his legs to launch himself through the air―― and at the last moment, he swung his arms and launched his two swords, surging towards Yae’s life.

Two silver streaks flashed through the air, but Yae dodged them with a series of dance-like movements.

Using the stretched threads as a foothold, she performed a somersault, the blade just barely passing between her thighs and the curve of her back, and emerged unscathed. Then, she struck the Sword Demon who flew after his blades with the steel threads attached to her feet.

With both of his swords gone and no way to defend himself against the steel threads, Wilhelm twisted his body and shielded his head, escaping the web of threads with minimal damage. However, Yae was already out of the way, and the unarmed Sword Demon could not reach her as she rebounded from the threads and escaped.

With that, both threats that she had been wary of were successfully averted―― but it was still too early to breathe a sigh of relief.

Wilhelm: [――OOOH!]

Wilhelm had kicked the wall, missing Yae, and landed on the opposite side of the cylindrical pit. There, the twin swords he had thrown earlier were stuck in the wall, and Wilhelm grabbed them and kicked the wall again.

Wilhelm pursued Yae, who had escaped diagonally upward, and took a path upward with the speed of a bullet. ――He leaped forward, kicked off the opposite wall, and flew toward the other wall. Repeating this over and over, he quickly caught up with Yae who was rising upwards in a dance-like motion.

Yae: [You’ve got to be kidding me… hk!]

Yae’s throat trembled in shock as Wilhelm pursued her with all his might.

He kicked the wall and ascended using a three-step jump. That was not surprising; Yae could do the same. What was unexpected was that Wilhelm was repeating this in a place where Yae’s hands had stretched out countless of her steel threads.

Naturally, if he flew without taking the time to check his surroundings carefully, there was a risk that he would hit a thread and be torn to pieces.

However, Wilhelm was not afraid. Why? ――Because when he had fallen through that space once before, he had noticed where the threads were, and he jumped up so as not to hit them.

That was his terrifying way of fighting, possessed of both an exceptionally keen sense of combat and powers of observation, as well as the unwavering determination to risk his life based on what he saw with his own eyes.

As the Sword Demon fluttered and dived boldly into the storm of silver threads, Yae had no choice but to reach for her trump card――,

Yae: [――Uu, ya.]

Building momentum with her threads, Yae sprang high up, and reversing her stance, she extended all her arms and legs. She let loose steel threads from all twenty digits, entwined them with the threads she had previously placed, and drew in all four limbs.

Yae’s masterful Steel Thread Technique utilized entwining threads and the surrounding objects, and was even capable of binding over a hundred ruffians at once in forest combat. Taking that into account, Yae exerted all of her strength, to the point that it felt like all of the muscles and bones within her body would be torn asunder, and simultaneously pulled all the steel threads tight.

That instant, within the cylindrical pit that led underground, the torn steel threads ran amok.

With a mechanism similar to that of cutting a sausage with a string, Yae utilized the tensile strength of the strained steel wires being torn to completely and utterly ravage the space, a thread-rending onslaught of trajectory and magnitude that not even Yae herself could read.

Furthermore, thereupon――,

Yae: [――A capable maid always goes the extra mile!]

Witnessing the space below her being crushed by the innumerable thread attacks, Yae brought the rings on both her hands to her mouth, kissing them. ――Immediately after, tongues of flames licked down the threads extending from the rings, and after a beat, the infernal flames exploded.

In addition to the berserking threads, a scorching hellfire that burned all to naught―― playing two of her trump cards, Yae’s merciless shinobi techniques engulfed the Sword Demon in a crimson radiance, scorching him to a crisp.

Yae: [As expected――]

Unable to uphold the policy of not killing anybody, Yae found the result of this combat rather vexing.

But, it was something she had thought the moment it began. This was not an opponent who could be defeated without going for the kill. Only by fighting with the intent to kill, would one have a choice between survival or demise, that was the sort of opponent this man was.

For that reason――,

Yae: [Let’s keep this a secret from Heinkel-sama――]

Wilhelm: [――That will be fine. He, too, had better know that I am coming.]

That instant, the Sword Demon burst through the explosive inferno, the glint of his blade slashing through to caress Yae mid-air.

Yae: [――Uh.]

Torso scythed by the flash of the honed sword, Yae spurred blood to helix in a manner different to her usual dance as she revolved through the air, having been unable to disperse the might of the blow; as her eyes widened, she groaned in confusion regarding what had just occurred.

That which had occurred was clear. The enemy had survived both the tempest of steel threads, and the explosive flames that had followed. The question was, how in the world had he done it?

Wilhelm’s final leap had been straight upward, much unlike the trajectory of his previous leaps, where he kicked off the walls and flew diagonally. Thus, in order to achieve such a leap within the pit, he would have had no choice but to use the same method as Yae―― using the steel threads as a foothold, and jumping.

Yae: [How did you, my threads…]

Wilhelm: [You demonstrated it many a time. ――Your threads are terrifyingly sharp weapons, but with a specific angle and application of force, they can be used to bind without cutting.]

Wilhelm’s answer was accurate, having fully seen through the properties of Yae’s steel threads.

What was strange was that he had seen through it in such a short time whilst amidst the heat of battle, and that he had not hesitated in his decision to risk his life on something for which he possessed no definite evidence.

Another baffling matter was――,

Yae: [Then, the fire?]

Wilhelm: [I cut it.]

Receiving a terribly blunt answer to which nothing could be argued, Yae breathed an exasperated sigh.

In all likelihood, he was telling no fib. The response had simply been that bold. While accepting that, Yae simultaneously suddenly recalled some words from a corner of her mind.

Words that Yae had once dismissed as useless and thrown away――,

???: [――My father is strong. To an absurd degree. You and that Aldebaran guy might be pretty capable yourselves, but still, it’s my father who scares me more. That’s what’s known as the Sword Demon.]

It aggravated her to full-throttle, but Heinkel’s assessment was accurate.

Yae could not recognize him as being stronger or scarier than Al, but he was at least more terrifying than she was.

――At this moment, Yae Tenzen made a miscalculation in her assessment.

That was the fact that she had estimated the credibility of the information to be around half accurate based on Heinkel’s opinion. And above all, the fact that since the battle against the White Whale, the subjugation of Sloth, and the siege of the Watergate City, all of which Yae had investigated, Wilhelm’s skills had only continued to be honed. This was something Yae had no means of knowing, but he was once again reaching the levels he had achieved during the prime of his active duty―― the age in which he had defeated the Sword Saint.

Ergo, the battle that had commenced at the Barielle Villa, between the Crimson Sakura and the Sword Demon――,

Wilhelm: [――Zuahhh!!]

Thwarting the completion of her dance with a flash of his blade, the Sword Demon, having stained the sakura of crimson with blood, was thus declared the victor.

Translation Note:

[1] – Kesagiri, or monk’s robe cut, is a type of cut where one slices in a motion from their shoulder down to their opposite hip.

--- Chapter 27: Words of a Child ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

With a cross-shaped swing, the twin swords carved a decisive wound into their opponent.

Bleeding from countless shallow wounds that covered his entire body―― Wilhelm was unable to hide his frustration at his own poor sword skills.

Wilhelm: [――Weak.]

What poured out from behind his clenched teeth was disappointment and frustration toward his aging and worn-out self.

As time passed and he grew old, he felt so ashamed of his own inadequacy that he wanted to hide his face. If he had been a poet or an artist, the accumulated years would have become knowledge and skill, and his words and brushstrokes would have become more refined, reaching heights he could never have achieved in his youth.

However, that was not the case for a swordsman.

The passage of time had made him feel his age, and had only intensified his passion, leaving him with no excuses. His strength, skill, and speed were nothing compared to when he was at his peak.

――And, that was simply frustrating.

He had experienced the same frustration many times before.

Even when he decided to withdraw from the front lines and retire from active duty as the Commander of the Royal Guard.

Even when his wife was lost to the White Whale and he spent fourteen years seeking revenge, only then did he realize that he had no choice but to face his sworn enemy with weakened sword skills.

The unbearable frustration that now consumed Wilhelm was unparalleled by anything he had yet experienced in his life―― equal only to the moment he first learned that Theresia was the Sword Saint during the Demi-Human War, when he realized he was no match for her.

Weak. Far too weak.

In a world where strength was valued above all else, that weakness was an unforgivable sin.

In this world, petty excuses did not work. Being strong or weak, those were the only factors.

Talent, slothfulness, illness, old age; none held meaning once one stepped onto the stage where strength was pitted against strength.

After all, a sword could not choose its wielder.

Then, it was only natural that those who wield swords had no excuse. ――No, in this world, there was a sword that chose its wielders.

Hence why, the one chosen by that sword stood atop a world without excuses.

――That was precisely why Wilhelm Trias, who could not use his advancing age and declining condition as an excuse, had to defeat this opponent with his own hands at any cost.

Wilhelm: [――――]

Regardless of Wilhelm’s self-assessment, the battle where he demonstrated his most formidable swordsmanship in decades came to an end, and the formidable shinobi was defeated.

Among all the shinobi Wilhelm had faced, she was undoubtedly the most skilled.

It was impossible to imagine how much training the girl had undergone to reach such heights, but there were no consolation prizes in the world of combat. ――That was the cruelest aspect of the way of the sword.

Even if one loved the sword above all else, whether or not the sword reciprocated that love had nothing to do with the depth or magnitude of their love.

Instead, the deeper and greater that love was, the more the heart would crack and break irreparably when that love was not reciprocated.

With that sentiment in the back of his mind, Wilhelm remained vigilant even though the outcome had already been decided.

In the distance, the body of the fallen girl caught his attention, hanging in midair upon a single thread. Blood dripped down her upturned body, but her thin torso was not severed. ――That was the reason for his caution.

In such a life-or-death battle, there was no room for mercy.

Wilhelm gave no consideration whatsoever to his opponent’s age, gender, or circumstances.

He had swung his sword with the intention of taking her life, of this there was no doubt. And yet, the fact that the girl’s body was not sliced in two demonstrated not only Wilhelm’s lack of skill with the sword, but also that the girl had somehow avoided a fatal blow.

The most likely reason being――,

Wilhelm: [――Threads, is it?]

Using all of her fingers and toes, the girl had weaved threads that extended into the hole that led to the bottom of the underground chamber.

In order to wield them freely, one would need rare talent and painstaking training. This technique could be used as a blade to cut through opponents, or as chains to restrain enemy movements. When wrapped tightly around the body, it could even serve as armor to protect against sword strikes.

As the final blow was about to be delivered, the girl made a move to protect her neck and heart, and Wilhelm slashed at her exposed torso with all his might; such was her momentary evasive maneuver.

With her split-second judgment, the girl had managed to keep a glimmer of hope alive. He had nothing but respect for her.

Although he remained vigilant, Wilhelm also wanted the girl to survive. This was because it was the common opinion among his allies that it would be preferable to capture her alive if possible.

???: [――Uh.]

A faint moan escaped from the suspended girl’s thin throat.

Wilhelm was about to approach the girl by positioning himself, thrusting his sword into the wall. Sensing his presence, the girl’s trembling eyelids opened, and her red eyes reflected Wilhelm.

Wilhelm remained on guard in response. However, he was certain from the feeling of his sword that it was impossible to counterattack from that position.

He had wielded the sword for fifty years now, and during that time, he had danced with death in countless life-risking battles and reaped the lives of numerous opponents.

All the past experiences of bloodshed and taken lives were telling Wilhelm the exact depth of the wounds he had inflicted on his opponent.

Wilhelm: [――――]

Therefore, no matter how much the girl tried to hint with her deceitful gaze at still having some kind of trump card up her sleeve, Wilhelm saw through it as the desperate bluff it was and did not stop his ceaseless approach.

Wilhelm: [I do not know the details of the situation either, but it would be best for you to stop resisting and us not to fight any longer. Soon, Al-dono shall be held in custody too.]

Seeing through her bluff, Wilhelm attempted to stop the girl from pointlessly resisting any further.

That girl was one of the individuals who had conspired with Priscilla Barielle’s Knight, Al―― or so Wilhelm had heard. He could only speculate that the tragic and unfortunate loss of Priscilla’s life in the Vollachian Empire might have been the catalyst that had driven Al to commit these crimes.

Wilhelm understood all too well what Al, someone who had just lost a loved one, was currently feeling.

He must have felt like his body had been mutilated, his heart torn apart, and his soul feeling as if he was burning endlessly with an unfathomable sense of powerlessness.

However, the world could not be allowed to be destroyed purely because of those negative emotions. Moreover, it was impossible to overlook the fact that one of Wilhelm’s benefactors was among the victims of this rampage.

――Al’s plots must be averted.

This was tantamount to suppressing all who were complicit in the scheme and cooperating with Al for whatever reason. ――The same applied to the other co-conspirators, no matter who or what they were.

This shinobi girl was merely one of the cogs that needed to be removed from the machine――,

Yae: […This… is the worst.]

These words were uttered in the weak, faint breaths of someone barely clinging on to life.

The girl suspended in the air seemed to realize that her bluff had not worked on Wilhelm, and could not hide her immense disappointment in herself.

That was――,

Yae: [I can’t believe… I’m dragging you down like this.]

If she had not been suspended in mid-air, her deep remorse might even have been accompanied by actual tears.

If that remorse had only been based on the outcome of the battle with Wilhelm, Wilhelm might have finally let down his last shred of caution.

However, he did not. Immediately after the girl’s muttering, a sound was heard. ――Overhead, from outside the hole.

There was a heavy thud, like something falling to the floor. Following that――,

???: [――Guh, eargh!]

Hearing a sudden cry of pain, and realizing it was Felt’s, whom he had left in the room above, Wilhelm kicked off the wall and jumped up, using the sword that he had stuck into its structure for support.

Wilhelm performed a triple jump and leaped out of the hole, his eyes wide open in a frantic hurry.

Felt: [~~Hk!]

Floating in the air was Felt, frantically kicking her legs, desperately clawing at her neck with her fingers.

She was hanging in midair from a thread around her neck. However, the girl who orchestrated this most likely did not have the energy left to do so. ――Then, Wilhelm saw that part of the wall had collapsed in the corner of the room, and realized that it had been the source of the sound he had heard earlier and the mechanism that was now keeping Felt suspended.

A thread had been attached to Felt’s neck, and when the wall, which had been cut at an angle in advance, collapsed at the appointed time, the thread was pulled, leaving her hanging in mid-air. ――This way, no matter how the battle progressed, regardless of whether the girl lived or died, the trap would have been activated and Felt would be dangling in the air.

Wilhelm: [I will――]

Help you now , Wilhelm was about to say, running over to Felt with sword in hand.

The thread was strong, but without its user, its strength could not surpass a sword strike. Rescuing Felt was simple. And, the girl who set the trap could not possibly escape.

Originally, her purpose in setting up the timed trap must have been to distract Wilhelm from herself in the event of a prolonged battle, and to catch him by surprise or to allow for a quick escape.

However, the battle had been decided before the trap ever had the chance to be set off, and the girl was too severely injured to make an escape.

The trap gave her no opportunity for a surprise attack, or time to escape. Either way, Felt, who had gotten the brunt of the surprise attack, was still being hanged. ――Or so Wilhelm thought.

At this point, Wilhelm’s train of thought was natural, and no one could blame him.

After all, at that point, the only people who truly understood the significance of Felt’s hanging were those who were the source of the threat to the Kingdom.

It was just――,

Yae: [I can’t believe… I’m dragging you down like this.]

If there had been time to fathom the true meaning behind the remorseful words of the girl hanging in mid-air, things might have been different. The girl’s regret was not in her defeat itself, but what came after.

What she regretted was not her defeat, but the “insurance” that followed.

Felt: [ ――n, away .]

Just before Wilhelm’s sword strike cut the thread, Felt, who was being hanged, was desperately trying to make some sort of appeal with a hoarse breath.

It was not a plea for help. ――It was a plea for him to run away.

Wilhelm: [――――]

Immediately after, Wilhelm’s eyes caught sight of it. ――The giant arm of a Dragon effortlessly smashed through the wall of the Barielle manor, and mercilessly struck Wilhelm from the side.

△▼△▼△▼△

――To infiltrate the Royal Capital of Lugunica and release the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, held captive in the Prison Tower.

When Aldebaran revealed that utterly preposterous, batshit insane course of action, before promptly entering the city on his own, Heinkel harbored some complex reservations.

The root of Aldebaran’s objective, this had not been shared with Heinkel.

He seemed to possess a similar amount of information as the obedient Yae, but unlike Heinkel, who sought recompense for assisting Aldebaran, the reason behind Yae’s participation in these plans seemed to stem from a distorted obsession regarding Aldebaran.

Heinkel: [A distorted obsession, huh…? How could anyone declare that so shamelessly?]

Neither love nor hatred, the emotions Yae bore for Aldebaran were enigmatic. When he measured himself against that, Heinkel derided himself in a terribly bleak manner.

To begin with, through what means could one even measure whether something was straight or distorted?

If Yae’s obsession was to be evaluated as distorted, then what about his? What about Heinkel’s obsession, which had reduced him to a traitor in pursuit of the means to awaken his ever-slumbering wife?

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

A soliloquy tinged with self-condemnation and derision, as it triggered the outbreak of a fissuring headache, Heinkel pressed a finger into his temple, attempting to mask the pain.

Normally, the best remedy for this pain, akin to a fog that gave no answers, was alcohol. Though it would not alleviate the pain, alcohol would numb him, allowing him to temporarily forget about it.

Though he knew it to be unhealthy, Heinkel could not so much as open his eyes to see things properly unless he was swimming amidst the intoxication of alcohol.

And yet, right now, he could not afford to drink, to seek that intoxication to mask the pain. ――At long last, the time might finally be upon him.

After nearly twenty years of pursuit, the time for the dearest wish he had longed for, coveting to the point of fissuring his very soul, was upon him.

Heinkel: [――Louanna.]

On the backs of his closed eyelids, as his lips spun the name of a lovely woman, her visage emerged.

Just the same as the day he met her, the form of his youthful, sweet, lovely wife had not changed in the slightest since the year she began to slumber. That was not because of a lack of forming any new memories; her sleeping visage had truly disregarded all passage of time, continuing to be as it always had been.

He wished to see her open her eyes again. Spinning words with her lips, with nary an inhibition in contrast to her pretty appearance, unable to sit still for even a second; he wished to burn her lively way of being into his consciousness.

So long as that came true, Heinkel’s life could end without desiring anything further――,

Heinkel: [I’m…]

???: [――Ah~, old man, you being negative again? You’re giving off that sorta vibe, you know?]

At the sudden voice from right under him, Heinkel’s breath caught. As Heinkel continued to bore into his temple, the Divine Dragon called out to him like so as it spread its wings.

Contrary to its grand and mighty presence, the Divine Dragon spoke in an exceedingly frivolous manner, and despite not even being able to see Heinkel riding upon its back, it still perceptively picked up on his subtleties.

At a question that could not be classified as concern from the Divine Dragon, Heinkel was at a loss for an answer.

That was a matter of course. ――After all, for Heinkel, being left alone with just the Divine Dragon like this was something akin to a flying dragon or water dragon having their favourite food dangled before their snout.

In order to wake up the slumbering Louanna Astrea, Heinkel had searched through all sorts of methods; magic and Curse Arts, Meteors and Magicreation Tools, he had tried everything. With each and every one of those hopes severed, Heinkel’s final ray of hope was the Dragon’s Blood.

With that great treasure, said to cure every disease and bring about bountiful harvests to even the most barren of lands, he would awaken Louanna. ――And right now, the heart fueled by that very treasure was asserting its presence, beating in a place so close that Heinkel could draw his sword and reach it.

But then again――,

Heinkel: […Leave it be. Don’t concern yourself with me.]

Divine Dragon: [I said to stop having such sulky reactions. Old man, I get that you want to hurry, and how frustrating it must be for you to be alone with me. That’s why, I intended to properly put on the brakes for you, old man, as my own sorta consideration.]

Heinkel: [Consideration, you say? Don’t tell me that’s what you think this was supposed to be.]

Divine Dragon: [I did intend on telling you that’s what I thought this was, but I guess saying it’d be no-good?]

Without a hint of ill-will, what the Divine Dragon’s seemingly puzzled words were referring to, it was none other than the current location of itself and Heinkel―― that being far from the land, high above the clouds.

Riding on the Divine Dragon’s back, Heinkel was present in high altitudes of the aether. Perhaps because the Divine Dragon was controlling the wind, he was exposed to no shaking or strong gales, and excluding the stiffness of the scales, it was a comfortable environment. But, the consideration that the Divine Dragon was speaking of, it likely had nothing to do with this comfort.

Rather, for the unlikely chance that Heinkel drew blade, it was regarding the maintenance of this high altitude permitting no salvation.

Divine Dragon: [Even if you were able to gouge out my heart and obtain my heart’s blood, it’d be meaningless since we’d both plummet to our deaths. Hence, even if we’re left alone, you can’t lay a hand on me here, old man. How about it? Not too shabby an idea , yeah?]

Heinkel: [I don’t want to hear that from you. First of all, that sort of thing shouldn’t even be called concern or a calculating move. What if your planning was off, there’s a possibility that I just draw my sword without thinking of the consequences…]

Divine Dragon: [Nah, you’d never do that. Old man, you’re too decent for that.]

Heinkel: [Wha…]

Divine Dragon: [Decent guys, they always consider fear. I’ve come to know many various people with a screw loose until now, and you’d never be like ‘em, old man.]

Saying all it had to say, everything it pleased, the Divine Dragon’s oracle caused Heinkel’s mouth to gape open and closed, unable to form an immediate refutation.

Only, the reason for his ears flushing a bright red, was it anger, or embarrassment?

In the case of the former, then the fact that he did not begin shouting curses without thinking about the consequences was in accordance with the Divine Dragon’s expectations. In the case of the latter, then the fact that he had an idea of what he was being chided about was in accordance with the Divine Dragon’s expectations.

In other words, the moment his ears flushed red, Heinkel’s defeat was set in stone.

Heinkel: [Me, decent, you say…]

Pressing his finger into his head with greater strength, Heinkel’s voice rasped at the Divine Dragon’s evaluation.

Decent; considering Heinkel’s current position, it was far too ironic of an appraisal. What the hell was the Divine Dragon thinking? Would a decent person fall to the extremities of self-centeredness, turning traitor against their country?

Heinkel was neither decent, nor honest. He was not worthy of an appraisal that expressed such virtue, ubiquitously earned by many townspeople.

Heinkel: [That’s why, when Miss Priscilla passed away, I went along with Aldebaran’s proposal.]

Intervening in the national crisis befalling the Vollachian Empire, Priscilla Barielle had lost her life.

Heinkel was in a position such that, no matter what, he would never say that he had pledged loyalty to her. His relationship with her had been a cooperative one, borne of shared interest―― even that, with how things were now, Heinkel would never know just how much value Priscilla saw in him.

Only, though Heinkel had not pledged his loyalty to Priscilla, neither did he doubt her capacity as a ruler to win the throne, guiding the people of the Kingdom as their new Monarch.

With outstanding capabilities, the wisdom to see ahead, and a beautiful appearance, all fine attributes befitting a queen.

Priscilla possessed the qualifications to become the queen of the Kingdom of Lugunica. ――Upon the dawn of her ascendance to the throne, he was supposed to have received a licence to the Dragon’s Blood as his reward.

That hope had wilted in the Empire, alongside Priscilla’s life.

From the bottom of his heart, he found it unfortunate. ――The fact that he had been unable to secure the Dragon’s Blood, and the fact that Priscilla’s rule over the Kingdom of Lugunica never came to fruition.

Thus having lost all hope, the stricken Heinkel was proffered a hand by Aldebaran.

In exchange for assisting him, and becoming an enemy of the world, he could obtain the Dragon’s Blood. ――To Heinkel’s ears, that proposal rang far too sweetly.

The hope that he was supposed to have obtained, seeing it ripped away right before his eyes was harsh. ――Moreover, this was the second time for Heinkel, the second time that the light of hope was extinguished right when he was but a step away.

The first time, he had missed his chance due to a foolish mistake, and the accompanying feeling of helplessness was difficult to forget.

Hence, this time, Heinkel would absolutely cling to any wretched possibility.

For him to be “decent”, was extremely off-base from the Divine Dragon.

Divine Dragon: [Has your husk been filled with displeasure again? This may be coming from me, but there’s nobody who’d love a difficult middle-aged man, yeah?]

Heinkel: […It’s too late, for that sort of thing.]

Divine Dragon: [You sure complicate things, don’t you now…? Well, it’s seriously like a boomerang , so I won’t say anything more.]

Even with just the simple gesture of shrugging its shoulders, the Divine Dragon’s body was far too exaggerated.

In that eerily human gesture, Heinkel found a certain commonality with Aldebaran, and ignored the increasing pain of his headache at the inscrutability.

To not be loved by anyone. That was exactly what Heinkel desired.

That he had not been loved even once, he was not such a fool to make any such warped, careless remarks. Heinkel had been loved from birth, and there was no shortage of people who had loved him since.

And, not only did he fail to repay the affection that had been directed towards him, he betrayed it, marching through the rain.

Divine Dragon: [――. Come to think of it, we never really get this sorta one-on-one time , and I remembered that there were some things I wanted to check with you, old man.]

Heinkel: [Can’t you just be quiet and wait?]

Divine Dragon: [I’m the type who can’t bear silence. Might be ‘cause I was always with someone who would never stop talking.]

He was completely ignorant regarding how the Divine Dragon operated, but the other party had not spoken much about it, and Heinkel was not eager to know. Either way, once this was all over, this was an individual whom he would have die in order to procure its heart’s blood. There was no need to go out of his way to add any reasons to feel guilty for doing so.

Besides, though consideration might have been the reason, he was grateful for the flow of the conversation to shift from what it had been to that point.

Were they to discuss another topic, then perhaps this headache might fade a bit.

Heinkel: [So, most esteemed Divine Dragon-sama, what was it that you wanted to ask me?]

Divine Dragon: [Ahh, it’s nothing too important, but you’re excessively sturdy, right old man? So, I was wondering if you had any idea of why you’re so sturdy?]

Heinkel: [――――]

Divine Dragon: [Huh? Did I do something?]

At the Divine Dragon’s innocent words, Heinkel ground his teeth in annoyance.

The pain in his head intensifying, this served as proof that Heinkel’s plans from a moment ago had failed. ――He had hoped for the focus of the conversation to change, but this was evidence that it had not.

Heinkel: [――――]

Hushed in silence, Heinkel looked down at his open palm, and sighed.

The Divine Dragon’s query had been in regards to Heinkel’s body. Of course, that was his own body. He was aware of its abnormality, and was also properly aware of the reasons for it. ――Among the many sins Heinkel had committed, this was punishment for an especially grave one.

Louanna Astrea’s unwakeable slumber. ――Including Heinkel, that was undoubtedly the beginning of the Astrea Family’s division, but more decisive had been the events of fifteen years prior.

In the midst of Theresia van Astrea’s deployment to the subjugation of the White Whale, the transfer of the Divine Protection of the Sword Saint had resulted in the change of Sword Saint, and Theresia’s death. ――Serving as the impetus to all that, was the abduction of Royal Prince Ford Lugunica’s esteemed daughter.

The night of the incident, Heinkel had perpetrated an unforgivable betrayal, and the worst possible mistake that had made his betrayal meaningless. ――The divine punishment bequeathed, was the current Heinkel.

Heinkel: [I’ve got no reason to deliberately reveal that to you…]

Divine Dragon: [Oh, you’re really saying that? In that case, if you don’t tell me, I’ll report to the other me that you were being uncooperative, old man, annulling that promise you guys had, what if I threaten you like that?]

Heinkel: [YOU…!!]

Divine Dragon: [I’m kidding, just kidding. There’s probably fifty or a hundred things that you don’t wanna say. You and me both, old man.]

Heinkel: […A hundred things, that’s a lot.]

As the Divine Dragon made small talk that could not be perceived as anything small, Heinkel feebly responded with just that.

It had said fifty or a hundred things, but the things Heinkel harbored could be counted on a single hand. And, that single hand was already heavy enough to crush his fragile self.

Even so, connecting that which had been fractured, dragging along that which had been tensed, just a little bit more, if he just continued a little longer, then finally――,

Divine Dragon: [――――]

Heinkel: [――? Ah, um… what is it?]

Perceiving a slight change in the atmosphere, Heinkel questioned the Divine Dragon. For a moment, hesitating on whether to regularly call it Volcanica or not, he ultimately settled with an innocuous phrasing. But, paying no heed to Heinkel’s indecision, the Divine Dragon took a nosedive―― facing downwards, below the clouds, towards the Royal Capital.

And then――,

Divine Dragon: [――Hold on tight, old man!]

Heinkel: [Gwoah-!?]

The next moment, as a windstorm seemed to push down on him from above, it slammed Heinkel down onto the Divine Dragon’s back as if he were prostrating himself. Without even the time to catch his breath from the sudden impact, the Divine Dragon descended in one fell swoop with Heinkel affixed to its back, piercing into the Royal Capital’s skies.

Their act of lurking above the clouds to conceal themselves while Aldebaran was raiding the Prison Tower, came to naught. ――That was to say, the need to reveal themselves had been born.

In such a manner, the Divine Dragon arrived at their destination with such speed that Heinkel had not even been able to lift his head. With a swing of its unruly Dragon forearm, a hole was perforated through the wall of the building alongside an intense sound of destruction.

The reason and the target of that exceedingly sudden violent outburst, were entirely unknown to him.

Only, the building on the receiving end of the Divine Dragon’s calamitous strike was ruthlessly demolished, the dragonclaws thoroughly crushing everything inside――,

Divine Dragon: [――You’ve gotta be kidding me!]

That was a voice of absolute shock, spilling from the mouth of the Divine Dragon who had perpetrated that merciless act of destruction.

Sharpening its golden eyes, the Divine Dragon surveyed the interior of the building it had thrown its arm into, and faced with the result of its relentless demolishment, it expressed its astonishment.

That was only natural. ――The Divine Dragon’s claws, tougher and sharper than most of the blades in this world, had been severed, torn off, and reduced to dust.

And, as for the one who had done that――,

Heinkel: [――Esteemed Father.]

Taking a stance with their twin swords in the half-destroyed building, was the being who had just fended off the Divine Dragon’s claws.

The Sword Demon, Wilhelm van Astrea.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――My thanks.]

Parrying the dragonclaws, barely managing to repel them as both his arms went numb, Wilhelm proclaimed his gratitude to Felt, who had informed him of the looming threat.

A thread bound to her neck, Felt had been hung up in the air. ――Whilst in a situation in which her own life had been in danger, she had nevertheless commanded Wilhelm to ready himself, rather than seek his help.

Thanks to her, he had managed to take a defensive stance by the skin of his teeth.

???: [Nah, normally, that ain’t something you can stop even if you react in time!]

And, in regards to Wilhelm’s deep emotions, the one to raise their voice was the enormous body standing outside the manor―― a presence so fearsome and mystical that many would prostrate themselves upon merely laying eyes on them, an individual harboring absolute power.

The imposing form of the Divine Dragon Volcanica, had been peering into the mansion from outside.

Felt: [ Cough, cough … I’m in agreement with that Dragon. I told you to run away, yeah? Not, to get ‘em… eough… ]

Of all the things for Felt to have said in her violent coughing fit, she expressed agreement with Volcanica’s opinion.

Taking advantage of the chaos of the dragonclaws, she had been released from her midair suspension―― no, Wilhelm’s eyes had grasped the events that had come to pass in even more accurate fashion.

It was no coincidence that Felt had been saved without a hand from Wilhelm.

Wilhelm: [It cannot be, you came to save Felt-sama?]

Volcanica: [It’s tough to say yes or no given our positions, but if I went and said yes here, would Felt-chan then be publicly considered to be a member of our team of traitors?]

Felt: [They aren’t, my allies. But, there’s no doubt that it came flying in to save me…]

With a faint lingering sensation of having been hanged, Felt responded so as she rubbed her neck. No refutation came from Volcanica’s end, either. It seemed that through some means, the Dragon had sensed Felt’s predicament, and had flown to this place in order to rescue her.

In other words, the shinobi girl had aimed that far ahead in attaching a thread to Felt’s neck.

Be that as it may――,

Wilhelm: [It appears to be a sore spot for the person in question. After all, the fact that you have come here would mean…]

Volcanica: [I can’t go to backup the me over there.]

Wilhelm: [Indeed. ――Incidentally, your manner of speech has altered quite a bit. Compared to forty years ago, when I merely captured a glimpse of you, you are almost a completely different person… no, a different Dragon.]

Volcanica: [There’s a saying that goes “If you don’t see a man for three days”. Forty years is a hell of a long time. A summer can work real magic on girls, grandpa.] [1]

Wilhelm: [I see.]

Though those words had been given in response, it was not an answer that provided him with an understanding of Volcanica’s change. Only, Wilhelm had not the time to investigate that change in demeanor here.

There were things to prioritize over that. ――In its intrusion, Volcanica had not been by its lonesome. It seemed that the Dragon was carrying another upon its back. For their mouth to have remained without use up till this point, concealing their presence, had not been with the intent of catching Wilhelm off-guard, but rather――,

Wilhelm: [――Are you unable to even show your face before me, Heinkel?]

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

At Wilhelm’s call, the other party recoiling could be felt through the atmosphere.

Even if he lowered his head, stifled his voice, and endeavored to conceal his presence, Wilhelm had already been made aware that Heinkel was among those complicit with Al, who had become a traitor opposing the Kingdom.

Al’s actions were already more than enough of a threat to the survival of the Kingdom.

To not swing his sword amidst this critical situation was an impossibility for Wilhelm, former Commander of the Royal Guard as he was. Even without such underlying circumstances, the reason as to why Wilhelm had resolved himself to take initiative and take up the sword, was Heinkel’s presence.

Wilhelm: [In rough terms, you have been told that you will be lent Dragon’s Blood if you cooperate, yes? Through those means, you intend to awaken your wife… Louanna, correct? In that case, your discretion has been far too lacking.]

Stored in the Royal Castle, Dragon’s Blood certainly housed tremendous power.

With that power of the Kingdom’s greatest treasure, even awakening Louanna Astrea, slumbering for reasons unknown, was entirely possible.

However――,

Wilhelm: [You believe that Al-dono… no,  that the turncoat known as Al will keep to his word? That individual betrayed those left behind by the master he served, Priscilla Barielle-sama, and is even attempting to cause a stir by deceiving those who had worried about him. Why in the world would he grant your, and your desires alone?]

Volcanica: [Nah, well, I get that it might be dubious? But, that’s way too one-sided ―― ]

Wilhelm: [Exalted Dragon of Lugunica, I am not speaking to you at the moment.]

As Wilhelm displayed an attitude and words that left it no place to interject, Volcanica fell silent with a “Mh…” . Towards the other side of the hushed Dragon, to the person hiding on its back, he resumed.

Wilhelm: [What is the matter, unable to say a word? Perhaps I have hit the nail on the head, or perhaps you had not even considered it? I suppose that is right. For a long time already, you would do nothing but avert your face, plug your ears, run away from anything you found unpleasant. That is why even now, you do not even attempt to look at anything other than what is convenient for you――]

Heinkel: [――Hk, SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP!]

Wilhelm: [――――]

Heinkel: [Anything you please… Hk, you just say anything you fucking please, don’t you…!? No matter what I may do for Louanna, YOU’VE GOT NO RIGHT TO SAY ANYTHING ABOUT IT, FATHER!!]

With a blood-curdling bellow, a silhouette rose up from Volcanica’s back.

A face he knew, a voice he recognized; at the temper of the trembling finger thrust towards him, Wilhelm deeply sighed. It was a sigh consisting of exasperation and disappointment, as well as a faint relief.

There were various reasons for that relief. One being whether he would still have any fighting spirit left to raise his face after being spoken to so insultingly, another being whether he would attempt to lay low as a coward whilst cooperating with a traitor.

But, what could be said on the whole――,

Wilhelm: […So, you have finally shown your face?]

Heinkel: [Uh…]

Wilhelm: [Well then? Have you no objections other than shouting noisily? Is your reason for supporting that man in accordance with my guesswork? If that is the case, can you think of why he would grant your desires alone? Have you worn yourself out by wishing, causing your eyes to cloud over?]

Heinkel: [I, am… hk.]

As Wilhelm piled on the questions, the silhouette on the Dragon’s back―― Heinkel, hung his head.

Wherever that explosive temper of his from a moment prior might have gone, it was easy to tell that he was dejected. And, the act of Heinkel shrinking before Wilhelm, was not something that had only begun now.

Such had been the case for a long, long time already. ――Ever since he had taken his vows to become a Knight, and had been granted Wilhelm’s former beloved sword, Astrea.

Felt: [There’s no doubt that pops is aiming for the Dragon’s Blood with the objective of waking up his sleeping wife.]

In place of Heinkel, unable to form words with his eyes cast down, it was Felt who answered Wilhelm’s question. Lowering her hand from rubbing her neck, Felt straightened her back. Despite being the most powerless person present, she wore an expression that gave no such impression whatsoever,

Felt: [I heard it straight from his mouth. Though I haven’t heard all the details.]

Wilhelm: [――. No, I thank you for your answer in my incompetent son’s stead. Furthermore, I am sorry that you had to go along with such a dialogue.]

Felt: [I don’t need any backward apologies. I told this to pops as well, but it’s simply a matter of his methods being different to mine. It’s got nothing to do with them being good or bad.]

Despite having been embroiled, and having suffered damages herself, there was no anger in Felt’s response. From that dignified way of looking at things, Wilhelm certainly saw the capacity to be Monarch within her.

Unmistakably, Felt, like Crusch, was one of the five individuals selected by the Dragon History Stone. ――And despite that, for that very Divine Dragon to be obstructing the way like this.

Wilhelm: [There would have already been many bearing witness to the sight of you having descended to the surface, mercilessly swinging your claws. The foundations of the Dragon Kingdom are shaking. Have you awareness of that?]

Volcanica: [Yeah, I feel a bit bad. From the very bottom of my heart. But you see, even if the Dragon Kingdom reverts to being the Lion Kingdom, it’d still be way better than the complete destruction of the world.]

Wilhelm: [Although, I believe this rebellious spirit of yours is a matter of concern grave enough to be on par with the world’s destruction.]

At the very least, there was no doubt that violent tremors would run through the Kingdom of Lugunica in the near future.

Those tremors would likely cause the jeopardous foundations of the Kingdom to fissure, and those emergent cracks would likely swallow many. Even supposing the actions of Volcanica and the other traitors were for the purposes of opposing something that eclipsed even that――,

Wilhelm: [Even if an anomalous Dragon is among them, that is not a situation for a mere few people to decide. Especially given that one of those few people is yet inexperienced, unable to see anything beyond their own feet, there is no salvation to be had for you lot.]

Volcanica: [When including this exalted Dragon, wouldn’t it be a miraculous oracle from the heavens?]

Wilhelm: [In that case, as you once did before, right now, at this moment, please save the many people who are struggling through the pain. And then, furthermore, given the greater amount of people it contains, you ought to save the entire world. If you are unable to do so――]

Volcanica: [If I’m unable?]

Wilhelm: [――Then I shall have no other choice but to consider you the same as my foolish son, puppeted by sweet words.]

Stating thus, Wilhelm held his twin swords at the ready, squaring off against the Divine Dragon Volcanica.

The numbness that had arisen from repelling the first strike had faded from his hands. But, if that was an example of a volley, merely three more exchanges would suffice in wresting his sword away from him. Either evasion, or parrying to a much higher degree.

Volcanica: [Don’t move, Lil’ Miss Felt. I’m not confident in being able to have a soft touch on this.]

Felt: [Maybe I shouldn’t listen to anything you say. Ever since Rom-jii tried to pull the wool over my eyes, I’ve had plenty of resentment built up.]

Wilhelm: [If that is the case, then I apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you for the time being.]

Felt: [Stop acting like you’re on friendly terms with me!]

Shouting in anger, Felt scowled at Wilhelm and Volcanica in turn, sticking out her tongue.

Sparing a minimal amount of his focus upon her, Wilhelm observed every single action of Volcanica’s. Its position, likewise, was that of having rushed to the shinobi girl’s rescue. With their figure having been sighted already, before long the commotion would magnify, and their freedom to fight would be limited. ――This, too, would be a short yet decisive bout.

Volcanica: [Technically, even if decayed, I’m a Dragon of legend, yeah? Shouldn’t you be looking into options other than fighting?]

Wilhelm: [Unfortunately, I was just thinking that now is the time in which I must once more surpass a legend. My deepest apologies for making use of this convenience, but please endure my company.]

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

Volcanica’s intimidation was met with Wilhelm’s response; it was apparent to the latter that Heinkel, having not spoken a word for a good while, had his breath hitch, had his cheeks stiffen.

Eyelids trembling unceasingly, Heinkel’s azure eyes regarded Wilhelm in bewilderment.

Heinkel: [Father, you don’t mean…]

Wilhelm: [――――]

With Heinkel having seemingly realized something, Wilhelm shut both his eyes at once.

Before Volcanica, that was far too recklessly defenseless an act; yet, the trust that his opponent would not take advantage of that opportunity, was a sense mutually shared through their fighting spirits.

Surrendering his being to that sense, upon the back of his closed eyelids, Wilhelm’s remorses were envisioned.

An overcast sky, a headstone marking a vacant grave, bereft of any contents. A great multitude of attendees overcome with desolation, the words of His Majesty the King extolling that act of sacrifice for their duty.

The son not present where he ought to have been, and his weak self devoid of the willpower to bring him there.

And, at last――,

???: [――It’s alright, honored grandfather. When she passed, honored grandmother wasn’t the Sword Saint. That’s why, the Sword Saint didn’t lose.]

???: [After all, the Sword Saint shouldn’t ever lose. Father said so.]

???: [So, don’t be so sad, the Astrea Family is safe and sound, honored grandfather.]

Wilhelm: [――Nothing, but the words of a child.]

Words lacking any malice, from a child who had just inherited the qualifications to unsheathe the Dragon Sword alongside the Divine Protection.

Recollecting in great detail the remorses of that day, Wilhelm batted his eyelids open, and gazed at the Dragon. ――At the Divine Dragon, its name writ in legend, once a savior of the Kingdom, as it had attested itself.

With the Kingdom facing an existential threat, with the hearts of many in turmoil, the imprudence was well within his awareness.

However, akin to the saving of the Kingdom, of the world, Wilhelm possessed an important duty he needed to fulfill through his sword. ――An important duty, one impossible to fulfill with any means but the sword.

Naught else, did Wilhelm know. ――Naught, but the way to return the Sword Saint to being human.

Henceforth, for this blade of his, he sought swordsmanship akin to that which he held in the past―― nay, swordsmanship greater than even that, and challenged the Dragon. All for the sake of surpassing the legend that eclipsed legends, awaiting him beyond that point.

Wilhelm: [――Sword Demon, Wilhelm Trias.]

Volcanica: [――Divine Dragon, Volcanica.]

Simultaneous with their declarations, both sprung into action. ――By sword’s shimmer and dragon’s claws, all notions of sound were consigned to oblivion.

Translation Note:

[1] – This is quoting a saying that goes 男子、三日会わざれば刮目して見よ or “If you don’t see a man for three days, look at them carefully”, essentially meaning that people can change a lot in short times. The other line in this sentence about summer working magic on girls seems to stem from the notion of how girls can change a lot in a summer.

--- Chapter 28: A Stanza of Legend ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Indubitably, that had been a stanza of a battle that would go on to be told in legend.

???: [――――]

The Sword Demon’s twin swords capered, and the Divine Dragon’s dragonclaws stirred up a gale whilst moving to intercept.

Reigning supreme over all other existences, Dragons were born as ultimate lifeforms; the Divine Dragon, possessing abilities outstanding even among that species, its talons, its fangs, its scales, all were artefacts that ought be considered sacred treasures of nature.

Upon each occasion the tremendous power it concealed was brandished, the wind would raise death throes, the heavens would be rent asunder, the world carrying a newfound heat would be perceivable. Even basking in a single direct hit, would make the continuation of combat unfeasible.

A method to prevent those dreadful sacred treasures from being wielded to the fullest, indeed resided within the Sword Demon.

The impetus for the Divine Dragon making an appearance before the Sword Demon, that had been the peril befalling the girl who bore the same features as the lineage of Lion Kings. That girl had been present within the room in which the bout had broken out, attentively watching over the battle without holding down her hair, flapping by the updraft of wind.

Maintaining that girl to the rear, the Sword Demon positioned himself such that she would get caught up in the destruction wrought by the Divine Dragon.

By doing so, the Divine Dragon, fearing harm may befall the dame for whatever reason, was made unable to display its full strength, thus alleviating the footsteps of death’s dominion from encroaching upon the Sword Demon, to some extent.

Ergo――,

Sword Demon: [――――]

The Sword Demon abandoned his position of keeping the girl to his back, and personally closed his distance with death’s dominion.

To a rampaging tempest of destruction and annihilation he exposed his own self, nary a lifeline save the dual implements of steel seized in both his hands, and threw himself towards the precipice of doom, with even the slightest of missteps meaning his life would be forfeit.

By using the battleground to one’s favor, by taking advantage of the opponent’s emotions, it was indeed possible to edge towards victory.

But, that was inelegant. And beyond being inelegant, it was extremely impertinent, unbeneficial, and futile. ――A victory stolen through underhanded means, rather than skill, to make up for swordsmanship that was lacking, what value could such a thing possibly hold here and now?

――The Sword Demon was a man who had lived on the battlefield.

The existence of battles fought for the sake of survival, of history untold by any save the triumphant survivors, of defeats and deaths that could not be excused; of these he knew all, by virtue of the weight of his victims’ blood clinging onto his soul.

However, the current time was different. ――Nay, from this moment forward, in all the clashes the Sword Demon would grip his blades, doing battle against individuals through his steel, there would be no meaning in stolen victory.

Through his swordsmanship he would force the surrender of the one against whom he possessed the greatest need to emerge triumphant.

Along that journey, the Sword Demon had not the time to squander on detours. If he was going to forge this old, withering body into the steel it had once been, he could not squander his time on anything but steeping his soul in the most scorching of heats.

Sword Demon: [――――]

At the raging blow of a swordlike wind, the dragon’s claw, peeled and sliced off, danced through the air. Cramped. In order to swing his swords, in order for the Divine Dragon to wield its tail and fangs to the fullest, this battleground was far too cramped. The Sword Demon’s heels exploding, his shimmering swords flashed at a speed that consigned all notions of sound and wind to oblivion, piercing into the chest of the Divine Dragon, and causing the space around them to burst asunder.

A Dragon’s scales, their hardness was greatly influenced by the aggregate amount of Mana possessed by the individual.

The mightier and longer-lived the Dragon, the more robust and tenacious they grew; henceforth, in regards to the Divine Dragon who reigned supreme over all others, its draconic scales were of a hardness that surpassed even diamond.

Against those diamond dragonscales, the Sword Demon relentlessly swung his steel, repeating attacks of the striking, slashing, and stabbing variety. Even after all that, the steel in his grip was in prime condition―― specially prepared for the Sword Demon to accomplish his goal, the twin swords Trias were a masterpiece of the same swordsmith that had forged the renowned blade Astrea, with which he bore a deep connection.

Their handles fit comfortably in his hands, and integrating their weight with his body, the swords’ shimmer traded blows with diamond, still unchipped――,

Sword Demon: [――――]

In regards to the Sword Demon’s furious onslaught, the Divine Dragon was not one to allow itself to be ravaged unceasingly like such.

Even if the mind concealed within was not the original, there was no hesitation in exerting the abilities of what could be called the strongest dragonhusk in the world; thus the Divine Dragon manifested might on the level of a natural disaster as if elementary.

To transform the shape of the world, to append unto reality any conclusion in accordance to what it deigned, forcing its showing upon the stage, was the right bestowed upon the Divine Dragon by Od Lagna, unmistakably.

A roar shattered the sky, dragonclaws cleaved the earth. Dragonscales repelled the Sword Demon’s fullest wrath a hundred times over, and the draconic aura emitted from the entirety of its body stained the Royal Capital’s atmosphere in the hue of the Divine Dragon.

The tail slammed down, striking the aged Sword Demon true. ――Nay, the Sword Demon had thrust the tip of his sword into the tail to evade the strike, before immediately dashing up its length, drawing near to the throat. An intercepting roar. Light torn to smithereens head-on, a decapitating glint flashed. With the dragonscales on its shoulders it deflected, instantly poising itself to go again―― the clash began anew.

Sword Demon: [――――]

Unfurled wings becoming as if blades, the Divine Dragon ushered in a gusty storm of swords that carved up the Royal Capital. As the Sword Demon slipped through that gale, the former drawing a band of blood, the tail slammed to align with his trajectory, carving with it death’s dominion. At the echoing tremors of demise, the Sword Demon’s body was furiously blown backwards. A direct hit―― falsehood, as upon perceiving its unavoidable nature, the Sword Demon had aligned himself with the revolution of the tail, and from his fingertips, his ankles, his knees, his hips, his lumbar, his ribs, his shoulders, his neck, and the top of his head, he released all strength, allowing the lethal impact to pass through his entire body, as he flew, and flew, and flew.

Slamming through one, two, three buildings, the Sword Demon drove his sword into the ground, and lifted his visage. His fighting spirit was not shaken in the slightest. Thereupon, the Divine Dragon’s breath took the form of a corona, and drew near.

Sword Demon: [――――]

A flash of swordly shimmer, the Sword Demon cleaved through the breath’s cusp, forcing his body through the meager gap that had only been formed, and reached salvation from the scorching light, waiting in the open air. Then did the Divine Dragon beat its wings, swooping down to mercilessly snap its maw at the Sword Demon.

Dragonfangs, boasting durability and sharpness that exceeded even that of draconic claws, moved to sink into the flesh of the Sword Demon. Perfectly aligning the tips of both his swords together, the Sword Demon created a support brace that prevented the jaws from snapping shut. Supposing he had instead aimed the tips of the swords towards the maxilla and mandible respectively, the jaw would have closed, crunching his life to naught.

It was his sense of smell that rejected Death―― nay, his avariciousness to seize victory that had prevented that, thus prolonging his life.

With the Sword Demon captured in its unclosing maw, the Divine Dragon abandoned its efforts to plunder his life by means of its fangs―― giving a powerful click of its tongue, the Dragon gave birth to an explosion within that space and struck the Sword Demon’s body true.

Sword Demon: [――――]

As blood spurt forth from ears left and right, his ruptured eardrums, and the semicircular canals within, each quivered. Gnashing his teeth, the Sword Demon stood his ground as the Dragon’s tongue extended to strike him, launching him outside its maw―― out towards the high skies of the Royal Capital, defenseless.

During his capture in the jaws, the Sword Demon had been carried off to the sky by the flapping wings of the Divine Dragon; jostled around by the wind, in free fall, bereft of the means with which to counter, his altitude high as to cause those faint of heart to swoon upon a mere downwards gaze, he faced straight towards the ground, descending in a swift, unceasing motion.

Were he to continue and descend in this manner, Sword Demon though he might be, he would not escape harm’s way. Between a human who lived on the ground, and a Dragon permitted to lord over the skies with its large build, that was the definitive――,

Sword Demon: [――――]

But, even in a situation that appeared as a decisive blow, the Divine Dragon did not abandon the Sword Demon to chance.

The Dragon greatly inflated its lungs to ready a breath, the release of which would give rise to tremendous damage to the sprawling Royal Capital below, shattering the endeavor to abstain from killing―― no, the Noble District directly below had been evacuated.

Somebody, having established this place as a battlefield beforehand, had evacuated every residence liable to being caught up in the damage, thus constructing this arena. He regarded that skillfulness with admiration, and gratitude.

Sword Demon: [――――]

The breath unleashed was greater and more sweltering than before, blitzing towards the Sword Demon as infernal heat.

The Sword Demon, unable to even look straight at the white light as he was, and possessing not the wings or the methods with which to resist the force of gravity, would have no choice but receive the blast directly―― that instant, below the Sword Demon as he revolved his body midair, a foothold hastened.

Sword Demon: [――――]

One of the buildings the Sword Demon had slammed through, before ascending to the sky; the tall time tower intercepted the path of the plummeting old swordsman, functioning as a foothold for the Sword Demon. Bending his knees, the Sword Demon landed on the tower, held his twin swords tightly, and gazed to the sky. ――Across the breath, the Sword Demon and Divine Dragon exchanged glances, and that instant, a beautiful flash of sword clashed head-on with the white light.

Sword Demon: [――――]

A chain of sounds akin to water’s surface being flicked, to the shattering of fragile glass, and the corona was split asunder from within.

The Divine Dragon’s breath, it was. And in it dwelled both the power and the right to engulf the many things it collided with, flaying their outer layers, and stripping off the profound to lay them bare. Nevertheless, the Sword Demon had ignored all that to his heart’s content as it was thrust before him, cleaving through the light with a brandish of his blades.

――As something truly pure, allowing no interference from the wicked, the sword flash beautifully bisected all.

Sword Demon: [――――]

As the breath, severed as it was, radiated across the surface, it demolished the Noble District of the Royal Capital, leveling it flat.

The tower stood on by the Sword Demon, which had become the epicenter of the explosion, and the crimson mansion under the protection of the Divine Dragon, were the only things to have escaped direct harm, but aught else had learned the tremendous degree of the Dragon’s power.

The aftershock of the white light had stained the Sword Demon with white soot, jumping off the crumbling tower, and the Divine Dragon flapped its wings, still continuing to exert its hostility from the heavens; between ground and sky, their gazes crossed.

And then――,

Sword Demon: [――――]

As swordly aura, surging forth rather than reaching its limit, and draconic pressure, compelling aught to surrender, clashed anew, all living things in the Royal Capital of Lugunica, organic or not, shuddered.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Do you, like flowers?]

Amidst a world hazed in white, audible was the voice of a lovely woman, her back towards a bed of yellow flowers.

The world misshapen by the draconic aura, Wilhelm spun his body through the advance of a fatal zephyr, and as he brandished the gleaming swords carried in both his hands, a multitude of reminiscences flowed within himself.

???: [Have you come to like flowers?]

A lovely woman, she had been. Drawn to her at first sight, the foolish man had placed a lid over those sentiments unfamiliar.

Yet still, as their relationship went unsevered, Wilhelm had indulged in that environment, fearful of cutting too deep into it, immersing his body and soul in moments of laxness, of terrible, oh most terrible timidity, neglecting that time went by.

???: [To swing the sword to protect someone. I think that’s nice.]

His hometown enveloped in a blazing inferno, a sword flashing with beauty had delivered Wilhelm from the clutches of death.

The woman had harbored no desire to take up the sword, yet nonetheless was loved by the sword; the reality that he had conferred her with a reason to swing the sword filled Wilhelm with myriad anger, his soul a conflagration born of repudiation.

Towards weakness, towards the secrets, towards his own inadequate being, anger, anger, anger――.

Cleaving through the anger entire, overpowering it, by devoting his everything to the act of channeling that violent sentiment into his blade, at last, he attained the right to stand before her, and cross swords.

And thus, he had rescued the lovely woman from the abominable Sword God, making her his own.

???: [Are you, in love with me?]

――Nay, was it that he had made her his, or had he been made hers? He knew not the answer.

But, they had been happy. They had been fortunate. From the very moment he had met Theresia, to the very instant he had lost her, Wilhelm had continued to be blessed to the greatest possible extent.

――The Death of Theresia, was unmistakably a tragedy.

Unable to even exchange words of parting, failing to convey the words he ought to have imparted, Wilhelm had been dominated by grief and lamentation. Amidst his despair, by overlooking much, he had erred.

But, the days he had spent with Theresia, for Wilhelm, had been those of happiness.

That joyous time shared between the two, was it really something that could conclude with it all being ruined, fading as if its entirety had never even occurred, the moment it had come to an end with a single day of tragedy?

Even if its color had faded in transience, could he truly remain without ever desiring that it ripen with fresh color once more?

Decidedly, that could not be so.

So that Theresia’s Death, that her Life, would not come to an end alongside a tragedy, he sought vengeance.

Thus, if swinging his sword for Theresia had returned color to those days, then he desired to return color to a similarly dulled scene, unceasing in his struggle to do so.

A raging gale, the savage roar by the Divine Dragon unleashed.

Stabbing the tip of his sword into the Dragon’s ire as it immolated the world white, he sliced it apart; as ever, there, beyond the cleared vision, did he witness the bloodcurdling remorses into which he would need to cut.

――An overcast sky, a headstone marking a vacant grave, ceaseless weeping and desolate voices, words of prayer imploring serenity.

Present at the center of the many weeping individuals who had gathered for she who had been beloved, he could not recall what words he had chosen to speak, to impart, to deeply engrave Theresia’s nature in them all.

What he recalled, were remorses. Immensely powerful, towering, and unerasable, were Wilhelm’s remorses.

A child yet unaware of reason, a child who had not been with the mother and father with whom he ought to have been. The words the child had chosen as consideration and consolation his own foolhardy self had rejected, unable to accept them.

In that moment, dull had turned the sky, the ground, the faces of the people, his own self, the child――,

???: [ ――It’s alright, honored grandfather. When she passed, honored grandmother wasn’t the Sword Saint. That’s why, the Sword Saint didn’t lose. ]

Wilhelm: […Please stop.]

???: [After all, the Sword Saint shouldn’t ever lose. Father said so.]

Wilhelm: [I am begging you, please stop.]

???: [So, don’t be so sad, the Astrea Family is safe and sound, honored grandfather.]

Wilhelm: [Right now, right here… Please don’t speak of that.]

Again and again, words of rejection bereft of power.

Over and over, words of consolation from a child settled in that which he believed.

And then――,

???: [I’m the next Sword Saint. ――Just before honored grandmother passed away, I received it.]

Wilhelm: [――Stop already! What is it that you want me to say!? Do not make me say that it was your fault that Theresia… that your grandmother died!]

???: [――――]

Wilhelm: [Do not, make me say it… Hk.]

Amidst the faded scene, erasing aught else, he and the child were made two. Through his immature, foolish self of that day, of that moment, Wilhelm thrusted sword, and pressed forth.

Words that remained forever unspoken, would never be imparted unto the other party. Even supposing a mutual understanding of feelings between both parties, the thousands, tens of thousands of words that ought to have been devoted, would never be delivered unto the other party.

And likewise, the words that had ended up being vocalized, no matter the manner in which they had formed, would always end up being imparted unto the other party.

How exactly that would be received, depended entirely on the capacity of the receiver.

But, to pour more water than could be deemed acceptable into a yet incomplete container, and blaming that container for overflowing, unable to take it on whole, how foolish of an act would that be?

The face of the child―― of Reinhard, in the faded world of that day, he could not recall.

After all, once he had let slip words that he ought never have, he had not even been able to look upon his face. It was not that he could not recall it, he did not even know to begin with for he had failed to look upon it.

Thus, those who received the words he had ended up speaking, were not confined to that single person.

???: […I heard that you were blaming the kid at Mom’s funeral service. And yet, you still want to see Reinhard? You can’t even make the distinction on what’s not fine to say, Dad, and yet you think you’ve got the right to apologize to him?]

???: [That child, is mine and Louanna’s child… To say he let Mom die, that he stole her Divine Protection! That’s all some sort of misunderstanding! I’ll… I’ll prove it!]

???: [I’m not you, Dad. I’m me. ――This is something, I have to do, no matter what.]

Once words had been uttered, no longer could they be retracted.

Wilhelm’s reckless remarks towards Reinhard had spread in the blink of an eye, even reaching the ears of Heinkel, who had not attended the funeral service, causing him to lose his chance to apologize and explain himself.

Concurrently, the foolish reprimand from grandfather to grandchild had been spread even to those outside the family, so as a result of that scandal, the truth of the succession of the Divine Protection of the Sword Saint became widely known.

Heinkel, had absolutely not allowed Wilhelm to see Reinhard.

Reinhard, had avoided Wilhelm in accordance with what Heinkel had told him, severing all interaction.

Wilhelm, had kept his distance from Heinkel and Reinhard, devoting himself to vengeance by his lonesome.

The relationships between those three, in conflict as they were, once more came together due to crossing the corpse soldier Theresia at the Watergate City, and once more had definitive cracks been born. ――Were that to be the finale, then it would indeed be a tragic ending.

But, for Wilhelm, who had opted not to permit Theresia’s Death, her Life, her Existence to end in tragedy, he too would chant objections to this relationship drawing to a close as a tragedy.

And, as for the way to exclaim objections towards that overpowering fate, he knew no method but to exclaim them through his sword.

――Reinhard was the Sword Saint.

So long as he continued to bear that as an unshakable duty, never would the chance come around to exchange sentiments with Reinhard, present behind the veil of Sword Saint, never would the chance come to restore color to that faded scene.

Henceforth, Wilhelm van Astrea―― nay, the one who dispossessed Sword Saints of their swords, Wilhelm Trias, had no other choice but to bleed his very life into his sword’s shimmer.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Again. Indubitably, that had been a stanza of a battle that would go on to be told in legend.

The battle unfolding between Sword Demon and Divine Dragon amounted to a back and forth bout with a score of factors at its conception, pitting the tempered swordsmanship of steel against the power of an apex lifeform by birth.

In the Royal Capital, the area of the Noble District that had become a battleground had been leveled, the collapsed buildings and pulverized streets telling of how tremendous the clash between those individuals present in the same domain, unreachable to any ordinary person, was.

Even considering their body size, the presence or absence of footing, and the trading of their decisive blows, the sword’s shimmer and the draconic presence were evenly matched.

A battle between Dragon and man, in the current world, was a fight to the death of such rarity that whether it would be possible to witness one such event in the span of a hundred months, or even years, was impossible to know; and yet, astonishingly, this made it twice the Sword Demon met a Dragon in battle.

The gist of that, was karma, karma that could not be explained by anything but the fact that he had continued to desire and tread foot upon the most dangerous battlefields in this world, and that the large something that governed fate had continued to provision the Sword Demon with worthy enemies.

Considering the preconditions, the Sword Demon had been at an overwhelming disadvantage going into this fight.

The slashes of the Sword Demon’s twin swords could not pierce the tenacious scales of the Divine Dragon, whereas the Divine Dragon’s claws and fangs would easily pluck the Sword Demon’s life from his flesh with as much as the slightest graze.

The Sword Demon had continued to evade them with techniques employing the most strenuous of his efforts, but he would eventually reach his limit. ――In theory, that would be so.

But, just who could possibly imagine the sight of the Sword Demon, stained in blood, covered in white soot, swinging his swords as his back was scorched, using up the last of his strength as he succumbed to the Divine Dragon’s talon.

The bloodcurdling visage of the Sword Demon, the swordly aura so intense that merely being exposed to it from head to toe would cause one to feel as though the edge of a blade had been trained to their life, the swordsmanship hot on the heels of the prime in which he had once defeated the Sword Saint; all of them refuted the natural reality, instilling onlookers with the manifestation of irrational hope and expectation.

――The Sword Saint, was the sword of the Kingdom of Lugunica, the bearer of hope.

At the time that hope had been unseated by the Sword Demon, the people ought to have despaired, turning to the heavens. The Sword Saint had been defeated, so such a continuation would be logical. However, reality had differed.

Not a single person had lamented the fact that the Sword Saint had been defeated, setting aside their sword; rather, the masses had blessed it. That had been because a new hope had sprouted―― they had begun to harbor new expectations, for the Sword Demon who had bested the Sword Saint.

Pursuing strength and strength alone, unable to do anything except hone his own self much like the steel he brandished, was the Sword Demon.

The Sword Demon’s direct, unyielding way of being, had caused a great many people to raise their visages, instilling them with hope, giving them expectations for the future.

Now, in this moment, the impossibility of imagining a future in which the figure of the Sword Demon would be laid low by the Divine Dragon, was the same as that. ――In witnessing the Sword Demon’s way of being, people would end up finding hope.

So long as there remained a desired scenery for that sword to cut through to, it would instill the belief that it not being reached was not a possibility.

Ergo, the battle between Sword Demon and Divine Dragon was at a deadlock, with the two involved, each unable to discover a winning move, having been constantly ascertaining how they could excel their opponent in this life or death bout.

――That was why, the progression of the bout between individuals transcendent, was performed by neither Sword Demon nor Divine Dragon.

Sword Demon: [――――]

Divine Dragon: [――――]

At the nexus of the townscape transformed into a theater of war, Sword Demon and Divine Dragon crossed gazes, exchanging silence. However, albeit the result was mutual silence, the essence of that silence differed between the two.

To one, patience, the other, shock. Both were emotions meriting silence, but that which followed was different.

Sword Demon: [Guh.]

A faint groan, accompanied by great volumes of blood, spilled from the Sword Demon’s mouth.

But, with his twin swords yet clasped, the Sword Demon made no attempt to stifle the overflowing ichor, and looked down at his own body―― he caught sight of a sword’s tip piercing through his abdomen, stained with blood.

The blade had entered from behind, perforating the Sword Demon’s torso, and causing blood to spill outward. The sword responsible for that act, was a sword the Sword Demon knew well. ――It was none other than his own former beloved sword.

The sword inscribed Astrea, its current owner――,

Sword Demon: [――Heinkel.]

Blurred by the frothing of blood at his mouth, he bore no confidence that his mutter had become a definite sound.

But, from the quivering of the sword thrust through his body, he understood the intentions that had charged the deed. If he turned around, it was possible that his torso would be torn asunder, hence the Sword Demon grit his molars, and stood his ground.

Behind him, while tightly clasping the hilt of the sword that had stabbed the Sword Demon――,

Heinkel: […With your way of doing things, I can’t get Louanna back.]

Sword Demon: [――――]

Heinkel: [I’m not you … I’m not you, Dad. I’m me. ――This is something, I have to do, no matter what.]

A wrung-out voice it had been, mixed with sobs that seemed to be tearing his chest apart.

As he listened to that, the stabbed Sword Demon took a long, deep exhale, and reminisced.

The figure of his own child, whose cries brought about by his own self in the midst of training had been cause for his wife to scold him, which in turn had led him to badger his child to bear through the tears.

As far back as those times, all odds of victory would be lost upon his child’s cries.

――That had been the deciding blow interrupting the climactic bout between Dragon and man, driving the stanza of legend to its coda.

--- Chapter 29: Foot of the Table ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Tempestuous wind and land, collisions of preeminent power, as if being composed was truly a new stanza of legend.

A blink after the bout between Sword Demon and Divine Dragon, transcending human comprehension, had commenced―― in that meager of an instant, Heinkel had tumbled off the Dragon’s back, ousted from the legend.

Heinkel: [――――]

During their descent from above the clouds, the Divine Dragon had fastened him in place with wind, but as soon as it had begun combat with the Sword Demon, the Dragon had lost that consideration―― no, that leeway, forcing him to fend for himself. And thus, bearing no fruit whatsoever, Heinkel had been promptly cast off-stage.

Incapable of even clinging to that back, he fell to the ground, and pitied himself as being a wretched, pathetic disgrace. ――Even that excessive self-punishment was not permitted to Heinkel at the current moment.

Heinkel: [――――]

The battle that had commenced at the Barielle Villa had already greatly expanded its stage to encompass the Noble District, and the extraordinary combat between man and Dragon unfolded alongside a fantastical sight, as if it were a daydream. ――From that, Heinkel had been unable to remove his eyes.

Heinkel: [――――]

In his heart, he wished to look away. Not only did he want to avert his gaze, he wished to turn his back and run away. If that would not come to fruition, then he wanted to hold his head, cower, plug his ears, and reject everything.

But, he could not. He could not do that. ――As Wilhelm van Astrea swung his sword, how could Heinkel Astrea attempt to avert his gaze?

Heinkel: [――――]

As the aged body of the Sword Demon flourished with vigorous motion, he challenged the Divine Dragon that towered over him with a build several tens of times his size; evading the borderline of death many times, he delivered innumerable sword strikes that seemed to chip away at the dragonscales.

Encroach, leap, brandish, parry, posture maintenance, bodyweight transfer, vision guidance, applied technique, utilization of obstacles; the ultimate swordsman who made use of everything to elevate his swordsmanship―― beyond any shadow of a doubt, Wilhelm, wielding his swords against the Dragon, was the strongest swordsman Heinkel knew.

For not even an instant, could he take his eyes off that Sword Demon’s exquisite performance.

Catching his breath, forgetting to blink, to the point that even the beating of his heart felt as if it were a hindrance, he was enchanted by the numerous sword flashes.

‘Twas nothing so elegant or polished as the likes of a sword dance. The nature of the Sword Demon, who sought to cut deep into the lives of his opponents from whatever angle necessary, was more uncouth; violence akin to a beast’s instincts.

The violence would be turned to drive, sublimated from drive to technique, finally arriving at the legend vying against the Divine Dragon.

Heinkel: [――――]

――In Wilhelm’s figure as he traded blows with the Divine Dragon, Heinkel caught glimpses of countless battlefields.

Of the Watergate City, of the figure crossing swords with the youthful form of Theresia van Astrea.

Of the Lifaus Plains, of the figure swinging its sword against the mighty foe known as the White Whale so that he could take revenge for his wife.

Of the Commercial City, of the figure lopping off a mighty head of the Three-Headed Blight Dragon, dominating the skies.

Of the same Commercial City, of the figure carving its name into history as it clashed with the Eight-Arms Kurgan, strongest of the Empire.

Of the Royal Castle Lugunica, of the figure dispossessing Sword Saint Theresia van Astrea of her sword.

Of the Demi-Human War, of the blood-stained figure sentencing numerous enemies to fodder for its blade, who would go on to be called the Sword Demon.

Of countless other battlefields, of the figure that had come to bring about victory through its sword as the greatest sword wielder; Heinkel perceived all in Wilhelm’s current figure.

And concurrently, he understood. ――As things were proceeding, the Divine Dragon would be defeated.

Heinkel: [It’s no good.]

Wringing those words out, Heinkel, who had fallen to his knees, stood up.

As he used his hand to ascertain the presence of the sword carried at his waist, Heinkel was provoked by that conviction.

The Divine Dragon would lose. After all, its opponent was the Sword Demon, who had decided on victory.

Heinkel: [――――]

Alas, Heinkel’s eyes could not perceive the upper limits of the Sword Demon’s and Divine Dragon’s strength.

Just as how those who stood upon the ground could not be sure of the scenery present above the clouds, even supposing there had unfolded a scenery beyond their wildest imaginations, they would never get to lay their eyes upon it.

Hence, there was no other choice but to put his shoddy imagination to work, and envision it. ――Thus, in the world conjured by Heinkel Astrea’s meager imagination, the Divine Dragon would succumb to the blade of the Sword Demon.

Considering the preconditions, the Divine Dragon had been at an overwhelming advantage going into this fight.

Even as Heinkel saw it, the Sword Demon’s blades pierced not the Divine Dragon’s scales, and even after many attempted assaults, a decisive blow had yet to be delivered. Conversely, each and every one of the Divine Dragon’s attacks were lethal, such that even a graze a few millimeters deep would rob the Sword Demon of his life, scattering his corpse to the battlefield.

Heinkel understood those preconditions. ――Even so, his vision of the Sword Demon winning went unshaken.

There was no logic to it. Logic and reason were not things that could surpass the Sword Saint. That was to say, the strength of the Sword Demon, who had once bested the Sword Saint, went beyond logic and reason.

The strength to deliver the tip of his sword to that beyond resided within the Sword Demon, and so――,

Heinkel: [――It’s no good.]

That indisputable, worst-case scenario, was unacceptable for Heinkel’s course.

Were he to triumph over the Divine Dragon here, the Sword Demon would likely move to challenge the Sword Saint next. Then, just as he had bested the previous-generation Sword Saint, he would triumph over the current-generation Sword Saint―― over Reinhard.

That, was no good. That alone, was no good.

There were many obstacles in the way of realizing such a battle, such as the presence of the Witch of Envy that Aldebaran was utilizing through some method, but even without such elements, it was no good.

It was no good. No good at all. No good, so because it was no good, it was absolutely no good. As to why it was no good, the extent to which it was no good warranted no need for explanation, anyway, it was no good. No good was no good, and no good was all that it could be. No good. It was no good after all. That which was no good, was no good. No good would be no good, so it was no good at all. The perfectly pure blade of the Sword Demon, could not save Louanna Astrea. It could not save her, that was why――,

???: [――Heinkel.]

To his fore, present was the back of the Sword Demon, standing still.

A muffled voice from across the back, muffled by the froth of blood, that which sounded as if it was nearly drowning, erred not in conveying to Heinkel that his own name had been called.

Having perceived that, whilst exerting his fullest restraint to suppress the trembling of his arms, he gripped the sword’s hilt tight.

Heinkel: […With your way of doing things, I can’t get Louanna back.]

Struck in the forehead by a fragment of a collapsing building, blood had been flowing. Blown away many times by the blasting shockwaves, he had also found himself getting trapped under a collapsing pillar. With half his body also scorched by the aftermath of the Dragon’s breath that had been sliced apart by a sword’s flash, he forced himself through the agony of burning blood, bone, and flesh, still continuing to walk.

His body soiled to the utmost extent by dust clouds and shed blood, he walked, and walked, and walked―― Heinkel stood behind Wilhelm. ――Standing there, with Astrea drawn, he skewered his biological father from behind.

Wilhelm: [――――]

Through the piercing sword, he felt Wilhelm attempting to turn around. In order to forestall that movement, he poured strength into his grip, the flaring of the deep wound thwarting all thought of turning around.

At that moment, he could not glimpse Wilhelm’s face. Were he to see his own self reflected in those eyes, the Heinkels of both past and present would be rendered incapable of speech. That was why, he would not let him turn around. No matter what.

He could not afford to let him turn around, to let him say it.

If the Sword Demon was permitted such, being allowed to say that he would carry it out, he would end up prying it open with his sword.

In that opened up future, perhaps all the dark clouds would be cleared away, and a patch of the long clouded blue sky would be glimpsed. ――But, Louanna’s figure would not be present there.

Through the blade of the Sword Demon, Louanna could not be awakened.

And, if she was not present, then Heinkel―― Heinkel and one other, would be beyond salvation.

Heinkel: [I’m not you … I’m not you, Dad. I’m me. ――This is something, I have to do, no matter what.]

That which had been wrung out, he wished to curse the fact that it had been a feeble voice tinged with sobs.

Grit your teeth, good-for-nothing. Put strength in your voice, coward. Do you really have time to hang your head, craven?

Even with these hands, this sword, stained with Father’s blood, you can’t even stifle the roots of your teeth quivering, the sensation of heat in your eyes, the feeling of all your insides crawling like worms, making you want to just spill everything out, you parasite.

Bragging about how you’ve settled your resolve, since when have you ever been able to fool your wavering self, you pant wetter?

Wilhelm: [――You utter moron.]

With unceasing curses, Heinkel negatively spurred himself onward.

To Heinkel’s ears was delivered a reprimand not of his own, yet one that could only have been in agreement with him.

The voice had not been drowning in blood, and after his cheeks tensed at that fact, Heinkel gazed in amazement. ――To his fore, he locked eyes with Wilhelm, whom he had been attempting to prevent from turning around.

Heinkel: [――Ah.]

Looking at his hands, the sword was in the same position. Nevertheless, the reason Wilhelm had been able to turn around was because he had twisted his body, forcibly removing himself from the sword piercing his torso.

Naturally, blood would flow once a sword was removed from a wound. And if it had been forced out, the wound would have expanded.

But, the Sword Demon had removed the blade himself. After all, had he not done so, he would have been unable to turn around.

Wilhelm: […Heinkel.]

Leaving Heinkel speechless with that outrageous deed, Wilhelm called to him again.

His throat clogging up, Wilhelm gulped down the rising blood, ensuring his voice would be unclouded. However, he had sustained wounds across his body from his duels with Yae and the Divine Dragon, so having also received a deep wound from Heinkel, his body was already losing a fatal amount of blood.

Sure enough, having lost the support of the sword piercing his body, Wilhelm’s knees collapsed.

Heinkel: [ F-Fathe… Dad… ]

In the spur of the moment, Heinkel reached out his hand to prop up that collapsing body. But, to the contrary, Heinkel’s outstretched hand was grasped, unexpectedly pulling him close.

As Heinkel’s cheeks stiffened at the physical strength unthinkable for one who had lost so much blood, on the verge of death, Wilhelm regarded him with eyes from which strength would by no means fade――,

Wilhelm: [Enough, wake, up…]

Heinkel: [――――]

At those words, a dusky heat was lit within the cowering Heinkel’s heart.

Was he really going to lecture him to “stop dreaming”? The pipe dream of awakening Louanna, if that were to come true, would Louanna be glad? ――Even without needing to say it, he knew that there was no way Louanna would be glad.

Not a single one of the things Heinkel had done until today, would Louanna approve of.

She would scorn him, fall out of love with him, have her affection for him flip to loathing; Heinkel’s name would not avoid being engraved into Louanna as the most repulsive man in this world.

But, that would be fine. Anger, loathing, scorn, all of it was fine. If it meant that Louanna would awaken from her slumber, that her blue eyes would reflect the world once more, that her lips would celebrate life, that would be fine.

The likes of a convenient dream, he saw not.

In this reality that was so nightmarish, yet ultimately not a nightmare, Heinkel would live, and die.

For that purpose――,

Wilhelm: [――Incorrect.]

His dusky resolve had returned alongside the pain in his head; however, Wilhelm had put the brakes on that.

There did Heinkel’s breath catch, staring at Wilhelm in bewilderment. Without averting his gaze from his incompetent son, Wilhelm moved his bloodstained lips.

The expression on his face, was one Heinkel recalled. An unpleasant memory of times past. ――The sorrowful expression Wilhelm had worn when delivering the news that Theresia, that his mother, had not returned from the battle against the White Whale.

Wilhelm: [Wake up, Heinkel… You…]

With the face that, as far as Heinkel knew, the Sword Demon Wilhelm had only worn the time he had displayed his utmost weakness――,

Wilhelm: [You… no matter whose hatred you incur… Reinhard will never abandon the seat… of Sword Saint… hk.]

――Just as it had been back then, the words uttered had wounded Heinkel’s heart to the utmost.

--- Chapter 30: Plan B ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――When you talk to me, look at me properly!!]

The moment he was struck by the intense kick unleashed, an alarm blared inside Aldebaran’s mind. The cause of that alert had been the kick itself, alongside various factors surrounding it.

Firstly, the sheer force of the kick had incurred tremendous damage, leaving him astonished at the absurd length of the leg that had punted him, thinking “From here to there is all leg!?”. The tip of the icy slipper worn on the kicking leg bore into him, smashing past his stone chestplate and placing him in a serious bind; the ice had begun to freeze over his chest, causing his sternum to creak.

But, the greatest reason for that clamorous alarm was the fact that she had hit the bullseye on him with piercing words leaving him no room for excuses.

―― Look at me properly , she had said. And priorly, you look lonely when you talk to me , as well.

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Honestly, it was shocking that she had correctly guessed the complex emotions Aldebaran harbored.

He was not so conceited as to think he had done a good job of hiding it, but he had arbitrarily assumed that she was ignorant to these sorts of subtleties. But, on reflection, she was simply bad at harboring ill will towards others, though alert to such malice stemming from those others. ――She had been born into this world a silver-haired half-elf, so that was only natural.

Aldebaran: [The tuition fee cost a damn fortune… hk.]

Just below where the frost had begun to erode the abdomen of Aldebaran, as he spat those words out in frustration, clinging was an ice-made man modeled after an odious individual.

The ice-man obstructed his movements, and so, grabbing its head with a stone left arm crafted through magic, Aldebaran mercilessly ripped cranium from torso. The cries of its sculpture audible as an “Ahhh!”, the decapitated body of the ice-man shattered in a ruthless manner, its ice scattering to the ground.

Not only did they look the same, even the ease with which they died was spot on.

Aldebaran: [There, you take it!]

Emilia: [Kyaa! Geez, that’s awful!]

Unlike the shattered body, the decapitated head was attempting to bite him, so he threw the ice man’s head back towards the woman who had been chasing him―― Emilia. After glancing back at Emilia, who caught the head before her body as if it were a dodgeball, Aldebaran looked down at his stomach.

The frost began to spread from where the kick had landed, and as things were, his entire body would end up being frozen in ice――,

???: [If that happens, you’d be done for, uncle. You know what to do, don’t you?]

Affixed to a pillar of earth, topside down, was the spectator feasting his eyes on the clash between Aldebaran and Emilia―― Roy Alphard, grin stretching from one ear to the other, hinting at how Aldebaran ought to deal with the ice.

He had no need for advice from a Sin Archbishop. Without needing to be told, Aldebaran grit his teeth, gouging his own abdomen with the tip of his sword as it began to freeze over. Through feverish pain and spilling blood, he forcibly closed up the wound, an inch away from having been a seppuku , with stone, evading the bad ending of being encased in ice.

His vision flashed bright red in agony, and the heartfelt, jovial laughter of Roy grated on his eardrums with “Ah-haha~! That’s it!”.

Emilia: [――Hk, such a painful countermeasure.]

Aldebaran: [Oioi, you ain’t giving me any other choice. “If you don’t like pain, then yield and be frozen in ice.” You’ve gotta have some awareness that that’s the sorta attack you’re using, Lil’ Miss.]

Emilia: [――. Yes. I think the same thing. But, don’t get the wrong idea, Al.]

Aldebaran: [Wrong idea?]

Emilia: [You can’t withstand using the same method that you used for your stomach for your entire body, can you?]

That was a declaration of her intent to assail his body with the same blows she had delivered unto his abdomen.

As if to substantiate that, the heartrending grimace of Emilia’s beautiful face lost its harshness, and white fumes began to blow with a cool wind in the vicinity of the Prison Tower. As white powder snow fluttered down to encoat the war theater, in his chilly fingers did Aldebaran feel the gravity of Emilia’s seriousness.

Aldebaran: [This is the part where I’d wanna say that you’re cute even when you’re angry, but honestly, it’s just plain terrifying. Besides…]

As Aldebaran cracked a joke, the atmosphere creaked before him as the head of the ice-man clutched in Emilia’s arms began to regenerate its body. As if to say “Here’s a new body!” instead of “Here’s a new face!”, the ice-man completely recovered in just a few seconds, making an appeal of his good health by doing stretches. [1]

That meaningless, incendiary liveliness was a faithful recreation of the original, and so truly annoying.

Aldebaran: […You’ve got him down to even the finest details, it’s disgusting.]

Emilia: [Your way of complimenting’s the same as Ram’s. It has a reputation among everyone at the mansion, they all think it’s reaaally just like him.]

Aldebaran: [Heh. Though, he himself must have been the only one to react with an unpleasant face.]

Emilia: [How did you know?]

Aldebaran: [I get it. It’s the face he’d wanna not see the most.]

At his reply to the simple question, Emilia’s widened eyes tensed in anger. She may have thought he was speaking contemptuously, but it truly was Aldebaran’s unreserved opinion.

In the first place, if she was going to make someone out of ice, it would have been better to use a more reliable, strong outer appearance―― for example, someone like Garfiel, as a model, and yet she had chosen Natsuki Subaru, of all things.

Thanks to that, Aldebaran had been able to destroy the ice-man with zero reluctance.

Aldebaran: [If it’s a soldier, shouldn’t you have used the most reliable guy as a model?]

Emilia: [――? But that’s why I used Subaru as the base?]

Aldebaran: […I see. Shouldn’t have asked.]

Sticking his tongue out inside his helmet, Aldebaran felt as if he had eaten a bitter bug.

Even more so than the damage he had received from being kicked, the mental damage from speaking face-to-face with Emilia like this was incredibly draining.

For Aldebaran’s Authority, for the maintenance of his Territory, a stable mind was indispensable. Despite that, Emilia was the very character that defined the meta of easily disturbing Aldebaran’s mind.

Aldebaran: [Damn piece of shit.]

In all honesty, encountering Emilia here had been outside his calculations.

After returning to the Kingdom from Vollachia, Aldebaran had controlled the party headed for the Pleiades Watchtower to his convenience. Of course, he had grasped that Emilia and Otto would head to the Royal Capital, but he had intended on quickly retrieving Roy and departing the Royal Capital safely before trouble could be encountered. ――To think the rug would be pulled out from under him by a Zodda bug.

Aldebaran: […I guess the one who started this string of bad luck, would’ve been Lil’ Miss Felt.]

In order to engage Reinhard in his worst possible condition, in the Augria Sand Dunes, Aldebaran had deliberately made use of Flam’s Divine Protection at the Tower, having her inform her little sister of his betrayal. As a corollary of that, Reinhard had appeared at the Sand Dunes, and an ambush had been prepared by Felt’s group―― Felt had not kept that information to herself.

It was a state of emergency in which her allies at the Pleiades Watchtower had been wounded, and the Divine Dragon, which was supposed to be the protector of the Kingdom, had submitted to the enemy, so she had done well to display such a composed ability to make decisions. He had thought it might have been another suggestion from that Valga Cromwell, but to that notion he had to shake his head.

Felt was someone whom Priscilla had recognized as an adversary. Her caliber to be Monarch ought to have been praised with sincerity.

Either way, Felt had chosen the best course of action amidst high pressure circumstances, and so Emilia, having received the information from her, would not put it to waste.

Consequently, his escape from the Prison Tower had been obstructed, leaving him with the worst-possible present, facing off against Emilia.

Aldebaran: [――――]

To his fore, Emilia slotted her hands into gloves of ice while standing beside the aggravating ice-man who had taken the Gear 2 pose, and she cast a gaze of vigilance over Aldebaran.

In her amethyst eyes could be felt a strong ardor, as if to say that she would not lose no matter what Aldebaran might do, but even without all her vigilance, there were not many things Aldebaran could do.

He had been fending her off with swords of rock that mimicked her Ice Brand Arts, calling it Earth Brand Arts, but the effectiveness of the weapons each of them made was a difference of day and night. Their respective staminas were not even worth comparing, and neither could Aldebaran create reliable soldiers of earth.

Moreover, it tormented his heart to bring harm unto Emilia, let alone wound her psyche. ――This was the fatal flaw that the being known as himself had been furnished with since birth.

To make matters worse, Emilia’s techniques, specialized in capturing people alive, had the worst affinity for Aldebaran’s Authority.

Ergo, now that the ones considered to be the greatest obstacles to his plan, Natsuki Subaru and Reinhard, were out of the picture, Emilia would be the natural enemy of Aldebaran―― excluding one other person, she was his worst “enemy”.

Aldebaran: [Regardless――]

No matter how he analyzed the situation, he could not find even a single good ingredient and wanted to cry, but not once had he experienced a precedent of his complaints breaking through such an impasse.

If he could not forge a decisive blow through his own merits against the opponent who was unconsciously countering him, he would have no choice but to rely on outside help to end this. ――And then, it happened right when he was about to play his trump card.

――Piercing the cumulus, he bore witness to the Dragon descending upon the Noble District.

Aldebaran: [Are you serious?]

As it sliced down through his vision, Aldebaran unconsciously muttered.

Beyond the foggy white sky, currently drawing a line of pale blue light descending through the sky, was “Aldebaran”, planned to be Aldebaran’s trump card. If it was headed to the Noble District with such vigor――  to where he had kept Yae and Felt on standby, then it was very likely its objective was to rescue them.

That was to say, a being that Yae could not deal with alone had been dispatched to the Barielle Villa.

Since “Aldebaran” had intervened immediately, Yae’s survival would have been fifty-fifty. ――At the same time, it meant that Aldebaran would be unable to borrow a hand from “Aldebaran” in his predicament.

Aldebaran: [Are you serious…]

With the same words, Aldebaran became even more keenly aware of how much worse his situation had become.

He could try to redo with his Authority, and call “Aldebaran” to himself before Yae and Felt. But, if he did so, Yae, without any reinforcements, would likely succumb to the unidentified enemy.

Neither Yae, nor Felt, could be described as essential to Aldebaran’s objective.

They could not, but――,

Aldebaran: [SHIT!]

Relinquishing his chance to swallow the poison in his mouth, Aldebaran cursed out.

Using “Aldebaran’s” draconic aura to dispel the cold wave Emilia had used to put the entire field under the control of her snow, thus allowing for a safe withdrawal from the battlefield, had been the trump card of Plan A. Now that he could no longer use that, he would have no choice but to urgently enact Plan B.

And, in order to execute Plan B, he would have to hurry and think of a Plan B.

In the meantime――,

Aldebaran: [You see that, Lil’ Miss? At this rate, my partner’s gonna rampage through the Royal Capital――]

Emilia: [I was told that I’m not in charge of worrying about over there!]

Emilia resolutely charged at Aldebaran, the latter wishing to prolong his time to think.

While sensing beyond the wall the assault of “Aldebaran”―― the Divine Dragon, Emilia’s courage to trust in her allies and ignore it was simply far too much. That alone was likely proof that she had faith in the person who had concocted this strategy, but this was not something a person could do just because they were told.

Thus, the fact that it was the best possible move against Aldebaran made it all the more unbearable.

Emilia: [Hiyah! Tei! Dudoh! Yah!]

Following her initial policy as if just having remembered, Emilia abandoned dialogue and unleashed a tumultuous chain of attacks.

The frost-clad fists fired off a volley of innumerable punches, smashing right through his hastily made boulder shield. Amidst the scattering debris, he caught the frozen spearhead with a prosthetic rock arm, only to discard it when the ice began to encase it, and he leaped backwards. ――Thereupon, the ice-man had circled around, crashing into him with a Tie Shan Kao . [2]

Aldebaran: [Goh, ahh――!!]

On the receiving end of the secret Bajiquan technique, learned through imitation, Aldebaran was launched forward. Waiting for him there, Emilia transformed the lance of ice into a glacial mallet, resolutely holding it aloft. Pulling down her slender, supple arms, she unleashed a full swing of inconceivable might.

The atmosphere was pummeled by the frigid blow, laden with drive, and as soon as Aldebaran accepted that he would be unable to dodge it, he encased his entire body in earthen armor, leaving nary a gap―― the tremendous might struck him true.

Aldebaran: [――Hk!]

Unable to raise even cries of pain or screams, Aldebaran spun through the air.

He had defended against the ice eroding his earthen protections, but his defenses had provided no more comfort than if there had just been a handkerchief between himself and the weapon. His vision spinning wildly as he was blown away to a position unknown to him, he was caught by a strong impact, falling to the ground.

Roy: [Uhya~, that looked painful. Seems like the end of the road for you, uncle.]

With his hand down on the snow-blanketed ground, hearing the delighted voice of an onlooker from above him, Aldebaran realized that he had crashed into the pillar of stone to which Roy had been affixed. He had been sent flying ten-odd meters, and there was a grating pain in all the bones in his body. He had not even had the time to clap back with abusive language.

Aldebaran: [Shit…]

It was not desirable for Aldebaran to waste any more time on this.

Plummeting the temperatures around her, Emilia’s fighting style was a devilish method in which debuffs would accumulate over time in a manner akin to snow, and it was also possible that enemy reinforcements would begin to show up as he dawdled.

The more opponents that showed up, the level of difficulty in emerging triumphant would rise exponentially; he had become keenly aware of that in his battle against Felt’s faction. ――And, it was entirely possible that his “natural enemy” could be among them.

Roy: [Can’t really see because of the snow, but it seems things are getting tough over at the town too, doesn’t it~? Gonna try and call for help at the very top of your lungs or something? Uncle.]

Aldebaran: [Shut… the hell up. You… just keep quiet and stay――]

Roy, upside down, conscientiously piqued Aldebaran’s nerves as he was backed into a corner.

He felt his rage well forth, wondering if he should pointlessly die an additional death just to deck that grinning mug―― and beyond his indignation, what Aldebaran saw was the fluorescent hope of a Plan B.

Aldebaran: [If he’s me…]

Afar, from the sensation of the white haze being swayed, it transmitted “Aldebaran” being engaged in a raging battle.

Within the farthest extents of Aldebaran’s knowledge, there were not that many candidates capable of engaging in a fight to the death against “Aldebaran”, but he had no choice but to believe and entrust that victory to the Dragon.

And that which he had to believe in was not merely the Dragon’s triumph, but that “Aldebaran” must have also been laying foundations for the unbeknown Plan B while knowing that it could not assist Aldebaran.

In order to realize that unascertained Plan B――,

Aldebaran: [Roy! If you don’t wanna die then lend me a hand!]

Emilia: [――Hk! Al!!]

As Aldebaran shouted, Emilia widened her eyes, her voice honed in rancor.

At the sense of disbelief resounding through her voice, Aldebaran was astonished that his stocks still had the margin to be devalued after he thought they had already hit rock bottom when he released Roy out of the Prison Tower―― no, when he entrapped Natsuki Subaru.

Aldebaran: [But, if it’s necessary, then even the power of a Sin Archbishop is to be borrowed. Natsuki Subaru did the same thing in the Empire, yeah? What’s so bad?]

Emilia: [Even though you know it’s not that sort of problem!]

Aldebaran: [Guess so. I’m saying that while fully aware. Loathe me all you want.]

He was accustomed to being loathed by Emilia. ――A falsehood.

In truth, his position was that of not even ever being noticed, let alone loathed.

Emilia: [You―― hk!]

Upon Aldebaran’s response, ire flaring through her sorrow, Emilia created stakes of ice in the air.

Capable of magician-esque battling styles besides hand-to-hand combat utilising ice, Emilia pointed the floating ice stakes towards Aldebaran and Roy and avalanched them as though carpet bombing. Anyhow, though it was an expression of her intent to stop their wiles, Emilia’s rushed attack was intercepted by Aldebaran pulling off the ground like a carpet through magic, as though overturning tatami .

Roy: [Even if you ask for our cooperation, you see~.]

The ground rocked by the piercing impacts, this hurriedly constructed shelter of earth would not last much longer either.

Aldebaran’s concentration was torn in its maintenance, but despite being subject to the same predicament, Roy paid no attention to that whatsoever and crooked his lips in displeasure,

Roy: [As you can see, our limbs are fractured, and we have been prohibited from eating. So then, what are you telling us to even do? Or perhaps… you’re giving permission to eat that onee-san, is that what it means?]

Aldebaran: [Wrong. Neither am I letting you eat her, nor am I letting you go on a rampage.]

Roy: [Then what even is there for us to――]

Aldebaran: [There is. ――Spew it out.]

A low-toned edict, Aldebaran met gazes with Roy, who was upside down on the earthen spire shielded behind him, and connoted Gluttony a third choice besides eating or rampaging.

Roy rounded his eyes at the bid, then immediately smirked a broad grin,

Roy: [Geez, uncle, just how much do you know about us? It can’t be that you’re truly our real father, right~?]

Aldebaran: [If I’d brought up brats like y’all, I wouldn’t be able to live with all the apologies I’d have to give to society.]

Their relationship was one of forceful compulsion to listen, bound by a curse mark. Aldebaran’s attitude, in no manner intending to establish friendly relations, was yet welcomed by Roy with a licking of lips.

He was Roy Alphard, commanding the name of Gluttony, therewithal Bizarre Eating per his accord. How would a glutton whose mouth partook no matter what crude product, have evaluated Aldebaran? ――A useless thought regardless, he did not have the leisure to enquire.

Emilia: [――Stop!]

That instant, what smashed through the mud shelter was an enormous ice boomerang―― identical to the Flying Wing Blade used by the Empire’s Madelyn Eschart, it was thrown in, and through the opening of the piercing ice, Emilia charged towards them.

Aldebaran obstructed Emilia’s path with an artificial rock arm created to be a size bigger. His palm was covered from above in a manner akin to a baseball glove, thwarting her path with tenderness and certainty.

However――,

Aldebaran: [――Hk, a decoy!?]

Placing its hands on the glove of rock, the ice-man leapt over the obstruction through hand springs.

Acting as the vanguard and using herself as a decoy, Emilia let the ice-man proceed forward. He wanted to point out that normally between oneself and their creation, the role of being a decoy would be the other way around, but he had utterly fallen for it.

The ice-man vaulted over Aldebaran’s head and approached the pillar of earth. Shards of rock did Aldebaran create, pincering the ice-man to the sides in an attempt to shatter it to fragments, but――,

Aldebaran: [It’s harder than before!]

With elevated bone density, nay, glacial density, the sturdy ice-man’s new body repelled the shards.

Dismissing the obstruction, the ice-man stretched its arms towards the affixed Roy, drawing closer to hinder any action―― at that split second, its head bid its torso a tearful farewell.

Emilia: [What!?]

Having witnessed first hand the ice-man’s decapitation, Emilia shouted after slashing the rocky glove with a sword of ice.

She remained nescient of what had destroyed the ice-man, rebuilt in strengthened tenacity. ――To think it had been begotten by a steel thread spun from the ring on Aldebaran’s right ring finger.

The silver thread glistening in the icy haze perforated through the ice-man’s defenses, decollating it. That which he mastered in the midst of his battle against Felt and the rest, a single finger’s worth of the Steel Thread Technique.

Art would bring bread. An instant subsequent to embodying that idiom――,

Roy: [――Given the choice, I guess this one would be the most amusing~.]

As he heard a voice lacquered in dour glee, Aldebaran―― nay, the world cried out.

△▼△▼△▼△

Instantly, that which had assailed Aldebaran, was a vomiting sensation of the soul.

Roy: [Oergh.]

He believed he had understood the principle. He had even managed to conceive of what would occur.

But, once it actually transpired, comprehension and imagination had been of no use whatsoever.

Neither unto flesh nor unto spirit, that was an onslaught unto Memories intangible.

Roy: [Oergh.]

There existed a phenomenon known as déjà vu, where during the first time one laid eyes upon something, they would feel as if it could by no means be the first time they were seeing it; currently, Aldebaran was―― no, every single person undergoing these effects, was experiencing something several tens of thousands of times more pronounced than déjà vu, a “regurgitation” that could not be ignored.

As evidence of that――,

Emilia: [―― Ah .]

Spilling a husky breath, from Emilia’s hand fell a javelin of ice. Feebly dropping that which she had been ready to throw, its form unravelled, returning to Mana before it hit the ground.

Vehement turmoil flickering through her widened amethyst eyes, she fell to her knees on the spot. Gazing over her state of being, Aldebaran grit his molars, and leaped backwards.

Roy: [Oergh.]

A vociferous sense of disgust, there was. But, not enough to bring him to his knees.

The impact of “regurgitation” would vary from person to person. A matter of course. Emotional attachments were to each their own. Between Aldebaran and Emilia, the ardor they respectively harbored towards those Memories differed.

Odious though he might have been, Roy had made the appropriate selection. Accurately, he had selected Memories that had inflicted a great impact unto Emilia, while not going as far for Aldebaran.

Hence――,

Roy: [Oergh.]

Bearing the nauseating sensation of emesis, Aldebaran raised his hand aloft to the heavens.

The whitish haze of ice yet shrouded the Royal Capital’s sky, obstructing him from regarding it with due reverence. However, there did Aldebaran believe that “Aldebaran” had laid the groundwork for Plan B.

――’Twas a boon of the combat experience they had acquired during their battle against Reinhard at the Augria Sand Dunes.

In that battle, Aldebaran and “Aldebaran”, fellows in whom dwelled the ego of the same man, had exercised magic through a shared magic signature―― they had assumed a system in which Aldebaran borrowed the Mana of “Aldebaran” to invoke magic, but it was the reverse this time.

The Plan B that “Aldebaran” had prepared above the clouds―― with a mechanism awaiting activation, it instead fell to Aldebaran to follow the magic signature, and pour in Mana to flip the switch.

A conception reached only because their egos were one and the same, the execution of a Plan B that had not existed prior――,

Aldebaran: [――Oergh.]

Subsequent to the invocation, bearing witness to the entirety of what “Aldebaran” had prepared as a Plan B, Aldebaran spilled out a belch distinct in essence to those that had come before, yet it still fell in line with Roy’s “regurgitation”.

Plan B, the entire picture of that was――,

Emilia: [No… hk.]

Sensing an intense torrent of Mana, Emilia’s lips quivered, still down on her knees.

She was not standing, however, with her visage raised, her amethyst eyes managed to grasp it. ――Floating in the sky of the Royal Capital, was a rocky mass around a hundred meters in size.

It was a sense of scale that seemed as though some small hill had been unearthed in its entirety and raised up. Though Aldebaran had never encountered it, this might have been the same feeling that people had given accounts of experiencing when beholding the White Whale from nearby, overwhelmed by witnessing such a mighty thing skybound.

Either way, the intent of “Aldebaran” in elevating that rocky mass to the sky was obvious――,

Roy: [Oergh.]

The next instant, there resounded a report of the sky shattering, stemming from numerous cracks fissuring through the rocky mass, as was apparent to all who had noticed the abnormality in the aether.

The hill-sized mass split into boulders numbering around ten or twenty, and at that rate would continue down towards――,

Emilia: [NO…!!]

Foreseeing that outcome, Emilia reprimanded her trembling knees, and stood up.

She had surely understood. Even if it had fractured into pieces, if the heavy boulders, each bigger than ten meters, were to fall, there would be a great amount of damage to the city, leaving a large number of casualties.

Thus, the only way to avert that, was for people capable of preventing it to go put a stop to it.

Aldebaran: [Even now, I’m going at this with the intention of not letting a single person die. That’s why…]

Emilia: [――Hk, Al!]

Aldebaran: [I trust you to not let even a single one of those fall onto the city.]

Forcing a selfish, one-sided request upon her, Aldebaran disregarded Emilia’s voice, shrill with fervent emotion, and ran up the earthen pillar to secure Roy.

Akin to the foul odors emitted from the anal sacs of a frightened weasel, the ice-man, once again reduced to being merely a head, rolled over in one last ditch effort to impede him, but Aldebaran mercilessly crushed it underfoot, and removed the affixed Sin Archbishop from the spire.

Roy: [You’re quite the nasty guy, uncle.]

Responding not to Roy’s superfluous words, Aldebaran carried that small body on his shoulders, and ran.

With nary a glance back at Emilia with whom he had been doing combat until a moment prior, as fast as his legs would carry him.

Emilia: [Al! You can’t! Don’t run away… AL!!]

He could hear Emilia’s heartbroken appeal, but no attacks were issued to halt his steps. Naturally. All of her strength was now being fully diverted to the purposes of saving people.

Were she able to simply pursue Aldebaran at this point without thinking of the consequences, she would have had an easier time living her life. Undoubtedly, if she had been a person capable of that, it would have been a salvation for both Emilia and for Aldebaran.

But, Emilia did not give in to selfishness, and by wielding her magic to save people, she had ended up letting Aldebaran get away.

Emilia: [Don’t go! Return Subaru, return Beatrice――!]

In concert with the heights of those emotions, sounds of glaciation could be heard in the sky loud and clear.

Aldebaran invoked the protrusion of the ground beneath him, and with that as a foothold he surmounted the wall enclosing the Prison Tower, withdrawing from the white battlefield made manifest by Emilia. With legs still unhalting, he ran, and ran, and ran.

Roy: [She’s crying, you know~, that onee-san.]

A fact ignorable had it not been delineated, the detestable Sin Archbishop deliberately did delineate.

The tearful voice rending his heart, Aldebaran continued running, never halting his feet. At this moment in time, hoping only for all his accomplices to be present at the point of regroup, he continued to run.

The torrent of boulders meteoring down upon the Royal Capital was intercepted by towers of frost that sprang up one after another, preventing harm from befalling the city.

Neither to the enkindling perpetrator, nor to the stalwart savior, to nobody did it bring glee.

Merely――,

Roy: [――Ah~, thank you for the treat-!]

Only Bizarre Eating, licking his lips to surfeit the acrimonious joy and saccharine sorrow, was smiling.

Translation Notes:

[1] – 新しい顔よ “Here’s a new face!” is a reference to popular Japanese cartoon Anpanman, who gets new faces. His uncle typically says this when presenting him with a new face.

[2] – 鉄山靠, Iron Mountain Lean, or Tie Shan Kao is a short range Bajiquan (八極拳) technique involving crashing into an opponent and striking with the side and/or back of the body. Bajiquan is also known as Hakkyokuken or Eight Extremities Fist, and is a Chinese martial art using explosive short ranged power.

--- Chapter 31: One-Hundred Percent Effort ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Its visibility accompanied by a thundering clangor of the skies tearing apart, an enormous clod of rock fell.

Surely, a great margin of doubt existed whether simply “clod of rock” was enough of a descriptor for it.

After all, this clod of rock was at least a hundred meters in size with ease. It was no longer befitting to be called a clod of rock, but more so a rocky mountain levitating in the sky.

Fissures permeated through the rocky mountain, and the hundred meter clod crumbled to pieces, followed by countless small―― yet still five to ten meter-sized boulders cascading upon the ground.

The boulders’ point of descent was the township of the Royal Capital, with estimated casualties of around five to ten thousand people.

To execute this massive of a massacre, the only ones of equitable kill rates in the present-day era would either be the Blue Lightning, Cecilus Segmunt, or the Sin Archbishops of Greed and Sloth.

Above all――,

???: [If we don’t limit it to just the present day, I suppose there were a good number of ’em in the past.]

Disgust dyed his fatigued voice, as Aldebaran viewed that atop a rampart.

Plan B―― the tactic of dropping the aforementioned rocky mountain, had been a dirty tactic utilized by Aldebaran upon being cornered, to create an opening so that he could escape his predicament.

Considering the circumstances of him recoursing to this tactic, Aldebaran should have had no leisure to halt still, and rather instead resume his escape as soon as possible, darting away from the Royal Capital whilst ignoring the wails of agony.

However, Aldebaran was incapable of that. ――Bearing the responsibility, he must see it through with his own eyes.

Aldebaran: [――As you’d expect.]

To the spectacle reflected in the squinted black irises inside his helmet, Aldebaran murmured a husky commendation.

From the onset of the play where the rocky mountain thundered the rupturing of skies, an overwriting howl of the world no inferior to that had occurred, and a beautiful tower of ice stretching from the ground’s surface intercepted the countless clods of rock from one side.

Inverse to its icy, congealed appearance, it was a warm hand of salvation bound in compassion and kind affection. On the other hand, the tower of ice glistening pale blue in light also seemed to reveal the deep sorrow of the user.

???: [To think of it in that way~ is a bit too poet-ey, don’t you think, uncle?]

Saying so, Roy ridiculed Aldebaran as he viewed the spectacle, whilst being carried on the latter’s shoulder.

Roy was immobilised due to his fractured limbs, but he skillfully used his dorsal muscles to upraise his torso, surveying the cataclysm that had assailed upon the Royal Capital atop of Aldebaran’s shoulder.

The former, having healthy enough of a mouth to be babbling about everything despite being incapable of anything, made Aldebaran wince.

Aldebaran: [You too, your tongue’s gone along with depicting my emotions so much that you’re starting to sound poetic . Not that I know much, but that sense would’ve been much more fitting for your dead counterpart who personified Gourmet rather than you of Bizarre Eating, no?]

Roy: [Haha-, taking a blow at a dead family member shows you had some pretty awful~ upbringing, no? Truth is, it wasn’t us, but Ley who went about evaluating what had been eaten one way or another. What a mystery~. In the end, for both we and us, that which was eaten would always end up in the same Stomach of Souls, and yet…]

Aldebaran: [This must be what they mean when they say that thieves; no, that food snitchers are shameless.]

Roy: [Don’t treat us like a thief~. We just want, to eat a teensy bit more than a full stomach… that’s just the kind of adorable gourmandiser we are, and yet…]

Always with a clapback. The unabating mouthed Bizarre Eating’s abundant lexicon and strength of debate stemmed from the efficacy of his Authority of Gluttony, and would be outstanding foremost among not only the Sin Archbishops, but the entire world.

It was easy to be deceived by his childish appearance and his manner of speech laying bare his rotten nature, but the being riding atop his shoulder was a monster of accumulated synthesis of wisdom, having indulgently devoured knowledge and experience beyond innumerable, and for that he must not forgo his vigilance.

That was precisely why he had abandoned persuasion through words, but opted to forcefully make him abide through violence and the Curse Mark.

Aldebaran: […Anyhow, the job’s done. Let’s go.]

Roy: [There’s no longer any need for you to toss out a lifeline to that onee-san in case she missed any of the rocks, right~. Uncle, are you not often called weird or just plain abnormal?]

Aldebaran: [Thank you for your critical reviews of me for these coming two-to-three days.]

Correctly guessing Aldebaran’s reason for stopping with zero explanations, with a few unnecessary words appended at the end by Roy, he replied, forgoing the will to compete with a kid.

Thus, with the Royal Capital having escaped harm’s way thanks to Emilia―― Aldebaran ascertained a corner of its Noble District, which had been entirely flattened, and once again hastened his feet.

△▼△▼△▼△

――With the culmination of his battle against Valga Cromwell, Aldebaran had revised his perception that his Authority, which he had assessed to be peerless, also had hazardous adversaries capable of sinking their teeth into it.

Even now, his conviction that none could defeat him wavered not.

However, in order to turn that conviction into firm assurance that he must not grow complacent concerning his Authority, that he must never stop thinking, he admonished his own self.

Therefore, in his plan for sneaking into the Royal Capital and breaking Gluttony out of jail, he had not opted for an easier redo, but challenged it with his utmost might, firmly and thoroughly using each and every one of Aldebaran’s lives with the assiduousness to squeeze out the tube of toothpaste till the very end, concluding with a count of six-thousand seven-hundred and twenty-four.

――To interpret that as too numerous or too few would depend on the person, but fundamentally, Aldebaran would think of each count as being “pertinent”.

No matter what the magnitude of a count might have been, he wasted not a single run, braving the necessary challenge to surmount the wall.

On extremely seldom occasions, he had also expended a single life of inaction in order to calm his heart, but those lives had been ones in which a breather for the heart had been indispensable.

Hence, no matter the count, if he attained the results he had sought, Aldebaran would insist that six-thousand seven-hundred and twenty-four had been the “optimal” number of attempts.

???: [――Yo, shitty helmet bastard.]

The rendezvous point had been agreed upon in advance―― this place, sufficiently far from the Royal Capital, was a long-abandoned quarry, perfect for scoundrels hiding from the public eye to meet up.

In this quarry, the one to greet Aldebaran with a sharp accost was Felt, her back leaned upon a crumbling stone wall, red irises ablaze with rage and animosity.

Her fang visible between her distorted lips, she postured herself with arms crossed and evinced her scorn for Aldebaran. Her way of calling him had also downstepped from simply “helmet bastard” to “shitty helmet bastard”.

Felt jerked her slim chin, indicating the Royal Capital visible from afar,

Felt: [That large rock, if Emilia-neechan hadn’t stopped it, just how many people do you think it would’ve killed? What happened to your policy of not causing anyone’s deaths? Do you intend to flout everything you decided on each time you lose heart? “Lame” can’t even begin to describe you.]

Aldebaran: […Guess so. I’m also relieved that you’re safe, Lil’ Miss Felt.]

Felt: [Huh?]

Aldebaran: [It’s a joke . Or rather, a quip. A gag that fell totally flat.]

As Felt’s prickliness compounded with his reply, Aldebaran powerlessly responded. Perhaps perceiving this attitude of Aldebaran’s as insincere, she pitched forward as if to snap at him when Roy enounced a “You know Felt-chan~” from atop his shoulder,

Roy: [Wanna tell you to keep it up, keep it up, but when it comes to naggingly pressing this uncle, we’ve completed the preliminary preparation of ingredients on our end. So, may as well try changing up the flavor with a different seasoning, how about it?]

Felt: [How about shit… So you’re the Gluttony who got caught. Are you the older brother? Or the younger one? Whichever way, you’ve got an irritating mug that resembles your sibling’s.]

Roy: [Ah~, you’re also acquainted with us? Well~, makes sense. We heard it from Louis too, you know~? That because of Felt-chan, Ley suffered food poisoning, you see~.]

Felt: [You mean back when they were blaming my name for something or the other? Served ’em right.]

The girl progressively sharpening her cussing, Felt had reputedly once encountered Gluttony―― Ley Batenkaitos, in Pristella. Her speech made light of his sibling from back then, who had since died on top of that, but just like with Aldebaran’s instance, Roy only showed a smile alongside a “Haha-” in good humor.

Roy: [By the way, amongst us, it’s unknown who of us was the eldest son~. As for us, there were times we felt like being the eldest son, yet also felt at times like being the second son, maybe because of that~, is what we’re saying.]

Felt: [Don’t go yapping on with such stupid reasoning. The order of brothers and sisters isn’t something you can just decide by feeling. You gotta decide if you’ll yield it or accept it before it’s gone.]

Roy: [Haha~! Both uncle and Felt-chan, you think you can say anything if it’s to the hated Sin Archbishops? Very nice very nice, it’s what you call everyone’s shared consensus, right~?]

Felt: [Hey, shitty helmet bastard, I’ve got no intention of having a fun little chat with him. Hurry up and shut his fanged mouth, then answer my questions.]

Aldebaran: [I agree with you that he needs to shut up, but the time for the question-answer session will have to wait a bit. Before that…]

Obstructing Felt’s demand, Aldebaran turned his head on the spot. Apprehending the intent behind his act of surveying the insides of the quarry, Felt clicked her tongue with a “You” and jerked her chin. Deep within the quarry, a humble cabin barely maintaining its shape, Aldebaran guided his line of sight towards that, and――,

???: [――Al-sama.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

The very moment that Yae appeared from out of the cabin, her eyes met Aldebaran’s.

Accompanied by a faintly warm aroma, Yae had likely been preparing a meal inside the cabin. He was grateful for that consideration. And even though he was grateful――,

Aldebaran: [From the looks of it, you had it pretty rough, yeah?]

With merely a glance, Aldebaran perceived a difference from her usual easygoing and elusive self.

Her characteristic waso maid outfit was torn all over, and her red hair, which she never failed to maintain even on the battlefield, was frayed. But above all else, was her expression.

An atmosphere of meekness, or rather, one bereft of naivete, was doing the greatest harm to her usual image.

And as proof of that――,

Yae: […Thank goodness.]

Softly placing a hand over her chest, Yae muttered at the convergence with Aldebaran.

Sensing the hue of emotion painting that voice, Aldebaran felt a bit daunted, though he would never admit to it, so he shrugged his shoulders with an “Oi oi”,

Aldebaran: [Isn’t that a degree of auspiciousness unbefitting Yae-san, the helpful all-purpose maid? To not even be able to back me up, what kinda surprise guest did you have an affair with?]

Yae: [――. To say that I had an affair would be bad for my reputation, Al-sama. You are well aware that you have complete control over Yae-chan’s heart, Al-sama.]

The hesitation that had accompanied her answer for a moment vanished, returning Yae’s demeanor to business as usual. Sliding her finger down her chest, she resumed “But, but”,

Yae: [I suppose it’s true that I spent some passionate time with a gentleman~. The one who graced the mansion with his presence was the Sword Demon, Wilhelm van Astrea… no, Wilhelm Trias-sama.]

Aldebaran: [The Sword Demon grandpa, huh? That’s…]

At the unforeseen assassin, Yae would have also likely been stupefied. But, it was difficult to label him the worst-possible enemy.

Of course, there was no doubt that he was one of the foremost powerful fighters in the Kingdom, but a swordsman would have been far more manageable than a magician for Yae. In addition, she had laid her traps all around the Barielle Villa, converting it into the perfected hunting ground of the Crimson Sakura, so to speak.

However, given that “Aldebaran” had ultimately hastened there to provide relief, the Sword Demon’s honed edge had exceeded that of Yae’s. And from her expression, it was clear that it had not even been a narrow defeat, but rather one of complete annihilation.

And likely, the reason behind that sharpness was――,

Aldebaran: [The old man, sulking over there as he is, ain’t unrelated, now is he?]

Where Aldebaran had directed his attention, on a neglected stump of a wood-chopping block next to the cabin, was a red-haired man hugging one knee as he cast his eyes down―― Heinkel.

With his head hanging limp, the blood soiling Heinkel’s entire body had yet to be cleaned off. From Aldebaran’s position, it was difficult to tell whether that blood was his own or someone else’s, however.

Aldebaran: [What happened?]

Yae: […My consciousness was all fuzzy at the time, so I didn’t catch it with my own eyes, but…]

Aldebaran: [But?]

Yae: [Supposedly, Heinkel-sama slew the Sword Demon-sama.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Yae’s response, lacking any conclusive evidence, caused Aldebaran’s breath to catch, and he turned his gaze to Heinkel once more.

Naturally, Aldebaran was aware of the relationship between Heinkel and Wilhelm. It had become a story of confrontation between parent and child, ending with the son slaying the father.

He was aware of Heinkel’s excessively fatal flaw as a swordsman, but――,

Aldebaran: [Between his father and his son, the old man sure was stuck indefinitely between a rock and a hard place.]

The discord within the Astrea Family, down to its core, Aldebaran knew not.

Only, he knew that the existence of the Divine Protection of the Sword Saint and the title of Sword Saint had given rise to friction across three generations of parent, child, and grandchild. And, that friction had amounted to something definite because of this occasion.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Reinhard and Wilhelm, over these few days Heinkel had taken a position in complete opposition to both of them; Aldebaran and the rest had no right to worry about his feelings.

He was someone caught up in this for the sake of being used. It would have been nothing but shameless to call out to him and ask if he was okay. Hence, Aldebaran returned his gaze to Yae, asking “So then”,

Aldebaran: [What about the grandpa? If the old man slayed him, then all of that would be his blood, so…]

???: [――For the time being, only the most minimal of treatment’s been applied. We couldn’t stay there long at all, so it’s really just the bare minimum.]

Aldebaran: [Uoah!?]

The sudden voice jolting his shoulders, Aldebaran goggled at his surroundings. But, “Aldebaran”, who should have been the owner of that voice, was nowhere to be found. It was the Divine Dragon’s dragonhusk. It was not of a size that could have been overlooked―― and, right when he thought that,

“Aldebaran”: [Sorry, sorry, for now, optical camouflage cancellation.]

No sooner than those words were uttered, in the space that ought to have been completely empty until then―― resting its jaw on the rocky wall that Felt had been leaning against, there appeared the massive body of a limply reclined Dragon. Watching the way it appeared, as if the blurred atmosphere was gradually gaining color, Aldebaran widened his eyes with an “Ohh”,

Aldebaran: [Optical camouflage, is that bending light to make yourself transparent? So you can do that sorta thing?]

“Aldebaran”: [As you’d expect, correcting it while moving in real time ’d be impossible, you know? But, when limited to just the times when I’m completely still, most of the demerits that come with this body quite literally disappear, yeah?]

Aldebaran: [Sounds about right. I think a Dragon that turns invisible’s pretty damn cool.]

It was possible to realize magic that bent light by combining Yang Magic and Wind Magic, but it would consume far too much fuel to have it continuously active. It required a very precise control of magic to blend into the surrounding environment, and it was a challenge that would very likely not reach the sought-after standard.

In reality, it had been difficult for even “Aldebaran” to perform, so instead it had kept it on standby, concealed above the clouds of the Royal Capital.

Aldebaran: [If you’ve become capable of doing it, then… must’ve been quite the hard-fought battle.]

“Aldebaran”: [Was neck and neck with the other side. To be honest, without the old man’s backstab , a bit of fear flashed through my head that I might’ve lost.]

Aldebaran: [A backstab , huh…]

Shaking his head, Aldebaran processed the two surprises.

First, was the thought of how fearsome the Sword Demon must have been to inspire visions of defeat within “Aldebaran”. Even if the currently loaded software was different, the hardware specs were undoubtedly that of the Divine Dragon, so to reach that sphere immediately following a battle with Yae, one would have had to have been an unthinkable monster.

Thus, the second surprise was naturally the manner in which Heinkel had intervened with the battle――,

Aldebaran: [It likely wouldn’t have been easy to have settled things fair and square, but ending things with a backstab ’s probably wrecking the old man’s mental .]

Yae: [Well, I think there’s no doubt about that~. Ultimately, ever since we fled the Royal Capital, he hasn’t spoken to us even once.]

Aldebaran: [Is that so…]

Receiving an affirmation from Yae that Heinkel’s affliction was just as he had imagined, Aldebaran took a deep breath, and looked over those present once more.

Yae was dejected by her defeat, and “Aldebaran” had been overwhelmed by the Sword Demon. Heinkel was cowering with the shock of stabbing his father, and Felt was not even trying to hide her enmity to the rest of them. Finally, atop his shoulders, Roy was in merry spirits, and Aldebaran himself was an atrocious villain going full speed down the path to being a coward.

On top of being a lineup of good-for-nothings, they were in quite a tattered state.

Aldebaran: [――Even so, everyone’s alive.]

Upon reuniting face to face with everyone at the quarry, ascertaining their survival, Aldebaran released the tension from his shoulders, silently rescinded his Territory, and reopened a new matrix.

With his restart point updated, the events that took place at the Royal Capital were set in stone for this world’s history.

In other words, he would no longer be able to take back the tears that had flowed from her amethyst eyes.

Aldebaran: [But, that’s fine. The moment I decided to betray everything, there’d be no such convenience as making an exception for any one person.]

He would not compromise. Wavering of his heart was forbidden. Were he to falter, all would come to naught.

In order to conclude that there had been meaning in all the pain he had suffered with his body, with his heart, Aldebaran’s party could not afford to fail, let alone halt their legs.

Aldebaran: [Yae, if you’ve prepared food, then give it here. I’m starving.]

Yae: [I couldn’t take any of the ingredients from the mansion with me, so I stole from stores along the way. I noted down what I took from which stores, so please pay for it all later.]

Aldebaran: [How shrewd of you… got it. Also, this guy here…]

Yae: [You want me to tie and hang him up? In that case, I’ve already done so.]

As she spoke, Yae made a fluid motion with her upraised finger, and Aldebaran’s shoulder suddenly felt lighter. Roy’s body was tied up by a steel thread, suspended on the stone wall of the quarry.

Roy: [What’s this what’s this, this treatment again? Well~, maybe it’s better than hanging upside down, but still~.]

Aldebaran: [Stay put like that for a bit. Once I decide on how to discipline you, I’ll heal your arms and legs. However…]

Roy: [Don’t forget the Curse Mark, right~? Isn’t it fine? There’s no way we’d ever say that we won’t plot anything, but for the time being we’ll hold off and evaluate for you~.]

Aldebaran: [Evaluate, eh.]

Roy: [Because Ley died, perhaps~? We have no intention whatsoever of succeeding Gourmet or anything like that, but let’s try taking a bit more of an interest in things before serving atop the platter, is what we’re saying!]

With both arms and legs bound, hung up rigidly like a shrimp, Roy swung his body. Shrugging his shoulders at that eeriness, Aldebaran crossed gazes with “Aldebaran”.

Possessing the same ego as himself, it drew back its large jaw, a firm promise that it would not avert its eyes.

Aldebaran: [That reminds me, Plan B was a huge help. Thanks to that, we got away.]

“Aldebaran”: [Ahh, so that’s what you went with, Origin . I’d thought of it as a “ second plan ”. Well, it’s a good thing that we landed on the same idea.]

Aldebaran: [ Origin ?]

“Aldebaran”: [It’s getting a bit tiresome to keep calling you “the other me”, yeah? And so, I was thinking, how about Origin , as in progenitor. How’s “descendent” for me?]

Aldebaran: [Progenitor and descendent, sorta like iekei ramen .] [1]

At “Aldebaran’s” proposal, Aldebaran lazily dodged it with an “I’ll think about it”. Then, he finally turned to face the angry expression on Felt’s face, which he had been putting off.

With her arms crossed, Felt’s eyes had been ablaze with an unaltered indignation, but――,

Aldebaran: [You figured out that it was Lil’ Miss Emilia who stopped that massive boulder, yeah?]

Felt: [Ah? Are you making fun of me? Nobody else but Emilia-neechan would perform such an idiotic feat.]

Aldebaran: [The way you said that makes me wonder which one of us is making fun of who… but yeah, you’re right. I dropped the boulder knowing full well that Lil’ Miss Emilia would stop it all.]

Felt: […You’re gonna be getting much more than just an ass-kicking.]

The despicable trick Aldebaran had pulled in order to get away, Felt had understood it true, and her lips contorted more and more as she threatened him. Her threat stunk of the undercity, and he sensed that it represented her utmost rage; however, Aldebaran harbored another emotion simultaneously.

Aldebaran’s method of doing things, and Emilia, who had been ensnared by it. Including the jailbreak of Gluttony, it was a lineup that would naturally incur Felt’s ire.

But, it seemed like there had also been other reasons behind the overflowing of Felt’s anger――.

Aldebaran: […The thing with the old man and the Sword Demon grandpa, it ain’t your fault, Felt-chan.]

Felt: [I never once thought it was my fault. Without a doubt, it’s you… you guys, Reinhard’s father, and his grandfather, who are at fault. But still, I’m angry, and just thinking about what sorta face that idiot’ll make when he finds out about this makes me even more angry.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Felt: [The moment I made him my Knight, it wouldn’t make sense for me to be uninvolved with the things involving him, no matter what they might be. Remember this, you shitty helmet bastard.]

Aldebaran: […What?]

Felt: [Even if you do stuff with the intention of taking responsibility for it yourself, there’s no way it’ll ever be talked about in isolation from that princess. All you’re doing is kicking her corpse.]

Felt’s sharp tongue and glint in her eyes gnawed at Aldebaran more so than any other poison until now.

The relationship between Knight and master was something that would not disappear even if one of them were to die. If Aldebaran gained notoriety, that would also become notoriety for Priscilla Barielle.

With that thrust before him anew, he experienced fresh pain and bitterness. But――,

Aldebaran: [The Princess, is no longer among us. Didn’t even leave a corpse behind.]

Felt: [――Hk, it’s not that sorta…!]

Aldebaran: [It is that sorta thing. To me, that’s what lives are.]

As Felt laid her anger bare, she was silenced by a dry answer.

Postmortem renown and notoriety held no meaning whatsoever to the deceased. Everything hinged on being alive. The feelings of joy and sorrow regarding the reputations of the dead were entirely formed from the sentimentality of those who lived.

Aldebaran: [You gotta do your best while both you and your partner are still alive. That’s all I have to say.]

Felt: [――. You shitty helmet bastard, what the hell even are you really?]

Aldebaran: […I’m a following star.]

Felt: [Following star…?]

Aldebaran: [A failure of the star that shines brightest in the night sky.]

On that note, Aldebaran turned his back on Felt, and resigned from the exchange. Then, Aldebaran strode up to the chopping block, over to Heinkel.

Heinkel: [――――]

Eyes downcast without raising his visage, Heinkel ignored Aldebaran. But, he ought to have noticed him. His breathing, and the flinch of his body had perceived his presence.

It was easy to imagine that he would feel on edge. It was a bit troubling to decide on what to say, but,

Aldebaran: [I’ll keep my promise. When this is all over, the Dragon’s Blood will be yours no matter what.]

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

Right now, what Heinkel necessitated was neither consolation nor apology, but a firm, definite promise.

At Aldebaran’s words, formed by his thinking, Heinkel’s breath caught, followed by his outstretched hand grabbing the hem of Aldebaran’s tunic, pulling him closer by sheer force. Suddenly down on one knee, Aldebaran felt the cold edge of a blade fastened to his nape, and his eyes met Heinkel’s.

With blood splattered on his face, Heinkel’s blue eyes were bloodshot,

Heinkel: [No matter what…!]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Heinkel: [No matter what, keep your promise. The Dragon’s Blood, whatever it takes… the Witch of Envy too…!]

Aldebaran: [I know. I’ve got no intention of letting the world end. That’s the purpose of Gluttony.]

Feeling the sharp pain on his nape, Aldebaran composed himself and responded so. He softly raised his arm as well, forcing Yae to back off as she was about to respond to Heinkel’s rash action.

Then, after Aldebaran and Heinkel stared at each other up close for a while,

Heinkel: [SHIT!]

Spitting that word out, Heinkel shoved Aldebaran back. Getting his body back up after falling on his backside, Aldebaran looked to his fore, and saw that Heinkel had returned to hanging his head, shutting himself away like before.

Witnessing that, Aldebaran fiddled with the metal fixture of his helmet, and sighed.

For the time being, he had grasped the state of each party member.

He would not deny that as a result of entering the Royal Capital, everyone had been exhausted for better or for worse, but the fact that nobody had been lost, and the fact that he had secured Roy made up for that; thus, he could proceed.

Frankly, he was well aware that he was not cut out for this, but he had no choice but to lead them.

Aldebaran: [For the time being, we should be able to settle down here. We’ll eat Yae’s food, and resume movement after a bit of a rest. The chaos from the Royal Capital’s only gonna continue――]

Snapping his fingers as a substitute for clapping his hands, Aldebaran gathered everyone’s attention.

Until this point, Yae and Heinkel, who had been accompanying him from the start, had been marching on nearly three days without rest or sleep. He had intended on taking some time to let them rest.

――That was, if a giant boulder had not been dropped from high in the sky, almost as if to interrupt Aldebaran’s words.

Aldebaran: [Wha.]

With that, right after mistaking it for a thin cloud’s shadow, Aldebaran was crushed by the extreme weight.

Merely, far in the distance, he felt as if he could hear the buzzing of insects.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Otto Suwen was enraged.

He resolved to do whatever he must to rid the land of that evil and ruthless king. ――To the point that that nonsensical, cliche stock phrase that Subaru had told him that people used when they got angry flashed through his mind, Otto was enraged.

There was no need to disclose who the direct cause, and target, of that rage was.

The great sinner, Al―― nay, Aldebaran had committed an unforgivable transgression. That was not only due to his betrayal of the hearts of those who were concerned for his mental and physical well-being, but also due to the fact that he had broken nearly a hundred of the most important laws prescribed by the Kingdom.

However, what enraged Otto the most was the fact that he had antagonized Otto’s very own family.

Otto considered himself a pacifist.

He fundamentally disliked conflict, and believed in avoiding any trouble that he could. In fact, even during the time he traveled together with Frufoo as a merchant, he seldomly stuck his nose into the disputes of others or chose the usage of violence unless he was given no other option.

However, his situation changed upon joining the Emilia Camp and taking on the position of its Internal Affairs Minister.

He did not appreciate Subaru’s teasing of him being a militant Internal Affairs Minister―― but, pacifism and mild-mannered diplomacy were not top priorities in his current position.

The caliber and intensity of the malice he had to face was far greater than anything he had experienced as a traveling merchant, and if he continued to respond in a half-hearted, passive manner, he would fail to protect those whom he wished to protect the most.

Likewise, he exercised both self-awareness of his status as someone entrusted by a Royal Candidate, and self-control that he warned himself must never slip.

As the Camp’s Internal Affairs Minister and a key administrator of the Mathers Domain’s management, Otto held a status and power of his position that he could have never dreamed of before. So that he would never be swallowed up by that and lose sight of his place, Otto admonished himself daily.

Those efforts Otto made to admonish himself, however, were forgotten the moment someone laid their hands on his family.

Otto: [Everyone has their own circumstances. But, I will not tolerate someone who is unwilling to find a solution at the negotiating table.]

If they desired mercy, he would show them mercy. If they desired generosity, he would show them generosity.

That kind of consideration and goodwill was present within everyone in the Camp, led by Emilia. Therefore, Otto also did his utmost to respect the integrity of that spirit of theirs.

Even so, if the other party continued to trample over and take advantage of them, he would be left with no choice.

If they desired his blessings, he would give them his blessings. If they desired his support, he would offer them his support.

And, if they desired to be hostile, then he would show them his utmost hostility.

Otto: [Thanks to Emilia-sama, the city came out unscathed. The evacuation of the Noble District was also completed in advance. The Knights of the Royal Capital have proven quite capable.]

Tightly clenching his fist, Otto processed the damage caused by the events that had just taken place.

Since he needed to dedicate his mind to getting a grasp on the situation and understanding how things had progressed, he could not allow himself to give in to indignation. Truly, he felt mortified deep within his heart. ――Mortified, at his own pathetic disgrace.

When the initial weight of the situation that had begun to move struck him over the head, Otto shamefully lamented his powerlessness, and was consoled by Emilia of all people. It should have been the opposite. That should never have occurred. The purpose of Otto’s position was to ease Emilia’s concerns.

And yet, the reality was that Otto had been on the verge of tears as he was comforted by Emilia, and had his head raised back up by the words of one whom he ought to have been supporting, before being given a push to his back.

He had jokingly told Emilia that Subaru would kill him, but in his heart of hearts, Otto truly wanted to strangle himself to death.

However, the dead would never get a chance to redeem themselves. So instead of foolishly wrapping his hands around his own neck, Otto would use his head with all his resolve. Fortunately, half-crying like that helped him clear his head out a little. ――Though the thunder was still rumbling in his mind, the lightning allowed him to peer into the darkness.

He thought back to a time long ago, when it was just him and Frufoo; they were hurrying through a thunderstorm when a bolt of lightning struck the carriage bed, resulting in their entire load of cargo being reduced to ashes.

As Otto lamented his great misfortune, his beloved dragon said to him “ Let’s be glad that neither of us was hurt, alright? ”, and he could not deny the truth in her words.

If one traveled through a thunderstorm, they had to be prepared to get struck by lightning. ――In that moment, however, it was up to the individual’s luck whether they could avoid being burned to death by said lightning.

By shaving away as many elements that luck could sway as possible, he forged ahead through that thunderstorm.

That was the essence of the enraged Otto Suwen’s no-holds-barred fighting style―― for that singular purpose, he would even play cards in his hand that were branded as ruthless without hesitation.

The manifestation of that was――,

Otto: [While we are staying in the Royal Capital, we cannot prepare a military force surpassing Reinhard-san, nor combat strength that exceeds Felt-sama’s group. As it is, when the turn to act comes back around to us, sheer force and numbers can no longer serve as absolute measures to stop them.]

By some artifice, Aldebaran had slipped past the Sword Saint Reinhard. Then, with the Divine Dragon Volcanica in his wake, he had pushed through Felt and her forces before reaching the Royal Capital.

Otto and his group, having only just returned from the Vollachian Empire and having gone separate ways from their allies, had no means to oppose the baffling ability of Aldebaran.

Thus, neither Emilia, who was dispatched with orders to capture him alive, nor the summons to Wilhelm’s group, who coincidentally were staying at the royal residence, were conceived as decisive strokes.

Naturally, were Emilia and Wilhelm’s group to reign victorious, it would have been ideal, but Otto had anticipated that such an outcome was likely unattainable. As matters stood, Otto’s group had possessed no means of aggression beyond deploying the entirety of their available forces.

――Otto Suwen possessed neither Reinhard van Astrea’s combat ability nor Valga Cromwell’s strategic ingenuity. He did not presume himself blessed to rival such talent, for he harbored no such inflated assessment of himself.

Otto did not expect himself to transcend his mortal limits. ――At best, he could only muster one-hundred percent of his own ability.

With that one-hundred percent, what Otto Suwen could do was――,

Otto: [――An abandoned quarry, west of the Royal Capital.]

The tidings were borne with the sound of fluttering wings; Otto narrowed his eyes as he marked the map. With one hand pressing a bloodied handkerchief to his nose, he tapped his hazy head.

Divine Protection overheating―― when Subaru had thus dubbed the exhaustion born from overuse, Garfiel’s eyes had shined at the wondrous sound of it. Remembering that, Otto’s lips relaxed.

Otto: [ Overheating , that sounds quite nice. Even if my head splits open, I will not stop, I…]

Blood still trickled from his nose as Otto grumbled thus under the gathering whir of wings―― Zodda bugs, at whom he snapped his fingers, instructing them to their next course of action in the continuation of their surveillance.

The Zodda bugs possessed an amiable disposition with a faint sense of individual awareness. They shared directives as one being, and to persuade but a single insect would demonstrate results equivalent to persuading the entire swarm. For their service, they demanded but a single reward: a peaceful life.

By virtue of his position as the Internal Affairs Minister, Otto had intended to secure their compensation. In return, the swarm must pledge obedience unto tasks of mortal peril whilst performing reckless endeavors that surpassed human capability.

――They had clung to the fleeing Divine Dragon to pinpoint its rendezvous point, mobilized swarms of a hundred thousand strong to drop boulders upon their foes, gathered every message left by the captured Felt; such deeds they wrought.

Otto: […The Grand Mogolade Geyser.]

It was a missive Felt had left in her captivity amidst Aldebaran’s gang, cast forth in hope of reaching allies which would later be salvaged within the ruins of the Barielle estate. The very manner of this delivery, evading surveillance to entrust her message to the Zodda bugs, spoke volumes of Felt’s unshakeable courage.

In truth, the missive contained naught but a toponym from the Kararagi City-States. It was likely Aldebaran and his group’s next target, or possibly their ultimate destination. If that was where they were headed, then by all means, let them go freely. ――Otto’s watchful gaze would never leave them.

Wherever they went, however they concealed themselves, Otto would endure ceaseless ringing in his ears and crimson streaks from his nose to track every last movement of Aldebaran’s faction.

Otto: [Please do not delude yourself into thinking you can sleep again. ――The entire world is your enemy now.]

He had nothing like the strength to claim victory. Naught remained but to continue to whittle away at his enemy’s might.

Thus did Otto Suwen fight, not as the Sword Saint or the Great Strategist, but as Emilia’s Internal Affairs Minister, one who exerted one-hundred percent of his strength.

Translation Note:

[1] Iekei Ramen (Family-style ramen) is a style of ramen developed by a restaurant called Yoshimuraya in the 1970’s. The Kanji 家系 can also be read as kakei, as in “Family Lineage”, so the restaurant Yoshimuraya refers to itself as the 元祖 (Progenitor) and other shops that they officially recognize (which also use the same style) as 直系 (Descendants).

--- Chapter 32: The Man Named Clind ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――While Aldebaran’s party was being relentlessly pursued by powerful adversaries, there were two other places in the Kingdom where gruelling and fierce battles of equal intensity were being fought.

One battle was between the Sword Saint, who continuously sought to prevent the destruction of the world, and the Witch of Envy, who persistently sought to swallow up the Augria Sand Dunes after manifesting a part of herself from the sealed shrine.

Both the Witch of Envy and the Sword Saint possessed the power to instantly end any battle if they were facing any other opponent, but exactly because they were facing each other in battle, the fight remained evenly matched, and the outcome continued to be left undecided.

The battle would continue for a full seven days and seven nights. ――Bringing the grave cost of the world’s destruction with it.

The other battle, as opposed to Aldebaran’s party and the Sword Saint’s, did not involve physical conflict, yet had the potential to influence the outcome of the other two battles greatly.

In other words, it was the struggle of those who were pursuing the “Following Star”, with Petra Leyte as the key.

――Petra knew very little about the man named Clind.

He was on her side. That, there was absolutely no doubt.

Annerose Miload, his master, was a shrewd little girl who, despite her young age and the unfortunate blemish of being related to Roswaal, remained unfazed through and through. She was one of the Emilia Camp’s strongest supporters and, even from Petra’s perspective, was undoubtedly charmed by Emilia.

Clind, who dedicated himself to supporting Annerose and was trusted as a versatile all-purpose butler, had also given Petra lessons in etiquette and manners when she first started working as a maid.

Clind had not only educated Petra, but almost everyone associated with the Mathers household, even Frederica and Ram were taught the fundamentals of being a servant by him.

Therefore, Clind could be considered the point of origin for the servants of the Mathers household, and Petra should therefore have regarded him as a teacher or mentor.

However, it was none other than the person in question who had corrected Petra’s perception.

Clind: [I never intended to take on such a noble role as teaching and mentoring. Misinterpretation. I am merely conveying what I have heard from my predecessors. It is only because I have remained in this position for many years that I have had many opportunities to do so. Declination.]

Clind’s way of thinking could have been interpreted as a sign of humility and modesty.

However, Petra intuitively sensed that these were Clind’s true, albeit rarely expressed feelings.

???: [In the end, that man undervalues himself. Because he has such low self-esteem, he thinks his work is not worthy of any praise… He is being so condescending!]

This was Frederica’s unusually harsh critique directed solely at Clind. Still, while Petra believed she was absolutely correct and the most wonderful person in the world, she was also in partial disagreement with her.

At first glance, Clind’s attitude indeed appeared to be that of a person with low self-esteem. However, Clind lacked the apparent hesitation or indecision when communicating with younger people or his junior colleagues, whereas a person with low self-esteem would tend to show more hesitation and indecision.

Clind’s attitude displayed no such simple and mundane hesitation. ――Just like Petra.

Petra: [If I put my mind to it, I can do anything.]

Most people would probably dismiss such a statement as mere arrogance, but Petra did not care about most people; she only cared about those closest to her. And she believed that the people closest to her believed in her confidence and potential.

Petra was aware that she was full of potential and had the talent to bring it to fruition.

Not only was she cute, but she also possessed the talent necessary to walk her desired path and the determination to believe in that talent and continue striving toward her goals without ever stopping. She was fully aware that she had been blessed with numerous gifts worthy of heaven.

As someone who was blessed with such talent, she would have said that Clind’s attitude was not that of someone with low self-esteem, but rather the opposite.

Clind was well aware of his exceptional talents. However, he did not consider them something to be proud of. This made him appear modest and reserved at first glance.

Petra: [But, I really don’t like that.]

――Petra knew very little about the man named Clind.

However, Petra honestly did not like Clind, the man she knew so little about.

It was not unrelated to the fact that Frederica, who was always so polite and kind to everyone like a loving mother, showed a particularly special attitude and uncharacteristic expressiveness only toward Clind, and that she was able to discern his underlying emotions. Of course, it was also a factor that Clind had been acquainted with Roswaal for a very long time and appeared to be on very good terms with him.

But, the biggest reason was derived from Clind’s own nature, which differed from his relationships with Frederica and Roswaal.

――The main reason was that the way he conducted himself, which seemed as if he had already given up, was completely contrary to Petra’s principles.

Petra: [――We’re back, so lend us a hand! I know you’re listening, Clind-niisama!]

As the dragon carriage passed through the gate at the entrance to Mirula, the town closest to the sand dunes, Petra raised her voice and called out to the familiar man.

It was all thanks to Patrasche, who had ceaselessly raced fiercely across the Sand Sea for a day and night from the Pleiades Watchtower, that Petra and the others were able to return in the shortest possible time and route. Even so, they were still lagging far behind Al, who had borrowed the wings of the Divine Dragon.

His strength was indispensable to catch up with that increasingly distant target.

Petra: [Clind-niisama!]

Petra pulled on the reins to stop the dragon carriage and raised her voice once more in the town square.

Petra’s desperate plea was met with silence from the man she had just called out to. But, she was convinced that her voice had reached him, and she started glancing around herself.

???: [Huh? Where is everyone?]

As if echoing Petra’s gaze, the Imaginary Subaru spoke.

Just as the Imaginary Subaru had said, even though it was midday, there was not a single soul to be seen in the square. ――No, it was not just the square. There was no sign of life in the entire town.

Mirula gave off the impression of a deserted roadside town, but even so, there should have been at least one or two hundred residents living there. It was very much odd that there was not a single person to be seen anywhere.

???: […Maybe helmet-ojisan wiped everyone o~ut?]

“Subaru”: [That’s a scary thing to say! Don’t act like Elsa!]

Petra: [Don’t say such scary things, Meili-chan. ―― As for you, Subaru, Meili-chan isn’t like that anymore. It’s just the result of her upbringing.]

The first half of her remark was for Meili; the second half, for the Imaginary Subaru.

To say that Meili’s worst-case scenario did not briefly cross her mind would have been a lie, but the possibility was able to be ruled out because the town was deserted but not damaged.

If Al had wreaked havoc with Volcanica, the town would have been completely wiped off the earth, and irreparable devastation would have ensued.

The appearance of the town was not so much a scene of devastation as much as it was――,

Petra: [It looks like they ran away in the night.]

“Subaru”: [It’s like they ran away in the night.]

Then, the impressions of Petra and the Imaginary Subaru unexpectedly overlapped.

Since the Imaginary Subaru resided within Petra’s mind, it was only natural that this would occur. However, as a young woman in love, she was secretly a little bit delighted that her thoughts were mirrored by her beloved.

Besides, there were other reasons why she was able to stay positive.

???: [――Although that may be a slight generalization, that assessment seems to be correct. Perspicacity.]

With that, a man stepped forward into the now completely deserted town square.

Amidst the bleak and desolate townscape, this person maintained a refined aura that stood out. Their mysterious presence was like a single drop of deep blue paint on a blank sheet of paper, exuding a subtle, unobtrusive, yet powerful strength.

That man had something so innate about himself that would make one believe that even if this were not a deserted roadside town but the bustling Royal Capital or even a noisy, crowded summer fireworks festival, no one would be able to overlook the man’s presence.

“Subaru”: [Wait a second. I’m now loading Petra’s knowledge real quick.]

Petra: [――Clind-niisama.]

“Subaru”: [Aww, you beat me to it!]

When the unfamiliar figure appeared, the Imaginary Subaru from the past looked a bit disappointed at being beaten to the punch, while Petra quickly jumped down from the driver’s seat and looked directly at the newcomer.

The versatile butler, and the man who held the key to overturning this situation―― Clind.

Clind: [――. Considering the state of Mirula and the turbulence in the Sand Sea, it appears that it was the correct decision to abandon the return journey. Fortuitous.]

Adjusting the position of the monocle on his left eye with his hand, Clind narrowed his eyes at the scene of the empty town and what lay behind Petra and the others―― the murky sky that had caused all of this.

And then――,

Clind: [Petra, it appears we need to talk. Urgency.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Clind: [――I understand. Deliberation.]

Upon hearing a rough explanation, Clind touched his narrow jaw with his finger and closed one eye.

The sharp beauty of a man, lost in thought, was in itself as majestic as a painting, but unfortunately, Petra had no time to admire it, as her sensibilities lay elsewhere.

If she simply wanted to see a beautiful face, the quickest way would have been to look in a mirror or at Emilia.

Clind: [What is the condition of Garfiel and the one called Ezzo? Verification.]

Meili: [I don’t think you need to fear for the lives of either fanged onii-san or Sensei-san. Fanged onii-san is really tou~gh, so I’m worried since he hasn’t woken up yet, bu~t…]

Petra: [Yeah, I think Garf-san was probably protecting Ezzo-san.]

Picking up the second half of Meili’s answer, Petra considered the two individuals who had been laid in the dragon carriage.

Garfiel, whose durability was one of his strengths, had suffered as much damage as Ezzo, a dwarf and magician, perhaps because he had shielded Ezzo by standing in front of him when they were attacked by the Divine Dragon.

Without those heroic actions, Ezzo might not have survived.

“Subaru”: [So, Garfiel took a direct hit from the Dragon, huh…? I still can’t quite wrap my head around the fact that he’s willing to risk his life like that, even though he’s only fourteen with a major case of chuunibyou .]

Petra: [Just so you know, Garf-san is fifteen now. By the way, I’m turning fourteen soon.]

“Subaru”: [Time just flies by. No wonder Petra’s gone from being a pretty girl to a beautiful woman.]

Petra: [――――]

Again, Petra had to keep in mind that this was just the Imaginary Subaru in her mind, and not what the real Subaru would say. However, even if it were the real Subaru, he would have said something along those lines, and she remembered hearing him say something similar before.

Even though she knew it was not flattery, but rather sincere words, the fact that he could say it so casually to anyone other than Emilia was somewhat troubling.

Regardless――,

Petra: [While I’m also worried about Garf-san and Sensei-san, my biggest concern is Al-san. Clind-niisama, you waited for us because you feel the same way too, right?]

Clind: [The feeling is not quite the same. The reason I chose to remain in this place was because of a slight sense of unease I felt when I saw Petra and the others off. Misgivings.]

Petra: [A slight sense, of unease?]

Clind: [Yes. In fact, I informed both Subaru-sama and Beatrice-sama about it. Retrospective.]

Clind cast his eyes down gloomily upon relaying the information that Petra and Meili had not known. In actuality, since the two who had been informed had both been taken by Al’s hand, Clind’s self-reproach must have been considerable.

Even the Imaginary Subaru, who was unfamiliar with Clind, felt a twinge of sympathy for this unfortunate situation,

“Subaru”: [Well, the more I hear about what happened, the more I think Beatrice and I were in the wrong. I mean, Clind-san communicated everything properly, right? But, we didn’t say anything, did we? So, this is the result; it’s only natural…]

Petra: [Subaru and Beatrice-chan aren’t to blame. Subaru, quiet down.]

“Subaru”: [My intentions aren’t reflected in my written apology!]

Subaru lamented as if he had struck upon something unreasonable, but Petra would not tolerate any careless disparagement of Subaru, even if it came from Subaru himself. Moreover, Beatrice would also be implicated with that remark. Beatrice was cute and kind, so she could not be at fault.

Without hesitation, she would dispense harsh justice that would make anyone tremble upon hearing it. These were the rules of Petra Leyte’s court, and the verdicts of Judge Petra.

Meili: [So? What was it that was bugging you, Butler-sa~n?]

Clind: [At that time, I was unable to identify it specifically. Inadequacy. However, now that the situation has developed this way… I feel that I have doubts about the establishment of the situation. Concern.]

Prompted by Meili, Clind kept his eyes downcast and put his thoughts into words.

The “establishment of the situation” that Clind found troubling likely referred to when he saw Petra and the others off at Mirula.

Clind: [It did not seem unnatural. Upon hearing the explanation, the choice of personnel seemed reasonable. ――However, it also felt like a combination that would require two or three difficult justifications to make sense. Intentional.]

Petra: [Intentional…]

As Clind gave his explanation, Petra chewed on those words.

To be honest, the fact that Clind was vague and avoided making a clear statement about the mistake in the selection of members to travel to the Pleiades Watchtower―― this fact nagged at Petra’s conscience in the form of guilt-ridden speculation.

If Emilia, Ram, or Otto had gone with Subaru instead of Petra, things might not have turned out this way. Indeed, if Frederica had been there instead of Petra as initially planned, Al’s terrible actions might have been prevented.

Meili was irreplaceable in breaking through the Augria Sand Dunes, and Garfiel was the camp’s most dependable fighter as an escort. These two were essential members of the expedition.

It was only Petra. Petra was the only member who was replaceable.

Petra: [――――]

Perhaps she should have been more assertive. Whether it was postponing the trip to the Tower or everyone taking action together.

Of course, it was imperative to report immediately upon their return from Vollachia on the events that had transpired there, and it was also true that Schult, who had lost his only support, needed emotional care. Given the necessity of making such sound judgments, there was no doubt that the current members were chosen for the right reasons.

However, Petra was not confident that her subjective, arbitrary wishes had not influenced these decisions.

Having been separated from Subaru for so long, Petra did not want to be apart from him even for a moment, and she was driven by a selfish desire to be useful to him. In a place where Emilia and Rem were not present, Petra hoped that her strength and presence would be able to support Subaru.

As a result, she did not even recognize the uneasiness that Clind had sensed――.

“Subaru”: [――Petra, you’re definitely overthinking this.]

Petra tightly gripped the hem of her skirt, and the intangible hand of the Imaginary Subaru overlapped hers, gently whispering in her ear.

However, Petra was not easily comforted by Subaru’s words.

“Subaru”: [Well, I know it’s not my place to say this, but it’s not impossible that you had some non-zero amount of ulterior motives, like wanting to be with me. But that’s not a bad thing. And even if you did feel that way, it was only a single percent . I know that the other ninety-nine percent was Petra’s kindness that I know so well.]

Petra: [No… I’m just making the Subaru in my head say that…]

“Subaru”: [If you say that, isn’t there nothing I can say!? That’s like playing a banned card !]

It must have been embarrassing for him to say that he wanted to be with her, but Petra let out a long breath at the sight of the Imaginary Subaru, blushing slightly as he pleaded with her.

To be honest, Petra hated herself for being so easily taken in by his kindness. She thought perhaps she was not a cheap girl; it was just that Subaru’s words were too powerful.

“Subaru”: [Besides, I suspect that your suffering isn’t really your fault, Petra.]

Petra: [Does… that have anything to do with Al-san being so strong?]

“Subaru”: [Well, I’ve never actually seen Al fight with a sword, so I might be talking nonsense… but I do know Reinhard.]

Even though Al’s abilities were unknown, he knew the abilities of Reinhard―― the pinnacle of this world.

Both Garfiel and Ezzo were incredibly skilled fighters who were out of Petra’s class. Since Al defeated them, assuming that he was even stronger would be natural.

However, no matter how strong Al was, he was no match for Reinhard.

“Subaru”: [When I first saw him in the loot house, I didn’t really have an understanding of the norms of this world, so I was confused… But even by the standards of this world, he’s still a monster.]

Petra: [Yeah. But Al-san also did something about Reinhard-san. There’s no doubt that Flam-chan used her Divine Protection to summon him, so…]

“Subaru”: [At the very least, he wasn’t instantly killed by Reinhard. Even with an assist character like the Divine Dragon, it’s common knowledge that that’s not something anyone can do easily, right?]

Petra: [Is that related to how we were grouped up?]

“Subaru”: [Maybe. But I really feel like strength alone doesn’t explain everything.]

Petra also carefully considered the implications of what the Imaginary Subaru had said.

Indeed, no amount of strength mattered when facing Reinhard. With strength alone, it would be impossible to overcome Reinhard and achieve one’s goal.

In other words, besides his strength, there were other reasons for Al’s frightening nature.

“Subaru”: [Honestly, things have been going too well for Al until now.]

Petra: [But, people who always seem to be lucky have other reasons besides luck, right?]

“Subaru”: [Right.]

Although the heart of the matter remained unclear, Petra believed that it was worth remembering that point.

By exploring other possibilities, her feelings of guilt with nowhere to go were somewhat alleviated. Perhaps this had been what Subaru really wanted all along.

Meili: [Petra-chan? Are you okay? You’re looking kind of spaced o~ut.]

Petra: [――. Sorry, Meili-chan, I’m fine. Anyway, Clind-niisama.]

Clind: [What is it? Confirmation.]

Petra: [I think your sense of unease is correct, Clind-niisama. I’m not exactly sure why, but if we don’t understand that unease, no one will be able to stop Al-san.]

Clind: [――――]

Petra: [It’s just us. We’re the only ones who can stop Al-san. ――We have to stop him, then get Subaru and Beatrice-chan back.]

With her hand placed on her chest, Petra pleaded with Clind.

Building it up, building it up, and then finally exhaling that breath, it had taken considerable courage for Petra to do so.

“Subaru”: [――――]

The Imaginary Subaru stood with his arms crossed and stared at Petra’s profile with a complicated expression. Without looking in his direction, Petra remained steadfast in her conclusion. She believed it with all her heart.

――Petra had read Subaru’s Book of the Dead. In the worst-case scenario, Al might have killed Subaru and Beatrice and erased them from the world. It would be natural to think so, given that Natsuki Subaru’s Book of the Dead existed.

Petra: [But, my Subaru isn’t normal.]

The “my” slipped out subconsciously, but it was true. The “isn’t normal” part of it was true.

Natsuki Subaru had a power called Return by Death, an incredibly cruel and agonizing power that only a kind person could make use of properly. Petra surmised that the Book she had read had been but one of the volumes containing Subaru’s experiences of dying up until now.

That was because――,

Petra: [After what I saw in that Book, did Subaru really manage to survive without dying even once?]

“Subaru”: [It feels like you have negative trust in me, huh. But, then again, with my impression of what Petra knows… all of the Sin Archbishops coming up to bat at once, the adventure at the Pleiades Watchtower, and the hell of the Vollachian Empire… for me to overcome all of that without a single mistake is, well, unbelievable even for me, wouldn’t you say?]

Petra: […Yeah.]

When Petra realized that Subaru’s glorious achievements, which had already been considered remarkable given the hardships he had overcome, were, in fact, a collection of hellish trials far worse than she could have imagined, she was far from feeling disappointed in Subaru, but rather, she felt heartbroken by that self-sacrifice.

And at the same time, she was aware of it. ――Of the depth of Subaru’s psychological scars, caused by Priscilla’s death.

Subaru was so deeply, deeply hurt, more deeply than anyone could possibly imagine. For precisely that reason, he had taken the blame upon himself and resolved to do anything for Al’s sake.

Not only was it those feelings of Subaru, but moreover his unparalleled resolve to “save everyone even if it means dying”, Al had betrayed all of it. If he had killed Subaru and Beatrice, then even if Petra tore apart Al’s body, mind, and soul, she would be unable to fulfill her revenge.

Meili: [Petra-chan, Onii-san and Beatrice-chan a~re…]

Petra: [They are alive. Absolutely.]

Meili: […Yea~h. Both of them, especially Onii-san, are really tena~cious.]

Meili said so quietly and gently rested her head on Petra’s shoulder.

Even Meili, who was never so straightforward with her feelings, was genuinely concerned for Subaru and Beatrice. The fact that those around her felt the same way was a testament to Subaru’s achievements thus far.

“Subaru“: [Whether it comes to Beatrice or Meili, what the hell did the me I don’t know do?]

Even though they concerned himself, the Imaginary Subaru muttered in a bewildered tone regarding those unknown actions. Seeing the Imaginary Subaru’s expression, Petra relaxed her lips into a smile and turned back to Clind.

Petra had already conveyed her intentions and objectives. All that remained was to wait for his response.

Facing Petra’s gaze directly, Clind quietly let out a sigh from his thin lips,

Clind: [Only you can do it, you say. What a bold statement. However, your resolve is a sight to behold. Admiration.]

Petra: [――――]

Clind: [Frankly speaking, when the Witch emerged at the end of the world, bringing about a situation that only the Sword Saint could possibly thwart, I had already half resigned myself to the fact that it was irreversible. Regret. However, if you are determined to fight on, then――]

Petra: [Hold on, Clind-niisama.]

Clind had begun to speak, only to be met with Petra interrupting him mid-sentence.

It was not because she was concerned that the conversation would have become lengthy or gone off on a tangent. ――To put it in Clind’s words, it was an unease that she could not clearly articulate. However, it was precisely because he regretted overlooking that previous unease that Petra could not overlook this one.

What caught Petra’s attention was the way Clind said it.

Petra: [I said “we”. That includes you, Clind-niisama. Don’t talk as if you’re not one of us.]

Clind: [That is… Hesitation.]

Petra: [Even if this might not be the right time, I will say it. Clind-niisama, you’ve always acted like you’re an outsider when you’re with us. I don’t like that.]

If he was dealing with Petra and the rest of the Emilia Camp as adults, as people in positions where it was necessary to take a step back, then she could still understand it.

But Clind was different. He treated everyone the same.

Annerose, whom Clind adored most; Roswaal, who had a relationship like partners-in-crime with Clind; Frederica, who could not bring herself to cut Clind out of her life; the same was true for all of them.

Petra: [That kind of lifestyle would never be tolerated in Emilia-neesama’s ideal Kingdom.]

Clind: [――――]

Petra: [This isn’t someone else’s problem. If you’re alive, meeting people, talking to them, and spending time with them, then the good and bad things that happen are all part of it. You shouldn’t just pick out only a few bits, or only the good parts, because you can’t cheat like that.]

Meili: [Petra-chan…]

Petra: [If you keep doing that, eventually everyone important to you will turn their backs on you!]

Having felt Meili’s presence brush against her sleeve, Petra spoke with such force that she was out of breath.

Halfway through, she was no longer able to tell if she was expressing herself clearly, or if her message had gotten through at all. She had surely been influenced by the “Subaru” from the Book of the Dead.

“Subaru”: [Oioi, aren’t I part of the cheating you were just talking about?]

The Imaginary Subaru spoke thus with a frown, but she consciously ignored him for now. What was more important was Clind’s reaction――,

Clind: [Everyone important to me turning their back on me, is it…? Keen realization.]

At Clind’s muttered remark, Petra gasped softly.

This was partly because the horribly poignant emotions contained within Clind’s low voice resonated tragically deep within her heart. But more than that, it was Clind’s expression that caused her to feel this way.

Petra: [――――]

Clind rarely showed his emotions on his face. Petra could not think of any instances where he smiled, became angry, or appeared sad; Clind simply conveyed everything with a blank expression.

There was a change in Clind’s expression. ――One of deep sorrow.

A poignant voice and a sorrowful expression. When both overlapped, one could describe it as ephemeral.

At that moment, Clind had an ephemeral and painful expression, as if reminiscing about the past.

Clind: [That… has already happened. Nostalgia.]

Petra: [Clind-niisama…]

Clind: [I have already had everyone turn away from me before, Petra. Self-deprecation.]

When she heard those words, Petra felt ashamed, remembering what she had said just before.

With arrogance, she spoke grandly about feelings she had only just begun to grasp, as if she knew everything. Clind already knew those feelings, and yet he acted the way he did.

However, despite feeling ashamed, Petra still wanted to say something.

Petra: [Even so…]

Clind: [――Yes, even so. Admiration.]

Petra: [Huh?]

Clind: [Once before, I relinquished everything. Even though it is true that I was left empty by that, there were things I gained and accumulated along the path I walked afterwards. Reflection. ――Petra, my relationship with you and everyone else has been one of those things. Revelation.]

After he said that, Clind closed his eyes and gazed into the sky.

What did he see in that sky, where scattered clouds were being torn apart, as if barely holding back the end of the world on the other side?

Clind: [Why did I stay here, even though I was not ordered to, just because of some slight feeling of unease? I suppose it was because I, too, found it unbearable to let things continue like this. Unclouded mind.]

Petra: [Um… Clind-san, would that mean…?]

Meili: [That would mean it is like Petra-chan said, and you are apologizi~ng?]

Petra: [Meili-chan!]

“Subaru”: [Whoa, Meili-paisen said it.] [1]

Confusing Petra, Meili’s clear response brought surprise. Next to Petra, who was staring wide-eyed, Subaru called Meili “Paisen” in an admiring tone of voice, and even though she had no memory of him doing that, she thought it was a typical reaction for Subaru.

Unconcerned by Petra’s confusion, Clind let out a small laugh,

Clind: [Forgive me for causing you anxiety due to my lack of awareness. Sincerest apologies. That said, Petra, I am deeply appreciative of you. Debt of gratitude. ――I, too, would like to contribute positively.]

Petra: [Clind-niisama…]

Declaring thus, Clind bowed respectfully, to which Petra’s eyes lit up.

However, as if to dampen Petra’s excitement, Meili interjected with “I mean,”

Meili: [I don’t think Butler-san had any intention of standing in our way or refusing to help, ri~ght? Petra-chan, aren’t you just overthinking thi~ngs?]

Petra: [Th-that may be true, but…]

Clind: [No, that is incorrect, Meili. Rectification. Perceiving a situation as one’s own means that I will also take initiative in proposing plans toward the solution. A great difference from an onlooking bystander. Different people.]

“Subaru”: [That’s a bit of an exaggeration to say it’s different people!]

Petra: [But, we can expect that much, right? Then! Clind-niisama, use your mysterious power and take us to where everyone is…]

Eagerly leaning forward, Petra was determined to make full use of Clind’s power.

In fact, what Petra was counting on most in this situation was Clind’s ability to Teleport. His teleportation, which instantly removed the distance that separated them from their destination, was an indispensable power for chasing after Al, who was headed somewhere with the Divine Dragon in tow.

Al’s destination was unknown, but the very conspicuous Divine Dragon accompanied him.

With the cooperation of Emilia, Ram and the others, and even the odious Roswaal, it should have been sufficiently possible to determine their destination and catch up with them.

So proclaimed Petra’s enthusiasm as she exhaled a rough breath from her nose, but――,

Clind: [Unfortunately, my teleportation is not something that can be utilised without restriction. Rather, in terms of restrictions, it is a fairly inversatile power. Regrettable.]

Petra: [Clind-niisama, you liar! You traitor!]

“Subaru”: [That’s no fair after getting our hopes up! Clind-niisama, you killjoy!]

Meili: [P-Petra-chan, you’re being too ha~rsh. I don’t think Butler-san meant any ha~rm.]

The glimmer of hope was abruptly extinguished, and Petra seethed with the Imaginary Subaru in tow. Only half of their anger reached Clind and Meili, but him being a killjoy was the truth.

In the first place, it was a power of unknown mechanism, but when it was established that they could not use the Teleport which they had been counting on, the conversation just came down to a handsome man proactively accompanying them.

Clind: [It is not precisely Teleportation, but the Compression of space and time. Elucidation. It Compresses the distance one would originally have to travel and the time originally requisite for it. However, in order to avoid it having a substantial effect on the world’s way, it requires Od Lagna’s oversight. Expedience.]

“Subaru”: [Od Lagna? The hell’s that s’pposed t’mean?]

Petra: [The root of Mana and such, and according to Subaru’s knowledge, something like a god with no consciousness… probably.]

Clind uttered a term that struck them like a sucker punch, as Petra explained it to the Imaginary Subaru whilst he tilted his head in confusion, and she herself was not entirely sure she understood either.

While studying magic under Roswaal, Petra had received a general explanation of Od Lagna, but she was not sure if she understood it properly. Even Roswaal had said it would be hard for him to claim that he fully understood Od Lagna.

However, Od Lagna was an incredibly large concentration of power, and in a sense, it was said to be something that rested in a special place even from the pinnacles of powerful beings like the Sword Saint, the Divine Dragon, and the Witch of Envy.

Meili: [So, what happens if you can’t foo~l this Od Lagna?]

Clind: [That is unknown. The fact that it is unknown is terrifying. Shudder.]

In response to Meili’s question, Clind slowly shook his head.

His answer did not seem deceptive or evasive. In other words, despite seeming to know everything, Clind shared Roswaal’s perspective.

But, if that was the case――,

Petra: [Clind-niisama, haven’t you done it several times before? That means you were able to deceive Od Lagna… what should we do?]

Clind: [Petra…]

Petra: [You were able to use your power because there was a method to it. What do you need, Clind-niisama? For example… Mana is needed to use magic. A Contract is necessary to control spirits. So, do you need to compensate Od Lagna in order to use it?]

Clind: [――. You are truly such a surprising child. Admiration.]

Clind’s reaction served to confirm Petra’s suspicions.

In other words, by offering compensation to Od Lagna, they could obtain permission to use Clind’s extraordinary power. Or, as Clind himself put it, to turn a blind eye.

“Subaru”: [So like bribes and kickbacks… What a corrupt materialist, despite being a god.]

The sour-faced Imaginary Subaru’s remark was something Petra wholeheartedly agreed with. But on the other hand, she felt that a god who demanded something in return was more trustworthy than a god who gave freely without asking for anything in return.

Most importantly, Petra knew all too well that the world was not set on easy mode where one could just get what they wanted without making any sacrifices.

That was why――,

Petra: [Please tell me what you need, Clind-niisama. I will arrange for it without fail, no matter what it is. For Subaru, Beatrice-chan, and everyone else.]

Meili: [O~h, Petra-chan, you’re being si~lly. You just said it yourself, but it’s not “I,” it’s “we.”]

Petra: [――. Sorry, sorry. But, thank you.]

Meili directed a miniscule smile at Petra and held her arm, who had resolved her determination.

Looking back, she never imagined that she would have this kind of a relationship with Meili. When Meili was imprisoned in the mansion, Petra often visited her because she wanted to move her through compassion and keep her from becoming dangerous.

Petra never imagined that she would nestle close to her at her moment of solitary decision.

After all, absolutely all of this was what Petra had received from him.

Clind: [――It is possibility. Response.]

Following a pause, Clind stated so before Petra and Meili.

Nothing so pessimistic as irresolution or incertitude, nor the hesitation or woe to apprise such youthful children of this.

Clind accepted the present circumstance as his own, and deemed Petra and Meili to be certain allies faced before the same problem. Henceforth, he resumed.

Clind: [It is possibility, the influence to be exerted upon the world, upon Od Lagna, that shall be forfeit as compensation. That is the condition for the utilization of the Authority belonging to the Witch Factor of Tristitia in my possession. ――Divulgence.] [2]

TL Note:

[1] – Paisen (パイセン) is a slang term for senpai that is formed from just flipping the two syllables. Interestingly, Subaru used this term for Meili in the light novels of Arc 6.

[2] – We’re making a point to use “Tristitia” instead of “Melancholy”, despite official translations opting for the latter. There is no English translation for the sin of Tristitia, as written in Latin. Melancholy perhaps captures a fragment of it, but loses most of the nuance. Melancholy may be an apt translation from the direct Japanese of “憂鬱”, but fails to capture the sin it describes. Close words would be sorrow, despair; it is not simply the act of feeling sad or depressed as melancholy may imply, but apathy, despondency, a distaste for spiritual joy and a resignation to one’s duties, breeding despair. English has no words to describe the precise concept of this sin. This is why SummaryAnon decided to use “Tristitia” as his translation for the term all those years back, and why we have decided to keep to that precedent. Plus it sounds kino as fuck.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Announcement

Witch Cult Translations is pleased to announce that we have entered into a partnership with the /r/rezero subreddit. To our readers that may have come from Reddit, do note that this subreddit is distinct from the one we used to post our announcements on, so we do recommend joining /r/rezero to stay up to date with all the latest Re: Zero translations, including Web Novel, Side Stories, in addition to all the smaller updates and details that you may otherwise be missing. We also announce all our translations on our official Twitter account and our public Discord server.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 33: The Girl Named Petra Leyte ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Petra: [――Possibility, as compensation.]

Ascertaining what she had been informed of by repeating it, Petra furrowed her well-shaped eyebrows.

Possibility, that was the article necessary in exchange for using the mysterious power of Teleport that Clind was endowed with. She had been envisaging the requirement to be something simpler to comprehend, like vast amounts of Mana or a rare Magic Crystal――,

“Subaru”: [Possibility as compensation, the hell’s that s’pposed ta mean.]

Faced with the same question as Petra, the Imaginary Subaru greatly wrenched his neck. Making proper use of his nature as a substanceless phantom, he rotated horizontally in the air, ardently appealing his lack of understanding for Clind’s elucidation.

But then again, that cute appeal of his was only visible to Petra.

“Subaru”: [First of all, did this guy just say “Witch Factor of Tristitia”? He did, right? Witch Factor was one of those useless-sounding keywords Echidna mentioned!]

Petra: […I don’t really think too fondly of that Witch of Greed, so I don’t know how much I can trust her.]

“Subaru”: [Well, I guess, she’s one of those types who easily cause misunderstandings. I don’t trust her at heart, but if you consider it to be a show of her lack of personability, I do think it puts things in a different light. She’s unquestionably ill-natured. Ill-natured, but.]

Petra: [Yeah. With my handkerchief … Never mind.]

Attention turning to something outside the topic of compensation, the voice of the Imaginary Subaru trembled, and Petra averted her eyes from him.

The disconsolate spectacle she had witnessed via the Book of the Dead, the method Subaru had adopted in order to bring it to an end, one prepared by that Witch, was not something Petra ever wanted to vocalize. Something she wished to not look upon directly it was, yet it also was something she was unable to turn a blind eye to; troublesome just the right amount.

Anyhow――,

Meili: [Witch Factor would mea~n, that Butler-san was also a Sin Archbisho~p?]

Meili, who was in a sense a natural airhead, cut right into the details difficult to ask.

‘Twas a term that Petra would have had no recollection of prior to reading the Book of the Dead, but it seemed Meili had gotten an opportunity to learn about Witch Factors. The relationship between not only the Witch Factors and the Witches―― but also the Sin Archbishops, was something Petra also considered she must necessarily enquire about.

In all honesty――,

“Subaru”: [If this Clind-san’s a Sin Archbishop like Petelgeuse was, then I don’t know how much I can trust the harmonious conversation till now…]

Petra: [Can you really say that, Subaru, after having forgiven Spica-chan, who used to be the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony?]

“Subaru”: [The hell are you saying!? There’s no way I’d forgive Gluttony after all that they made Rem go through!?]

Petra: […It may be better to take a moment and show you my recent memories.]

Like his relationship with Beatrice, chronologically, the Subaru Petra saw in the Book of the Dead had many discrepancies in knowledge and relationships with the present Subaru. Thinking back to it, she remembered Subaru speaking ill of Echidna every once in a while, hence much had to have happened between Subaru and Echidna in an extent unbeknownst to Petra, she conjectured.

She was, unmistakably, a bad woman, therefore Petra’s instincts were right. ――And, in addition to conducting this mental conference, Petra kept a close eye on Clind alongside Meili.

She had faith that Clind was no villain, and there was also the precedent of the former Sin Archbishop Spica, but her being able to trust the other party without reservations the way Emilia could was a wholly different matter. Although, that simplicity of Emilia’s was adorable and charming, so she wished to quickly grow up the same way.

Clind: [Albeit Meili’s misgivings are a matter of course, I am not a Sin Archbishop. Refutation. To begin with, the Witch Factor of Tristitia is an article of an exceptional kind. Unenumerated. Even were I one compatible with this Factor, I would not be enlisted among the ranks of Witches or Sin Archbishops. Outcast.]

Petra: [――――]

Clind: [The erstwhile owner… the one compatible with the Witch Factor of Tristitia, named himself as the Warlock of Tristitia. Self-named… no, named by another. That individual had no fixations towards any manner of address, but his wife simply deemed it would be suitable to call him as such and named him. Pet name.]

Petra: [Warlock…]

Subaru: [Not a Witch but a Warlock! I totally get it. Would’ve been worried had he said “man-witch” or something like that.] [1]

As if it had conformed to his sensibilities, the Imaginary Subaru displayed his admiration with a snap of his fingers. On the other hand, Petra looked at Clind as she whispered the word.

If this explanation were to also apply to Clind himself,

Petra: [Then, does that mean you’re also a Warlock of Tristitia, Clind-niisama?]

Clind: [No. Refutation. I am not compatible with the Witch Factor of Tristitia. Consequently, I necessitate compensation in order to draw out the Authority of Tristitia. Inadequate. By nature, those compatible with a Witch Factor do not require compensation in order to exercise the Authority. It is the right to rewrite the world, as recognized by Od Lagna. Official.]

Meili: [A right to rewrite the world, hu~h. I often hear about i~t, but I wish this Od Lagna person was a bit more selective about who that is given to~.]

“Subaru”: [Agreed with Meili.]

Meili tapered her lips in displeasure as the Imaginary Subaru’s intangible hand patted her head, whilst Petra put a finger on her lips and processed the information.

She wished to believe Clind’s repudiation of being a Sin Archbishop, of being a Warlock. Following that, regarding the special power seemingly brought forth by the Witch Factor―― she digested the rule that for a person incompatible, compensation was required to utilize that which a compatible party could employ to their heart’s content.

If that was the payment to use Clind’s Teleport, no, Compression, then,

Petra: [Let’s say, if the Witch Factor in Clind-niisama’s possession was used by someone else… by me, then can your Teleport be used as much as I want without paying the compensation?]

“Subaru”: [Petra! That’s totally one of those things that won’t end well so stop it!]

Petra: [Why? Subaru, you know it too, right…? That your Return by Death is without a doubt the same as those Witch Factors Clind-niisama is talking about.]

“Subaru”: [That’s…]

The moment it hit him, the Imaginary Subaru sank to silence with a bitter expression.

At the tea party with Echidna, Subaru had learned the truth of having taken in a Witch Factor―― back then, the topic had been about that which had belonged to the Sin Archbishop of Sloth whom he had defeated just prior, but upon considering everything including the reason for the Witch of Envy’s fixation to Subaru, then there was probably more to it.

Return by Death, was neither Magic nor Curse Arts nor honed technique, it was a clearly disparate power―― in other words, there was a high chance that it was an Authority. If so, Natsuki Subaru was a Warlock all the same.

Petra: [In that case, I don’t mind becoming a Witch. I’m not afraid if I’m with Subaru, after all.]

“Subaru”: […You may be jumping to the wrong conclusion. Regardless of whether my Return by Death is an Authority or whatever, you know, there’s an unavoidable pattern in “another world” stories of receiving a gift from a god who won’t even show their face yet.]

Petra: [Subaru, you keep a lot of secrets, but you’re a bad liar.]

That was perhaps why he must have kept things hidden, always avoiding conversation to stop himself from revealing any of his secrets.

Cherishing the kindness of her beloved with affection, Petra closed her eyes, then once again looked back at Clind. Clind slightly widened his eyes, his expression suggesting awe at her gaze and strength of will――,

Clind: [Regrettably, that method cannot be adopted. Rejection.]

Petra: [――Hk, why?]

Clind: [To begin with, it is inconceivable that you, Petra, would be compatible with the Witch Factor of Tristitia. This Factor and one other, the Factor of Vanagloria, are both unenumerated… no, supernumerary is the right word. They are exceptional Factors, with each having been fine-tuned to their respectively singular and uniquely compatible persons―― the Valiant and the Saintess. Tailored. They shan’t ever be compatible with any other, and besides.] [2] [3]

Petra: […Besides?]

Clind: [Even they who were compatible, were unable to escape the corruption of their minds. Disgrace.]

Casting his eyes down, Clind pursed his lips. From his response, Petra was able to intuit that the aforementioned compatible individuals―― the Valiant and the Saintess, were two people with whom he had been acquainted. Furthermore, the person singularly compatible with the Witch Factor of Tristitia, the very Warlock of Tristitia whose mind had fallen into corruption, was that Valiant.

Moreover, the fact that Clind possessed the Witch Factor of that Warlock, signified that said Valiant no longer existed in this world――,

Meili: [Yea~h, yea~h, I know you’re talking about something really impo~rtant, but since Petra-chan’s dangerous determination won’t wo~rk, let’s get back to the main topic, o~kay?]

Petra: [Mph, dangerous, you say…]

Meili: [It was totally dangero~us. Even if Petra-chan takes a liking to something like a Witch Factor, I’m definitely against it. You can’t rely on that kind of powe~r.]

Petra: [Meili-chan…]

She could tell they were words of genuine concern for Petra, devoid of malice.

Meili knew about Witch Factors without having attended the Witch’s tea party. Judging from her phrasing, she might have encountered a being in possession of a Witch Factor―― a Sin Archbishop. Her advice was, yet, ironic.

“Subaru”: [――――]

Lowering his brows, the Imaginary Subaru gazed at Meili with an expression that was too gentle to be one borne of mixed feelings.

The incident surrounding the Sanctuary and the Roswaal mansion, and having been captured in the midst of it all, Meili had also been involved in the matter―― in the deaths of Petra and Frederica, that she herself had witnessed in the Book of the Dead.

That Petra and Meili’s relationship did not end as merely that of victim and aggressor of Death, was thanks to none other than Subaru’s Return by Death.

Because of that, Petra could not help but think that a power depended upon how it was used――,

Petra: […Yeah, I understand.]

Meili: [That’s ri~ght. You’re a good gi~rl.]

Meili was visibly relieved by Petra’s reply. Holding the former’s hand, Petra nodded.

Either way, if the Witch Factor of Tristitia was not compatible with Petra, then the strategy of becoming the Factor’s holder in Clind’s stead and ignoring the compensation would not work.

Petra being the Witch to Subaru’s Warlock was solely a charming scenario, but an alternative that ought to have been abandoned if it had no merit.

Clind: [Per Meili’s words, let us return to the main topic. Restatement. Anyhow, as I explained, payment of the compensation will be required. And, that compensation is the potential to exert influence upon the world. Possibility.]

Petra: [――. Could you please explain it in more detail?]

Clind: [For example, let us say there is a magic spell that can start a fire with a single incantation. Its convenience goes without saying, and contingent upon this spell a great number of futures may open up. Prospects. Cooking, medicine, metalwork, smithing, warfare… there is no time to list them all. Extensive. This is potential influence, ergo, possibility. Thus――]

Petra: […If that spell were to be offered as compensation, everything that would have happened due to that spell would disappear?]

Clind: [In its place, there will remain a vacancy where the possibility would have originally been used in the world. In the place of that vacancy, that margin, the incompatible Authority of Tristitia can be exercised. Conclusion.]

With that finale, Petra understood that Clind had finished the necessary explanation.

What he was saying, she understood. ――In short, it was a matter of resources. There was a limit to the resources for operating the world which Od Lagna was managing.

The condition for using Clind’s Authority was to sacrifice something to create a leftover of resources that were originally being exhausted to their limit, and then surreptitiously make use of that surplus.

Having come to that realization, the clever and lovely Petra noticed one more thing.

Petra: […Clind-niisama, we used your Authority a lot to get to the Empire. What about the compensation for that?]

Clind: [――. From the Master. Confidential.]

Petra: […Seriously, ew.]

With vexation and abhorrence, the pits of Petra’s stomach churned.

Everyone from the Camp had mustered the entirety of their strengths to save Subaru and the others from that situation. Beatrice had remained asleep, believing that she would be reunited with Subaru, and Otto had even compromised his principles to seek help from his hometown. Emilia had desperately indicated her decision, and Petra had also intended to do everything possible.

And yet, the fact that the one to pay the most compensation for it, withholding from even divulging this truth, had been Roswaal, was an unbearable humiliation for Petra.

“Subaru”: [What could it be, something like the desire for atonement? Like, an apology for the Sanctuary or the mansion?]

Petra: [I don’t think it would be an easily understandable sentiment like that. That’s why I hate the Master…!]

“Subaru”: [Yeah, you’re right to be angry, Petra…]

The Imaginary Subaru had still not read Petra’s memories of the Empire, so he was unable to empathize with her emotions, which was frustrating. However, Petra did not want him to understand even this ugly, grimy enviousness of hers, so she cast that grime into the well of her heart, closed the lid, and nailed it shut, never to peek inside.

Her dissatisfaction with Roswaal was nothing new. Furthermore, it made sense that Roswaal was the most suitable person to fulfill the conditions for using Clind’s Authority.

Petra: [The Master has many things that seem like they could be given as compensation, like his magic or Magicreation Tools.]

Of course, it was not a matter of lightly relinquishing those things however much just because of their abundance.

It remained unclear whether Od Lagna would consider the degree of emotional attachment in its evaluation, but what had been mentioned was a “possibility” that would have exerted influence upon the world had it not been relinquished. Whatever that might have been Petra did not believe that something lacking emotional attachment could move the world.

――“Possibility”, necessitated passion and emotional attachment.

To offer something bereft of that to try and obtain inexpensive salvation was tawdry, and there was no way such wretched reasoning would ever succeed in regaining something truly important.

That was why Petra――,

Meili: [――I’m willing to offer somethi~ng.]

“Subaru”: [Oi, oi.]

Having reached the same idea as Petra, Meili quietly murmured. While the Imaginary Subaru blinked in astonishment, Meili continued with an “After a~ll”,

Meili: [Going back to it, the fact that I’m alive is all thanks to onii-san and the others letting me off the hoo~k. I’m not trying to repay that favor or anythi~ng, but it’s pretty straightforward logic I suppo~se.]

“Subaru”: [Petra, stop this girl… Stop Meili! I don’t know what went on between the me of the present and her, but I would’ve never saved her with that intention!]

Petra: [Mhm, you’re right.]

What the Imaginary Subaru was saying, his expression shifting, she could readily accept.

Subaru saving Meili had not been something so calculated as to make her exert herself or compel her to repay the favor at some point, it had been simply because he had wanted to save her.

Subaru would surely never let Meili close the door on her possibilities.

Petra: [You can’t, Meili-chan. The most valuable among everything that you can offer is your Divine Protection that controls Witchbeasts, and without that, you’re worthless.]

Meili: [He~y! Petra-chan, you’re being so mea~n!]

Petra: [Sorry. Worthless is a bit too far. Meili-chan, you’d be reduced to just being cute.]

Truth be told, Subaru, Emilia and everyone else would likely say that was still fine. However, Meili, of all people, could not accept becoming just a cute girl.

Petra was painfully aware of this. ――Cute girls could not remain just as cute girls, as much as everyone around them would think.

???: [――Petra-sama, Meili-sama.]

Suddenly, a voice startled them, and Petra and the others turned around toward the dragon carriage. There, jumping down the carriage and rushing towards them, was a girl’s―― Flam’s figure.

During their travel across the Augria Sand Dunes, she had spontaneously lost her consciousness, but had now woken up. The circumstances behind Flam losing her consciousness had been tied to her Divine Protection――,

Petra: [Flam-chan, thank goodness you’re awake――]

Flam: [The conditions for using the Divine Protection of Mindspeak have been met. I can contact my sister… Grassis. Communication should be possible with Felt-sama and Rachins-sama as well.]

Petra: [――――]

Rather than ascertaining safety and well-being, prioritizing quickly relaying her own situation was Flam.

That she must have wanted to establish contact with her people in regards to Reinhard and the Witch of Envy clashing immediately after waking up, yet withstood the urge to was something only to be grateful for.

Unquestionably, after receiving communication from Flam and learning of the frenzy that Al had enkindled, the Felt Camp would also be in the position to move the situation towards its resolution.

“Subaru“: [With Reinhard unable to move, there’s no telling how much we could rely on Felt or Rom-jii…]

Petra: [――. No. We shouldn’t be stubborn about doing this on our own.]

“Subaru“: [Petra…]

Petra: [After all, this is no longer just our problem, it’s a problem for everyone in the Kingdom.]

Al was on a rampage, having captured the persons of Natsuki Subaru and Beatrice―― the situation was no longer a miniscule problem of that kind, but rather had escalated to a national, even a global crisis intertwining the Sword Saint, the Divine Dragon, and the Witch of Envy.

That was why it was important for Petra and the others, who knew the situation best, to spare no expense in conveying information.

Petra: [Flam-chan, find out where Felt-sama and the others are right away. As long as we know where they are, we can join them with Clind-niisama here.]

Flam: [――Hk, understood.]

With Petra arranging the procedure and giving her this instruction, Flam glanced at Clind for a moment, but resisted the urge to ask for more details and immediately agreed.

Instead, Meili tugged at Petra’s sleeves and asked, “Petra-chan?”.

Meili: [We still haven’t finished discussing the compensation to give to Butler-sa~n.]

Petra: [――No, I’ve already made up my mind about that.]

Meili: [Eh~h?]

Meili’s eyes widening at Petra’s answer, the latter gently unfastened Meili’s grip on her sleeve and quickly approached Clind, then glanced at the Imaginary Subaru from the corner of her eye.

Despite knowing that he, who was staring at her actions with incredulity, was simply a convenient illusion for her to see,

Petra: [Cover your ears for a moment.]

In response to Petra’s request, the Imaginary Subaru paused momentarily and meekly obeyed. Once he did plug his ears, Petra stood on her tiptoes and pronounced a “Clind-niisama”. Subsequently, she brought her mouth close to Clind’s ear and softly whispered.

That was――,

Clind: [――――]

Petra: [――So, would that work as compensation?]

As Petra lowered her heels and asked the question in a hushed voice, Clind froze and widened his eyes. Petra tilted her head slightly, making a gesture that pushed on the uppermost bounds of her cuteness, to which Clind let out an exhale.

With a long, deep sigh, he removed his monocle and, with face bared, regarded Petra once more.

Clind: [It ought to be possible. Estimation. However, Petra, that is――]

Petra: [Thank goodness.]

Clind: [――――]

Petra: [I always knew it, though. ――That I had the “possibility” to move the world.]

Puffing out her chest in pride, Petra disallowed Clind from speaking any further.

She had received the answer to a question she could have only posed to Clind. Regardless of what it was, Petra held pride in that answer―― Clind was Clind. His assessment might not have necessarily coincided with Od Lagna’s, but at the very least, Clind had recognized the value of that “possibility”.

Petra: [I’ll offer the compensation, Clind-niisama. Together, we can save the world… No, something like the world doesn’t really matter to me. It’s just, I want to save the people who are precious to me.]

Clind: [――Understood, Petra. Amongst all the girls I have met, you are the bravest. Admiration.]

Clind gave a deep bow, one akin to those he gave to Annerose or Roswaal, or perhaps to people whom he thought to be splendid from the bottom of his heart.

In response, Petra returned a smile and noticed Meili staring at her. Seeing somewhat of an uneasiness in her round eyes, Petra gently embraced her.

Meili: [I don’t really kno~w, but, I’m pretty sure Petra-chan is a huge idio~t.]

Petra: [Hehe, that’s so mean. I’m smart, cute, and cool.]

Petra retorted to Meili’s rude remark and hugged her. Then she looked over her shoulder at the Imaginary Subaru standing there, looking utterly lost.

Finally, the Imaginary Subaru lowered his hands from his ears, his face being so endlessly dear for her to gaze upon; Petra broke past her personal record for maximum cuteness, and declared.

Petra: [Subaru, I love you.]

Translation notes:

[1] Witch “魔女” is put together using the Kanji “魔” and “女” (woman), but Warlock, sometimes used for male holders of Witch Factors, puts together “魔” and “人” (person) to make up “魔人” . Though this can be read as devil without context, Re: Zero uses it to contrast the feminine Witch, and thus it is rendered as Warlock by English standards. The Imaginary Subaru is making a bit of a joke about it not being “魔男”, putting together “魔” and “男” (man), which would literally be a masculine form, but is not a real word and thus comes off a bit odd. This is also why we are sticklers about using “Warlock” rather than the translation of “Devil” given by official translations.

[2] Much like how we used “Tristitia” instead of “Melancholy” at the end of the previous chapter, we’re going with “Vanagloria” instead of “Vainglory” or “Vanity”, as official translations opt for, to align. Seeing as these two Factors are special, we have deemed it logical to group them together in their translations as well, opting for the Latin. Though originally translated as “Vainglory” by SummaryAnon, “Vanagloria” is not so massively different as for us not to say it’s been used for longer, too.

[3] Interestingly enough, the terms used here are the kind of term you’d commonly see used in Japanese games and literature belonging to the fantasy genre, being that “勇者” (lit. “courageous individual”), which you see translated here as “Valiant”, is normally translated as “Hero” or “Brave”, and “聖女”, which you see translated here as “Saintess”, is normally translated as “Saint”. These are typical forefront roles in the party of main characters, typically to go on a large quest to take down some big bad. Take in mind that, to distinguish the former from “英傑”and “英雄”, which you’ll see translated all over the story as “Hero”, we’ve gone for a translation that captures the nuances of courage and valor present in the original Japanese.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Announcement

Witch Cult Translations is pleased to announce that we have entered into a partnership with the /r/rezero subreddit. To our readers that may have come from Reddit, do note that this subreddit is distinct from the one we used to post our announcements on, so we do recommend joining /r/rezero to stay up to date with all the latest Re: Zero translations, including Web Novel, Side Stories, in addition to all the smaller updates and details that you may otherwise be missing. We also announce all our translations on our official Twitter account and our public Discord server.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 34: Attraction ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated by:

Proofreaders:

Japanese to English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Clind’s Teleportation―― which he described as Compression, was something Petra had last experienced about a month ago, and Meili a few days prior.

Petra: [It might be surprising the first time, but there’s no need to be afraid.]

With that, Petra, drawing on her experience, offered the inexperienced Flam some advice.

She worried that without proper warning of what was to come, Flam might panic, but she simply shook her head with a “No,”

Flam: [There is no need to worry, as most surprises cannot surpass those of the young master.]

???: [That guy, even his own Camp treats him like a complete shocker of a human? How crazy is that!?]

Even “Subaru” was astonished by that overly straightforward comment.

However, Petra also knew from Subaru’s memories shared via the Book of the Dead that Reinhard had blown up a building with a single swing of his sword and sent Meili’s sister flying, so she understood Flam’s unusually calm attitude towards the abnormal.

???: [Even if Flam-chan is o~kay, I hope the sleeping Sensei-san doesn’t wake u~p. Little Crimson Scorpion-chan was really panicked the first time Butler-san transported u~s.]

Petra: [That reminds me, is there such a thing as teleportation sickness? When we were in Vollachia, some people were fine with Spica-chan’s Teleportation, but others weren’t.]

Her hair rustling, Meili shrugged, and the little Crimson Scorpion peeked out from inside, raising its pincers as if to imitate its master.

The previous comment reminded Petra of the Teleportation ability of Spica, who had been left behind in the Empire―― whether due to physical constitution, individual strength, or weakness, those who were unable to handle it simply could not. While Petra was on the side of those who could handle it, Garfiel was on the side of those who could not, and would curl up and sulk afterward.

Then, in response to Petra’s question, Clind raised a finger with a “That is interesting. Consideration,”

Clind: [Although the number of times it has been used and the number of people who have tried it are not that many, no one has fallen ill. Reassurance. Strictly speaking, the Authority of Tristitia is not Teleportation, but rather the result of the Compression of the time and distance that would normally be traveled. Abridgment.]

Meili: [I have no idea what that means, no matter how many times I hear i~t.]

“Subaru”: [So, does that mean it’s okay to think of it like King Crimson ? No, it’s unclear whether it erases even the effects in between, so maybe it’s different from King Crimson …] [1]

Petra: [There’s no need to worry about getting sick, and it gives us the power to create the precious time we need. Knowing that is good enough for now.]

Petra came to that conclusion, Meili gave a look of bewilderment, and “Subaru” mused over it in his own way.

She could have understood what “Subaru” meant, but she felt it would have been a waste of time and thought to dwell on the contents of his speech. If she had the time, she would like to confirm all the memories and knowledge that had been poured into her mind and become someone who knew everything about Subaru, but――.

Petra: [Clind-niisama, can I ask you something?]

Far from fulfilling that desire, the time spent on it would have been a waste, and so Petra prompted Clind.

The lens of his monocle glistened, and Clind nodded, “Yes. Timely.” Considering the phenomenon he was preparing to bring about, his attitude was reassuringly calm.

Then, while Petra was admiring that, Meili tugged on her sleeve with a “Hey,”

Meili: [Petra-chan, about the compensation we were talking about earlie~r…]

Petra: [――. It’s okay, Clind-niisama said it was good.]

Meili: [That’s not what I mea~nt… I don’t know the reason myself, but if you have to lose something, Petra-chan, then I don’t like i~t.]

Petra: [Lose something…]

Meili seemed overwhelmed by her emotions, and Petra blinked in surprise at her words.

Her friend’s frank concern along with Clind’s assessment of the compensation she had offered―― the emotions that flooded Petra’s heart at that moment were intensely complex and profound.

With that, Petra smiled at Meili and,

Petra: [Thank you, Meili-chan. But really, I’ll be fine.]

Meili: […If that’s a lie, then you’re terri~ble.]

Petra smiled and nodded at the poorly thought-out threat that had been mustered up after some deliberation.

She gently let go of her sleeve and held her hand close to her chest, then looked for “Subaru”. Petra knew his illusory form would not leave her behind, but it was a matter of principle.

When she spotted his translucent form, “Subaru” was gazing out in the distance at the Sand Sea.

“Subaru”: [If I had been a bit more careful, I wouldn’t have caused you so much trouble.]

In the eastern sky―― where the very air cried out in agony, the sky turned a sickening hue, and the sound of the earth being gouged away roared, there the battle between the Sword Saint and the Witch of Envy raged on.

It was a clash between two immensely powerful entities that would determine the fate of the world. Seeing “Subaru’s” frustrated expression, watching as he lamented his own inadequacy, Petra was overcome with sadness.

Worried about his friend, Subaru did not mention the recent exchange between Petra and Clind, showing respect for Petra’s wishes.

In essence, Petra could not hide anything from him, as he existed within her mind; if he wanted to, he could easily reveal all the information she had kept from him.

However, the Imaginary Subaru did not do so. ――Whether this was due to “Subaru’s” decency and thoughtfulness, or his intention to do as she said, or perhaps because Petra’s self-consciousness, affection, and memories were all muddled together, she could not tell.

However, regardless of which it was, this was what Petra thought.

Whether it was out of consideration or because it was what Petra desired, the way “Subaru” behaved was based on how Petra Leyte saw the real Natsuki Subaru.

With that in mind――,

Petra: [Clind-niisama, if you would be so kind.]

Clind: [――Understood. Commendation.]

Still embracing her love for “Subaru”, Petra gave the signal to Clind.

Petra, Meili, and Flam. With Patrasche pulling the dragon carriage, plus the unconscious Garfiel and Ezzo, there were six people and one dragon in total. ――Adding to that “Subaru” and the little Crimson Scorpion, the group, with the help of Clind, began their journey.

To that end, Petra offered the “compensation” to Od Lagna――,

Petra: [――――]

In an instant, in the literal blink of an eye, the world shifted, and the Compression was finished.

When she closed her eyes and opened them again, the scenery had completely changed. The taste of the air on her tongue and skin and the scent of the world that touched her sense of smell had changed dramatically, and Petra realized the Authority had been used.

Petra: [――――]

For a moment, Petra closed her eyes and thought about the reality of running away.

However, she set aside her sentimentality with a momentary prayer, then focused her attention on the task at hand. From this point on, Petra and her companions could not afford even a single misstep.

Indeed, Petra gathered her resolve and――,

???: [Woah!? Th-the hell’s going on!? A dragon carriage just appeared outta nowhere!?] ???: [I-is it Reinhard!? Something that absurd, only he’d be able to do it!] ???: [Am I still dreaming? Toto! Totooo! Lend me your soft lap!]

???: [Aye, pipe down! What’cha makin’ all this commotion for… Wh-where in tarnation did y’all come on out from!?]

Petra’s enthusiasm was dampened by the noisy and unruly welcome they received at the destination of the Compression.

“Subaru”: [What!? Rom-jii is one thing, but Tonchinkan too!? Tonchinkan! Why are they with him!? How and why !?]

And, the final note to add was that Subaru was the first to respond to the warm welcome, loudly expressing his surprise at such an unexpected turn of events.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Petra-chan! Meili! Are you both okay!?]

Petra: [――Hk.]

“Subaru”: [Emilia-tan…!]

As soon as Petra saw that change in expression and Emilia rushing towards them, Petra experienced sweet feelings erupting from within her heart.

Warm, fuzzy, and sentimental feelings filled her chest to the point it tingled, and her head was overflowing with flowery words praising her beauty and cuteness. Those powerful emotions were not just limited to her appearance, but extended to her mannerisms, her way of speaking, and even the sound of her footsteps.

Petra: [Too blatant… hk.]

Petra’s head reeled from the wave of easy-to-understand, intense emotions that washed over her.

Up until now, the biggest influence of the Book of the Dead was undoubtedly the existence of the Imaginary Subaru, but the shock caused by seeing Emilia was just as great.

Frankly speaking, an overdose of Emiliase might have been life-threatening――,

Petra: [Why am I saying such stupid things? I…!]

Suddenly feeling as if half her consciousness were being taken away, Petra frantically grabbed at her collar, nearly losing sight of what was real, and managed to stay grounded in reality.

As expected, the love for Emilia was overflowing in an excessively bold manner.

That in itself made her feel a little jealous, but more than that, although Petra was happy to see Emilia again, it bothered her that her own precious feelings toward Emilia were being pushed aside, and she found that difficult to accept.

That was why, when Emilia found them and ran up to them with tears in her eyes, her face so beautiful it took Petra’s breath away, Petra resisted the urge to think she was EMT and spread her arms wide.

And then――,

Petra: [Emilia-neetama…!]

Emilia: [Nee-tama!?]

With a grand slip of the tongue, she startled Emilia just as they were about to have their emotional reunion.

She narrowly avoided calling her “Emilia-tan” and tried to correct herself, but missed the mark. It was a blunder very uncharacteristic of Petra.

Regardless――,

Emilia: [But, thank goodness… Both of you actually came.]

Petra: [Yes. I am relieved that you are safe, Emilia-neesama.]

Overcome with emotion, Emilia embraced Petra, who replied and returned her embrace.

In contrast to Petra, Meili, who was also being hugged, reacted awkwardly, gasping, “I can’t brea~the…” and timidly wrapped her arms around Emilia’s back.

“Subaru”: [Woah! It’s such a relief to see Emilia-tan safe and sound! Huh? Has she gotten even cuter since I last saw her? She’s got so much potential!]

While he observed Emilia embracing Petra and Meili from various angles, the floating “Subaru” was overwhelmed with emotion. He was getting a bit too excited. But that was understandable.

After all, given the chronology of the Book of the Dead, the last time “Subaru” had seen Emilia was when she was at her lowest point in the Sanctuary.

Back then, Petra had not been as close to Emilia as she was now, so she would not have been able to help her. If even Petra felt regretful about that, then the frustration that “Subaru” experienced up close back then must have been incomparable.

“Subaru”: [Oh! My goodness, Petra! Look! Emilia-tan is walking so energetically!]

Petra: [Yeah, she’s walking with long strides. That’s great.]

“Subaru”: [I’m relieved…! I’m so relieved…!]

Because of that, Petra hesitated to pour cold water on Subaru’s excitement. While responding appropriately to Subaru’s enthusiasm, Petra quietly savored a sense of relief.

Her relief was due to one thing―― upon seeing Emilia, she was no longer afraid.

Petra: [The last thing I saw in the Book of the Dead…]

Trapped in the endless, obsessive shadows that surrounded them in the Sanctuary, Natsuki Subaru was caught in a web of inescapable torment, and in order to escape the Witch, he had resorted to the method of suicide prepared as a form of harassment.

In that final moment, Subaru=Petra saw it. ――The terrifying Witch of Envy had the same face as the person he greatly cherished.

Petra: [――――]

When she tried to think more thoroughly about the reason, it felt like she was trying to grasp something shrouded in mist, and nothing coherent came to mind. Still, the vivid emotions remained seared into her mind.

That was why she was apprehensive about seeing Emilia again. ――No, that was not quite right. To be precise, she was apprehensive that she might not be able to see Emilia in the same way as before.

Petra: [But I’m glad it didn’t end up that way… Although I’m excited in a different way than before.]

Emilia: [Huh? Petra-chan, are you okay?]

Petra: [I’m fine. I’m just happy to see you, Emilia-neesama.]

Petra hid her inner conflict and was genuinely happy to be reunited with Emilia, who smiled with wide eyes. In place of Meili, who continued to be stubborn, the little Crimson Scorpion on her head snapped its pincers, expressing happiness on its master’s behalf.

And then, there was――,

???: [――Just when I thought it was gettin’ lively, you’re here, lass.]

There, a low, husky voice interrupted, and Emilia let out a gasp of surprise.

Emilia had left the door open when she rushed in, and a prominent figure standing there knocked on the door and peered inside.

That figure was――,

Emilia: [Felt-chan’s grandfather!]

Emilia’s eyes widened at the sight of the old man, Rom-jii, who squeezed himself through the doorway. Hearing Emilia’s voice, Rom-jii gave an amused smile and stroked his bald head,

Rom: [The way ya say that makes it sound like ya really think we’re related… Everyone here calls me Rom-jii. But, this is the first chance we’ve had ta talk properly.]

Emilia: [Um, well, I couldn’t talk to you in the castle on the day the Royal Selection began, and when Felt-chan stole my insignia, there was no time to calm down and talk…]

Meili: […You don’t have to worry so much. I understand the circumstances, so it’s oka~y.]

Emilia greeted Rom-jii, and as she responded to his greeting, she seemed to be worried about Meili in her arms. Meili responded with an attitude that was half annoyed and half appreciative of the concern.

The current exchange between the two of them was regarding Emilia’s connections with Rom-jii. ――She was concerned about the fact that Meili’s older sister, Elsa, was involved in the previous incident where Felt had stolen an insignia that qualified Emilia to participate in the Royal Selection from her.

When thinking about it, these three people had quite a strange connection. If “Subaru” were to be included, it would be four people with a strange connection. If Reinhard were to also be included, there would be no end to it.

Rom: […Callin’ ya “lass” seems inappropriate, given yer current position. May I call ya Emilia?]

Emilia: [Yes, that’s fine. Nice to see you again, Rom-jii.]

“Subaru”: [Wow… It feels like a historic moment, these two actually introducing themselves properly.]

Petra: [Don’t be so dramatic.]

As Emilia and Rom-jii shook hands and exchanged pleasantries, Petra found it funny that Subaru would use such a grand word like “historic”.

While there was undoubtedly a sense of poignancy, the way he put it made it sound like he had witnessed the reunion of two people who had not seen each other in over ten years.

But, putting “Subaru’s” excitement aside for now――,

Emilia: [I’ve heard about Felt-chan, too. It must have been quite a difficult time for you and the others, right, Rom-jii?]

Rom: [Hmm, that’s right. We should talk ’bout that. Petra.]

Petra: [Yes. It will probably take a little while for Clind-niisama to return, so I think we can start without him… It is a race against time after all.]

Petra added the last part, and Emilia and Rom-jii nodded deeply at the same time.

Yes, this was a race against time. That was why Petra and the others resorted to using unfair tactics.

――Currently, Petra and the others were gathered at the Royal Residence in the Royal Capital of Lugunica.

Among the Emilia Camp, whose members were scattered and acting independently, Emilia’s position was clear, and if anyone were to become the central rallying point, it could only be her.

With that in mind, Petra hurried to the Royal Capital after meeting up with Rom-jii and the others using Clind’s Compression, but――,

Rom: [It’s shockin’ ta see the state of destruction in the Royal Capital.]

Meili: [It’s been a while since I’ve been to the Royal Capital, but when I last saw it, it wasn’t so ruined, and I don’t think there were any works of art like tha~t.]

Rom-jii spoke with his arms crossed, and Meili, who was looking out the window, joined in.

Unlike the two with prior experience, this was Petra’s first time in the Royal Capital. Fortunately, the memory she had just recalled of the loot house was located in the slums of the Royal Capital, so she was able to compare it with her memories of the Royal Capital from the past, when it was still intact.

Certainly, the Royal Capital in her memory did not have many flashy ice towers, and the Noble District, with its rows of stately houses, was not in such disarray.

Rom: [I never liked that awful place, but I never thought the Noble District’d be completely destroyed like that. I heard that everyone was evacuated, but still, this is outrageous.]

Petra: [Meili-chan also said that Emilia-neesama made those ice towers, right?]

Emilia: [Ah, um, well, there was a reason I did that! Everyone was reaaally in danger, and I couldn’t afford to hold back…!]

Emilia frantically tried to explain the drastic changes to the Royal Capital that could be seen from the Royal Residence, which had barely escaped damage.

Petra found her frantic movements endearing, and worked with Rom-jii to sort out what had happened one thing at a time――,

Petra: [――So, as expected, Al-san did it.]

Emilia: […That’s right. The city was thrown into chaos, all because I couldn’t stop Al.]

Petra: [It’s not your fault, Emilia-neesama. Had you not created those ice towers, the people of the Royal Capital would’ve been in big trouble… that’s why you are E.M.G. (Emilia-tan is seriously a Guardian Angel) !] [2]

Emilia: [Yeah, Petra-chan, thank you… huh? Wait, what did you just say?]

When Emilia blamed herself, Petra shook her head vigorously to deny that she was responsible.

Having heard that Al and Volcanica were involved, if anything, Petra felt responsible herself for the devastation that struck the Royal Capital of Lugunica. She could not help but think that if Al’s schemes had been stopped at their source in the Pleiades Watchtower, none of this would have happened.

Meili: [If you start talking like that, there will be no end to i~t. Each of us got outsmarted by Helmet-san at every ste~p. It’s Helmet-san and his group who were at fault, don’t you thi~nk?]

Rom: [That’s right. It’s good ta reflect on yer shortcomin’s in order ta make up for ’em, but regrettin’ yer lack of ability ain’t productive. It’s an old man’s rule of thumb.]

Emilia: [――. Yeah, you’re both right. Al did something bad, and he’s the one who has to take responsibility for it. We don’t have time to feel sorry for ourselves!]

Emilia’s cheeks tightened at Meili and Rom-jii’s words, and she regained her composure. Seeing Emilia’s reaction, Petra let out a small sigh and braced herself.

Just as everyone had said, weakness disguised as reflection was a bad habit. There was always a path forward.

“Subaru”: [Al must think the same way… Otherwise, he wouldn’t have crossed the line to break a Sin Archbishop out of prison. What in the world was he thinking?]

“Subaru” picked up on Petra’s feelings and grimaced at Al’s outrageous behavior in the Royal Capital.

In fact, it was an outrageous act of terrorism to use Volcanica to cause massive damage to the Royal Capital, but that paled in comparison to his real objective―― breaking Gluttony out of prison.

The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, who held a deep connection to Petra and the others, had been allowed to escape.

Rom: [Just listin’ all the things that man has done is mind-bogglin’. He attacked those connected ta the Royal Candidates ‘n kidnapped one of their Knights. He turned Volcanica, the Divine Dragon ‘n protector of the Kingdom, against ‘em ‘n used the Witch of Envy ta prevent the Sword Saint from takin’ action. Furthermore, he took one of the Royal Candidates hostage ‘n invaded the Royal Capital, where he destroyed half of the Noble District ‘n freed an imprisoned Sin Archbishop.]

“Subaru”: [Damn, isn’t that something? How many years in prison would that get him?]

Petra: [He’d probably get the death penalty a hundred times over…]

Once again, the number and severity of Al’s―― no, of Al and his accomplices’ crimes were extraordinary.

It seemed as if he was determined to commit every evil deed in the world, but Petra believed that this was done not out of sheer recklessness, but rather something premeditated.

Yes, Al had a proper plan, and he was taking the necessary steps to achieve it, which just happened to be a series of crimes that were each close to being the crime of the century.

Meili: [Maybe it would have been better to reconsider a plan that required the involvement of a Sin Archbishop in the first pla~ce?]

Emilia: [There’s also the Witch of Envy, so there’s no excuse…]

To begin with, Petra had no reason to make excuses on his behalf.

Based on the impression given by the Book of the Dead, Subaru considered Al to be someone from his hometown―― someone he did not necessarily dislike, but he clearly went way beyond what was forgivable.

In that regard, it would have been fair to say that this was the shared opinion of everyone gathered here―― no, everyone involved, including those who were not here.

Petra: [Right now, Clind-niisama is going around to gather everyone else and bring Frederica-neesama and the others here. Emilia-neesama, where is Otto-san?]

Emilia: [――Ah! Um, well, about Otto-kun.]

Petra: [That reaction tells me everything. He’s being reckless again.]

Emilia: [Ugh… yeah, that’s right. I’m sorry I couldn’t stop him.]

Slumping herself down, Emilia cast her eyes downward, ashamed of herself. But, Emilia was not the one at fault. If anyone were to be blamed, it would be Otto, and in this case, he was not entirely at fault either.

Among the members of the camp, Otto regularly acted recklessly; Petra, Frederica, and the others always told him he ought to take a break, but this time, that advice was not applicable.

In fact, Otto, who wielded the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language, was far too reliable in this situation.

Petra: [Using insects and birds for reconnaissance and espionage, huh? That Divine Protection sure has a lot of devious uses… but, that means undertaking a lot of labor in return.]

Meili: [Ara~, that’s exactly right. You can tell Hat-oniisan is a worri~er just by looking at him.]

Rom: [I’ve been around for a while, but I ain’t never heard of the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language. The fact that I’ve never heard of such a useful Divine Protection’s gotta be because no one who’s had it has lived long enough for people ta hear ’bout it.]

Meili chuckled, but Petra could not help but agree with Rom-jii’s grim speculation.

It was true that overusing the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language was dangerous to one’s health, and Petra had also witnessed Otto suffering from nosebleeds after using his Divine Protection excessively in the Empire.

That, too, was out of necessity due to the demands of war, where there was no room for half measures.

Emilia: [He was worried about Subaru and the others, but he was especially concerned about Garfiel… he was reaaally determined to do something about it.]

Petra: [“Ottobro asked my amazin’ self to do this, ‘n I messed it up…”. Those two are so much alike.]

Meili: [Petra-chan, that was a surprisingly good impersona~tion!]

Regardless of Emilia and Meili’s surprised reactions, it was easy to imagine Otto and Garfiel wanting to do something reckless in such a situation.

Still in a comatose state, Garfiel had been left in the care of the Royal Capital’s Medical Center, but caution had to be taken to ensure that he would not blame or hurt himself once he regained consciousness.

Petra: [I hope Frufoo-chan will be able to keep Otto-san calm.]

With that, Petra worried about the well-being of the absent Otto.

No matter what sort of insect or animal he attempted to communicate with, Otto himself had to be present to interpret the information gathered. For this reason, Otto was tracking Al’s gang on his own―― or rather, with his long-time partner and beloved dragon, Frufoo.

“Subaru”: [Otto… I’m afraid he’ll mess up at a crucial moment, and I don’t know how much I’ll be able to rely on him.]

Petra: [If Otto-san were to hear that, he’d probably have the angriest face ever.]

Subaru had a tendency to take everything on by himself. Not just Otto, but anyone in the camp would be angry if they were told that; but, Petra thought Otto would be the most frightening.

Nevertheless, it was true that Otto should not bear this burden alone. If Clind could have brought Ram along, they could have shared the burden with the help of her Clairvoyance.

And then, just as she thought that, Petra suddenly remembered.

Petra: [Hey, Emilia-neesama, there’s something I wanted to ask you]

Emilia: [Hm? What is it, Petra-chan?]

Petra: [I don’t know if you’ve noticed, Emilia-neesama, but on the way here, Meili-chan and I suddenly started feeling sick…]

The question Petra had asked related to the events which occurred just after Flam had used the Divine Protection of Mindspeak with her sister Grassis in order to locate Rom-jii and the others, and as they were discussing rushing to the Royal Capital. ――Suddenly, Petra’s entire body broke out in goosebumps, and she was struck by an unsettling feeling within her heart.

Petra was so shocked, she had wondered if it was a side effect of the Book of the Dead, or if Reinhard had lost and the Witch of Envy was coming for her; but, Meili was experiencing the same sensation, so they concluded that it was neither.

Petra: [But, given the situation, right? Flam-chan and Rom-ojiisan weren’t affected, but Meili-chan, Clind-niisama, and I all felt it. In this case, I thought it might not be entirely unrelated to Al-san… Emilia-neesama?] [3]

It was an unusual situation, and even after discussing it with Meili and Clind, they had arrived at no conclusion.

Upon seeing Emilia’s reaction, Petra stopped sharing this potentially sensitive information. Emilia was staring intently with her beautiful amethyst eyes, her cheeks stiffening.

It was clear from her reaction that she understood what was said.

Emilia: […That reaaally creepy feeling, it’s probably the work of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony.]

“Subaru”: […Did she say… Gluttony?]

Meili: [U~gh, it felt aw~ful.]

Subaru frowned at the mention of a Sin Archbishop, one of their most hated enemies, and Meili stuck out her tongue. Petra also put her hand on her chest, motioning with her eyes, prompting Emilia to continue.

Emilia: [I’m not exactly sure what happened. But Al made Gluttony… Roy, do something, and then I suddenly felt sick and while my vision was spinning…]

Petra: [Al-san and Gluttony both got away?]

Emilia: [Yes, that’s right.]

Emilia’s shoulders slumped dejectedly, as she weakly nodded.

In response to Emilia’s reply, Petra glanced at Rom-jii, and the wise old man in charge of the Felt Camp stroked his head with his large hand and said,

Rom: [When this was just ‘bout Petra ‘n Meili, I was thinkin’ it was just some kinda misunderstandin’, but with Emilia feelin’ the same way on top of that, ‘n Gluttony bein’ involved, I don’t have a good feelin’ ’bout this.]

Petra: [What do we have in common…? We’re all Emilia-neesama’s allies, maybe?]

Meili: [It would be easier to figure out if Fang-oniisan was awake, or if Hat-oniisan wasn’t keeping quiet over there, or if Subaru-oniisan hadn’t been captu~red.]

“Subaru”: [Including the current me, we’re three idiots with bad timing …]

As Petra had predicted, Al was involved, but the fact that Gluttony was also involved made the uncertainty surrounding the unknown attack even more dire. ――Leaving Spica behind in the Empire had begun to feel like a mistake.

Spica, too, despite her many trials and tribulations, was one of the Sin Archbishops of Gluttony――,

Petra: [No, no, I shouldn’t think like that. I’m not the Master.]

What could be done and what could not be done, what would be useful and what would not.

If she were to start to determine a person’s value from that perspective, she would quickly become like Roswaal. Insight could be honed as much as one liked, but it was essential to be cautious to avoid losing one’s humanity.

Rom: [For now, let’s just be aware of Gluttony’s actions. So, accordin’ ta yer Internal Affairs Minister, their destination is…]

Emilia: [――Kararagi, the Grand Mogolade Geyser.]

Rom-jii attempted to change the direction of the conversation to move away from the inconclusive discussion, and Emilia picked up on his words.

That was the final destination of Al and his accomplices, and the circumstances that led to this discovery were――,

Rom: [They took Felt, ‘n she left behind a message for ya guys. I trust Felt completely, but I’m unsure ‘bout ya.]

Emilia: [You mean Otto-kun? I believe in him not just a hundred times, but a million times over.]

Petra: [Emilia-neesama, you’re talking about quantity, but it’s supposed to be a percentage. Still, it sounds cool.]

Emilia’s answer, which was not bound by the concept of percentages, warmed Petra’s heart, while Rom-jii and Meili looked on with wry smiles.

But Emilia answered Rom-jii’s questions thoroughly, which was typical of her.

“Subaru”: […You’re not just cute, you’ve gotten incredibly strong, Emilia-tan.]

Subaru stared at Emilia with a look of wonder.

The fact that this “ Subaru “ was from the middle of solving the issues in the Sanctuary made it difficult for him to understand how Emilia had managed to grow and become so amazing.

She wanted to tell him.――That the Emilia of today had been forged in a three-legged race together with Subaru.

Petra: [No, there’s Beatrice-chan too, so it’s a four-legged race … if that’s the logic, then I want to join too, and Garf-san will get sulky if you don’t include him. Meili-chan, what about you?]

Meili: [What are you talking abou~t? It’s kind of scary when you suddenly start talking like Subaru-oniisa~n.]

“Subaru”: [That’s definitely something I would say, but Meili seems to understand it a bit too well, don’t you think?]

With a touch of lingering deep emotion, “Subaru” gave a wry smile at Petra and Meili’s conversation.

Regardless, Rom-jii seemed to be satisfied with Emilia’s answer, and it was shared that Al and his companions’ final destination was indeed the Grand Mogolade Geyser.

To be honest, she did not know what was in that place, but――,

Emilia: [Since we know where they are going, we should be able to get there first with Clind-san’s help.]

Petra: [――. Right. Rom-ojiisan, Tonchinkan-san and the others are…]

Rom: [At present, everyone except the seriously injured shoulda entered the nearby town as instructed. That Clind boy… we can’t overuse his power, ain’t that right? We’ll plan accordingly.]

Rom-jii shrugged his broad shoulders, showing his understanding of Clind’s Authority without asking for further explanation.

Thanks to the “compensation” offered by Petra, the restrictions binding Clind’s Authority, Compression, were lifted. However, depending on the number of times it was to be used and the number of people involved, even that would become unable to completely cover the cost. First, they would need to prepare the field with the fewest number of people, then they would deploy as many people as possible once they had finished assessing the situation.

Thanks to the reckless actions of Otto, a ray of hope appeared in the midst of the preparations.

Furthermore, the more information they gathered about what sort of lineup Al and his party planned to arrive with before reaching their final destination, the better.

That was when――,

???: [――The means to accomplish those goals are already in our hands. Opportunity.]

Hearing that voice, Petra and the others turned around in unison, seeing the person whom they had been waiting for. Clind bowed, taking in their full attention. It was exactly the person they had wanted to talk to.

Emilia’s expression brightened up as she exclaimed, “Clind-san!”, as if he had been waiting for the perfect moment,

Emilia: [Thank you for bringing Petra-chan and the others. Thanks to you, we were able to reunite properly.]

Clind: [I require no thanks. I returned to Mirula on my own accord, and it was Petra’s support that enabled me to meet your expectations. Encouragement. More importantly, my apologies for returning late. Remorse.]

Petra: [I don’t think you are particularly late, but did something happen? Clind-niisama?]

Clind slowly shook his head in apology, and Petra tilted her head in confusion.

Certainly, considering the nature of Compression, it could be said that Clind took some time to arrive at the Royal Residence. However, there must have been a need to explain the situation to the other parties at the pick-up location, so it did not seem like something that would warrant an apology for being late.

Perhaps it was a manifestation of his perfectionism, a trait of someone who was good at his job. Clind looked at Petra while she was thinking this, and said, “No. Negative,”

Clind: [As for the reason for the delay, rather than explaining it in words, it would be best for you all to experience it firsthand, as this would be the quickest and most reliable way to understand. Personal experience.]

“Subaru”: [Firsthand?]

Petra: [Experience?]

Petra and “Subaru” tilted their heads at the unnatural choice of words used to explain his tardiness.

Emilia and Meili seemed to have the same question, and Rom-jii, who was in the most objective position, crossed his arms and watched with interest to see what would happen.

Then, as everyone watched, Clind moved to the side of the room’s entrance,

???: [Ha. Kept you waiting, huh?]

With a dignified presence, a maid with pink hair strode boldly into the room, her brashly arrogant behavior perfectly suited to her―― it was none other than Ram.

The woman Clind had retrieved and rejoined with was wearing a maid outfit for the first time in a while, and Petra, who was also a maid, felt quite nostalgic for the uniform, since it had been a long time since she had been able to wear one.

However――,

Emilia: [Ram, you came, ah…?]

Emilia was about to run up and greet Ram in her maid uniform with a smile, but her words were cut off. She stopped in her tracks, and the hand that had been reaching out to take Ram’s hand was pressed against her own forehead.

Emilia: [Uh, um.]

Emilia let out a confused-sounding voice.

Although she should have been worried about what had suddenly happened, Petra was unable to do so. This was because Petra, like Meili and Emilia, was racked by the same indescribable feeling.

Petra: [This, is――]

The moment Petra saw Ram, she was overcome by a massive, inexplicable, indescribable feeling of turmoil welling up from inside.

Petra felt an unbridled enigmatic feeling similar to the nausea she had described earlier, which had been attributed to Gluttony. However, while she had felt strong malice in that previous instance of discomfort, she did not feel anything of the sort this time.

This was not like that, but rather a different, stronger, more powerful attraction―― seeing Ram in a maid uniform brought out something intense from within.

And the answer to that attraction appeared immediately behind Ram.

It was――,

???: [――Apologies for being late to join you, Emilia-sama.]

With that, a blue-haired maid dressed in the same maid uniform as Ram stood beside her and performed a graceful curtsy.

Of course, it was a familiar face. However, as far as Petra knew, she was not in a position to perform with such perfect manners and wear a maid’s uniform. ――No, that was not right either.

Once again, and again, and again, her perception changed.

No. That was not right. It was absurd to think that she lacked the knowledge and manners of a maid. After all, she was the first person in this world to show Natsuki Subaru and Petra, who still had been a village girl at that time, what it meant to be a proper maid.

That attraction reminded Petra Leyte of this.

Namely, the one who stood there was――,

???: [To get back that person… no, Subaru-kun, Rem will use any means necessary.]

Yes, the Roswaal mansion’s original versatile helpful maid, known for her polite but sharp tongue, Rem, looked straight ahead with her pale-blue eyes as she declared so.

Translation Notes:

[1] King Crimson is a reference to an ability from Jojo’s Bizarre Adventure Part 5.

[2] Emilia-tan Maji Guardian Angel (E.M.G) with Guardian Angel being rendered in English.

[3] Clarification: Petra is being very polite with the use of “お爺さん” (Ojiisan), the nuance being different from that of other characters like Meili, who also use Ojiisan. This is also more polite than Subaru’s use of “爺さん” (Jiisan) for Rom in arcs one and three, which has been historically translated to “Old man.”

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Announcement

Witch Cult Translations is pleased to announce that we have entered into a partnership with the /r/rezero subreddit. To our readers that may have come from Reddit, do note that this subreddit is distinct from the one we used to post our announcements on, so we do recommend joining /r/rezero to stay up to date with all the latest Re: Zero translations, including Web Novel, Side Stories, in addition to all the smaller updates and details that you may otherwise be missing. We also announce all our translations on our official Twitter account and our public Discord server.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 35: The Awakening Star ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――When Rem returned to the Roswaal Manor, she was unable to regain any sensation of “coming back home” whatsoever.

???: [Rem, do you see it? That is the mansion belonging to Roswaal-sama, the place where Ram and the others are employed.]

Rem: [Our… workplace…]

As Ram indicated the picturesque scenery endued by rays of the sun falling bright, a sight visible from the window of the dragon carriage, Rem’s pale-blue pupils blinked and her eyelids quivered at Ram’s words.

They had shared a dragon carriage and headed towards the Industrial City of Costuul, and it had been a while since they boarded the dragon carriage prepared there for their return journey to drop them off―― what entered her sight was her Home, absent in recollection.

A towering gate, and beyond it, a splendid mansion. The Roswaal mansion, with greater extravagance than even the Berstetz residence she had sojourned in with Katya in the Vollachian Imperial Capital, was a building with elegance incapable of being forgotten after a single glimpse.

Yet――,

Ram: [Well?]

Rem: […I apologize, Nee-sama.]

Rem, spiritless, shook her head and apologized for failing to respond to her elder sister’s hopes.

Rem had made the journey thus far apart from Subaru or Emilia and the others who had to move separately towards separate goals, and had made her way back to the mansion with Ram. Having anticipated witnessing many things that would stimulate her memories, yet none so far had managed to bestow truth to that anticipation.

And it seemed that the mansion was no exception, the same mansion so valuable to Rem and Ram.

Ram: [I see. But, it can’t be helped. After all, it was quite a while ago that Ram and Rem worked in this mansion, and the mansion deeply memorable to Rem is not in this place.]

Rem: [Huh!?]

Ram: [Incidentally, the previous mansion was lit aflame by a vexed Otto and therefore is no longer extant. Would’ve thought of taking a detour to visit it had it remained not ashen to the ground.]

Rem: [Otto-san did… yet he didn’t seem to be a person of such kind.]

Rem’s eyes gyrated at the appended report, with further bewilderment at the information about Otto that Ram had recited.

The Internal Affairs Minister of the camp, Otto was a mild-mannered person, an inseparable friend and ally to Subaru, and a completely sleepless individual according to Petra and Frederica. The information of him furthermore setting the mansion ablaze in vexation, detracted from his character.

It might have been, as they say, that people do not match their appearances, and it might have been a good thing to accept that now.

Rem: [Including that person, are Emilia-san’s allies all a gathering of such people? Like Garfiel, and Roswaal-san too…]

Ram: [It’s, Roswaal-sama.]

Rem: […Roswaal-sama too.]

Ram: [Good girl. But, to group Roswaal-sama together with those three, bad girl, Rem. Roswaal-sama is wise and proficient, the person said to be the most excelling magician in this world. Compared to him, those three, they’re the worth of one person when you put all three of them together… no, about the worth of half a person.]

Rem: [Half a person as three people together…]

Imagining Otto, Garfiel, and finally Subaru riding atop each other’s shoulders, Rem then arranged Roswaal, capable of flying via magic, beside the three in her mind. And upon lining them up, albeit Rem was ignorant of what difference would lie between them, it seemed Ram’s say was not mistaken.

Even now with null prospects of her memories returning, for Rem, the faith and endearment she felt coming from the familiarity she could feel from Ram, her twin elder sister, that alone was indubitably genuine.

――For that was the definitive nexus, which connected the Rem of the past with the present.

Rem: […That manner of thinking, will purchase a scolding from Priscilla-san.]

Bitter sentiments surfacing in her mind, Rem recollected the gaze of a woman, fiery scarlet in hue.

She, who had engraved a marked impact onto Rem’s way of thinking and progressing, would never bless a bearing of fixating and clinging onto the past. In the same way, she would never favor a Rem flattered by Ram, entrusting herself to the nectar of faith.

Rem did not wish to be disliked by Priscilla, nor did she wish to walk an ashamed path of life.

Hence, she reprimanded her heart verging on pessimism, slapped her cheeks, and lifted her visage.

Rem: [But Nee-sama, going by this, then wouldn’t that mean there won’t be many paths to my memories’ return, even upon returning to that mansion?]

Ram: [Huhu, swift grasp. An astute little sister makes Ram proud as well.]

Rem: [No, not at all… I do not think that is anything deserving of such praise from you, Nee-sama…]

Ram: [However, just whose elder sister do you think the Ram standing here is? Do you think Ram, Rem’s Nee-sama, would make such an oversight?]

With her hand on her chest, Ram declared so with a visage brimming in confidence.

Rem earnestly shamed her own misapproximated worries at Ram’s bold utterance. Ram had foreseen it without needing to be told by Rem.

What roused curiosity, then, were Ram’s ideas――,

Rem: [If we are returning to the mansion, yet that itself is not the goal, then… is the goal, a person?]

Ram: [Who knows. Whether your answer is correct… you will be able to ascertain soon.]

Ram smiled at Rem’s estimation, as the dragon carriage stopped at roughly the same time.

Feeling the jolting long kept at bay by the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion, Rem was shaken as Ram stood up and gallantly proffered her hand to her.

Ram: [Well then, we’ve arrived. Let’s go.]

Rem: [――Yes, Nee-sama.]

Taking Ram’s hand, Rem restrained her chest, faintly jouncing in anxiety, and dismounted from the dragon carriage.

As Ram spoke to the driver who had carried them thus far, Rem took a step forward from the dragon carriage and captured in her view the mansion and the serene front garden beyond the bars of the iron gate.

Rem: [This place is…]

As Rem narrowed her pale-blue eyes, the mansion reflected within her pupils, indeed, she possessed no recollection of.

Nevertheless, apprehending the attentive management that reached the building and flower beds, the hedges, and every nook and cranny that shaped the mansion, she inadvertently straightened her posture.

Regardless of the presence or absence of her memories, if Rem were to abide in this mansion hereon, then her position would surely be that of a servant like Ram and Frederica.

???: [Rem, you should just live a healthy and carefree life every day.]

For a moment, the impression of Subaru vocalizing this came to mind, but Rem forcibly repelled this over-indulging phantom.

Subaru, for certain, would likely say something along those lines, but he was toiling at something else at this moment.

Incomparable to Rem, right now, in order to console the one who sustained lacerations on his heart from losing Priscilla, he was――,

???: [――Oh? Oh, oooh, ooooh!]

Hearing a sudden bellow, Rem drew back with an “Eek!”.

She could tell the voice came from beyond the bars, that was to say, from the grounds of the mansion. ――Present there was the form of a young girl, her miniature hands gripping the bars, eyes wide and frozen steady.

Adorable features, adorned with long, pink hair. Height seeming to indicate about eleven or twelve years of age and a black garb enveloping her entire body save for her head, the young girl widened her spherical eyes and fixed her gaze upon Rem.

Rem had recollections, of this girl. ――From the vortex of the cataclysm within the Empire.

Rem: [Y-You are… the Witch who brought on the Great Disaster!]

Ram: [Ah, Ryuzu-sama, thank you for the welcoming.]

She shuddered in fear, as the bearer of the Great Disaster extended a finger towards her.

Beside Rem’s horror at the sudden, implausible reunion with the disaster, Ram swiftly stepped forward and spoke to the girl. Rem turned towards Ram with a “Huh?” at her prosaic behavior, and the Witch also scowled at her in a snap,

Ryuzu: [Ram! You’re home. You’re home but… you’re a quick one!]

Ram: […Are you asking Ram to pick you up the way Garf and Frederica do, Ryuzu-sama?]

Ryuzu: [That ain’t what I’m sayin’! Puttin’ that ‘side, that girl…]

Rem: [Nee-sama, who is this person…]

The Witch who had plotted the ruin of the Empire, her name being Sphinx.

However, Ram referred to the girl before her eyes with a disparate name―― Ryuzu. Ryuzu’s line of sight once again on her, Rem perplexedly glanced at Ram.

At the reaction of the two, Ram gently placed her hand atop Rem’s shoulder,

Ram: [Kindly give your name to her.]

Rem: [――――]

Despite the absence of even a minimal explanation, Ram’s calm timbre marvelously soothed Rem’s roiled heart. Her disarray naturally coming undone, Rem turned towards Ryuzu.

Stabilising her breath, and steadily gazing into her opponent’s eyes,

Rem: [――I’m Rem. Am I right to assume that you are… Ryuzu-san?]

Ryuzu: […I, see. Yeah. Hm, yeah. I’m Ryuzu, Rem.]

Rem gave her name and enquired hers, to which Ryuzu momentarily had a distant glint in her eye, then softly nodded.

From her response, Ram’s attitude, and the fact that she was on the premises of Roswaal’s mansion, Rem was at last able to harbor conviction that the girl before her and the Witch of the Empire were separate persons.

Rem: [Even so, the resemblance is exceeding…]

Ram: [Yes. There’s a saying that there’s at least three people in the world with a face that resembles yours, but in Ryuzu-sama’s case, there are about ten times that. Hence, also ten times her crudity.] [1]

Ryuzu: [What a detestable thin’ ta say at a moment the elderly’d be gettin’ all emotional.]

Rem alluded to the misleading nature of her appearance, as Ryuzu scolded Ram for her reply.

It was tellable from their exchanges as well, but the two had a fairly relaxed relationship. Judging from Ryuzu’s attitude, she must have also been someone who had a deep relationship with the Rem of the past.

Rem: [Forgive me. But, I don’t remember anything.]

Ryuzu: [No matter no matter, ain’t nothin’ ta be apologisin’ fer. I am――]

Ram: [――Ram’s little sister. She has the same hair color as Ram, after all.]

Rem: [Th-that’s true…! Huh, but if she is Nee-sama’s little sister, then that means…]

Ram interrupted Ryuzu and divulged a shocking truth. Her breath taken away by stupefaction, Rem compared Ram and Ryuzu, deeming a convincibility in their hair colors.

However, Ram and Rem were supposed to be twins, so inevitably, Rem and Ryuzu’s relation would come down to being――,

Rem: [Also my… little sister…?]

Ryuzu: [Cut th’ cackle, Ram! This’s what ‘m sayin’! ‘S the bad influence of Lil’ Ros ‘n Lil’ Su!]

Ram: [To enumerate them as equals? Even you, Ryuzu-sama, have things you are and aren’t allowed to do.]

Ryuzu: [Ain’t somethin’ ya should be sayin’ with that tone!]

The brows of her cute face upraised, Ryuzu yelled aloud, to which Ram furrowed her eyebrows. Watching the quarrel between the two, Rem finally gauged that Ram had spoken in jest.

Rem: [Now that I think of it, it would certainly be strange for Nee-sama to address Ryuzu-san with ‘-sama’ if she were mine or Nee-sama’s little sister.]

Ryuzu: [In that case, ya could mistake ’em fer a father or mother, dependin’ on the situation, leavin’ the possibility of them bein’ a blood sister ta an important someone. Can’t say that’s some kinda perfect rebuttal.]

Rem: [That is also true… Then, you really are mine and Nee-sama’s…?]

Ryuzu: [Nah. Don’t’cha mistake it fer anythin’ but a bad joke of Ram’s. Seriously, what a headache.]

Ryuzu heaved a heavy sigh, to which Ram had her tongue slightly peeking out.

She had been played like a fiddle it seemed, but thinking back to it even along their journey to this place, Ram had quite often stumped Rem in her playfulness, and in doing so granted her salvation.

For Rem, quick to drown for the slightest of reasons, Ram’s way, abounding in conviction and humor, was truly akin to the warmth of the sun.

Rem: [I believe Nee-sama is a wonderful person. Including this playfulness.]

Ryuzu: [From what was informed in the birdmail, ain’t been too many days since ya reunited, yet ta ‘ve tamed her this much…]

Ram: [“Tame her” is a boorish way to put it. It was simply devoted sincerity and love.]

Ryuzu: [Fer that, you’re frolicin’ too much ta an uncharacteristic level, Ram. Though I do understand yer happiness for bein’ able ta live with yer lil’ sis’ after her finally wakin’ up from her neverendin’ sleep.]

Ram: [――. How cheeky for a mere Ryuzu-sama.]

Ryuzu: [Ya get in attack mode when you’re hidin’ yer embarrassment, so nevermind me, but I wish ya’d have some consideration with Lil’ Gar. Now then…]

Ram faintly frowned. Rem was struck with admiration at the rare state of her elder sister being cornered, when Ryuzu stepped away from the bars after having been leaning upon the iron gate,

Ryuzu: [‘S weird ta keep talkin’ at the gate. I also wanna give a big hug to my granddaughters fer comin’ back safe ‘n sound.]

Rem: [Granddaughters…?]

Ram: [That’s the best joke she could come up with. Kindly laugh for her.]

Ryuzu: [It means that’s how much I think of ya!]

As Ryuzu tapered her lips, Rem’s own lips loosened even through her perplexment. Not because Ram had told her to, it just spontaneously happened in response to Ryuzu’s thoughtfulness.

Above all, for Ryuzu to treat Rem and Ram as granddaughters despite looking younger than them was a truly apocryphal element, even taking her thoughtfulness into account.

Rem: [Beatrice-chan was the same way, but is it the tendency of young children to act older than they are…?]

Ram: [It would seem so. Beatrice-sama’s true self appears when she is atop Barusu’s lap.]

Rem: [Considering her cuteness, I would have to agree.]

Spica was the same way, but it befitted children best to be like children, laughing to their fullest. Not just Beatrice, but if Ryuzu also stopped trying to act older and smiled suitably for her age, just how adorable she would be.

Immersed in these introspections, Rem’s cognizance momentarily paused at what immediately followed.

Ryuzu: [Now then everybody, let’s open the gates.]

Upon apprehending what Ryuzu had vocalized, the iron gate to the mansion slowly began to open.

That, by itself, was good. Without issue. The issue lay beyond the gate’s opening.

???: [――――] ???: [――――]

The gate’s latches unfastened, the gateway opening to the inside―― moving it were several persons abiding by Ryuzu’s calling, each with hair and ornaments that adorned them differing per the respective liking of each, yet all of them wore the same face as Ryuzu.

Namely, those girls possessed an identical visage as the Witch Sphinx――,

Rem: [――eek!!]

Expectably overwhelmed, without curtail, Rem screeched to her limit.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [That scream baffled me, but I understand. Most certainly anyone would be astonished after seeing Ryuzu-sama and her sisters, Pico-sama and the rest.]

Rem: [For you to say that, gives me some relief…]

Rem hung her head in shame before the blonde-haired maid who indicated her sympathy.

The greeting with Ryuzu at the gate, and the frightening affairs that followed―― the entrance of more than ten girls bearing the same face as Ryuzu’s, made her feel incredibly embarrassed for her delirious response to it.

Rem: [Even though Nee-sama had apprised me that the amount of people who had a face identical to Ryuzu-san was three times ten, yet I reckoned she was only joking…]

Ryuzu: [‘S the way Ram spoke, but ya also can’t fault yerself fer thinkin’ that way, Rem. Fer ya ta not think of it as a joke’d be blind belief, ‘n I can’t say I approve of that.]

???: [You speak of it quite nonchalantly, but would it not be good for you to take a look in the mirror yourself as well, Ryuzu-sama? If you continue to cause problems so frequently that it will be impossible to discount them despite your adorable appearance, then it will be about time I took matters in my own hands.]

Ryuzu: [Y-You’re scarin’ me…]

Glowered by those somewhat tranquil eyes, Ryuzu curled up in reflection. This made Rem loosen her lips at last as she corrected her hunched posture.

She had never predicted such a commotion would be stirred up even before she had entered the mansion’s premises, but now that she had been permitted to pass inside, she could not keep moping this way forever.

Although――,

Rem: [I caused you trouble by making a ruckus. Um…]

Sylphy: [――I am Sylphy Elmart. Previously Corneas, but I divorced. I have been entrusted to attend to the mansion during everyone’s absence.]

Rem: [The mansion. Then, were you also a coworker of mine and Nee-sama’s, Sylphy-san?]

Rem inquired of the maid―― Sylphy, who gently lowered her back and bowed.

Albeit a matter of course, it was likely that all of the women who worked at Roswaal’s mansion were acquaintances of Rem. Surely, she must have troubled them owing to her slumber.

However, Sylphy shook her head and denied Rem’s concern with a “No”,

Sylphy: [I am still a newcomer, so I have never worked with Rem-sama and the others. In addition, I have been employed not by the Margrave, but by Miload-sama. Furthermore.]

Rem: [Furthermore?]

Sylphy: [My master is myself alone. And my heart’s master is nobody but Emilia-sama.]

Overawed by Sylphy’s gaze, perfused with potent willpower, Rem’s head unwittingly inclined backward.

The unordinary allegiance Sylphy had attested for Emilia. It could also be discerned from the flawless maintenance of the entry hall, the passageways, and the parlor she was presently in, all of which she had seen on her way around the mansion under Sylphy’s guidance. In accordance with her impression of the mansion from the outside, the professionalism was remarkable.

This work incontrovertibly emanated from the emotions which exalted Emilia as even the master of her heart.

Rem: [Sylphy-san, have you known Emilia-san for a long time?]

Sylphy: [No, it has only been a few months since we met. And that, too, was an exceedingly limited timeframe in which I was able to be in her company personally.]

Rem: [And yet, you devote such emotion?]

Sylphy: [It is what that person did for you, rather than the length of time you spent with them, that determines to what extent that person will comprise your heart, is it not?]

Rem: [That’s…]

Taken aback by the unexpected reply, Rem cast her gaze downward at Sylphy’s subsisting words.

What crossed Rem’s mind in this moment were the figures of people she cherished, Spica and Katya. However, taking also into account that they were relationships Rem had fostered anew without her memories, the time Rem had spent with them was not a great number of days by any measure.

Nevertheless, still, Rem resolutely felt them to be irreplaceable.

What Sylphy had said was correct. ――And, as Rem neared this conviction, a clear image of Subaru’s visage emerged within her mind, making her purse her lips shut.

Sylphy: [Rem-sama?]

Ryuzu: [She must be befuddled. Sylphy, I’m sure I told ya ’bout Rem’s circumstance.]

Sylphy: [You are… correct. My apologies. I lacked forethought.]

Rem: [No, this is not something you need to apologize for. ――It’s simply… my circumstance.]

Ryuzu and Sylphy exchanged glances upon hearing Rem’s reply. Albeit to the heartache of the cordial two, Rem did not wish to speak of her present conflict.

As expressed, it was Rem’s own distress, her own anguish to the very end.

Ram: [――You look downhearted, Rem. Did Sylphy tease you or such?]

Rem: [――――]

Upon the voice abruptly calling for her, Rem raised her face and gazed at the parlor’s entrance. Standing there was Ram, having momentarily parted from her in the middle of guiding her towards the parlor to see to certain business.

As Ram belatedly enjoined them, Rem gulped an inhale with eyes wide at her appearance. ――For Ram stood there in an unfamiliar maid guise.

Rem: [Nee-sama, that attire…]

Ram: [Were you not told so multiple times? Ram is the mansion’s, Roswaal-sama’s maid.]

Rem was inadvertently captivated by Ram, who combed down her pink hair and replied in exuberance. Looking at Ram all the same as Rem, Ryuzu exhaled a jaunty “Ahh”,

Ryuzu: [Been a minute since we seen Ram in this kinda attire, ain’t that so.]

Ram: [Indeed. Ram had been wearing her travel clothing for some time, so it feels refreshing.]

Sylphy: [So refreshing that it would seem some parts of the uniform are disordered in the manner they have been worn. May I fix them?]

Ram: [Is that so? Then you are requested to.]

Beside the mesmerized Rem, Ryuzu was enthralled as Sylphy attentively began assisting with Ram’s dressing. Whilst Sylphy’s hands adjusted her uniform, Ram met Rem’s gaze by closing one eye and winking at her,

Ram: [This is the maid uniform that Ram and Rem wear whilst working in the mansion.]

Rem: […I think it is, wonderful. But…]

Ram: [But?]

Rem: [Doesn’t it expose a bit more skin compared to Sylphy-san’s uniform? Just what difference… could it be, that person was behind it?]

Comparing the maid outfits of Ram and Sylphy, Rem bore this misgiving whilst hugging her own shoulders.

It was a lovely outfit, to be sure, but the discrepancy was much too clear and its intent, unknown. And when she thought back to it, in the Empire, Subaru would often vest convoluted sentiments within her by alluding to Rem’s attire, telling her what would be cuter, what would make her more alluring, et cetera. The memories of those times were resurrected by the uniforms before her eyes.

Rem: [I did think he had an abnormal obsession in even the attire of others, but for it to show up even here…]

Sylphy: […It would seem a misunderstanding has occurred, Ram-sama?]

Ram: [Indeed. Ram personally is not concerned whatsoever by how much Barusu’s repute falls to the gutter in Rem’s mind, but it is unamusing to have credit stolen.]

Rem: [Credit, you say?]

Ram: [Yes. This maid uniform’s alteration was something Ram personally proposed and adjusted. All of it was because… Ram wished to wear a uniform with better mobility? Is what… it was supposed to be?]

Ryuzu: [Where’d that confidence of yers go all of a sudden?]

As Ram’s confidence uncharacteristically wilted by the end of her utterance, Ryuzu tilted her head. Upon Ryuzu’s delineation, Ram muttered “Quite incomprehensible”,

Ram: [To be skeptical of one’s own opinion, how unpleasant. The reason why Ram proposed the uniform’s alteration was, probably, not supposed to be something so randomly offhanded like that.]

Sylphy: [Y-You say that for your own opinion!?]

Ram: [It feels to be a scheme of the uniforms’ provider… It is irksome for being a thought akin to Barusu’s, but if they wanted to make Rem wear a cute uniform, that would be much more convincing.]

Sylphy: [I see, most certainly. I am persuaded.]

One finger on her lips, Sylphy for some reason endorsed Ram’s inference. Judging from the flow of this conversation, Sylphy probably had the urge to dress someone in cute clothes as well.

In reality, in a world where the plural majority of memories surrounding Rem had disappeared, the true nature of Ram’s malaise and the correct answer to it would likely never be known.

Ram: [If so, then Ram will believe what she wishes to believe. Unafraid of what anyone else may ever think, you see.]

Rem: […I’m sure Nee-sama would’ve found Priscilla-sama agreeable as well.]

Albeit confined and small companionships of Rem’s, but as noble and powerful women, Priscilla and Ram had radiant and suspired commonalities. Had Priscilla been alive and well, there would have been a future in which the two would have come to good terms with one another through Rem. Or, they would have collided against one another as natural enemies.

Anyhow, her suspicions towards Subaru concerning the maid uniforms seemed misplaced.

Rem: [But, it’s all because that person is constantly doing such misleading things.]

Ryuzu: [If you’re talkin’ ‘bout Lil’ Su, it’s a pity ya give flak to him.]

Rem: [Ryuzu-san, you’re able to say this because you haven’t witnessed that person say all sorts of nonsense and crossdress as a woman.]

Ryuzu: [To think! Lil’ Su was crossdressin’ even in the Empire! He oughta be learnin’ some manners.]

Sylphy: [Crossdress as a woman? Despite the presence of Emilia-sama’s person? With what purpose? Depending on that answer…]

Ryuzu’s reaction evinced that Subaru truly was a repeat offender. Sylphy expressed a stern displeasure upon hearing this, and Rem was determined to grill him about this once again in her mind.

During this exchange, Sylphy completed her dressing of Ram. Ram swiftly twirled, the hem of her skirt overturning, as she exuberantly stroked her hair upward,

Ram: [Nothing uncomfortable. Good work, Sylphy.]

Sylphy: […Your compliment is an honor, is what I will state for the record.]

Ram: [It’s Ram’s commendation, so kindly accept it without feeling shy. That’s not all. From a cursory glance, you’ve attended to the mansion quite meticulously as well.]

Sylphy: [I did live days of subservience beneath an unsalvageable Husband-sama. Should even a speck of dirt be fallen onto the floor, each wife would bear the corollary of being worthless. Infuriates me to even remember. Although recently, he reaped what he had sown.]

Having corrected Ram’s uniform in an instant, Sylphy spoke of her previous place of employment―― no, her environment, perhaps. It could be glimpsed through her words and conduct how debilitating that place was, to which Rem also felt a great sympathy.

And, before this Rem, with her shift into a flawless maid, Ram gently set a cup of tea.

Ram: [Here, you must be parched after all of Ryuzu-sama and Sylphy’s enquiries.]

Ryuzu: [Paintin’ us as villains even when you’re just handin’ a cup of tea, eh.]

Ram: [Hah.]

Scoffing an exhale at the sour-lipped Ryuzu, Ram laid out tea for her and Sylphy as well.

Seemingly having brought the serving stand to the corridor, Ram adeptly poured the two’s tea and, with her gaze, urged Rem to take a sip. Heeding her direction, Rem no longer constrained herself from enjoying the tea’s aroma any further and placed the cup to her mouth―― her eyes reflexively dilating.

Rem: [Delicious…]

Ram: [Isn’t it. Brewing tea is Ram’s sole specialty as a maid, after all.]

Sylphy: [You carry yourself with contrasts of seriousness to a nearly enchanting degree… Not that I can say much, since truthfully, I have never had the opportunity to enjoy tea of such quality.]

Ryuzu: [Even Frederica’s always happy ta say this one’s peerless.]

Sylphy and Ryuzu also yielded in defeat to the triumphant Ram and sipped their tea.

Savoring the aroma entering her nostrils and the flavor atop her tongue, whilst nodding to the two’s voicing, Rem took a sudden notice to Ram’s gentle gaze, affection and a somber hope sojourned within.

Rem: [――Ah.]

Ram would never aver. But, surely, she must have conferred her hopes onto even the flavor of this tea.

It was not arduous to imagine that before losing her memories, Rem also surfeited the flavor of this esteem, of this tea which only Ram could make. In reality, her serving of the tea, artful enough to bedew one’s tear ducts in captivation, seemed to imbue every fragment of Rem’s body with affection.

It did not, however, stimulate Rem’s memories, and forge the outcome longed for.

Rem: [It is very, truly very delicious. But――.]

Placing the cup she had finished sipping from upon the table, and with eyes closed, Rem spoke so evasively. However, to Rem’s conduct, Ram smiled with a “Truly a fool”,

Ram: [This was simply brewing some tea. Nowhere near any necessity for cute Rem to apologize.]

Sylphy: [Ram-sama, you may have made her apologize due to your stabbing gaze. My former Husband-sama was an inordinately temperamental person, but he kept in good spirits if he were to just receive apologies in the meanwhile.]

Ryuzu: […Oh dear Ram, would ya pour ‘nother cuppa tea for Sylphy? I feel so awful, so awful fer this girl.]

Sylphy: [Why would you feel so? Contrary to feeling pity, I am rejoicing in the freedom which I never had before.]

Slightly furrowing her eyebrows, Sylphy informed Ryuzu, eyes sorrowful, of her incredulity. Complying with Ryuzu’s entreaty, Ram began preparing a second cup for Sylphy.

Whilst glimpsing Ram’s back, once again did Rem ardently, fervently resolve.

…I want to respond, to the people who are so good to me.

△▼△▼△▼△

After leaving the parlor, Rem followed her curiosity and ambled around parts of the mansion.

Every point at which she would stop, Ram, chaperoning her, would retell memories of those places, “That’s the flower bed where Barusu got his head covered in manure” or “This pillar has gnaw marks from Garf on it, doesn’t it? He shall be chided later” or “Ah, the portrait of the Great Spirit-sama that Emilia-sama and Beatrice-sama drew on the ground, it’s still here”, endowing her not even the time to relish her forlorn.

However, contrary to this embrace and consideration of Ram’s, Rem was unable to convene with a fortuitous feeling that pressed her back.

Rem: [Ah, more children resembling Ryuzu-sama…]

Ram: [Pico and the rest. After being taken out of the Sanctuary, they’ve been in the midst of learning many things from square one.]

Rem: […I’m also in a similar circumstance to those girls, or Sylphy-san and the others, aren’t I?]

Unlike the awfully matured Ryuzu, these young girls appeared as innocent as their appearance suggested―― these girls, with the child addressed as Pico as the first, were noticeable at every corner of the spacious Roswaal mansion, running about assisting maids wearing the same uniform as Sylphy.

The pronouncedly diligent girls apparently bore a destiny differing from that of most people by their birth, and now liberated from it, were currently purportedly in the midst of walking a different pathway of life.

On one hand were these ladies, maids whose beauty and elegance allured the eyes of many, but from what she had heard, these were women situated in plightful circumstances identical to Sylphy, and all of them had been able to escape with Emilia’s aid.

In the sense of Ryuzu’s sisters as well as these maid girls having their ways of life trifled by destiny, playthings of fate, what crossed Rem’s mind was that they were the same as her.

However, Rem’s thought was appended by Ram’s words, starting with an “Indeed”,

Ram: [Regardless of the presence or absence of memories, upon resolving to start walking a new path, usually there is no choice but to start collecting from the beginning. Rem is not special.]

Rem: [Nee-sama…]

Ram: [No, made a mistake. Rem is special. She is much too beloved to Ram, after all.]

That revision stated, Rem turned her face away in bashfulness from the magnitude of love bestowed to her.

Of course Rem also felt a powerful kinship and overflooding love towards Ram, but the sense that what Ram gave to her was ten times, a hundred times of what Rem gave, left her disconcerted.

Bearing this vexation, Rem and Ram’s tour of the Roswaal mansion resumed.

And before long――,

Ram: [――Rem, this is your room.]

Ram’s hand opened the door, her hand gestured toward the room, into which Rem stepped inside.

Compared to places inside the mansion she had surveyed, like the reception or the dining halls, the large bath or the secret special training grounds, the lounge, the gardens and the balcony, there were not many points of interest here much like the parlor.

Considering the mansion’s size, the room given to a mere servantile Rem was quite proper, but not much else.

Rem: [――――]

A large bed, a bookshelf teeming with poetry collections and illustrated storybooks. A carefully tidied writing desk, placed upon it a vase adorned with vivid flowers.

Ram: [There was once a time these belongings had been put away without notice, but Barusu brought all of them out and put them all back where they were, saying this was how Rem kept everything.]

Rem: [That person…]

As Rem stood before the bookshelf, Ram conveyed to her Subaru’s toil.

Ram’s scathing remarks towards Subaru were primarily conspicuous, many of which Rem found agreeable, but the solitude of sincerity in the words she just appended struck Rem’s chest.

Pulling out a collection of poetry, she flipped through its pages. The written verses were all things she had no remembrance of, but these bindings were of literature that the Rem of before must have liked, must have loved. Many of them somehow seemed to recite love or romance, giving her both a sense of peculiarity and embarrassment towards her past self.

Rem: [For over a year, I was asleep, right.]

After placing the poetry collection back in the bookshelf, Rem sat on the bed and caressed it with her hand, narrowing her eyes.

In Rem’s stead once she had plunged into her unawakening slumber, unable to fulfill her duties as a maid, Ram, Frederica, Petra, and the others must have performed the mansion’s maintenance, and attended to the asleep Rem. Even now, the bed’s cushions and sheets had been maintained cleanly, the careful and conscientious work discernible.

Next to the bed were faint traces of sun-bleached discolorations on the floor, bearing witness that a chair had been set there for long. An image came to her mind, of those visiting Rem talking to her from there.

That surely must have been Ram, Emilia, and the rest, and finally――,

Rem: [――――]

Ram also wordlessly seated herself beside Rem on top of the bed. A tender gaze of light-crimson watching her profile, Rem closed her eyes, and shook her head.

She had not been asked. But, she must have made her want to ask.

Of everything in this mansion, of everything in this room, naught inspired Rem’s memories. All that was here was a wealth of affections and love, things that made her feel so, things that illuminated to the unremembering Rem that she used to be happy.

She could ardently, fervently feel this, enough to mist her eyes with tears.

That was precisely why――,

Rem: […Nee-sama, that makes me really curious, what is that?]

The room was luminescent with sunlight filtering through the trees, a tender and gentle atmosphere permeated by compassion, and placed in one corner was a mysterious object―― the strangeness of an iron ball, covered in spikes, attached to a chain, lured her eyes.

Upon Rem’s enquiry, Ram murmured an “Ah” as though just taking notice,

Ram: [That’s a “ Morningstar ”.] [2]

Rem: [… Moarning , stahr ?]

Ram: [Yes. That’s what Barusu started calling it, and before long it stuck… apparently, that is also something Rem treasured.]

Rem: [Me, that thing!?]

Apprised of something exceedingly different from her reminiscences so far, Rem could not help but look back and forth at Ram and the spiked iron ball―― the morningstar.

Afterwards, she nearly convinced herself this was another one of Ram’s mischievous jokes.

Ram: [Ram also understands your doubt. But after looking at Barusu, especially preparing a dedicated cloth and oil, and polishing it every day, Ram thinks it’s lasted for too long to be simply some worthless joke.]

Rem: [B-but, doesn’t it seem like that person would do something foolish like this?]

Ram: [Indeed. It’s undeniable.]

Perhaps a dispute already settled, Ram had a sympathetic response to Rem’s objection. Ram’s demeanor made Rem rise from the bed, and she walked towards that Morningstar.

Rem: [I don’t understand…]

Upon closer examination, she noticed a handmade iron ball holder had been made for it so that the iron ball’s spikes did not splinter the floor, a palpable sense of the smallest of considerations. The cloth and container of oil left at the same spot corroborated Ram’s testimony of Subaru polishing it every day.

However, so what; that was all there was to it.

Rem: [I’m sure this, too, was one of that person’s antic――]

Like with his crossdressing, simply expressed in truly limited words, it was unquestionably only some vile thing that reflected Subaru’s tastes.

Bearing this notion, Rem stooped and touched the iron ball with her fingers. ――It was at that moment.

Rem: [――Huh.]

Without warning, Rem’s vision warped and distorted as she unwittingly fell to the floor on her back. Disgraceful conduct, but in this moment in time, Rem had no composure to feel ashamed of it or be mindful.

Rem: [Ug…]

Fallen onto her rear, her swirling dizziness spiraled the world.

Despite her person’s position in this place, the floor and the ceiling became indifferentiable, the white and black of the world inverted, the things she could see and the sounds she could hear and the scents she could smell and the air’s taste and the sensation of touch, these five senses became nebulous and melded together, seeing the air, smelling the sounds, touching the scents, tasting the colors, she heard.

Rem: [――Ah, ug.]

All that she could sense coalesced, convulsing, and even Rem’s past, present, and future melded together.

A village in the mountains, a flag emblazoned with a wolf impaled by swords, creaking notes of a wheelchair, a weyr of flying dragons covering the sky, an abominable whale of white gliding through the night sky, a broken horn soaring into a twilight radiated by flames, and a young boy who pleaded with an earnest look, a young boy who raged, a young boy who shed tears, a young boy who laughed――.

Rem: [――――]

Before long, the impact akin to the recreation of the world, burst open like a bubble popping.

Rem: [――――]

Her sight, her hearing, her olfaction, her taste, her touch, each was able to see, hear, smell, taste, feel, informing her of the way to live in their correct forms.

The nigh-scorchingly severe sensation, feeling its received pulsation diffusing blood to every corner of her body, Rem blinked once, twice, thrice.

She did not know, what in the world had occurred.

Merely――,

Rem: [I-… Rem, is…]

Still fallen to the floor, she touched her cheek with her trembling hand, ascertaining her existence.

The sensation of her fingers’ touch faded not. Fleeting, fallible, fearing to crumble like a castle made of soft sand, Rem did not pour any more strength in her fingers.

Feeling that she, if at all, coveted anything further, then all would vanish――,

Rem: [――――]

As Rem was engulfed in this unrejectable dismay and fear, a warm sensation enveloped her from behind.

She inhaled, too petrified to even turn around. Hugged tightly by arms wrapping around her from her back, as Rem’s mind and heart were inundated about herself, she gained a desire to focus on someone else.

And the first one on whom she focused, was the presence embracing her from her back――,

Rem: [Nee-sa――]

Ram: [――Wait.]

Rem: [――――]

Ram: [Don’t turn around, yet. Right now, for the first time in her life, Ram is feeling disappointed in herself.]

All of her attempts to voice, to turn around stifled by that person, Rem stiffened her body.

Ram, whose visage was concealed, her hugging arms, her professing voice, were all trembling. This was exceedingly antithetical, far removed from the image of Ram that Rem knew.

At all times, Ram was dignified and gallant, never showing Rem of anything but her majestic form.

That held true when they had reunited in the Empire, when they undertook the journey back to the Roswaal mansion just by the two of them, when she used to be overburdened by recoil when they first began working in the mansion just after her horn had been broken, when she grappled with Witch Cultist enemies in the blazing village to protect the foolish Rem.

Whenever had been captured by Rem’s eyes, Ram was evermore venerable――.

Ram: [So, so sorry, Rem. Myself is deplorable.]

Rem: [Nee-sama… what are you…]

Ram: [Even after…]

Rem: [――――]

Ram: [Even after loving you, cherishing you so much, Rem, to have forgotten you and kept on living till this day, just how heartless was Ram as your Nee-sama.]

Rem’s eyes dilated at Ram’s voice, possessor of love far too immense, and therefore in lament. Shaking off all restraints, Rem turned around and faced Ram as she hugged her.

Ram: [――hk.]

Faintly widening her tearful, light-crimson eyes, Ram looked at her in astonishment. ――Rem’s chest warmed at the sight of the visage she had gazed upon the most, for the longest time, in her life.

She gained certainty. Of what a happy person she was, surrounded by that which she loved.

Rem: [Nee-sama, you are not heartless or anything such. Rem also wants to apologize. Always, always making you nothing but worried, betraying the piety of a sister.]

Ram: [Rem.]

Rem: [Rem understands, everything. How much Nee-sama shattered her heart for Rem, and how many terrible sacrifices you made, to have been together with me to this day. And…]

Ram: [Rem.]

Rem: [About what the weak and deplorable Rem, who only ever receives, needs to do hereon.]

Ram: [――Hk.]

As Rem focused her eyes on the countenance before her, Ram’s cheeks were embellished with streams of tears, wiped by Rem’s fingers who then gave her a smile. She then stretched her arm to draw her elder sister’s head close, and embraced her into her chest.

Remaining seated on the floor, the two sisters gently nestled with one another, reciprocating affection. ――No, it was Ram who had always been doing so. Rem was the one who lacked it.

Rem: [Nee-sama, I love you.]

Bringing close her lips to her ear whilst holding her close, Rem conveyed her brimming and overflowing emotions to Ram. Drip by drip, feeling warm droplets of tears wetting her chest, Rem maintained silence and continued to embrace Ram, weeping with tears.

Accepting in her heart, at long last the fulfillment of their true reunion, Rem conveyed her love with her past self, her present self, and all that she could wield.

To her mind’s satisfaction, to her heart’s content, at this moment, she wanted to be with Ram this way.

And after the unfilled time of the sisters was duly reclaimed, Rem had things she must do―― too many people, to whom she must convey her gratitude and love.

Above all, the first person to surface in her mind, was a mean-eyed, black-haired boy――,

Rem: [――Subaru-kun.]

To convey her love, she must stand up.

For what a happy reason am I allowed to live. ――So spoke, Rem’s mind.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

Giving a deep and silent bow, the girl in the maid uniform then looked up, drawing a gasp from Petra.

With wide eyes, their petrified bodies were frozen in place. Not just Petra, but Meili and Emilia were also similarly struck speechless at her appearance.

Amidst such involuntary silence, the first to speak was――,

???: [――Rem.]

The intangible Imaginary Subaru stood motionless, staring at the same person as Petra.

His stupefied voice only reached Petra’s ears. Sadly, the girl, the one who called to herself all attention, could not see his transparent self. Even for Petra, she had not the time to help that unnoticed “Subaru”.

However, she could guarantee that which “Subaru” had called out, was correct. ――The one who stood there, without mistake, was the girl so beloved and dear to him named Rem.

Petra: [――Ah.]

At that moment, sparks darted through Petra’s mind, and the fog in her field of consciousness successively cleared.

The presence of that which exerted such force of attraction right before her eyes made the images of memories, that had been unconsciously pushed into the corner of her mind and covered by a shroud of forgetfulness, start to reappear within her hall of cognizance.

And so, she was struck by an impact akin to scattering sparks, of all the vivid images that displayed.

――The time that Petra had spent in contact with her as “Petra” was not very long.

The young girl was a maid who frequently came from Roswaal’s mansion to the village to do some shopping. Though they hardly interacted and had never exchanged a word, she became more expressive once Subaru had started to visit the village. More importantly, she was also the benefactor who had saved the lives of Petra and her friends. ――The culprit behind endangering their lives had been Meili, in command of Witchbeasts, which was another tale of fate. Actually, Meili and her elder sister targeted those connected to herself at the most important moments far too much.

Anyhow, Petra’s connection with this girl was thin.

Thereafter, just as the Royal Selection marked its beginning, she was met by the tragedy of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, victimized, and Petra was employed to fill her place, joining the Emilia Camp as a maid.

In other words, without the tragedy that had befallen her, Petra would not be in the position she was today, which in itself made for terribly complicated feelings――,

???: [Rem… Rem, is that you?]

As though a face-down card flipped over, akin to confirming the patterns and text on it, one by Petra’s misunderstandings about her were replaced with comprehension.

Beside her, in a faltering voice, Emilia called her name as she blinked her eyes.

Emilia stepped forward and hesitated, opening and closing her lips several times as if searching for the right words,

Emilia: [Umm, I’m sorry, that was a weird thing to say. I’ve always properly known that Rem is Rem… but, that’s not what I was trying to say.]

Rem: [No need to worry, Emilia-sama. Please calm down, and take your time. Rem, too, understands that this is all very sudden.]

Emilia: [――. Yes, thank you. There’s so much I want to say, but…]

Rem: [But?]

Emilia: […That look suits you reaaally well. It makes me reaaally feel like you’re Rem.]

Emilia placed her hand firmly on her chest and smiled at Rem, her amethyst eyes moist with tears. In response to Emilia’s words, Rem raised her eyebrows slightly, and nodded.

She proudly puffed out her chest in her maid uniform and,

Rem: [It’s the uniform Nee-sama tailored to suit Rem, after all.]

Upon hearing Rem’s answer, Ram, her arms crossed, nodded in satisfaction.

???: […What is this, all of a sudde~n?]

Beside this exchange between Emilia and Rem, Meili frowned and muttered.

As a little Crimson Scorpion emerged from her hair, clicking its pincers as if anxious about its master’s reaction, Meili closed one eye, and placing her hand to her forehead,

Meili: [The moment I saw Ram-oneesan’s sister, I was reminded of how she crushed the whole pack of Ulgarm-cha~ns. If it isn’t the reason that caused the job to fai~l…]

Ram: [In that case, you should be grateful to Rem. Thanks to Rem making your job fail, there were no victims other than Barusu, which is why you’re able to be here at this moment.]

Meili: [I’ve got mixed feelings about it, finding it difficult to express my gratitu~de…]

Ram pointed this out while clutching her elbows, to which Meili made a displeased face and stuck out her tongue.

While Ram’s words were indeed harsh, they also held truth. In fact, it was unmistakable that Meili, at one time their enemy, was accepted into the Emilia Camp because the damage her deeds had caused to the camp were minimal. ――Ram’s point that there had been no victims other than Subaru, ironically enough, was also correct from the perspective of Return by Death.

???: [As per your understanding, the moment those who have hitherto known Rem lay their sight upon her, within them their memories of her are revived. Restoration. Neither Ryuzu-sama nor I were able to contain ourselves. Resultantly, we were delayed in rejoining everyone. Confession.]

Ram: [Clind’s reaction was meager and unamusing, but Ryuzu-sama’s outburst was over the top and quite the sight to see. That is a privilege for those who were present to witness it.]

Clind: [I see, a sight to see you say. Certainly, we did get to behold something unusual. Agreement.]

Ram: [――. Hah.]

The rebirth of her Memories, that befell those who surrounded Rem. ――No, in view of the conditions of the Authority of Gluttony thus far, this phenomenon should be called the rebirth of her Name.

Touching upon that fact, Clind cast a meaningful look to Ram, to which she averted her eyes in obvious displeasure and snorted.

Upon a much closer inspection, the faint redness around Ram’s eyes and Clind’s remark about a sight to behold might have been related.

However, Petra did not allude to that either. ――Not out of chivalrous sympathy, but because she was unable to.

Rem: [――Petra-san?]

Suddenly, Rem, who had been basking in everyone’s attention, widened her eyes upon looking at the silent Petra. Emilia and the others also turned to see Petra at her reaction, and were startled by her state.

Their response was a matter of course. Petra, who had uttered not a word up until that point, had a flood of tears streaming from her round eyes and was desperately trying to suppress her throat, as it verged on convulsing in heaving sobs.

Emilia: [Petra-chan!? Oh no, she’s crying so uncontrollably――]

Petra: [――Hk.]

The moment her tear-strewn face was noticed, Petra kicked the ground and broke into a run.

Dodging the arms of Emilia, who, taken aback by Petra’s tears, she tried to embrace her; avoiding Meili, who attempted to grab her sleeve; slipping under Rom-jii’s legs, who was caught off guard by the situation; with agile movements, Petra jumped forward―― into the bosom of Rem, who was staring at her with eyes dilated.

And――,

Petra: [Rem――!]

Rem: [Kyaa!]

Caught in the arms of Rem, who had shown the kindness to not dodge her, Petra embraced her slender body tightly. Rem blinked her eyes as she reciprocated Petra’s hug, who clung to her, reluctant to let go.

Petra: [Rem… Remm, Remmm…!]

Petra crumbled at Rem’s reaction, unable to stop the tears from flowing; she found herself indulging in something she had resolved herself never to do, sniveling in front of others, yet she was unable to tear herself away.

Thus, while supporting that tearful Petra, Rem looked around for assistance,

Rem: [Um, do I just not remember, but were Rem and Petra-san this close for you to cry so much for me…?]

And so, failing to conceal the hue of her loss of bearings, she continued to gently caress Petra’s head.

Translation Notes:

[1] – An urban legend that exists in Japan.

[2] – Historically, the term “Morningstar” has been translated from the Japanese “鉄球” (iron ball) or “棘付きの鉄球” (spiked iron ball), with “Morningstar” (モーニングスター) in English being reserved for Subaru’s narration. This is the first spoken use of “Morningstar” (モーニングスター) by any character in the series; because of that, we have decided to use quotes to show it is a given term/name.

--- Chapter 36: Problem ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [I’m sorry, I’ve caused you so much trouble…]

???: [No, Rem is the one who ought to be happy that you cried with joy. It was just like when Nee-sama did the same… ah.]

Petra bowed her head repeatedly, apologizing for her flustered and disgraceful behavior. Rem, who had tried to comfort Petra, realized she had said something awkward and stiffened her cheeks, looking toward Ram.

In response to Rem’s gaze, Ram smiled gently and said, “It’s okay”,

Ram: [After all, Ram is a pathetic older sister who is unable to even keep her composure during an emotional reunion. It’s no wonder Rem would call her sister a crybaby.]

Rem: [Th-that’s not what I meant! It’s a misunderstanding that you’re a crybaby, Nee-sama! Besides, I was happy that you cried for me, Nee-sama!] [1]

???: [That’s right, Ram. You’re finally able to remember Rem. Even if you did cry, no one would think you’re a crybaby. Cheer up!]

Ram: [Rem, Emilia-sama… wah, wah, wah…]

Following Rem’s lead, Emilia joined in comforting her, to which Ram covered her eyes with her hands and turned away. The two remained concerned, but from Petra’s perspective, it was all just a farce.

Of course, there was no doubt that this situation brought tears of joy to Ram’s eyes.

Petra: […Ram-neesama, I get that you’re happy, but you shouldn’t tease them so much.]

Emilia: [Huh!?]

Rem: [Tease…?]

Petra managed to compose herself and admonished Ram, causing Emilia and Rem to widen their eyes. Ram, who had deceived the two innocent girls, ceased her fake crying, shrugged her shoulders, and said,

Ram: [Well, now that memories have been restored, it’s natural to want to see all of Rem’s different expressions, so there was some teasing involved. Will you forgive such a mean older sister?]

Rem: [Nee-sama… well, it seems it can’t be helped. Just this once, okay?]

Ram: [Yes, thank you. Are you okay with that, Emilia-sama?]

Emilia: [Rem forgave you, so I can’t stay angry forever. Good grief.]

???: [Amazi~ng. Instead of showing any humility, all you did was act cute and you got away with i~t.]

Despite showing not a single shred of remorse, Rem and Emilia easily forgave Ram’s overbearing behavior, while Meili watched in astonishment and muttered in disbelief. Petra agreed with Meili’s disbelief. This was typical of Ram, but she was getting a little too carried away.

Petra: [I would like to hold a victory party for Rem… Rem-neesama, but this is a very difficult time, so could you please refrain from doing so, Ram-neesama?]

Ram: [Self-restraint, you say. That sounds reasonable at first, but what about you, Petra?]

Petra: [――? What do you mean? I’ve been reflecting on what happened earlier as well.]

Ram: [Not that you should feel bad about getting all worked up. It’s just something else that has been concerning. ――Ever since a little while ago, it seems you have naturally positioned yourself between Rem and Emilia-sama.]

Ram pointed this out with one eye closed, and Petra widened her eyes with a “Huh?”. Then, she looked to her left and right, and saw the profiles of Emilia and Rem beside her.

The three of them were now sitting side by side on a long sofa, with Petra in the middle. Petra had her arms firmly wrapped around the two of them, as if she never wanted to let go.

Petra: [Huh!?]

Meili: [Don’t just “huh” u~s. After you hugged Rem-oneesan, you ve~ry naturally pulled her along with yo~u. Even Emilia-oneesan was pulled along to~o.]

Petra: [S-sorry. It seems like my love for both of you overflowed…]

Petra reflected on her actions in light of Meili’s continued exasperation. However, her excuse was precisely the same as Ram’s earlier, causing Ram to let out a “Ha!”

Rem: [It’s okay, there’s no need to worry, Petra-san. Rem also wants to fill in the gaps in her memory piece by piece.]

Petra: [Rem-neesama…]

Rem: [Besides, Rem didn’t think Petra-san and the others in the village got along with her very well, so it’s a pleasant surprise to find that they cared so much.]

With Petra’s arm wrapped around her, Rem blushed slightly and gave a shy smile.

From Rem’s perspective, her relationship with Petra and the others was at its peak around the time the Royal Selection began―― during the month when Subaru was taken in at the mansion. Before that, they had been merely passing acquaintances at best.

That was why Rem’s perception was not wrong. The reason Petra held such strong feelings for Rem was not so much because of her own emotions, but because of the extent of “Subaru’s” influence.

However, despite that, she still felt them.

Petra: [Rem-neesama, smiling and looking shy, how precious…]

Emilia: [Petra-chan, your ears are reaaally red. Are you okay?]

Petra: [Ah, that’s not true. This isn’t two-timing… Emilia-neesama is number one!]

Emilia: [Huh? Um, that’s right. I’m the most important person in the camp, so I have to do my duties properly.]

Petra, torn between her impatience and happiness, blurted out something she should not have said, but Emilia, like the angel or goddess that she was, or perhaps because it simply went over her head, reacted to it like a dense protagonist.

With that in mind, Petra suppressed her racing heartbeat and stood up, telling herself, “Subaru is my number one…”

If she remained sandwiched between Emilia and Rem, her heart would surely be pulled apart.

???: [Way to go, Petra! You hung in there!]

Petra: [Subaru, you better be ready for me to give you a piece of my mind later. You two-timer.]

“Subaru”: [That’s not fair! I can’t even touch Emilia-tan or Rem!]

Petra managed to cut off her lingering sentimentality and directed her pent-up anger toward the Imaginary Subaru. Holding a handkerchief to stifle her tears, she sighed as she watched “Subaru” dance around the reception room, exploding with emotions toward Rem, whose memories had returned.

That was when――,

Rem: [Rem knows that she’s causing quite a disturbance, but it would be helpful if we could calm down for now. ――Let’s talk about that person.]

Petra: [――――]

Rem’s quiet voice caused the air in the room to become noticeably tense.

Although it had not completely relaxed, the atmosphere had started to warm up despite the urgency of the current situation, yet Rem herself wiped that away. That was very admirable and impressive.

Emilia: [Ram, Rem, did Clind-san already explain everything to you?]

Ram: [More or less. Besides, we also saw the devastation in the Royal Capital. Who would have thought it would come to this… Barusu really messed up.]

Petra: [Ram-neesama, that’s quite a way of putting it…]

Ram: [Sorry, let’s rephrase that. ――Everyone, including Ram, really messed up.]

Petra: [――――]

Ram’s assessment weighed heavily and resonated deeply with everyone.

As previously confirmed before Ram and Rem had rejoined them, the severity of Al’s actions was beyond one’s ability to bear.

???: [That bein’ said, there’s nothin’ ta be gained from blamin’ ourselves excessively. Ultimately, the responsibility for what happened oughta lie with the person who caused it. That’s what we’ve concluded.]

Ram: [That’s how Ram and the others feel, no doubt. But things aren’t that simple. Wouldn’t you agree?]

???: […You’re quite an impressive girl. What was all that foolin’ around earlier?]

With that, Rom-jii stroked his bald head and gave Ram a stern look. Seeing the understanding between the two, Rem tilted her head and said “Nee-sama”,

Rem: [When you say “things aren’t that simple,” are you talking about where the responsibility lies?]

Ram: [Yes, that’s right. Rom-sama wants to discuss the details. Please go ahead.]

Rom: [Throwin’ us a load of trouble… well, fine. As the girl said, regardless of our resolve, the current situation ain’t good for us or for all of ya.]

Rom-jii, who had been entrusted with explaining the situation by Ram, pointed at himself and Emilia with his thick fingers. Staring at his large fingertips, Emilia blinked her amethyst eyes and,

Emilia: [That’s true for us, but, Rom-jii, what about you, the others… and Felt-chan?]

Rom: [Ezzo was also at the Tower. He was given the task of managin’ the Tower until an official investigation team could be dispatched by the Kingdom, but he was unable ta fulfill his duty. Even Reinhard wasn’t able ta stop the helmet bastard nor the Divine Dragon, ‘n damage was caused ta the Royal Capital.]

Meili: [Bu~t, thanks to Emilia-oneesan, no big rocks fell on the city, ri~ght? So why are we still being scol~ded?]

Rom: [If ya could gain popularity just by smashin’ stones thrown at ya, then Reinhard could just keep doin’ that forever. Meili, it’s not just the results that need ta be judged fairly, but the process as well.]

Meili pouted at Rom-jii, who shook his big head slowly with a serious expression.

Hidden beneath Meili’s dissatisfied attitude lay her frustration that Emilia’s critical role was not being properly appreciated. Realizing this, Emilia smiled at Meili and said, “Thank you,” causing the pouting girl to turn away even further.

Rom: [At the bare minimum, we gotta talk ‘bout what we absolutely must do. First, we gotta stop that helmet bastard… the man who calls himself Aldebaran, with our own hands. We can’t leave it ta anyone else or the Kingdom. We can only talk ‘bout recoupin’ our losses after we’ve done that.]

Emilia: [Why does it have to be us? Of course, it would be natural for us to try our best, but if Al is stopped before he does something terrible…]

Rom: [Emilia, ya don’t understand. It’s no longer just ‘bout Aldebaran. He’s got the Divine Dragon on his side. This is a serious matter that could shake the foundations of the Royal Selection… the only way ta reverse that is for the Dragon Priestess, a Royal Candidate, ta recall the Divine Dragon. If that can’t be done…]

Emilia: [――Would that mean the Royal Selection itself would be null and void?]

Emilia spoke of a definitive possibility, and Rom-jii drew back his chin with a serious expression. Upon hearing this, Petra belatedly comprehended the gravity of the situation.

In the first place, the Royal Selection to determine the next monarch of the Kingdom of Lugunica was based upon the prophecy of the Dragon History Stone that was necessary in order to maintain the Covenant with the Dragon. In other words, it was a ceremony which relied upon the mighty power of the Divine Dragon Volcanica, and without the Divine Dragon, the Royal Selection would not be viable.

Rom: [For that reason, we must. The only solution’s ta stop Aldebaran, the one who’s bewitched the Divine Dragon, by the hands of a Royal Candidate.]

This was a fundamental prerequisite for settling this crucial situation, and for the continuation of the Royal Selection.

The words of the old giant, the wise man from the Felt Camp, who had long seen the world, possessed conviction which none could refute.

The destruction of the world by Al’s hand must be averted. However, that did not mean that so long as the world was spared, nothing else mattered.

After the battle ended, there was the matter of――,

Rem: [We need to ensure there is a proper place for Subaru-kun’s return.]

Emilia: [Rem…]

After listening to Rom-jii’s words, Emilia looked at Rem as she muttered so. Rem met her gaze, her pale-blue eyes filled with resolve, responding with “That’s how it should be, is it not?”,

Rem: [That person, he did the same for me. Rem’s room in the mansion remained exactly as it was before… because Subaru-kun thought so highly of her, Rem was able to remember the things she had forgotten. It’s all thanks to the Morningstar that Subaru-kun polished every day…!]

Indeed, Rem emphasized that forcefully, with an iron ball attached to a chain in her hands―― the Morningstar. Overwhelmed by the chain’s rousing resonation and Rem’s vigor, Emilia tilted her head.

Emilia: […Thanks to the Morningstar ?]

Rem: [Yes. It may surprise you, but it was in the moment upon touching the Morningstar . Every memory up to that point came flooding back… thinking that it was all just that person’s obsession was a misunderstanding… There are so many things to apologize for.]

Lowering her eyes as if ashamed of herself, Rem recounted how her memories had returned to her. Troubled by Rem’s impassioned plea, a wide-eyed Emilia waved her hands about.

Perhaps, it was a matter of timing. ――That which Gluttony, whom Al had released from the Prison Tower, had done was likely related to the rebirth of Rem’s Memories and Name. And that had happened at the same time Rem had touched the Morningstar in the mansion.

That was why Rem was convinced that the Morningstar had awakened her.

Emilia: [You know, Rem, can you calm yourself for a moment to listen…]

Rem: [Rest assured, Emilia-sama. With this Morningstar , Rem will surely be of help in getting Subaru-kun back. After that is done, let us discuss what happened in the Empire and the future…]

Emilia continued to look troubled as Rem clenched her fists with an attitude of determination. Next to her, Meili looked at Ram and asked, “Aren’t you going to stop he~r?”, to which she replied,

Ram: [It can’t be helped. This is something Ram didn’t expect either. ――Who would have thought that Barusu’s ridiculous ramblings about polishing it every day would actually prove useful?]

Meili: […It’s really bad that I’m the one with the most common sense he~re.]

Meili lamented the situation, in which even Ram had placed too much faith in the power of the Morningstar.

In any case, it was necessary to share everything they knew concerning Gluttony with Rem and the others, including their speculations. Petra decided to leave that to Emilia, and turned back to Rom-jii, keeping the dream-like interplay between Emilia and Rem in the corner of her eye.

And then――,

Petra: [Clind-niisama still hasn’t returned with the Master and the others… but we don’t have much time. We’ll be cooperating with Rom-ojiisan, right?]

Rom: [――. Yeah, that’s right. It’s our consensus that the Royal Selection’s gotta continue.]

Petra: [Then, please tell us all about it. Rom-ojiisan, what have you noticed about Al-san?]

Rom-jii had joined up with them in the plains and had accompanied them as they rushed to the Royal Capital. For the sake of Clind’s Compression, he had opted to act separately from Tonchinkan and the rest, but he had been laying the groundwork for fighting alongside Emilia and the others, saying that he had critical information concerning Al that he had obtained during their previous clash.

From the discussions up to this point, the Emilia and Felt Camps were of one mind. It was time for both sides to open up to each other; thus, Petra urged Rom-jii.

In response to Petra’s request, Rom-jii patted his bald head and said,

Rom: [What I’m gonna tell ya is gonna sound pretty outlandish ‘n insane. I didn’t keep it a secret ’cause I wanted ta seem important or nothin’, but ’cause it’s so unbelievable.]

Petra: [It’s okay. I’ll believe you, Rom-ojiisan. I’m sure Rom-ojiisan would be surprised if he knew, seriously.]

Rom: […You’re also quite the peculiar girl, ain’t’cha, Petra.]

Perhaps mistaking it for lip service, Rom-jii lowered his eyebrows and muttered in exasperation.

But, there were no lies in Petra’s words. Petra trusted Rom-jii. She knew that he cared deeply for Felt, who had been taken hostage by Al and his accomplices, and that he was a man of fatherly love who would show no hesitation to sacrifice his life for Felt.

For that reason, the hurdle of trust about which Rom-jii was concerned was cleared at the onset.

Unaware of Petra’s various circumstances, while paying heed to Emilia and Rem, who even now were still reconciling their perceptions of each other, Rom-jii said,

Rom: [This is somethin’ I’ll tell Emilia ‘n the others later, but… this Aldebaran guy, he’s likely usin’ some kinda cheat technique called an Authority.]

“Subaru”: [――An Authority.]

“Subaru” reacted to Rom-jii’s carefully chosen words before Petra could.

“Subaru” ceased his twirling in midair and his face stiffened, his gaze fixed intently upon Rom-jii. The Imaginary Subaru’s reaction was understandable. They had just heard it from Clind’s mouth, but both Petra and “Subaru” were familiar with the word “Authority” and its more sinister significance.

It was a word that had been uttered by the Sin Archbishop of Sloth, and by the Witch of Greed who slumbered in her tomb.

The manifestation of a formidable right which allowed one to interfere with the nature of this world, to overturn concepts, to selfishly paint over those laws.

The reason Rom-jii concluded that Al utilized one was because――,

Rom: [――This guy, it seems like he’s able ta go back ta time gone by. But, it don’t seem ta go very far back, though.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――In the end, just what was it that she absolutely needed to do?

That “problem”, which had accompanied her endlessly since the days she had been small and weak, continued to familiarly haunt Felt even now that she had been taken by the Aldebaran Crew.

Felt: [Geez, it’s so damn irritating.]

Scratching her head at that frustration, Felt spat out the bitterness that had been festering in her stomach.

Feelings of powerlessness and resignation, albeit definite, were of no use; this Felt knew. Despite that, despite neither quenching her throat nor filling her belly, they would seek to fill up people’s bodies, welling up by every means just to get in the way.

Felt: [――Tsk.]

With a click of her tongue, Felt sunk her teeth into the dried meat served to her for dinner, chewing it apart. Finding herself clearly unsatisfied with the overly salty flavor, she was disgusted with how spoiled she had become.

It had been a mere two and a half days since they had been parted, yet she longed for the cooking of Flam and Grassis.

Even the heavily seasoned, manly meals that Ezzo, Rachins, and the rest would sometimes bring to the table were far preferable to these portable dishes. Flam and Grassis would get mad at her if she made Reinhard cook, as it was a task below his station, so she did not make him do so, but when Felt had him make sweets in secret, he was not bad at all.

Unfortunately, Felt and Rom-jii’s culinary skills were so horrendous that she was amazed she had not died of food poisoning in the over ten years she had spent at the loot house. That was likely the source of Felt’s meager growth when compared to others of the same age.

Regardless of the culinary circumstances of her Camp――,

Felt: [I can’t cook or nothing. So then, what can I do?]

Licking a grain of salt off her fingertip, Felt narrowed her red eyes, her thoughts returning to the initial “problem”.

――At present, the Aldebaran Crew was moving from place to place, with Aldebaran and the Divine Dragon endeavoring to recover from their exhaustion incurred from the Royal Capital. Initially, Felt assumed that Aldebaran and his accomplices would make straight for their objective, the Grand Mogolade Geyser, after fleeing the Royal Capital, but it seemed as if it was not simply a matter of reaching the destination; an element of grasping the right time was involved as well.

However, those breaths of respite while waiting for that time were far from ideal―― they had been met with the relentless sabotage of a callous pursuer, Otto Suwen.

Felt: [It’s not just talking with bugs, it’s an outrageously terrifying Divine Protection… Or rather, what’s terrifying is probably not the Divine Protection, but Zodda bug-niichan himself.]

Otto possessed a quiet and ignorant face, but his true nature seemed to be that of an individual warranting extreme caution.

Ultimately, every Divine Protection served as nothing more than just another tool. No matter how fine a sword one held, if they were not equipped with the strength to swing it, the ambition and opportunity to learn how to wield it, and the courage to brandish blade when the time came, then the sword would merely be a fine decoration.

Otto had the strength, the opportunity, the ambition, and the courage. ――Thus, Felt would have no choice but to prove that she too possessed those things, swordless as she was.

Felt: [That nii-chan’s going all out on the offensive… plotting some damn nasty stuff.]

With the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language, Otto had allied with bugs, birds, and fish; without allowing the Aldebaran Crew even a moment of tranquility, he was constantly forcing them to counter.

The buzzing of insects and the distant howling of beasts, the pollution of water and contamination of food supplies, his methods of attack were diverse; since they were unable to secure any sleeping hours, Felt, being dragged along with them, was also experiencing a headache.

But, getting caught in the crossfire like this was something Felt could discount as trivial damage. If possible, Felt would make use of her position accompanying the enemy to mercilessly contribute to Otto’s tactics.

Felt: [I thought there’d have been plenty enough meaning in serving to suppress the Divine Dragon, but…]

That alone would not suffice; she had understood that through the battle between Divine Dragon and Sword Demon at the Royal Capital.

Even if Felt’s presence curtailed the Divine Dragon’s power by ten percent, the remaining ninety percent was still enough to display catastrophic power; that was the true worth of the Divine Dragon Volcanica―― considering the possibility that from here forward, Rom-jii would seek a rematch against Aldebaran’s party after his initial defeat, her current state was lacking.

At present, that was the “problem” that the captured Felt ought to face.

Felt: [No, I guess there’s also one more.]

Muttering so, Felt turned her eyes toward the other “problem”, visible from her position.

???: [――――]

To her fore, across the crackling bonfire, a man sat facing Felt. ――No, he could not be described as facing her. After all, his face was downcast, with nary a glance in her direction.

Clutching a sheathed sword to his chest, silently cowering as if he were deceased, the red-haired man radiated a sense of vexation in every direction―― Heinkel.

Left alone at the entrance of a cave naturally formed in a rocky wall, Felt and Heinkel were spending a dismal time together, waiting for the ones who had gone to ascertain the safety of the surroundings and remove obstacles.

For the time being, Heinkel was supposed to be in charge of supervising Felt, but based on the ratio of who was looking at who, it would not have been possible to tell exactly who the supervisor was. That manner of rejecting the outside world, to the point of neither touching his dinner of dried meat nor putting water to his lips, thoroughly rubbed Felt the wrong way.

Felt: [――――]

Felt had declared that she had no ruler of good or bad with which to measure Heinkel’s actions. There was no falsehood in that, and she would not alter her view, but―― she did have a ruler of liking and disliking to measure with.

At the very least, his demeanor befitting a Hollow despite yet living, was something she absolutely hated.

Felt: [Oi, if you aren’t gonna eat, pass me that dried meat.]

Heinkel: [――――]

Felt: [You can hear me, yeah? Don’t ignore… woah there.]

Albeit her initial belligerence, the dried meat she had used to broach conversation was thrown at her as if to shut her up. She hastened to pick it up, but Heinkel cast nary a glance in her direction.

In that instant, thinking it foolish to unclench her fists, Felt called out “Oi” once more,

Felt: [So, why the hell did you interfere back there?]

Straight to the point, Felt boldly cut straight to the source of Heinkel’s cowering.

Heinkel: [――――]

Heinkel kept his silence; however, given that he had flung the dried meat at her, he had not completely cut himself off from the outside world. Seizing on that, Felt lightly exhaled,

Felt: [Your old man… how should I call him. The fight between Reinhard’s grandfather and the Divine Dragon. I’m not really a warrior or anything like that, so I dunno the specifics of who was superior in that battle and stuff. But, you’re supposed to be the Divine Dragon’s ally, yeah?]

Heinkel: [――――]

Felt: [For you to have interfered there meant that things were looking bad for the Divine Dragon. That’s an outrageous prospect, but there’s also something strange about it. ――If your objective is the Dragon’s Blood, then that grandpa being on the verge of victory ought to have been the perfect opportunity.]

Heinkel: [――――]

Felt: [Even though you might have gotten your hands on the Blood if the Dragon died, you got in the way. Why’s that?]

Using the other party’s lack of objections to make her point, Felt bluntly lined up her words.

As she had said, Heinkel’s interference with the battle between Divine Dragon and Sword Demon was exceedingly unnatural when considering his goal. There was also a possibility that he had acted on impulses of a strong grudge towards his father, but before flying off with the Divine Dragon, Heinkel had requested the Dragon to apply healing on Wilhelm, whom he had stabbed.

In other words, Heinkel had wished for neither Divine Dragon, nor Sword Demon, to die during that battle.

Felt: [It’s way too incoherent. Just what exactly are you――]

Thinking ; it had been the moment she was about to continue her words. ――Immediately pinned down to the hard ground, an unsheathed blade was fastened to Felt’s neck.

Heinkel: [You talk too much, brat.]

Right before her eyes, the bloodshot blue eyes of Heinkel were present. Perhaps because he had bitten the inside of his mouth, his breaths doused her in a reek of blood, causing Felt to grimace. While she did so, Heinkel continued to slide the blade as if to intimidate Felt,

Heinkel: [If you don’t want to feel the pain, then don’t say such unnecessary―― goaghh !?]

Through an opening in that threat, Felt drove her fist forward without hesitation, straight into Heinkel’s nose.

Heinkel exclaimed “Uh, ah?”; rather than pain, it was the reality of having been hit that surprised him. As he stood up with the momentum, a kick to the chest sent him crashing onto his backside, and Felt looked down upon him.

Felt: [There’s no way I’d be scared of you at this point.]

Saying that, Felt picked up Heinkel’s sword which had fallen beside her. For a moment, Heinkel’s body tensed, but Felt heaved a sigh and tossed the sword back to him. Heinkel snatched up the sword, eyes widening, but Felt just shrugged her shoulders in response.

It might have seemed a mystery why she had returned the sword, but from Felt’s perspective, it was the natural decision.

Even if Felt went ballistic here, she could not beat Heinkel, and on the off chance that Heinkel thoughtlessly tried to cut Felt down, it was clear that Yae would be overjoyed. To begin with, the moment Felt and Heinkel had been left alone here, Yae’s aims were made obvious.

If possible, Yae wished to discard both Felt and Heinkel. Resorting to violence here was unideal, as it would only have been playing right into her hands. ――Even without such reasoning, there was also the fact that it was not Felt’s role to beat up Heinkel.

Felt: [Then you’d think it’d be Reinhard’s role, but I think that also doesn’t seem right.]

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

As Reinhard’s name came up, Heinkel was once again greatly perturbed.

For a man over double Felt’s age to be cowering in fear over her every word and action was absurdly unsightly. However, Felt wanted to uncover the reason behind that unsightliness.

Even if that would deliver a terribly bitter flavor to Felt, she wished to know.

Felt: [Same as before, you don’t gotta answer anything. I’ll speak on my own, and infer on my own.]

Wiping the hem of her clothes, dirtied from being pinned down, Felt waited not for the other party’s response, and looked to the sky. Within the night sky, visible through a fissure in the rocky wall, countless stars shone aglow with a brightness that did not belong.

Glaring at the ironic beauty in that sky, Felt broached with “As a matter of fact”,

Felt: [What bothered me about the battle between the Divine Dragon and that grandpa was everything I said before. Even though you want that Dragon’s Blood, the actions you took don’t seem to add up. And so, there’s one other thing with you that doesn’t seem to add up either. ――It’s Gluttony.]

Heinkel: [――――]

Felt: [Let’s ignore the fact that that bastard’s got the absolute worst personality, and that he never ever stops talking. Even without that, he’s a good-for-nothing Sin Archbishop, and there’s no way he’d ever be welcomed, but… when it comes to reasons to hate that bastard, you ought to have way more than I do, yeah?]

Hushed, Heinkel gave no answer, but his breath caught upon hearing the question. Even if he did not respond with words, Heinkel’s reaction was far too easy to read, and thus Felt narrowed her eyes.

Released from the Prison Tower, Roy Alphard was being made to accompany them by Aldebaran as a necessity for his plan―― there were endless reasons to hate, to detest the Sin Archbishops who brought forth many a tragedy, but Heinkel ought to have had a more precise, definite reason for enmity.

After all, the woman who was Reinhard’s mother, who was Heinkel’s wife―― the affliction of the ever-slumbering Louanna Astrea bore a striking resemblance to that of the victims of Gluttony.

Felt: [I said it once before, but I know about your… about Reinhard’s family circumstances. That your wife’s been sleeping for over ten years, and that you can’t find a way to wake her up. Well, that might be resolved once you’ve received the Dragon’s Blood, but… how are you gonna settle the score?]

Heinkel: [――――]

Felt: [How are you gonna settle the score with the fuckface who put your wife to sleep for over ten years?]

Through the assault on Duchess Crusch Karsten and the battle at the Watergate City Pristella, the damage incurred by the Authority of Gluttony had been made clear; Sleeping Beauties―― tragic beings whose ties had all been severed, discovered in a state of unawakening sleep, with nobody around aware of their existence. It was uncovered that such individuals were none other than victims of the Witch Cult.

Of course, that also ought to have reached the ears of Heinkel. Nevertheless, not once had Heinkel displayed any interest in Gluttony, who could have been the cause of his wife’s slumber.

――Was it because his utmost priority was to acquire the Dragon’s Blood and awaken his wife?

――Was the impact of stabbing his own father, bathing in his blood, simply all too much?

Or perhaps――,

Felt: [If you seriously are just completely disregarding the bastard, then why?]

Heinkel: [W-wait… what are…]

Felt: [You don’t need to respond. I told you, didn’t I? I’ll speak on my own, and infer on my own.]

His grip on the sword quivering, with an expression deathly pale Heinkel did look at Felt. The gaze of eyes Astrea-blue clashed with that of her own red, and Felt was convinced.

Deep within Heinkel’s eyes were terribly indefinite, yet ultimately unperishing embers. ――Likely, they were heat of the same ilk as that which dwelled in the eyes of Rom-jii whenever he gazed upon Felt.

Heinkel: [――――]

Appearing to be a despicable man, self-centered, selfish, self-destructive, of wavering heart whilst being ignorant of his own capabilities, and beyond all help, was Heinkel Astrea. ――If concealed deep within, visible through only the slightest of gaps, was a heat ever-present in this man’s every action, that would mean.

Felt: [The reason you don’t even bother to look at Gluttony, is because you know there’s no connection between your wife falling asleep and Gluttony. You know it’s incorrect, so you don’t turn your sword on him. But…]

――Louanna Astrea’s affliction of Sleeping Beauty, was definitively different to that of the other Sleeping Beauties.

Unlike the Sleeping Beauties whose every tie in the world was severed, Louanna was remembered by Reinhard, by Heinkel, by all who were acquainted with her, and her slumber they all did lament.

In other words, it was different. Louanna Astrea was no victim of Gluttony. Then, while Heinkel knew the truth of the matter, he had not shared it with anyone else.

Why was that? Because he could not afford for any to know. ――The cause, of Louanna’s slumber.

That cause was――,

Felt: [――Reinhard.]

Heinkel: [――――]

A pair of motionless, widened eyes, a voiceless countenance, a husky breath void of vitality, all of which became an answer more eloquent than words, lending credence to Felt’s conviction.

That which she absolutely needed to do. ――Finding that out, was Felt’s current “problem”.

By her resolve and conviction to face that “problem”, she arrived at the terribly bitter truth, and that was――,

Felt: [――So the one who put Reinhard’s mother to sleep, was Reinhard himself?]

Translation Note:

[1] Rem’s speech patterns since she regained her memories have been slipping between her style of speaking in Vollachia and before she fell asleep. One very noticeable indication of this is that she is flipping between using her name and 私 ( watashi ), the pronoun she used in Vollachia. This will be shown in our translations with I/me for 私 and Rem when she uses that. Going forward, we will not be pointing this out every time it happens, since it will likely occur a lot.

--- Chapter 37: Mindset ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Subaru-sama and Beatrice-sama have fallen into the hands of the man calling himself Aldebaran. Bitter regret. Currently, countermeasures are being taken to deal with that person, with Emilia-sama taking charge. Report.]

Indeed, after receiving Clind’s report, which arrived using the Authority of Tristitia, Roswaal found himself shaken by the gap between his rational acceptance of what had happened and the difficulty of accepting it emotionally.

Their location was the Barielle mansion―― the estate that Priscilla Barielle inherited from her late husband, Leip Barielle, and which had become masterless once more after her death. Currently, Roswaal, accompanied by Priscilla’s servant Schult, was visiting this place after being separated from Emilia and the others.

Clind appeared and brought the report to a room in the mansion.

――Frankly speaking, Roswaal was not at all delighted with Subaru’s suggestion to take the grieving Al to the Pleiades Watchtower.

It required a protracted amount of time to find and secure Subaru, who had been transported to the Vollachian Empire. ――Rem had also been transported there, but Roswaal did not indulge in self-deception. Roswaal’s goal was to bring Subaru back, and Rem’s safety was secondary.

Of course, everyone in the camp was happy that Rem had returned, but they could not be optimistic considering the time that had been squandered. They had to start working immediately to make up for the delay in the necessary measures to be taken for the Royal Selection. ――It was just then that Subaru came to consult with them about going to the Pleiades Watchtower.

What should be given top priority? Roswaal tried to persuade Subaru from such a perspective, but he was unable to change his mind, and in the end, Subaru’s proposal was approved.

Nonetheless, Subaru’s decision was not entirely without merit.

???: [Please, please, I humbly request, you handle Al-sama…]

And the one who said that, bowing their slightly curly pink crown of hair, was Schult, Priscilla Barielle’s servant and loyal vassal who had been carefully protected by her.

Though still a child, Schult was astute and determined to be strong. Despite the enormous shock of Priscilla’s death, he desperately tried to support himself with his own delicate legs, determined not to dishonor the name of his late master. Schult was also close to Al and had been deeply concerned about his trauma.

Subaru’s consideration for Al went a long way in winning Schult’s trust.

Making a favorable impression on Schult and earning the gratitude of the Emilia Camp would be a huge advantage in the upcoming Royal Selection―― particularly in dealing with the now vacant Barielle Domain.

When the Royal Selection began, Emilia and Priscilla became rivals, but they came to respect each other through mutual acceptance and became close friends. When Priscilla passed away, Emilia took on her legacy and supported the people of the Barielle Domain who had been under her protection. ――Schult, who was deeply loved by Priscilla, was essential to this.

Emilia also promised that she “wanted to be friends with Priscilla after the Royal Selection,” so some embellishment was just artistic license.

Hence, Roswaal reluctantly sent Subaru and the others to the Pleiades Watchtower and chose to accompany Schult back to the Barielle Domain. ――However, that had been a mistake.

???: [Subaru-sama and the others… Then, what about Garf? What happened to Garf? Garf went with them to protect Subaru-sama and the others!]

Clind: [Unfortunately, Garfiel was defeated by Aldebaran’s schemes and suffered serious injuries. He fainted. We had hoped that the effects of the Divine Protection of Earth Spirits would take effect, but… the fact that he was injured in the Augria Sand Dunes, a region filled with miasma, proved harmful, and its effects were less than expected. Weak.]

???: [Garf…]

As Roswaal pondered, Frederica, who had accompanied him to the Barielle Domain, overheard Clind talking about Garfiel’s condition while he was with Subaru and the others, and looked down in regret.

Her expression did not show disappointment or dismay at Garfiel’s failure to fulfill his expected role, but rather a deep sense of relief at being alive and concern for what hardships he faced.

Roswaal was also relieved that Garfiel was alive, but――,

Roswaal: […I don’t understaaand~. Al-dono’s strength is nowhere near Garfiel’s. Of course, Garfiel’s mind still has a lot of room for improvement, so it’s possible that he was attacked mentally and his opponent took advantage of that weakneeess~.]

Frederica: […With Garf, that is the most likely explanation. He is so gentle-hearted.]

Clind: [Kindness is not something to be condemned for. Even if it is for disciplining oneself, there is no need to choose harsh words deliberately. Highlight.]

Frederica: [You are always like this whenever this sort of thing comes up…]

In response to Clind’s thoughtful words, Frederica gritted her fangs with a complicated expression.

Their relationship began more than ten years ago, when Frederica left the Sanctuary and began working for Roswaal, but the rift that opened up between them was difficult to reconcile.

At first, Frederica looked up to Clind like an older brother and followed him around, calling him “Nii-sama, Nii-sama” at all times. However, when Frederica started to grow taller, their relationship changed completely.

Roswaal, who knew the circumstances, showed understanding toward Clind in what caused the issue, but Frederica, who was suddenly pushed away, was not convinced. Because of that, she had continued to harbor an intense disdain for him like a poisonous snake or a scorpion, and it was hard to express anything about it.

In any case――,

Roswaal: [Clind, judging from your attitude, I guess there was a situation where Garfiel could not be blamed… What haaappened~?]

Clind: [――. The husk of the Divine Dragon Volcanica has joined Aldebaran. In response, the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea-sama, has already set out to subdue it. Expedient.]

Frederica: [――Hk. Sword Saint-sama? But if that is the case…]

Roswaal: [Unbelievable, Al-dono defeated even Reinhard-kun?]

Clind: [To be precise, it would be more accurate to say that they have been constrained. Correction. In addition, various problems are repeatedly emerging in the Royal Capital. Master, we urgently request your assistance. Proposal.]

At Clind’s words, Roswaal narrowed his eyes and sank deep into thought.

Frederica’s emerald-green eyes were wide open with shock, staring, unable to process the overwhelming torrent of information, and Roswaal shared the same thoughts, more or less. The difference between her and him was that while she was understandably dumbfounded by the deluge of information, even though he was feeling the same, Roswaal still had a choice to make.

In other words, would this not be the appropriate time to fulfill his promise with Subaru?

Roswaal: [――――]

Before Subaru was officially knighted, after the situation surrounding the Sanctuary had settled, Roswaal told Subaru his thoughts and stance.

If Natsuki Subaru vowed to continue picking up all the pieces, Roswaal would resolve to take measures to make him start over if he ever were to lose anything in the future. That meant burning everything he did not wish to lose and the subsequent abandoning of the world in which his subjective self currently lived.

Roswaal: [With Priscilla-sama, it was a tricky decision.]

It was difficult to decide whether or not to include Priscilla in what Subaru considered to be “everything”.

However, Roswaal decided that the death of Priscilla, a preeminent political rival, would be a tailwind for Emilia, who wanted to win the Royal Selection, and therefore decided that her death was not covered by the Contract. ――Furthermore, he did not think that Priscilla’s death, based on what he knew, should be overturned.

Priscilla Barielle’s death was the result of her own choices.

Unless the individual was indispensable to Roswaal’s objectives, he would not deny that choice.

――But Subaru’s current situation appeared to be dire.

According to Clind, it would seem that there had been no severe casualties, but considering Al’s situation, it was only a matter of time before something happened. If something was going to happen sooner or later, then Subaru should be made to start anew, given how things were progressing.

If it were required to do so, Roswaal would do it.

However――,

Roswaal: [――Beatrice.]

Roswaal held a glimmer of hope for Beatrice, who had been taken captive alongside Subaru.

It was not because Beatrice was a Great Spirit who had mastered the Yin attribute, nor because she was an unparalleled being created by Echidna, the Witch of Greed, the greatest magician of the world, nor because she would protect Subaru with her strong feelings of determination and resolve as his Contracted Spirit.

For Roswaal, it was an extremely perplexing and difficult emotion to process, but there was no basis for it.

Roswaal wanted to believe in Beatrice, he could not help but feel that way.

???: [――Margrave-sama, I most graciously ask for your help.]

It was not Frederica or Clind who spoke.

Schult, who had been present in the mansion’s reception room at the meeting to discuss the future of the Barielle Domain, interjected.

When Clind appeared after using Compression to teleport, Schult repeatedly exclaimed, “Huh?” and “Ah!” in surprise at his report. But now, the child who had just spoken to Roswaal appeared to have lost much of his previous weakness―― no, it had been completely hidden.

People would call that hidden, untouchable mask either courage or determination.

Schult: [I apologize on behalf of Al-sama for what he has done. Furthermore, I implore you not to allow Al-sama to do any further harmful behavior.]

Frederica: [Schult-sama…]

Schult: [I will be fine. Everyone at the mansion will help for Priscilla-sama’s sake… so please, I beg you!]

Schult bowed his head deeply, and Frederica looked at Schult’s trembling shoulders, then turned her gaze to Roswaal. In her eyes, there was a plea for him to accept Schult’s wish, and a desire to help him, but――,

Roswaal: [If I’m to act upon Schult-kun’s wishes to the fullest, we can’t leave Frederica behind. Especially if Al-dono has the Divine Dragon with hiiim~.]

Frederica: [Master, what do you mean by that…?]

Clind: [――I will tend to that. Volunteer.]

Frederica frowned, perplexed about her connection to the Divine Dragon, but before she could ask for an answer to her doubts, Clind spoke up.

Frederica found herself confused by what he meant, but Roswaal was not. Clind’s words had a meaning beyond their surface meaning.

Clind thought that no matter how many words he used, Roswaal would not change his decision. Seeing Roswaal’s gaze, Clind slightly relaxed his lips and spoke.

Clind: [I was captivated by a soul so dazzling that I was moved to no longer be a bystander. Jealousy.] So he spoke.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――This guy, it seems like he’s able ta go back ta time gone by. But, it don’t seem ta go very far back, though.]

???: [————]

As soon as those words left Rom-jii’s mouth, the room was swept over by a silence that contained all the various conceived thoughts in that moment.

Emilia’s beautiful, gem-like eyes opened wide, while Rem’s eyes, sparkling like the surface of a clear lake, blinked rapidly.

Meanwhile, it was not hard to tell that Ram was clearly puzzled, as Meili tilted her head while playing with her braids,

Meili: [I don’t really get what you’re saying at all~.]

She muttered an impression similar to Emilia’s.

If Clind had been there, someone might have been able to react more calmly to Rom-jii’s report, but Clind, who had just brought Rem and Ram, had been requested to meet Roswaal and the others, so they could not see his response.

Still, not having to hear that topic whilst Roswaal was present alongside the others might have been a blessing in disguise.

???: [Turning back time, that’s…]

“Subaru”: [——Return by Death.]

“Subaru” muttered those words, folding his arms, as Petra’s voice faintly trembled beside him.

Petra looked up at him at those words, and had no room left within to let her heart flutter at her beloved for having reached the same conclusion she had.

After one clash with him, Rom-jii surmised that Al was utilizing an Authority outside of the norm.

He had managed to hold off Garfiel and Ezzo at the Pleiades Watchtower, fought bravely against Reinhard at the Augria Sand Dunes, albeit with the help of the Divine Dragon, and with just three people broke through the five-hundred man Felt Camp led by Rom-jii, and finally took Roy Alphard of Gluttony from the Royal Capital, even evading an unrestrained, enraged Emilia in the process.

That was, as for all the misdeeds and grave sins Al perpetrated, the dots finally began to connect as it all started coming together.

It was possible. ——That Al, the same as Subaru, could wield Return by Death.

“Subaru”: [Al’s a guy from another world just like me. So there’s a considerable chance he awakened to a similar pattern as me. I mean, in isekai stories that type of pattern’s a given. Why didn’t I think of this, I’m beyond stupid…!]

Petra: [Then, as expected, Al-san is the same as Subaru?]

“Subaru”: [Yeah, there’s a high chance of that. No, maybe it’s a leap ability similar to mine, just a type that’s more user-friendly; there’s a possibility. That is to say, the real pleasure and fun often comes from seeing the differences between isekai powers and figuring out that they aren’t exactly the same as one another.]

Petra: [You’re betting your life, so who cares about cliches or the real pleasure? The important thing is we’ve discovered one of Al-san’s secrets, so what are we going to do about it?]

“Subaru”: [Yeah, yes, that’s exactly right… But I’ve unraveled a bunch of things. If that’s really the case, then maybe he could sneak past Reinhard and set traps for him and stuff… Could he? Like actually? Is Return by Death enough to do something about Reinhard? Wouldn’t you need to die like a hundred times?]

Now that Al was suspected to be the user of some other sort of time leap ability, “Subaru” held his head in frustration.

Honestly, Petra did not hold the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea as utterly high up in opinion as her surrounders did. Maybe it was because she had not met him in person, but if he truly was as strong as she had heard he was, then carrying out feats to match that did not seem astonishing.

Rather, the person that took on enemies stronger than themself, produced results that surpassed expectations, and the one who took on those who held power greater than theirs with all they could muster was Subaru; Petra thought he was very cool.

That was why Petra was very disheartened to see “Subaru” estimate himself below Reinhard, she wanted him to puff out his chest and say how cool he was. That said, if too many people became aware of Subaru’s greatness, that could result in another potential problem.

Petra: [Well, with me, Emilia-neesama, and Rem-neesama, along with Beatrice-chan and Patrasche-chan, I think we’ve got a flawless lineup for now.]

Even if someone were to realize Subaru’s charm a bit late and tried to cut in, they had already formed an impregnable enclosure that simply could not be penetrated; that gave Petra confidence.

Presently, her concern was Subaru’s overkindliness, and the possibility that he might have shown some bias to the other side, but even so, she trusted Emilia would remain in his number one spot. ——Although, that was also the thing that gave Petra considerable worries.

In any case——,

???: [If Rom-sama is sane and doesn’t have tunnel vision, then this is troublesome indeed.]

Rom: [I care a lot ‘bout that lass’s case, so yer understandin’ helps. That’s how Aldebaran managed ta break through even our encirclement. And Emilia bein’ bested in the Royal Capital was also likely thanks ta that guy’s Authority.]

Emilia: [Umm, I apologize. I still don’t really understand…]

As for Ram and Rom-jii, these particularly sharp two, they seemed ready to progress the conversation swiftly; Emilia put a stop to that. At Emilia’s side, Rem cutely nodded,

Rem: [I feel the same as Emilia-sama. Turning back time, was it? Nee-sama, what does that mean…]

Ram: [That’s right, Rom-sama didn’t sufficiently explain matters to you, Rem, who have just woken up and aren’t yourself yet. Take a look at this.]

Rem: [That’s… a gold coin?]

Ram stepped forward softly, showing Emilia and Rem the gold coin placed in her hand.

The gold coin was engraved with the image of the famed Divine Dragon Volcanica, and gripping that coin tightly, after she had flaunted it to Emilia and the others, Ram flipped her hand, and let the gold coin fall.

Watching the arc it drew as it fell to the floor, Petra understood Ram’s intent. The gold coin hitting the floor would serve as a metaphor of the advantages of time leaping.

Emilia: [Watch out! Honestly, Ram, you can be such a clumsy scatterbrain.]

Rem: [Nee-sama is sometimes unexpectedly careless. That’s also part of her charm.]

But, before the gold coin hit the floor, Emilia, moving swiftly, picked it up. She returned the coin to Ram, as Rem said something somewhere in the midpoint between comforting and encouraging.

The expression on Ram’s face after she retrieved the gold coin was full of meaning.

“Subaru”: [Hey, wasn’t Ram trying to show that it falls if you didn’t know it would, but if you had known it was going to fall you could stop it?]

Petra: [Probably. But this works out, let’s leave the explaining to Ram-neesama. There’s no time to be all content chatting with Emilia-neesama and Ram-neesama.]

She felt a bit bad for leaving it to Ram, but while Emilia and Rem were still catching up, Petra shifted to the next issue—— she racked her brain on how to really deal with Al.

She wanted a bit more details on whatever Al’s Authority was. If, just if, it turned out they could refute Subaru’s earlier speculation——,

Meili: [——Petra-chan, are you okay~?]

Petra: [Meili-chan…]

While Ram and Rom-jii were focused on explaining things to Emilia and Rem, it was Meili who rather unexpectedly called out to Petra.

Meili, too, was on the meager side of understanding the concept of a time leap, but she prioritized Petra’s wellbeing rather than knowing Al’s Authority.

Reaching her hand out gently, she touched Petra’s cheek, and murmured “so warm”.

Meili: [We’ve been running in a rush around nonstop~ since leaving the Tower, so I haven’t brought it up yet, but I know you read a Book in the Tower, Petra-chan, okay~?]

Petra: [Yeah, that’s true. ——I would appreciate it if you’d keep quiet about it to Emilia-neesama and the others.]

Meili: […You’re keeping quiet because you don’t want to worry the others, right~?]

Petra: [Yes, of course.]

Petra firmly clasped Meili’s hand, that had been on her forehead, with both of her hands.

Just as Meili had said, Petra probably did have a bit of a fever. Although, rather than poor physical shape, she thought it was a fever from her brain overthinking.

As it was, she already had a lot on her mind, and now it felt like her little brain was now also in charge of dealing with “Subaru’s” thoughts and emotions as well.

Maybe it was because of how deeply she cared, but just reading the Book of the Dead of that sole person, of Subaru, had left her like this. Ezzo, who had read more than ten of them, had to be completely off the rails, and as for the one who had built the grand library, Flugel, who had probably designed and built it so that only such lunatics could handle it, he had to be completely out of his mind.

He was surely the type to assume if he could do it then anyone could, the kind of thinking that truly irritated Petra like nothing else for better or worse.

But at the same time, Petra also thought this.

If not for that Great Library, there were so many things she would have gone her whole life without ever knowing.

And among the things she had come to know, there were definitely things she wanted to know. So long as that flame within her heart continued to burn, Petra did not want to stop.

Even when all was said and done, her mind was still seething.

Petra: [And also, I’ve been thinking.]

Meili: […Thinking… what about~?]

Petra: [If what Rom-jii said is right, and Al-san’s Authority is what I think it is, then…]

“Subaru”: [Petra?]

As Petra lowered her eyes and pressed a finger to her pale lips, Meili and “Subaru” leaned in toward her. The two of them could not see nor recognize each other, yet their puzzled reactions were so matching that Petra almost laughed at the comicality; then she spoke.

What she said was——,

Petra: [——I think I might know Al-san’s weak point.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Felt: [――So the one who put Reinhard’s mother to sleep, was Reinhard himself?]

Having hesitated to put that to words, something quite unusual for her, Felt thought bitterly of herself.

And that was not because it was a matter concerning Reinhard. No, in a sense, it was.

Since their initial meeting, Felt was constantly being thrown off balance by Reinhard, and regarding incidents involving him, there were many times where she could not pass judgment or make decisions typical of herself. That was influenced by him continuing to forcibly prevent the results of her decisions, and to take it a step further, was influenced by the fact that he had seen her with a teary face near the loot house at the very beginning.

But, likely the greatest factor, was that Reinhard had given up on many things.

That was what made Felt hesitate to fully accept Reinhard. Simultaneously, it was the reason why Reinhard would never entrust anything to Felt from the bottom of his heart.

There was a philosophy of the slums that resided within Felt, a wise saying that went “live strong”.

No matter where one was born, no matter who one was, the saying believed that a person’s spirit could survive no matter what might befall them. When taking that philosophy into consideration, Reinhard was not living strong.

Be it as a lion, as a Dragon, or as a human being, Reinhard was half-hearted.

But, if part of the reason for that was the truth that Felt had just come to realize――,

Felt: [――Nah, if that’s so, it doesn’t add up.]

However, Felt immediately refuted the hypothesis she had just come up with.

With a certain conviction, Felt carefully examined the relationship between Reinhard and his slumbering mother―― Louanna Astrea, but supposing that Reinhard was aware of the truth, his actions and conduct up to this point would not make coherent sense.

Of course, it was not impossible that Reinhard was concealing that truth from Felt, calmly covering up the fact that he was involved with the cause of his mother’s inability to wake up.

Felt: [Not a chance. That klutz could never pull off something so shrewd.]

Was there anybody else in the world besides Felt who could have described Reinhard like this?

Well, those who foisted their ideals and dreams upon the Sword Saint would surely harbor objections, but the garbage treatment of Reinhard within the Felt Camp had been relatively normalized.

The sisters Flam and Grassis had known him for a long time, and took advantage of their familiarity to embarrass Reinhard with their cute sarcasm, and the stray dogs divorced from notions of respect, Gaston, Rachins, and Camberley, incessantly bombarded Reinhard with a well-grounded stream of bad-mouthing.

Ezzo, who frequently interfered with the management of the Astrea Family’s territories, was often greatly troubled, saying “How have they managed up until now…”, and Rom-jii, who seemed to not harbor a favorable impression of the Sword Saint, never changed his blunt demeanor towards Reinhard since the beginning.

And of course, the one who lambasted and insulted Reinhard the most in the world, besmirching his title of the supposed ideal, greatest Knight, was none other than Felt.

The various words and actions from the Camp’s individuals, Reinhard had taken it all.

And when taking it, what did he do? ――He smiled.

In a truly joyful manner, he smiled.

In those moments alone, it was as if he had not given up on anything at all.

Felt: [Even if that fuckface hides his true feelings, that sorta smile can’t be faked.]

That was Felt’s conclusion, and unlike the people who placed their excessive hopes in Reinhard, it was an idea that could only be produced by someone who saw Reinhard in such a manner.

Hence, besides Felt, the only ones who could talk about Reinhard in this way were the members of her Camp, the Knights who were Reinhard’s close friends, and――,

Felt: [I’m tempted to add the fact that he’s your kid to the reasons why I think he’s incapable of hiding things.]

Before Felt as she scratched her head, having been socked in his mug, Heinkel was down on one knee gripping the sword that had been tossed back to him with a face as pale as could be.

Pouring too much strength into his hand gripping the sword, the fingers and hand had turned white, trembling in a rattle.

The emotions behind that were neither anger, nor fear, nor sorrow, but they were clearly communicated to Felt by Heinkel’s quivering blue eyes regardless.

If those emotions were to be expressed in a single word, despair would likely be the most apt.

A truth that he could not afford for anyone to discover had been discovered; such was his unavoidable, inescapable despair. That deeply etched despair bound Heinkel in his entirety, and had driven him into a corner.

His figure was so exceedingly wretched that it gave Felt the illusion that Heinkel’s very life had been plucked away by despair.

But, in all likelihood, Heinkel would not die so easily. If his life was one capable of being stolen by a despair that swathed him entirely, it would have happened a long time ago.

Heinkel: [―― Ah, kuh, uh, no, uh .]

Repeatedly opening and closing his mouth, Heinkel continued to mutter in a voice that formed no words.

Narrowing her red eyes at Heinkel’s reaction, Felt contemplated the relationship between Reinhard and the man before her eyes as the starry sky looked down on them through the gap in the rocks.

――With her decision to take part in the Royal Selection, Felt had made Reinhard her Knight.

From Felt’s perspective, Reinhard was the strongest Knight in the world, known as the Sword Saint, but at the same time, he was the person responsible for separating Felt and Rom-jii, and who furthermore was a loathsome individual who annoyed Felt by trying to refine her and make her wear dresses and shoes with high-heels.

Since that impression existed within Felt, she had never made any effort to pry into Reinhard’s circumstances, but―― she came to hear about them whether she liked it or not.

About how Reinhard was treated by the Astrea Family, and how he was perceived by society.

What arose especially frequently in conversation were rumors surrounding the death of the previous generation’s Sword Saint, Theresia van Astrea, and the circumstances leading to the official recognition of Reinhard as the Sword Saint after inheriting the Divine Protection of the Sword Saint―― those being the incident when he was eight years old, where he stopped the invasion of the Kingdom plotted by a machiavellian of the three countries, and the unerasable stain of his complete obedience to Heinkel Astrea in the years that followed, persisting until around the time he joined the Guard.

Reinhard did not speak much on any of these events, and Felt had not questioned him about them either, but it now gave her a strong feeling of unease.

The most extreme idea being that Reinhard was at one point completely obedient to Heinkel.

If that was the truth, then what exactly was Heinkel fighting so hard for?

Felt had not investigated Reinhard, but in order to grasp the circumstances regarding the power held by the head of the Astrea Family, she had investigated Heinkel.

Heinkel had quite a poor reputation, but most of it was about his failures as a Knight and as a father, and everything Heinkel had tried to forcibly accomplish using the name of the Astrea Family was entirely in an attempt to gain the means to awaken the slumbering Louanna.

She would not describe him as living humbly, but he was far removed from the common luxuries of nobility, and had made curtailments in most facets of his lifestyle so that he could devote everything to waking his wife; that was the impression of him that she got from the numerical figures.

But――,

Felt: [If you really had Reinhard’s complete obedience, you could’ve done anything you wanted.]

In both fame and might, there existed nobody in the Kingdom who exceeded Reinhard.

He might have had the integrity to deem it unacceptable to ever use Reinhard for his own purposes, but not if Heinkel was anything like the rumors suggested.

If the rumors about Heinkel were true, he could have used Reinhard’s fame, might, or whatever else was required to entirely skip the process of going out to locations by himself, negotiating directly with the other side, and resorting to forcing his way through swordsmanship if that proved insufficient.

Instead, he did his best to avoid involvement with Reinhard, and persisted with a hangup to awaken his slumbering wife through his own efforts, but why?

If his wife was more important to him than anything else, then the scales would not tip no matter what was placed on the other side. ――That was, only so long as something equally weighty was not placed there.

In that case――,

Felt: [Your fucking… your approach to what’s important to you, is way too damn twisted.]

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

That instant, the cowering Heinkel grit his teeth, and a light dashed.

Feeling the upsurge of swordly aura as a gust of wind, Felt understood that what had appeared as a flash was an attack of Heinkel’s sword, unsheathed in the blink of an eye, whose chilly point was now fastened to her neck.

Heinkel: [Stop… going on and on… about what’s none of your damn business.]

Felt: [Oi, I’ll say this now, but…]

Heinkel: [DON’T MOVE A FUCKING MUSCLE!]

With eyes bloodshot and spittle foaming at the corners of his mouth, Heinkel’s shout caused Felt to bite the inside of her cheek, lamenting her own blunder of excessively pressing him.

Unlike earlier when she had hit him back, when it was clearly just a threat, the current aura being emitted from Heinkel was charged with a definite intent to kill.

She understood that the source of that intent was neither hatred nor indignation, but rather a certain kind of defensive instinct, but that was exactly why she realized she had drawn out far too troublesome emotions from him.

As tension ran through Felt’s entire body, Heinkel’s blue eyes violently trembled before her,

Heinkel: [This, is my problem. I can’t stand it when outsiders delve into it without a shred of reserve. Much less when it’s a brat like you, I won’t let you learn about any more of this――]

Felt: [――More? So you’re saying there’s still something else?]

Heinkel: [――Hk, SHUT THE FUCK UUUUUUUP!]

Catching on to something at the end of Heinkel’s words, Felt unconsciously blurted that out. Right after she thought she had once again triggered a violent tremor in Heinkel’s expression, he erupted.

Then, the tip of his sword was drawn back for but a moment before accelerating, and it thrust forward a step further―― it happened the instant before that could come to pass.

???: [I’m begging you, please don’t do anything to provoke the old man.]

Heinkel: [Gah!?]

A figure swooped down, and in its hand was a stone sword―― with a stone dao, it had mercilessly struck the temporal region of the kneeling Heinkel, causing the latter to fall flat onto the ground.

As Heinkel fell over, his eyes rolled into the back of his head. Standing beside him and shrugging his shoulders in exasperation was Aldebaran, who had intervened when the situation grew perilous.

And in response to Aldebaran’s entrance, Felt softly snorted her nose,

Felt: [Bastard, you were just watching until I was in serious danger, weren’t you?]

Aldebaran: [Though, you were also just talking to the old man with a hunch that I was keeping an eye out to make sure you didn’t carelessly get yourself killed, Felt-chan. That ain’t a cute way of conducting yourself.]

Felt: [After all, I absolutely hate being called cute.]

Sticking out her tongue with a “Behhh”, Felt gave Aldebaran no thanks whatsoever for being saved.

Only, checking to see that the collapsed Heinkel had not died, she sighed. ――From Heinkel’s last few words there, it seemed like there was still something else with Reinhard.

He was the Sword Saint, seemingly the reason behind his mother’s slumber, and something else on top of that which Heinkel was hiding――.

Felt: [Feels like it’d be irresponsible to say I won’t ask anything until he speaks up.]

Aldebaran: [Well, that’s a fine declaration of your intent. Do you understand the situation?]

Felt: [From what you say, you’ve got no intention of harming me, and once you’ve finished everything for your objective, you’ll let the Royal Selection resume, yeah? I think it’d be best if you were defeated, but for now, whether you win or lose, the things I’ve gotta do from here on out are the same.]

Aldebaran: [Can’t argue with that.]

As Aldebaran lightheartedly waved his right hand, Felt snorted once more; taking the sword still clutched tight in Heinkel’s grip, she aligned its tip with the scabbard, and sheathed it.

The moment before it fully returned to its sheath, the blade of the sword inscribed “Astrea” shimmered in a manner that appeared excessively merciless and cold to Felt’s eyes, irritating her all the more.

--- Chapter 38: Scorched by the Sun ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――In other words, if this was not a gold coin, but a full-powered attack by Garf, Emilia-sama, who would already know what Garf was going to do, could easily avoid his very obvious attack, then counterattack, and leave him crying and groaning.]

Emilia: [I see, so that’s what you mean… but wait! It would be bad to make Garfiel cry. I would rather find a way to befriend Garfiel instead.]

???: [If so, you would not have to fight back, because if Emilia-sama can just keep a cool facade and effortlessly avoid Garf’s attacks, eventually Garf’s mind would break and the matter would be settled amicably.]

Emilia: [Then that is reassuring… reassuring? Really? Even though it would break his mind?]

Emilia said that with a big question mark over her head as Rem handed her back the gold coin.

At the moment, in her mind, Garfiel was too busy crying like a child, or collapsing to his knees in despair. Rem, who had taken over the role of explaining Aldebaran’s Authority from Ram, was relieved to hear that she had managed to give a brief explanatory overview of Aldebaran’s Authority―― “Turning Back Time”.

Ram: [You’re amazing, Rem. You did a great job of getting Emilia-sama to understand.]

Rem: [Happy to be able to help, Nee-sama. Even though Garf had to be sacrificed.]

Ram: [If all it takes is for him to cry and be depressed to keep things going, Garf would happily endure it. It sounds like he’s sleeping peacefully, so Ram will have to go and visit him later.]

Rem: [Yes, that’s right. Garf would be delighted to have Nee-sama visit him…]

Seeing Ram shrug her thin shoulders dismissively in exasperation, a complicated, bitter feeling ran through Rem’s heart.

Now that Rem had regained her memory, she remembered that she and Garfiel were originally at odds over Ram. From childhood, Rem had disliked Garfiel for the way he dared to nurture feelings for Ram without knowing his place, such that it had resulted in them arguing with each other many times.

However, when she thought back on Garfiel’s efforts in the Empire and the conversations they had on the way home, she felt extremely guilty about the way she had treated and viewed him as she had in the past.

More importantly, Garfiel was unable to fulfill his role of protecting Subaru, Beatrice, and the others. When he finally woke up from his slumber, he would surely be extremely depressed and most likely blame himself.

Rem: [It’s sad to hound Garf like that… but I understand. Rem will have to let it go. Now we need Garf to recover as soon as possible and become a part of our fighting force to help rescue that person.]

Ram: [Right. But there’s nothing wrong with being bound by your possessiveness, Rem. If you don’t want to do it, we can put Garf’s matter off for later, okay?]

Rem: [But, you know full well that I will not ask you not to go, right, Nee-sama?]

Ram: [No clue.]

Rem sighed at the dazzle of Ram, who smiled thinly and responded in a dignified manner.

How much of Ram’s compassion and concern had been idly wasted in the two periods of time she was asleep and without memories?

Of course, Ram was not the only person Rem worried about.

It caused trouble for everyone within the Camp and even those outside of it as well. ――Fortunately, Rem originally did not have any friendships with anyone other than those involved, so the possible damage in that sense was minimal.

Rem: [Rather, it seems that before my memory returned, I was able to interact better with Katya-san, Mizelda-san, and others than I did when I regained it…]

Looking back on the recollection of her life story, Rem had those impressions.

Even though she was transported to the Vollachian Empire by chance and had to survive, it was not surprising that Rem had been more open to establish relationships with people when she had no other choice.

To top it all off, Rem had been entirely unkind to Subaru, always pushing him away when he only was trying to stay close and devoted to her and so on, over and over again; it made her want to strangle herself.

Rem: [If only Subaru-kun had looked Rem in the eye and talked to me directly… ah, but Rem was the one who refused to do so, ugh…]

Some part of Rem wanted to defend herself, saying that it could not be helped because she had no memory, and some part wanted to convince herself that she could have conveyed her sincere feelings if she had managed to face Subaru directly.

Regardless, the fact remained that Rem had caused a great deal of inconvenience to those around her, especially Subaru, so she had to do everything in her power to make up for it.

Rem: [First, Rem will resolve this situation successfully. After that, to show Subaru-kun my gratitude, Rem’s own fingers must be broken… that’s what I have to do.]

???: […If you do that, Subaru won’t be happy, and he might even die from shock, so please don’t do it.]

Rem: [Oh, Petra-san…]

When Rem turned around after her secret resolution was heard, she saw Petra with a troubled brow. Thinking that she should not have let her hear that, Rem pointed the palm of her hand at her and said, “No,”

Rem: [Please don’t try to stop me. Rem owes Subaru-kun many apologies. If my unworthiness is not punished, I won’t be able to face Subaru-kun…]

Petra: [So, you’re punishing yourself because you want to feel better, not because you want to apologize to Subaru, Rem-neesama?]

Rem: [That’s not what I mean…]

Petra: [Even if you don’t mean it like that, I’m just saying that’s how it’s going to end up. Okay? What Subaru wants you to do is not to punish yourself for it, but to accept the happiness that you have been missing out on while you were asleep, Rem-neesama.]

Rem: [――――]

As Petra softly lowered the corners of her eyes, Rem’s breath involuntarily caught at the former’s words.

It was a gentle and sweet admonition that sounded similar to the words Subaru had said to Rem when she blamed herself on the morning that the Witchbeast incident had been solved in Arlam Village, the first day that Rem had felt special feelings for Subaru.

For some reason, the Petra before her eyes seemed to overlap with the Subaru from that time, just a little.

Rem: […Surely, that is all the more proof of the influence that person has had on everyone, isn’t it?]

Petra: [Huh? What do you mean, Rem-neesama?]

Rem: [Nothing. Petra-san, your words brought back some very fond and cherished memories of mine. Do you remember when the Witchbeasts attacked Arlam Village?]

Petra: […Um, yeah, yes. I remember.]

At Rem’s question, Petra’s cheeks slightly tensed up. Then, Petra’s gaze flickered towards the girl standing in the corner of the room, Meili.

She apparently had joined the Camp while Rem was asleep and had been serving a role in the Kingdom while Emilia and the others had struggled in the Empire. She seemed vaguely familiar, but why was Petra paying attention to her now?

Petra: [ Ahem . Anyway, please don’t do anything that could cause harm to yourself, Rem-neesama. The world would fall into darkness if your precious white and delicate fingers were to get hurt.]

Rem: [Petra-san…]

Petra: [If you absolutely insist on doing it, I’ll take responsibility and break my fingers too!]

Rem: [Petra-san!?]

When Petra suddenly clenched her small hands into fists, Rem’s voice involuntarily pierced a shrill note. Petra smiled mischievously at Rem’s reaction, and she continued, “That’s why”,

Petra: [You mustn’t do such a thing, yes?]

Rem: [――. Yes… understood.]

With that reminder from Petra, Rem nervously gave her a nod.

This was partly because she had succumbed to Petra’s enthusiasm, but it would be more correct to say that the Subaru-like impression she was getting from Petra blocked any room for a counterargument.

She also seemed to have overlapped with Subaru just earlier, but the way she held back Rem now―― the way she had offset Rem’s hastiness by crashing directly into her with her own extremes was very much like him.

Rem: [――――]

Getting a keen sense for the magnitude of Subaru’s influence through Petra, Rem fell silent.

In a way, Petra’s current state seemed to indicate that she understood Subaru better than Rem did, and it would not have been strange for her to harbor jealousy or feelings of envy. But oddly enough, Rem did not feel any such emotions towards Petra whatsoever.

She did not know why that was, but thinking of Subaru just now, another splinter caught in Rem’s heart.

That was――,

Rem: [――Aldebaran-san’s, Authority.]

That which she had just finished explaining to Emilia by using a gold coin, the Authority of “Turning Back Time”.

Thanks to Ram’s very patient explanation, Rem had comprehended just how terrifying such a thing was, but as she thought about it more in order to explain it to Emilia, some suspicions began to simmer within herself.

An Authority to observe the future that laid ahead, and avoid that which was undesirable by turning back the clock――,

Rem: [――That person, as well?]

That spark of suspicion that had faintly sprouted grew quickly within Rem, spreading like an inferno as it burned through the fields of her thoughts. Then, amidst the scorched ashes that remained, there laid a number of embers that had ignited, feeding the flame even more.

For instance, how there was always a thick fragrance of Miasma that hung over Subaru.

For instance, how Miasma would often grow deeper and more intense, as if it was enveloping Subaru.

For instance, how Subaru would read into situations with inexplicable insight, and find a path through to the solution.

For instance, how a multitude of deaths had been averted thanks to Subaru’s presence, with Rem having been one amongst them.

When taken individually, these elements would seem like nothing more than nitpicking, but when taken with that single rule-breaking factor at its core, an Authority, everything fit together surprisingly well.

But, in the one in ten-thousand chance that Rem’s intuition was correct, the boy known as Natsuki Subaru, despite possessing a nearly unparalleled power――,

Rem: [He only ever uses it for the sake of others… What a selfless person he is.]

If one could start over at any time and revise things to suit their own convenience, nothing would stop them from behaving selfishly, and reshaping the world as they pleased.

However, Subaru did no such thing, nor would he ever employ such methods. ――That was best understood by Rem, who represented someone who had not bent to Subaru’s will.

If Subaru had been utilizing his power to bend people’s minds to his wishes, then Rem would never have managed to break Subaru’s fingers.

In other words, the fact that Subaru’s fingers had been broken was proof of his sincerity.

Rem: [Maybe Rem should also break her fingers to match Subaru-kun’s after all…!]

Petra: [Even though I just got you to give up on doing that!?]

Rem: [You’re mistaken, Petra-san. This time is not for some backwards, negative reason like being unable to face him, but a forwards-facing, positive one like wanting to share the same pain as Subaru-kun…]

Petra: [Whether it’s forward, backward, upward, or downward, that’s a BIG FAT NO!]

With nobody willing to listen to her, Rem’s enthusiasm fell flat.

Anyhow, putting aside the matter of finger-breaking, Rem’s idea that Subaru possessed an Authority of the same type as Aldebaran’s was one that she was only growing more confident in. But, even after hearing the details of “Turning Back Time,” it seemed like Ram, Emilia and the rest had not arrived at the same conclusion that Rem had.

Perhaps it was because Rem harbored a deeper understanding of Subaru―― that was not the case.

Rem: […Rather, it’s the opposite.]

Unlike Rem, the reason why Emilia and the others had not arrived at this notion was because they, continuing to live whilst Rem slumbered, knew just how hard Subaru had been working each day until now.

From what she had been told, during the time Rem had been asleep that lasted greater than a year, Subaru made a Contract with Beatrice, and had worked tirelessly to become a Knight worthy of Emilia. Because they knew of Subaru’s efforts, they would not have harbored any suspicions that any other elements had contributed to his successes.

And though it was so vexing that it felt as if her heart was on the verge of being torn asunder, Rem knew nothing of those efforts. ――That was why there was such a massive gap between her and those who had surrounded him in their perception of what Subaru was capable of.

But, that in no way diminished Subaru’s heroism.

Above all, the fact that Subaru had now fallen into this situation meant that even if he possessed an Authority, it was not omnipotent, and therefore the reality that Subaru had mustered up all of his wisdom and courage to take the hands of others and move forward remained unshakeable.

So even now, there still remained plenty of opportunity for Rem to become Subaru’s strength.

Rem: [Knowing that… Nee-sama!]

The captive Subaru needed their help. ――With that certainty in her own thinking, Rem hastened to share her thoughts with Ram and everyone else, hoping to increase the fuel for their discussion.

It was a theory based on intuition and the Oni’s ability to smell Miasma, so it would be difficult to convince them, but she was sure that Ram, who was very intelligent, and Emilia, who was very accepting, would listen to what she had to say in earnest.

With that thought in mind, Rem was about to speak out to Ram and the rest, the former of whom had turned towards her and asked, “What’s the matter?”――,

???: [――We have now returned. Tardiness.]

It happened at that moment.

In the hall of the Royal Residence, where Rem and the others had gathered, two men appeared as if in the blink of an eye. One was Clind, a handsome man wearing a monocle that gave off an impression of intelligence. And the person Clind had brought alongside him was Rem’s master, whom she had known for a long time, and owed a great debt of gratitude to――,

Emilia: [Roswaal! You came!]

Roswaal: [Yesss~, Clind has informed me of the situation. I’ve now heard about Subaru-kun and Beatrice’s predicament, and of the circumstances that could possibly shake the very foundation of the Royal Selection, but I’m simply too exhausted from our travels to the Empire… I could never affooord~ to say such a thiiing~.]

Emilia: [Hmm, that’s reaaally reassuring. We’ll fill you in on all our discussions right away… but, before that…]

Roswaal: [――?]

Emilia greeted the tall figure that was Roswaal, who had just appeared, and gestured with her hand towards Rem, who had been standing just behind him.

Roswaal turned his head at Emilia’s gesture, and his heterochromatic eyes focused in on Rem. In response, Rem pinched her skirt and performed the proper curtsey,

Rem: [Roswaal-sama, it has been a terribly long leave of absence. Allow for thanks to once again be bestowed for venturing to retrieve us from the Empire. ――Rem has returned to service.]

Roswaal: [――――]

Roswaal’s throat rumbled slightly upon witnessing Rem’s gratitude and return to service. The next moment, his tall body began to stagger as if he were dizzy.

Ram: [Roswaal-sama!]

Roswaal: [Ah, no, I’m fine, I’m fine… It was just so sudden, as if I was about to drown in informaaation~.]

Standing by his side, Ram quickly steadied his body, to which Roswaal responded with a wry smile.

It seemed that because Rem’s Name had been regurgitated, it had caused a resurgence of Memories.

It was disappointing that it had not been through the power of her bond with Subaru, who had zealously polished her iron ball―― the Morningstar, but seeing the place she occupied within others being filled again after such a long vacancy was not a bad feeling. Though, there were some who might have called it tactless.

Either way――,

Roswaal: [――Welcome back, Rem. Once this situation has settled down, why don’t we discuss what has been happening with the mansion in the time you were absent… about Ram, in particulaaar~?]

Rem: [Yes. I look forward to it from the bottom of my heart.]

With great comprehension, Roswaal was able to quickly move on from the shock of remembering Rem. Impressed by the strength of her master’s spirit, Rem tried again to reopen the conversation anew.

However, Rem’s sleeve was tugged firmly from behind――,

Petra: [Master, wasn’t Frederica-neesama with you?]

Roswaal: [Yes, I had Frederica stay in the Barielle Domain. I already agreed to give my help there after all. I also couldn’t bear to leave Schult-kun alone, furthermore, Clind said he would fulfill Frederica’s expected rooole~.]

Petra: [Fulfilling Frederica-neesama’s role? Can Clind-niisama really do that?]

Clind: [Harsh. I must endeavor to dispel those doubts. Strenuous Effort.]

Petra frowned as she confirmed Frederica’s whereabouts, seeing that she did not return with Roswaal and the others, while Clind calmly vowed to make up for her absence.

During this exchange, Rem had turned her head to look at Petra’s profile as she tugged on her sleeve and asked, “Petra-san?”.

Petra had just now clearly interrupted Rem and changed the subject, bringing up a different topic. Of course, the whereabouts of Frederica was another area of concern, but her actions had another meaning of significance.

While Rem pondered this, Emilia introduced Rom-jii to Roswaal and began to talk about which countermeasures they would need to take across Camp boundaries. Seeing this, Petra turned to Rem and gave her a small beckoning gesture.

That was when――,

Petra: […Perhaps you also noticed something about Subaru, Rem-neesama?]

Rem: [――! The way you said that, Petra-san, have you also noticed Subaru-kun has an Authority…?]

Petra: [Don’t say anything more than that… The Witch might hear you.]

Rem: [――――]

Rem could not help but keep silent when Petra put her finger to her own lips in a shushing gesture.

Petra did not explicitly say so, but her words indicated exactly what was on Rem’s mind―― it was evidence enough to prove that Petra also thought that Subaru also had the Authority of “Turning Back Time.” From the words that followed, Rem could guess that Petra had been privy to more information than she was.

It was a bit of a stretch to say that the Witch would hear them, but――,

Rem: [As I already heard that Reinhard-sama is holding back the Witch of Envy at the Augria Sand Dunes, this is not something that I can laugh off as an exaggeration.]

Petra: [Yes, it has to do with that. I’m not absolutely sure that is the case, but I think it’s best if we don’t talk about this subject. ――I don’t want to ever experience that feeling again.]

Petra’s mutterings were filled with an almost frightening level of earnest realism that they carried a weight as if she had personally experienced the consequences from uttering those taboo words.

Naturally, Petra’s quiet appeal made Rem stop speaking and swallow those words into the back of her throat. But that meant missing the opportunity to reveal Subaru’s true accomplishments so far――,

Rem: […That’s not what he would be concerned about, would it?]

Before and after losing her memory, Rem had two opportunities to get to know Subaru.

What she had learned through those two occasions was that Subaru possessed an earnest sincerity, which struck deep into her heart, and that honestly and openly evaluating everything that was revealed to him was secondary.

Wishing Subaru to be praised and rewarded for all of his actions and intentions was merely a reflection of Rem’s own values.

Petra: [Rem-neesama, there is one thing I want to ask you.]

Petra asked Rem, who swallowed her own prayers and the aftertaste of her lingering sentimentality.

It was not a particularly hushed voice, but to Rem, it seemed as if Petra had asked her question with great care, so that only she could hear it.

When Rem nodded her head slightly, she felt the seriousness of the situation, a feeling which reminded her of Subaru’s earnestness, then,

Petra: [Rem-neesama, would you do anything to help Subaru?]

Behind this question, Rem sensed that Petra was expressing her belief that she could, and would do it.

There was no sense of rivalry with it. But, her deliberation lasted less than a second.

Rem: [Yes, of course. ――I am Subaru-kun’s Rem, after all.]

That was an answer that required no hesitation on Rem’s part.

△▼△▼△▼△

――His exhaustion continued to accumulate with every passing moment, something Aldebaran felt keenly.

Aldebaran: [I’m fine with procuring food locally, same with getting water by freezing the atmosphere and licking the ice, but… the fact that our sleeping hours are being curtailed is seriously draining.]

They continued to face relentless sabotage, an endless torment for the Aldebaran Party.

The majority of the damage inflicted by those disturbances was nothing so major that left them wounded or pressed them to retreat from the war front, but rather, nasty tricks that just kept them in a state of exhaustion. And whenever he would think along such lines, they would be hit with an attack of the same class as the falling boulder that had been the first maneuver used against them at the quarry, highlighting the underhandedness of the techniques which did not allow them to relax their vigilance whatsoever.

The greatest problem at hand, was that they possessed no means to perfectly defend against this.

Aldebaran: [Military-Grade Internal Affairs Minister… Military-Grade Internal Affairs Minister, huh? The violent way it sounds ain’t just for show, eh?]

The Internal Affairs Minister of the Emilia Camp, Otto Suwen, was a man who often appeared meek and feeble.

His role within the Camp was that of cushioning, someone often reduced to the butt of a joke, and while his position might have been necessary for their everyday operations, he was not an individual who necessitated vigilance during the most crucial of moments. ――That perception had been completely mistaken.

The fact that he could converse with any living thing was something Aldebaran had underestimated, overwhelmingly so. The price for that, was something he was paying with an unbelievable amount of vigor and resources.

Aldebaran: [Moreover, the problems don’t end with just that devious Internal Affairs Minister… there’s also trouble stirring between the old man and Felt-chan.]

In addition to the ongoing sabotage, what troubled Aldebaran’s mind even further was the friction that had arisen between his own party members; the budding of a seed of trouble he could not overlook.

Aldebaran had not originally planned on Felt being among them, but having needed to bring her along to maintain his relationship with “Aldebaran”, her presence had been a huge blow.

That, was the matter of Felt having touched upon the crux of that which stirred up Heinkel’s emotions.

It seemed as if Felt had touched upon almost everything that Heinkel did not wish to be touched upon.

While his son, Reinhard, was containing the Witch of Envy at the Augria Sand Dunes, with his own hands had Heinkel stabbed his father, Wilhelm, for getting in the way. The price for carelessly disrupting his mental state on the verge of collapse, was something Felt had almost ended up paying with her life. ――No, in reality, she had ended up paying with her life many times.

If Aldebaran had not reset things with his Territory, Felt’s death would have been set in stone.

That would have then invoked “Aldebaran’s” ire, and Heinkel would have been driven into a corner. As it stood, the Divine Dragon’s consciousness was in the unnatural state of being overwritten by Aldebaran. If something that considerably roused the Dragon’s instincts were to be brought upon it, it was quite possible that the magic of the Book of the Dead would come undone.

Hence, Aldebaran had forcibly cut off the conversation between Heinkel and Felt, but――,

Aldebaran: [It’s nothing but a bandaid fix. If I ever carelessly leave the old man alone with Felt-chan, I can easily see things getting bloody again. Having said that, it’d be impossible to leave anybody but Yae to handle restraining that Roy bastard… shit, I’m not doing a quiz about getting a wolf and a goat to the other side of a river on a boat. I ain’t good at those any which way.]

Though it was one of those so-called logic puzzles, he had been placed in a somewhat similar situation.

The current circumstances of allocating his mental resources to a futile battle of wits was undesirable, but with that said――,

???: [――If you just cast away Heinkel-sama or Felt-sama as you please, it’ll become much easier, y’know?]

Aldebaran: [――. How many times do I have to tell you, I ain’t gonna do that.]

As a lighthearted voice suddenly interjected with that proposal, Aldebaran clicked his tongue before responding.

With hands joined behind her back, Yae walked towards him with a spring in her step, as if performing a dance. Seeing her by herself, Aldebaran narrowed his eyes within his helmet.

Aldebaran: [Oi, why are you alone? You oughta be with someone…]

Yae: [Felt-sama is with Vol-sama, the Sin Archbishop is strung up, and Heinkel-sama is bound tight. For the time being, things have settled down.]

Aldebaran: […Even so, that doesn’t mean we don’t have any holes.]

Yae: [That would be correct. But but, it currently seems like Al-sama has the potential to become our biggest hole, y’know~?]

As she spoke, Yae hugged one of her knees as she crouched down before Aldebaran. As her cat-like red eyes peered into him, Aldebaran experienced a taste of discomfort.

No matter how bluntly he answered, her judgement was correct. ――Without a doubt, the one most clearly exhausted among their members was none other than Aldebaran.

Aldebaran: [But, that’s a matter of course. The goals I’m aiming to accomplish are the biggest and most numerous. Hence, it’s natural that I have to shoulder the difficulties…]

Yae: [As a result, if Al-sama were to be crushed halfway through, wouldn’t it be unbearable to watch?]

Aldebaran: […What is it you wanna say?]

Yae: [Like~ I’ve~ been~ saying, that which Yae-chan wants to say is the same as it’s always been. Before you get crushed like a bug, Al-sama, you should reign in your conditions for victory.]

Aldebaran: [I told you already, that’s…!]

Yae: [――Why is it that you must cling to such clean methods, Al-sama?]

Resting her chin in the arm upon her folded knee, Yae posed a sharp question.

Yae’s eyes, narrowed to a thread’s breadth, faintly opened, and sensing that the playfulness of her voice had vanished, Aldebaran was unable to muster any immediate response.

And taking advantage of that silence of Aldebaran’s, Yae resumed.

Yae: [Our opponents will come at you with reckless abandon. It’s only natural. After all, Al-sama, you robbed them of their companions, wounded them, and at the end of it all, put the fate of the world on the line. After all that, of course they’re going to be willing to risk their lives~. They won’t hesitate to use methods that go against the righteous road, fair and square.]

Aldebaran: […I know that I’m causing you a lot of trouble. Not only are you being endlessly harassed, but you even ended up clashing with the Sword Demon in the Royal Capital.]

Yae: [You’re mistaken. It’s not that I want to complain… No, in a sense, this might just very well undoubtedly be a complaint though~.]

Aldebaran: [What are――]

You trying to say ; he had been unable to finish his words.

Without dodging Yae’s hand as it suddenly reached out, it pushed down on Aldebaran’s forehead, causing him to fall backwards. Then, as Aldebaran blinked his eyes, Yae glided on top of him after pushing him down.

Aldebaran: [――――]

At that close proximity, Aldebaran and Yae crossed gazes.

That instant, Aldebaran immediately poked the drug package prepared behind his molar with his tongue, intending to commit suicide so that he could redo this moment――,

Yae: [――The Madam has passed away, Al-sama.]

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Yae: [She passed away. Haven’t you said it yourself many times now?]

Just before Aldebaran could swallow the poison, Yae spoke thus to him at such a close distance that he could feel her breath on him, causing his throat to seize up.

He need not be told. Priscilla Barielle had died. That was the basis for everything. The reason why Aldebaran had taken the leap for this decision, the genesis, and the final shackle.

Because she was no longer among them, Aldebaran was released from all the chains that had bound him; and so, while fully aware that it would make him the enemy of all beings, that it would plunge the world into chaos, he had started this.

Yae: [Is that true?]

Aldebaran: [Ah…?]

Yae: [Is that truly the case? The Madam is no longer among us. That’s why nothing matters to you anymore. No matter who you betray, what you destroy, or how you might be perceived, you’re completely fine with it. ――Is that true?]

At the repeated question, Aldebaran froze.

Even now, he could make it so this moment never happened with a single movement of his tongue. With that as insurance―― no, even if he lacked that insurance, Aldebaran would likely not have moved.

Yae’s words and gaze harbored a power to bind him far greater than that of any steel thread.

Is that true ; so she had asked. Just what answer did she want from him?

Is that true ; so she had asked. Of course it’s true. What else could he possibly say?

Is that true ; so she had asked. Of the certainty of Aldebaran’s resolve, she inquired.

Yae: [The results might be questionable. The damages brought about might even be outrageous. But, here’s what I also think. ――Your way of doing things is way, way too clean.]

Aldebaran: [Clean…?]

Yae: [You confront your opponents head-on, surpassing and surmounting their strategies, and you take advantage of their weaknesses when your military prospects are lacking, but you don’t allow there to be any casualties. Your resolve is clean, Al-sama. That’s why, you’ve ended up being so terribly cornered like this.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Yae: [――Al-sama, how about you quit yearning for the sun?]

As Yae smoothly reached out her arms, she grabbed both sides of Aldebaran’s helmet. Her hands made no attempt to remove the helmet, but rather, they locked his line of sight onto herself, refusing to let him look away.

That gesture combined with the whispering of her words fettered Aldebaran’s soul, preventing any and all movement.

――To stop yearning, for the sun.

Yae: [Crawl on the ground, cover yourself in mud, stop looking up to the sky, and bathe in the blood. It’s alright. I’m already covered in filth, so I won’t balk at basking in the blood and the mud alongside you.]

Aldebaran: [――. No matter what you say, I’m…]

Yae: [You’ve no need to give up that which you aren’t willing to. But, if that’s what you wish, then please don’t try to be clean. If you would just give up on being clean, then――]

Pausing there, Yae’s lips curved into a gentle half-moon.

That smile of Yae’s, tinged with the hue of blood, was terribly transient, overlapping with the smile of someone else.

Yae: [――Nobody, would be able to defeat my Al-sama.]

――That was the smile of someone engraved into his soul, the one who had molded Aldebaran.

Aldebaran: [――――]

With a bloody smile, as Yae spoke in a manner as if clinging to him, as if cherishing him, as if lamenting him, as if pleading with him, as if threatening him, as if despairing of him, Aldebaran heaved a long sigh.

Then――,

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

In order to not relinquish that which was truly difficult to let go of, he thought that just maybe, he ought to cover himself in mud and blood.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [——Urgh.]

A strong, throbbing pain gouged into his brain, causing Otto to let out a small groan.

Already, twenty hours had passed since he threw open his Divine Protection of the Soul of Language. During that time, he had not been continuously checking the opened channels, but even if he did not speak through them at all times, he did not fail to collect every single scrap of incoming information.

Consequently, maintaining his Divine Protection in a half-open state, Otto ate and slept sparingly as he continued his endless solitary battle.

Otto: [Emilia-sama, I see that you have joined up with the Margrave and the others.]

Although he did not exercise as much power as he did tracking Aldebaran’s group, he managed to confirm the movements of his allies as Otto sent out animals in both directions as scouts.

He had not been in active contact with Emilia and the others, as he did not want his concentration to break, but beyond that the main reason was that Otto did not want his recklessness to be constrained.

No matter how one looked at it, if they knew that Otto’s nose had bled enough to fill up a cup, Emilia and the others would undoubtedly stop him.

Otto: [However, it is necessary.]

Soon, Aldebaran’s group would arrive at the Kararagi City-States’ Grand Mogolade Geyser, where they would attempt to fulfill their goal. Most likely, that would be the time limit.

In the end, these were just Otto’s instincts, but he was convinced that not stopping their foes here would be their losing condition; this was surely their last chance to retrieve Natsuki Subaru and Beatrice.

Therefore, it must be prevented. But, the deciding factor did not lie with Otto.

Always, the one that held the decisive factor, was someone other than Otto.

All that Otto Suwen could do, was support someone else. ——And so, in that support, he would wring out every drop of blood and energy in his body.

???: [Laddie, please don’t die.]

Otto: […At least, you are not telling me to not be reckless.]

???: [Laddie, doesn’t it seem like being reckless is a hobby for you? I know it’s something you wouldn’t stop doing even if I told you to, so I won’t waste my breath. Hence, please don’t die.]

And at the supportive expression of his loving dragon Frufoo, Otto bitterly chuckled.

Fundamentally, Otto was moving separately from the rest of the Camp, and his means of transportation was the being with whom he would speak to whenever push came to shove—— in case his Divine Protection of the Soul of Language steeped him too deeply in the thoughts of other living creatures and he had to avoid becoming unable to return, he made sure to always travel with at least Frufoo by his side.

As expected, since Frufoo had known him since childhood, she seemed to be able to read Otto’s mind, and had often saved him with her dependability.

This was especially true when they were alone in the mountains, far from human habitation.

Frufoo: [I don’t know if this will help, but why don’t you get some sleep? As you said earlier, that group is currently resting… Now you don’t have to worry about losing sight of them, why don’t you take a break?]

Otto: [What are you talking about? If he is resting, then he is not being hindered. Instead, right now is the greatest time for profit.]

Frufoo: [Treating this situation as a time for reaping profits, your bad habit is slipping out, laddie.]

Frufoo shook her large head in exasperation, her tone and demeanour carefree; considering the current situation, one would think she was too easygoing, but Otto knew that this easygoingness was intentional so that he did not become anxious, so that he could not get irritated.

Actually, while talking to Frufoo, his willpower had steadily recovered. ――Thanks to this, it seemed he would be able to hold out a little longer.

Frufoo: [That’s not what I was trying to do, you know?]

Otto: [Even if you did not mean to, you are helping me. My Frufoo is really the best partner.]

Frufoo: [You really have a way with words laddie!]

A low groan of dissatisfaction rumbled from Frufoo as she smiled, while Otto took a deep breath. Then, once again he drew his consciousness to his channels, towards the birds, insects, and schools of fish that he had entrusted with tracking Aldebaran’s group trying to figure out as much of the enemy’s movements as possible.

Of course, since he needed to exchange information with the animals, Otto’s pursuit of Aldebaran was just slightly delayed, and there was some amount of lag.

Still, that he had not lost sight of Aldebaran’s group, and he had been able to continue chasing them without loosening his grip, was due to the great power of the Zodda bugs. Most animals were frightened by the presence of the Divine Dragon that accompanied them, and no matter how earnestly he begged them, they refused to go beyond a certain point.

However, Zodda bugs were different. Rather than the individual, they were more concerned with the survival of the swarm, and so they could fearlessly draw close to the Divine Dragon, making them terrific for reconnaissance. Once this was over, including the peaceful place that he had promised to them, they needed to be treated as kindly as possible.

Frufoo: [If you’re too supportive of the Zodda bugs, Miss Frederica, Miss Petra, and the others will be even more grossed out.]

Otto: [I know that for some reason, a lot of women hate Zodda bugs. But, if they become aware of their contributions this time, maybe that will change their perception.]

Though, Otto understood that there was very little hope of that.

It was not just the women’s side; after Otto’s battle in the Sanctuary, Garfiel had also seemed to develop some reluctance towards them. Subaru and Beatrice, too; once they were safely broken free and heard about the work the Zodda bugs had put in, what kind of face would they make――?

Otto: [At the very least, they should convey their gratitude to the head of the swarm directly――]

???: [Well, that will be a little difficult don’t you think~?]

Otto: [――――]

Just then, caressing Otto’s ear, was a voice that did not belong to the insects, nor the small animals, nor Frufoo. Immediately after he gasped, Otto’s body suddenly shot into the air.

Frufoo: [Laddie!!]

There was no dragon carriage, so as Otto’s weight which had been straddling her back suddenly disappeared, Frufoo let out a desperate cry.

Frufoo’s cries were in vain, as Otto was hanging from one of the trees on the mountain, kicking his legs as his hands and neck were constricted by something that felt thin.

Just barely, he had managed to get his fingers in front of his neck and escaped being asphyxiated――,

Otto: [Ku, ugh….]

???: [You don’t seem like a fighter, but it was amazing that you reacted immediately. Is this what they call always being prepared for battle? Onii-san, you would be a great shinobi , you know?]

As Otto was hanging, dangling and shaking, a slender shadow appeared from beneath his feet. A girl with crimson hair and a maid dress with wasou elements―― all the features matched.

She was one of the people in Aldebaran’s group, an enemy that Otto must eliminate――,

???: [See, didn’t I tell you, Al-sama? ――There’s nobody, who can defeat you.]

――The crimson shinobi, Yae Tenzen, as her cheeks blushed red, looked up at the hanging Otto.

--- Chapter 39: The Final Line ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Yae: [――Al-sama, how about you quit yearning for the sun?]

When she had spoken those words, he did not know what sort of emotions or expectations she had harbored.

His own position was that of controlling her through fear, binding her with hatred, and utilizing the guarantee of her desires for revenge. From her perspective, it ought to have been satisfying to see him so cornered.

Only, the fact of the matter was that she had given many reactions that were not coherent with that line of thought.

In that case, just what were the true motivations hidden behind her contradictory attitude?

He had given up searching for that answer. ――Only one thing, was certain.

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

The advice given by Yae Tenzen had removed a single shackle that had been present within Aldebaran.

Though not deliberately self-imposed, it had been an subconsciously placed shackle, inhibitor, hurdle―― psychological chains that had slammed the brakes on the overpowering quality of Aldebaran’s Authority.

Now that he was free from those chains, the options available to Aldebaran expanded to an infinite domain――.

Aldebaran: [Target, twelve o’clock to three o’clock. ――Fire, Alter .]

“Aldebaran”: [ Alright, Origin. ]

Responding to the order without hesitation, “Aldebaran”, who had been waiting in the background, stretched out its wings.

Alter, it had expressed no confusion in regards to that alias. By way of the Book of the Dead, the update in his intentions had already been communicated. The alias Origin was also an easily understandable, but trivial matter.

Without the room to put his opinions on that alias into words, a white light―― the Dragon’s breath was unleashed.

Aldebaran: [――――]

The Divine Dragon’s dragonhusk, the tremendous might of its breath demonstrated the maximum capabilities of its specs, and proved to be a fine article that even the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, had just barely managed to neutralize.

And on the current battlefield, with the Sword Saint absent―― nay, on the area that could not even be described as a battlefield, the breath was unleashed, razing it to the ground; everything natural, everything man-made, and most notably, all life consisting of not just plants and animals, but humans too, was erased.

The range output of the Dragon’s fully-powered breath reached out to several kilometers, and anyone unfortunate enough to be engulfed by the light of ruin that arrived without giving any warning would cease to exist, lacking even the time to register pain.

――And now, passing the order to “Aldebaran”, Aldebaran had performed that deed.

Aldebaran: [――――]

As commanded, twelve o’clock to three o’clock―― scorching down the area signified by directions corresponding to the positions on a clock, it reduced all who stood in its path to naught.

In all likelihood, the lives lost could not have been counted in just the hundreds or the thousands, but numbered well in the realm of the tens of thousands.

???: [Ha-ha-haa~, well done~!]

Laying his eyes upon that which could only be described as tyranny, the act of brutally trampling all in one’s path, the suspended Roy Alphard snickered in amusement. Strung up with his arms bound, Roy placed the soles of his free feet together, thus cheering as he clapped not his hands, but his feet.

But, while nobody aside from Roy contributed to that noisy applause, none of the members present there appeared to criticize Aldebaran’s actions.

Present instead, was delight, understanding, subordinance, and fear―― all were his henchmen, even the ones who had no say in the matter.

Thus, basking in their gazes, Aldebaran looked up to the sky.

Aldebaran: [――――]

With the Dragon’s breath unleashed, not only was the land scorched, but signs of its influence appeared in the sky and surrounding atmosphere as well.

With the clouds torn asunder, and the rain and wind that were supposed to have occurred banished from the land, the traces of the Dragon had been deeply engraved; ravages of the Dragon’s rage, so to speak.

Naturally, there existed no living beings that did not fear the ire of the overwhelming existence that was the Dragon.

Because there existed no beings that could fight back against a rampaging Dragon mad with rage, it was an ironclad rule that when faced with the Dragon’s fury, all forms of life would keep their heads held low, attempting to conceal their presence, and waiting for the storm to pass.

――Therefore, the likes of birds and bugs promptly approaching the ravages of that rage, was far beyond unnatural.

Aldebaran: [Looks like a miss.]

Seeing a flock of birds assembling around the area scorched by the breath to ascertain the damages, Aldebaran muttered words that would fade away in the confines of his mouth.

The vast majority of animals were straightforward, and faithful to their instincts. If that was being distorted, and they were acting in a manner dishonest to their instincts, it was proof of some sort of unnatural interference.

That was to say, it was proof that the existence enacting that unnatural interference had survived.

Ascertaining that, Aldebaran would――,

Aldebaran: [――Next.]

Muttering that, he unwrapped the poisonous drug package within his mouth, and gulped down the deadly bane.

And then――,

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [Target, three o’clock to six o’clock. ――Fire, Alter .]

Subsequently, upon returning to his restart point, he oriented himself towards the next area, and instructed the Dragon to trample it down.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [Target, six o’clock to nine o’clock. ――Fire, Alter .]

Aldebaran: [Target, six o’clock to eight o’clock. Slight adjustment.]

Aldebaran: [Target, six o’clock to seven o’clock.]

Aldebaran: [Target, lock to seven o’clock. Adjust range output, breath to eighty percent.]

Aldebaran: [Seventy percent.]

Aldebaran: [Sixty percent.]

Aldebaran: [Sixty-five percent.]

Aldebaran: [Sixty-five point five percent.]

Aldebaran: [――Sixty-five point five percent, confirmed.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Seven-hundred and fourteen.

Having been told that his way of doing things was too clean by Yae, Aldebaran revised his thoughts.

Gaining awareness of the pride he had been blind to, he earnestly examined what was truly necessary in order to accomplish his objective, and arrived at an answer.

――The no-killing restriction.

From the moment Aldebaran had decided on the removal of Natsuki Subaru, and resolved himself to abide by his own purpose of creation, he had established that as the minimum obligation he would need to uphold.

From this world, where many had already been lost, with even she who had embodied the sun having disappeared, he would not cause anything more to be lost; so he had decided.

But, by overly adhering to that vow, Aldebaran had subconsciously placed a shackle on his own Authority.

In order to uphold his vow that he would not take the life of anyone, he had ended up imposing the same binding to the journey itself.

With Aldebaran’s Authority―― with his Territory, the events that transpired in the repeating world would endlessly be made to have never happened until that Matrix was finally marked with a full-stop.

In that case, so long as the records balanced out to “no-killing” by the end, he would not need to worry about deaths during the process.

By keeping that conclusion outside of his conscious awareness, Aldebaran had unwittingly levied that shackle upon himself. In order to finally remove it, Aldebaran had continued to waste time in futility. ――No, without Yae’s words, he might have still been none the wiser.

Aldebaran: [I knew that the nii-san was trying to use his Divine Protection to whittle us down. The problem lies in his meticulousness and the unlimited hand of cards; it really seemed like there was no way to avert that, but…]

No longer bound by that shackle, Aldebaran surmounted that challenge with brute force.

Nothing about it was difficult. His pursuer was borrowing the eyes and agency of insects, fish, and other small animals in order to get a grasp on the movements of Aldebaran’s group and enact various forms of sabotage upon them. But, considering what he conjectured to be the extent of effectiveness of his opponent’s Divine Protection, even if his directions to the animals had an immediate response akin to telepathy, it was not as absolute as something like brainwashing.

Every single time, their pursuer would have needed to directly issue a command.

And in order to enact that, the commanding pursuer himself would have needed to be stalking Aldebaran’s group while maintaining a reasonable distance. ――Through the brute force of the Dragon’s breath, he had deduced the position of their pursuer.

Aldebaran: [Narrowing down the area using clock positions , and measuring the distance with the depth of the breath. Given that we’re doing something erratic, he can’t afford to withhold his hand in order to get a grasp of what happened. Then, the act of playing his hand is proof that the nii-san made it out unharmed. But, what about when he doesn’t play his hand?]

His hand―― without the leeway to mobilize the troops he had allied with his Divine Protection, it would have served as proof that he had vanished from the world.

With that ascertained, Aldebaran had regressed his Territory, closed in on the direction of his pursuer’s presence, measured the distance, and finally managed to identify the opponent’s position with utmost precision. Of course, during that process, in the mountains, forest, and even some towns, a great number of lives had been sacrificed, but―― absolutely all of that, had been made to have never happened.

By balancing the records in the end using his Territory, the casualties outside of Aldebaran numbered zero. ――No, Aldebaran’s Death was not counted, so the casualties numbered zero total.

Aldebaran: [Combined with when I was selecting the members for the Tower, one-thousand three-hundred and forty-seven… he really gave me one hell of a time.]

There was nothing more exhausting than someone thought to have already been dealt with pulling the carpet out from under him yet again.

In that sense, it would have been no exaggeration to say that the pursuer―― Otto Suwen, had given Aldebaran more trouble than either the Sword Saint or the Sword Demon had. If it had been his suggestion to send Emilia to Aldebaran and Wilhelm to Yae at the Royal Capital, then the damages he had caused this group amounted to far more than just Aldebaran’s one-thousand three-hundred and forty-seven Deaths.

Of course, it was precisely because he had judged him to be such a large threat, that Aldebaran had spared no cards in his hand, thus succeeding in stringing up that formidable enemy.

Yae: [Al-sama, over here, over here~.]

Waving her hand, Yae beckoned to Aldebaran and the rest from below. In accordance with Yae’s call, “Aldebaran” perched down on the ground, and Aldebaran hopped off of its back.

Halfway up the mountainside, behind Yae, who had arrived first at the target point, was a green Internal Affairs Minister strung up to a tree and a ground dragon lying on its side with its limbs tied up.

Perhaps because the ground dragon had so fervently struggled against the steel thread bindings, its pale-blue dragonhide was stained with blood, and even now it continued to desperately writhe while panting in exasperation.

Aldebaran: [As expected, the loyalty of a ground dragon’s quite something. Thinking back, the current generation’s Patrasche was also like that.]

Yae: [The idea to make an example out of it flashed through my head, but it seems like he’s the type to just become even more stubborn instead of breaking, so I decided not to. How was Yae-chan’s judgement?]

Aldebaran: [I think you got the right answer. Besides, there’s no point in a warning if he can’t even see it.]

As Yae greeted him while tilting her head, Aldebaran scowled within his helmet. In his vision, present above the writhing ground dragon, the strung up Internal Affairs Minister―― Otto, was cocooned in steel threads from his head down to the tips of his toes, which of course included his eyes and mouth; it was a state in which he could not do a single thing.

By nature, a single steel thread was so thin that one would need to strain their eyes to even ascertain its presence. Since they now appeared as an opaque tool of restraint, he could not imagine just how many had been wrapped around.

Yae: [Unable to get a glimpse of any light. Unable to even make a peep. It’d be possible to form communication with the outside through even just breathing, let alone whispers. And so, I’ve wrapped his entire body up with no gaps, save for a single airway connecting to his ankle. With this, he’ll be too busy focusing his breaths on clinging to survival to have any leeway to fill them with intent.]

Aldebaran: […I know this isn’t about you getting revenge, and is instead just proof that you’re taking precautions. After all, this nii-san would actually be capable of plotting something against us if we gave him any room to speak.]

Yae: [I’d never operate on my personal grudges~. Yae-chan isn’t that bad of a shinobi , y’know?]

Placing a finger to her cheek, Yae was in quite a good mood as she made a cutesy smile.

Given how much complete and utter hardship Otto, the harassment-specialist, had put them through until now, she would have likely had a substantial amount of resentment built up even if she said she bore no personal grudges. To begin with, the industry leaders of carrying out harassment and conducting wars of attrition against enemies were none other than the shinobi .

Aldebaran: [So now that you’ve finally dealt with that, I guess you’d be in a good mood, yeah?]

Yae: [Urghh~, you really are a gentleman who can’t understand a woman’s heart, Al-sama. It feels good to pin down an opponent who persistently made attacks of the nastiest kind in a sly, exhaustive, relentless manner, y’know?]

Aldebaran: [Isn’t that pretty much exactly what I said?]

Yae: [But, the number one thing is that you’re finally acting as the monster you truly are, Al-sama. Without a shred of concern for your trivial humanity, you’ve fully embraced the monster within.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Yae: [For that reason, even something like having Vol-sama fling me at full strength was nothing so outlandish.]

Aldebaran: [Seems like you’ve got your fair share of complaints with that strategy…]

As Yae was correcting Aldebaran’s mistaken impression, she added that bit onto the end.

With the modification to how he utilized the Territory, he had located their pursuer’s whereabouts. After completing that, they had needed the quickest means to reach their opponent before he could discern their intentions―― that had resulted in having the airborne “Aldebaran” hurl Yae to the target position.

On top of being crude, it was a plan that had greatly imperiled Yae’s life, but because the opponent was located in the mountains, which provided a great amount of buffering material, Yae, with her ability to create cushioning with her Steel Thread Technique, was deemed to be the most suitable candidate for it.

Yae: [Even though this duty was most suited to someone who won’t die no matter how far they’re hurled away, there was no way we could entrust it to Heinkel-sama in his current state.]

Aldebaran: [An old man-shaped hole might have bored through the mountain while the old man remained alive and well, but you’re right about entrusting any important duties to him with his condition right now.]

Between Heinkel and Felt, a considerably deadly rift had formed. In response to that issue, he had worked out a countermeasure to stabilize it for the time being, but that had incurred “Aldebaran’s” displeasure, and was nothing more than a temporary bandaid solution.

Because it was the type of problem that could resurge for whatever reason, Aldebaran and Yae had decided that it would be best to not touch on it for the time being.

Anyhow――,

Aldebaran: [――Finally, it’s checkmate .]

With Otto’s movements and resistance sealed, Aldebaran looked up at the opponent whose current state ought to be dubbed a silver chrysalis, and keenly felt the victory he had attained in this round of the game, which had gone on now for a long, long time.

However, the opponent Aldebaran was playing against was not just Otto, it was a multifaceted bout against many challengers on a Kingdom-wide, even world-wide scale. Just because he had managed to make it through a single round successfully, did not mean he could continue to carry that around as a source of satisfaction.

Above all, in order to ensure that they would never make a comeback as a challenger, he would need to be thorough with their elimination.

Yae: [Though y’know, even if I cut away his eyes, ears, tongue, and limbs, I’d still technically be obeying your orders, Al-sama~.]

Aldebaran: [――Yae.]

Yae: [Fi~ne, Al-sama’s so sca~ry.]

To inflict wounds beyond any hope of recovery, thereby forcing withdrawal from the front lines with only their lives intact; doing so would be naught but a hollow pretense.

For Aldebaran, the no-killing restriction was not something so flexible that he could say he kept it so long as nobody died, and it would be troubling if it was. That sort of thing was tantamount to declaring that world peace could be achieved by cutting off the arms and legs of everyone in the world.

Hence, Aldebaran would not rob Otto Suwen of his eyes, tongue, arms, or legs. Instead, that which he would take from him―― was his reason for fighting.

Aldebaran: [――Roy, I’m relaxing the curse mark’s functionality. It’s your time to take the stage.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――Roy, I’m relaxing the curse mark’s functionality. It’s your time to take the stage.]

Every inch of his body constrained, Otto Suwen, with certitude, heard the pronounced voice of the opponent looking up towards him. ――On merely one point, Aldebaran and the rest were mistaken about the efficacy of Otto’s Divine Protection of the Soul of Language.

The Soul of Language, namely that which was called voice, was the reverberation of sound. Those reverberations would always touch Otto’s body should he be within range of its reach, even if his ears were plugged. The Divine Protection of the Soul of Language did not translate sounds that entered the ear. It sensed and picked up the reverberations of intent that touched the entity named Otto.

Therefore――,

Roy: [What a roundabout, strange coincidence, isn’t it, Onii-san? Even though both Ley and Louis missed out on eating Onii-san despite desiring to in Pristella, in the end you’ve been set on the dining table before us like this, so it would seem-.]

The voice of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony licking his lips, Roy Alphard, was also detected by Otto as a thing of certainty.

Otto: [――――]

However, to much frustration from the depths of his heart, there was no longer anything Otto could do.

He had still been detecting the voices in his environs through the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language, but with his mouth obstructed, his limbs restrained, and now obturated from even transmitting his will, Otto was helplessly powerless.

Frufoo: [What are you doing, to laddie… stop, please stop…!]

He heard the painful beseeching of an agonizing Frufoo immediately below his hanging feet.

For the moment, it seemed Aldebaran and his group did not intend to inflict any further harm onto Frufoo or much less, take her life. Hence, he wished for Frufoo to quietly wait for the storm drifting through to pass. That was his utmost desire at that moment.

The rest――,

Otto: [――Hk.]

With a voice that fell short of being voiced, Otto’s heart consternated in trepidation for his comrades not present here.

Emilia and Ram, Petra and Meili, Rem, Clind, and Roswaal, he had heard that even people of the Felt Camp were cooperating. They would surely come up with an ingenious plan. Had it been possible, Otto wished to give a serious blow to the opponent with his own hands even on Garfiel’s behalf.

Moreover, for the captured duo of Subaru and Beatrice――.

Roy: [How sad, Onii-san. How painful, Onii-san. But-, we’ll treat those cries of agony alternating in joys and sorrows altogether and give them love-! After all, this world is gluttonous drinking-! Gluttony-!]

In lento, he sensed the polluted, violated appetite of Gluttony drawing near him, creeping close to him. Without any means to resist, Otto accepted it; there was nothing he could do besides be chewed and digested.

Thus, for however long, Otto Suwen continued to pray. Continued to wish. Continued to dream.

For his own final stratagem, to fall into place――.

Roy: [――Well then, let’s eat-!]

△▼△▼△▼△

Roy: [Thank you for the treat-.]

With the efficacy of the Authority of Gluttony invoked, the hanging Otto Suwen was devoured.

The deed was unaccompanied by any befitting effects generated, no shining visual effects; nothing so flashy or gaudy occurred. In only quiet and solemnity, the feast dished up onto the platter settled into the stomach of an ill-mannered diner. ――What had transpired was merely this commonplace meal.

Yae: [Although I barely saw anything just now, it truly feels like foul play. The feeling of tension in the threads vanished in an instant, after all.]

Her voice laden with unhiding repugnance, Yae whispered whilst touching the rings that sent forth the steel threads.

What her words suggested, was that the opponent in bind―― Otto Suwen, his resistance in order to escape from the constraints of the steel threads had disappeared.

That was evidence of the efficacy of Roy Alphard’s Eclipsing manifesting. [1]

Aldebaran: [On top of that, we still remember that nii-san. ――As promised, you only ate the Memories; seems like you really held yourself back.]

Roy: [Ah-hahaa~, what’s with that, so short on gratitude and wonderment~!? Just so you know, separating just the Name or just the Memories and chewing it is pretty tough, you know? It’s trouble like sifting through the grilled ingredients in between a sandwich without opening up the bread, you see~.]

Aldebaran: [Don’t care. Don’t do it and you die, that’s the end of that. Separate and eat quickly and cleanly.]

Aldebaran snorted at Roy as he spoke of his Authority’s hardships in front of Otto Suwen, limp and motionless whilst entangled in the steel threads.

In reality, Aldebaran had no intention of hearing out Roy’s advocation of what a high deed it was. ――Should he blunder, he would simply die; his soul scorched by the effects of the curse mark engraved on his body, bound by an Oath with Aldebaran.

Of course, it would be a problem for Aldebaran were Roy to die at this time, so he did intend to redo at every instance of failure and search for a way to ensure Roy did well.

Yae: [Al-sama~, as for that Sin Archbishop, isn’t he getting a bit cocky? If you’re going to restrain his actions with the effects of the curse mark, then rather than appeasing, persuading, and winning over his heart, wouldn’t you have had ways to make him abide more suitably with lesser strings attached?]

Aldebaran: [Engraving a curse mark isn’t as light a job as you’re thinking it to be. To begin with, in curse marks bound by Oaths, there’s a risk for the engraving party as well. The opportunity for engraving a curse mark is limited to exactly one time in someone’s entire life. It’s a trump card to make the kinds of people who won’t ever listen seriously obey.]

Yae whispered into Aldebaran’s ear, who pressed her forehead whilst answering.

As the name suggested, the engraving of a curse mark, a kind of Curse Art, was a deed that had existed before magic and Curse Arts branched into separate sects; the nature of it was rather close to the origin of magic. Speaking further of the impression given by the curse mark based on its impression, the one who taught Aldebaran how to engrave a curse mark and the nature of them, would likely bestow the plight of a half-day long tedious lecture about it.

Roy: [For you to be so kind and use that valuable opportunity for us…! Very nice, so nice, quite nice, how very nice, really nice, isn’t it nice, as we can believe it to be nice, gluttonous drinking-! Gluttony-! By this point, that is love, isn’t i~t…?]

Yae: [Wha!? Are you saying over this adorable, sexy, and devoted maid that is Yae-chan, you prefer the nasty-teethed Sin Archbishop!? Al-sama, you infidel!]

Aldebaran: [Right back at you, stop matching paces and linking up with the Sin Archbishop…]

Aldebaran winced at the combo of the blabbering Roy and the yabbering Yae.

On Yae’s end, she likely had had no intention of getting along with Roy there, or ever getting along with him for that matter, but the way she utilized anything to sway Aldebaran’s heart was truly befitting of a shinobi . On the other hand, Roy bore the attitude of being conversible and comprehending for a Sin Archbishop, and had almost bestowed him with that misunderstanding.

However, he mustn’t misunderstand. For Aldebaran, both Yae and Roy were equivalent; used for his goals, and targets of fear for potentially backstabbing him depending on the situation.

And that was――,

Aldebaran: [Roy, don’t get too cocky. Start talking, what was the nii-san you just ate scheming? That’s what I fed him to you for.]

A chilly warning was issued by Aldebaran, who kept Roy contained well within attack range.

His restraints unfastened, Roy had gotten his fractured limbs restored by the healing magic of “Aldebaran”, but neither had he gained trust in the slightest nor was he permitted freedom of action. However, in the direction the plan would now head towards for the endgame, it was not realistic to carry a tied up Roy along.

As an example, should he ever seek to rely on Roy’s Authority as Gluttony like he just had, to keep him turned face-down as a card that could not be used immediately would be some excessively maladroit handling. Not in the slightest loosening his vigilance towards Roy, what was necessary were further arrangements for a policy to subdue Roy.

Fortunately, the curse mark was sufficiently fulfilling that duty.

Yae: [Though, it would be nice if he could tell us something useful~.]

As she spoke, the vigilant Yae tugged on her slender finger, tightening the invisible steel thread to keep Roy in check.

It had been none other than Yae who had disapproved of utilizing Roy’s Authority until the very end, and while she did welcome Aldebaran’s declaration that he would unshackle himself based on her advice, she still fervently insisted that he free himself from the chains that were the “no-killing” restriction itself.

In reality, if Aldebaran did actually call off the “no-killing” restriction as she had insisted, and freely made use of the life-or-death power he had over all his opponents, his objective in and of itself would be accomplished rather quickly. To do that, all he would need to do is have “Aldebaran” shoot out its breath in all directions, never allowing any enemy to draw near.

However, Aldebaran refused to do that, and instead―― he insisted on adding new options, that of permitting Death as part of the process, and making use of Roy Alphard’s Authority.

As a matter of fact, this was the implementation of a forbidden technique: that of proactively utilizing a Sin Archbishop’s Authority.

It was an act that could not be compared to Aldebaran exercising his own Authority, which occupied an unenumerated position, so to speak. Those inherited evils, the Authorities that had given rise to a great number of tragedies and sacrifices until now; to make use of them for one’s own purposes, simply because it proved convenient.

Likely, outside of Aldebaran, that was a trespass that only a single other individual had perpetrated since the dawn of Witch Factors in this world.

Ultimately, that was the extent to which such conduct crossed the line.

If he could not attain results proportional to the misdeed he had committed, there would have been no meaning in his decision to go against the sun――.

Aldebaran: [So, let’s hear it. We deliberately ruined our opponent’s life. You’re not gonna tell me that there’s nothing…]

Roy: [Ahh~, hold on hold on. Wish you’d not rush us like that~. It seems you’re misunderstanding, but even we can’t all of a sudden comprehend absolutely everything about the one ju~st eaten. Things that have been known since the beginning, don’t really spring to mind unless the scenario deems it necessary, you know? Same as that…]

Aldebaran: [――I ain’t gonna tell you twice.]

Roy: […Yes yes, we’re saying we understand. Let’s see, let’s see, hu~h. This onii-san was more abound in life experience than expected, so even we are a bit surprised――]

After making a plethora of excuses, Roy concentrated on recalling the Memories of the freshly eaten Otto. Roy was probably commenting on a mix of the many ups and downs in the life of Otto, who possessed the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language, and the extraordinary quantity of voices he had come to hear.

However, there was a sudden pause in Roy’s tasteless words, incurring Aldebaran’s suspicion.

Unmistakably, that was proof that he had struck a Memory that caught his attention――,

Aldebaran: [What is it, what’d you find?]

Roy: [Haha-, it seems we were more careful than expected. ――There is a foolproof for the scenario in which he was compromised.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Foolproof―― a safety measure to defend against any foolish mistakes.

As soon as Roy’s lips formed those words, a terrible chill ran down Aldebaran’s spine.

Not a countermeasure for an oncoming assault, but a countermeasure for after he was compromised.

If Otto Suwen had prepared such a thing, then it would be happening at any moment now.

Aldebaran: [Yae! We need to hurry up and――]

A withdrawal from the premises, or a regression of the situation via suicide.

As two possible options came to his mind, Aldebaran mobilized before deciding on his counterplay. In a sense, it was successful, and in another sense, it had led to failure.

That was――,

???: [――It is a pleasure to meet you, Aldebaran-sama.]

The sweet voice of a girl struck Aldebaran’s earlobes as if it were a surprise attack.

The interloper had appeared in quite literally the blink of an eye, and by making an entrance without having given any preface, his instincts did not even have the time to sound the alarm bells.

That blue-haired girl, having altered her appearance and garment since her time in the Vollachian Empire, was not something he could bear the sight of. ――That was something he only realized right after he had caught sight of her waving the skirt of her maid outfit.

That instant, his mind was rapidly threatened by the name, existence, and nature of the maid girl.

Aldebaran: [――――]

With her Name and Memories having been eaten by the Authority of Gluttony, the girl’s name had been erased from the register of Od Lagna, where the names of all life were engraved; with that having been regurgitated due to the malicious intentions of Bizarre Eating, that which Aldebaran had disregarded as something that would manifest no meaningful damages, now ruptured through his mind.

Forcibly overwhelmed by an impact that compelled him to recall her existence, Aldebaran, who was supposed to have shouldered a fate that would not permit his thoughts to ever come to a halt, had said thoughts left behind in the dust――,

Yae: [――Al-sama!!]

As Yae promptly raised her voice, she reached her slender arm out towards Aldebaran. Whilst glimpsing those white fingers in the corner of his vision, Aldebaran found himself unable to move.

And in that immobile state, during the single second for which he had been dispossessed of his thoughts, the situation progressed.

――That instant, Aldebaran’s body was detached from the space it had occupied up until a moment prior, and thrown out into the sky, basking in a ferocious wind.

Aldebaran: [――――]

The sun for which he had ceased yearning cast its glaring radiance, searing Aldebaran’s black eyes as he fluttered through the air. ――This was now do-or-die for the Aldebaran Party; a critical juncture that had commenced without any forewarning.

――Thus, on the struggle for the Grand Mogolade Geyser, on the battle to decide the fate of the world here to come, the curtains now rose.

Translation Note:

[1] – ‘Eclipsing’ has been translated from 蝕 in the original text, which can be interpreted as a wordplay on Gluttony’s Authority of Eclipse and also mean “Eaten to spoil/rot”, referring to the Eating aspect of the Authority. Previously, terminology was distinct with 蝕 exclusively used to refer to Eclipse, but hereon a better stance would be to bear in mind that the term is synonymous for both meanings.

--- Chapter 40: Flash Remnade ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Having fallen victim to Roy Alphard of Gluttony, Otto Suwen was forcefully removed from the battlefield.

As one blessed with the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language, the man who had accumulated its highest level of mastery in history had done exactly as he had proclaimed; humiliating Aldebaran’s group, the enemies of the world, and inflicting great suffering upon them.

That was why the conclusion of his lonesome battle was brought about by a ruthless imprisonment that left no opening for counterattacks, leaving him completely helpless.

His words were sealed, his actions were sealed, his tricks were sealed, his wits were sealed; every weapon in his arsenal was sealed away, and finally, even the Memories that defined who he was were stolen away, thus was how Otto Suwen was utterly defeated.

When Aldebaran’s group resolved to seal him away with such overwhelming force that gave no time to plan a countermeasure, even Otto found himself powerless, unable to resist.

Because it was impossible to predict exactly when and where his opponents would launch a counterattack, he was unable to construct a trap zone using his signature Divine Protection.

And so, there was absolutely nothing Otto Suwen could have done upon being attacked―― his last resort merely being a “desperate struggle” in the event of an assault.

――He had simply left instructions for the Zodda bugs to fly off en masse so that his location would have been revealed in the event he was defeated.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Al knew Rem before they met in the Empire… before Gluttony even ate her Memories. There’s no doubt about it.]

That was when the Imaginary Subaru voiced his opinion, while they were in the midst of planning a surprise attack.

With his arms and legs crossed as he sat in midair, Subaru’s stern face caused Petra to recall the events inside Subaru’s memories, in the Royal Capital where Al and Rem had crossed paths.

That was when Subaru made a major blunder at the castle and was desperately trying to make up for it.

Although Petra did feel that Subaru’s reckless behavior back then was quite bad, she did not feel completely disillusioned towards him. However, Subaru himself remembered it as an utterly humiliating experience that made him squirm just thinking about it. In fact, everyone who was there must have looked down on Subaru’s reckless behavior, so the only person who would not feel disillusioned by his actions, if Petra were excluded, would be Rem, who had been blindly devoted to him as far back as then.

Be that as it may, Subaru, unable to escape the cycle of negative emotions, had visited Priscilla’s mansion in search of a way to save Emilia, who was being attacked by the Witch Cult.

There, Subaru received an incredibly harsh and cold response from Priscilla, but the crucial connection between Al and Rem was revealed right there as he was being expelled from the mansion.

He did not know the specific reason, however――,

“Subaru”: [Al mistakenly called Rem by Ram’s name and was extremely shocked by that fact. When I asked Rem about it, she said she had never met him before.]

Petra: [So Al-san knew about the two of them beforehand? Perhaps he researched the rival camps for the Royal Selection… or something like that?]

“Subaru”: [So you’re saying Al could have been in charge of the Priscilla Camp’s countermeasures against the other Royal Selection camps? I don’t think that’s impossible, but it doesn’t really matter. The important thing is that Al knew Rem. In other words――]

Petra: [Just like with all of us, when Al-san sees Rem-neesama, his Memories should get all mixed up.]

“Subaru”: [Exactly. ――I would call it a “ Flash Remnade .”]

With a silent snap of his fingers, Subaru winked, and Petra gave him a thumbs up.

To be honest, Petra was reluctant to treat Rem like a flash grenade, but she and the others had already confirmed that there was no way to counteract the effects of Memories returning.

As seen with Petra and the Subaru within her, or Ram, the deeper the relationship and attachment, the greater the impact, but even the slightest opening was still an opening.

All that was left was to take advantage of that opening――,

Petra: [Let’s show Al-san. ――Just how angry we are.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Let us here give an explanation for the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard.

His nature bearing the disposition of Bizarre Eating, wielding the birther of myriads of tragedies, the Authority of Gluttony, Roy had completely incapacitated Otto Suwen, tormentor of the Aldebaran Party. His Eclipsing had not only incapacitated Otto, but chewed and digested his twenty-two-year-old walk of life, assimilating his joys, his angers, his sorrows, the culmination of all that which was his, into a heterogeneous blend, which was eaten up in one breath from atop the platter.

Ringing his throat, upon finishing the incorporeal meal, Roy tasted the life of Otto Suwen, commanding a greater precision and degree of freshness than a deep read of a Book of the Dead, tasting an adequate breadth of alternating joys and sorrows for it, having overcome so-so trials and tribulations, with somewhat rich seasoning and flavor, he bestowed to it an evaluation of two stars.

By evaluating what was eaten this way, it felt as though he had fallen heir to the spirit of Gourmet belonging to his sibling who had already lost his life, Ley Batenkaitos, but setting that aside, to eat one’s Memories meant it was possible to know that being’s way of thinking and philosophy, and to its extreme, while in the midst of battle, even learn the orders of things that were planned, what had been schemed and plotted.

Therefore, originally, despite the aftertaste of triumph and sense of accomplishments felt after Otto’s defeat, sensing the ambush planned for the subsequent instant should have been a simple and spontaneous task to accomplish.

However, it did not transpire so. ――Because Otto had not shared plans with his comrades about what tangible actions they would take after he had been incapacitated.

Merely, Otto Suwen had solemnly believed.

Should he just extend a signal for the moment he would comprehensibly be incapacitated, his comrades would not let it go to waste.

Because he, devoid of plans or anything such, bet everything on just powerful bonds――,

???: [――It is a pleasure to meet you, Aldebaran-sama.]

Unmistakably, it had happened in the blink of an eye.

A closing, and opening of the eyes. At the presence of the blue-haired girl who had interloped in that instant, while a matter of course for Aldebaran, neither Yae, nor Roy, nor even “Aldebaran” could react.

An outsider who was not supposed to be there, had suddenly appeared without warning.

That alone was enough to pry an instant from veteran soldiers, but in this scene, the one onto which that had been most lethal, was Aldebaran, for whom it did not end with a mere instant.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Yae naturally had no acquaintance with her, Roy was exempt due to it being his own Authority, and “Aldebaran”, while sharing in his Memories, possessed a fundamentally different soul; thus it was a phenomenon that did not occur for any of them.

Stimulating the black-stained Memories etched into his soul, alongside the sensation of something that had been removed being forced back into his brain, Aldebaran’s consciousness went white.

Regardless of who had defined it as such, it was a flash grenade of Memories.

???: [――Al-sama!]

A shrill, frantic voice called to him, and hands that reached out from beyond his white-stained vision grabbed hold of him. However, that did not save Aldebaran from his predicament.

Aldebaran: [――――]

The legs that ought to have been firmly planted on the ground hurtled through the air, and as Aldebaran basked in a ferocious wind, he lost his sense of up, down, left, and right, and realized his body had begun revolving.

Unable to control his body, still lording overhead was the blue sky wherein shone the glaring sun―― as that radiance scorched his black eyes, Aldebaran realized something.

――Through some means, he had been teleported straight into the sky, thrown outside of his Territory.

Aldebaran: [――Hk! Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

Reestablishing the Territory that had been forcibly severed, Aldebaran grit his teeth.

Forced to go along with the opponent’s plans, he had been driven to update his Matrix. ――No longer could he return to before the surprise attack a moment prior.

But, if he lagged behind in his decision to update it, Aldebaran would have been defeated with nothing he could do in return.

Aldebaran’s Authority was invincible, but that was entirely within the set bounds of his established Territory. Were he to perish outside of those bounds, he would be the same as the many lives who were not afforded any second chances.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Digesting the circumstances he had been placed in, Aldebaran’s consciousness concentrated on reality.

Given that he had been forced to update his Matrix, to Aldebaran, everything from here on out would be both a treasure and a calamity, a tailwind and a headwind, a virtue and an evil.

Aldebaran: [Sky…!!]

The roaring hum of the wind, the violent sense of suspension that seemed to strike his body; the fact that he was falling from such a high altitude despite having no memory of being sent up there, meant that the due procedures had been omitted.

For a moment, what flashed through Aldebaran’s mind was the Authority of the strongest Witch, but that could not be it. ――If the opponent had truly been that Witch, the phenomenon that occurred would have differed. He would not have been thrown out into open air like this, and above all, Aldebaran would have been killed a hundred times over before he could even blink.

Hence, he could eliminate that possibility from the multitude of worst-case scenarios.

As he narrowed down the possibilities, he gathered his surrounding situation in parallel. At present, if there were any irregularities nearby Aldebaran as he was being jostled by the wind, that would be――,

???: [――Al-sama.]

Tightly grabbing onto Aldebaran’s single arm and clinging on, was Yae.

Just before he had been thrown out into the sky, she had pounced on Aldebaran just as he had frozen up from having eaten the flashbang of Memories, and thus had been sent up from the forest to the sky along with him.

Whether he ought to count that as a blessing or a curse, Aldebaran mentally separated the things he could and could not do now that Yae was here, and decided on the first action to take.

That was――,

Yae: [I’ll steady our posture! Al-sama, don’t part from me――]

Aldebaran: [ Obugh .]

Simultaneous to Yae embracing him and attempting to form some sort of countermeasure against falling, Aldebaran unwrapped the drug package within his mouth, and gulped down the poison.

He could tell that Yae had widened her crimson eyes, and was looking at him with an expression of surprise. But, given that he had already ended up taking a lethal dose, there was no helping it.

Yae: [I’ll ask later.]

Blood frothed at the corners of his mouth, and tasting rusted iron as that mercilessly defiled the inside of his helmet, Aldebaran’s consciousness was crushed by the wind――,

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

It was something he had known would happen, but reality seemed to follow up by greeting him with the howling wind.

When he opened his shut eyelids, ever present there was the odious radiance of the sun―― as it glared down at him intently, Aldebaran grasped that he was surrounded by several hundreds of meters of sky.

Aldebaran: [You’ve gotta be kidding me.]

Warping, instantaneous travel, teleport . ――No matter how one chose to express it, the result was the same; in the sense of manipulating physical space, that which fell in the realm of Yin Magic was a hyper spell that necessitated all sorts of conditions be met.

If one carefully constructed the technique and erected a field wherein it was etched, it would be possible to create a limited warp connected by two doors through that field. Or probably even without advanced preparations, if a caster could simply visualize the coordinates of a destination, and constructed the technique to send their target there with the preparedness to fully expend their own Gate, they might have been able to issue just a one-way ticket.

×　　×　　×

Ultimately, the phenomenon that had sent Aldebaran and Yae into the sky was at an impossible level of difficulty even if technically achievable through magic, which meant that some other form of foul play was involved.

Not once had he gotten word of a Divine Protection that could physically interfere with others to such an extent.

Of course, like in the case of Reinhard, Divine Protections thought to be trivial could be implemented in an unusual way, and there were also those who would end up tailoring them into dreadful weapons of war, but――,

Aldebaran: [――This is different. But, if it’s an Authority…]

As far as Aldebaran knew, the existing Authorities of Wrath, Gluttony, and Lust belonged to the Sin Archbishops, while Sloth and Greed were both in the possession of Natsuki Subaru.

Excluding Aldebaran’s Authority, which ought to be classified as all manners of unenumerated, supernumerary, and appropriated, the leftover possibilities were Pride, as well as Vanagloria and Tristitia. ――The last two were supposed to be unusable by anyone, so the only candidate remaining was Pride.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [Pride has come? Sprung up? Gotten involved? ――Nah, that ain’t what matters here.]

Be it someone Aldebaran knew who had been chosen as Pride, or be it someone he did not know who had gotten involved as Pride, that which he ought to focus on was the possibility that he had made an enemy of an Authority holder.

Save for Natsuki Subaru and Reinhard, the only variables that could pose a threat to Aldebaran were unmistakably those who held Authorities―― none other than those destroyers of concepts, permitted to bend the very rules of the world, trampling upon them as they pleased.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [―― Alright , settled down.]

Are you finally done panicking after being forced to go along with your enemy’s plans? Feeling as if he heard those words voiced by the roaring wind, Aldebaran gave his reply.

In order to be able to do so, Aldebaran had sorted out the situation in his head.

Of course, the actual circumstances of being thrown out into the sky, the regret he had about Yae having come along with him, and the sensation of his consciousness being whited-out by the resurgence of Memories, in reality, none of that had changed.

But, that was a cheap price to pay if he did not die for real. Such was Aldebaran’s life.

In exchange for that dirt-cheap price, he could easily afford to let his head, body, and mind take a breather.

???: [――Al-sama.]

Yae grabbed onto Aldebaran’s single arm, and seeing her tied-up hair violently fluttering like a dog’s tail in good spirits, Aldebaran advanced his thoughts onto the next phase.

With both himself and Yae alive, they would need to land on the ground.

For that purpose――,

Yae: [I’ll steady our posture! Al-sama, don’t part from me――]

Aldebaran: [Nah, that’s my line.]

As Yae enthusiastically tried to initiate her own measures after being thrown high into the sky, Aldebaran hindered her by forcibly pulling her into his own chest. Because he had used his right arm to do so, he rapidly forged the usual stone prosthetic arm, and rose it aloft―― that instant, a vehement impact struck his prosthetic arm from above, adding speed to their free fall.

Heavily reverberating across the artificial arm, was a blow from a dreadful and fiendish lump of iron. Mixing in with the tremendous voice of the wind, it was a threat present at the end of the clangoring chains, dancing like a writhing snake.

Contrary to its name, it was a spiked iron ball with a form molded to send people into an eternal sleep――,

???: [――Prepare yourselves!]

On the opposite side of the iron ball that had smashed into him, descending was a blue-haired girl who appeared to carry the sun on her back. Having greatly diminished Aldebaran’s advantage, the opponent who had shot up the signal for the commencement of the battle―― Rem bellowed.

Slowly protruding from her forehead was a single horn. It was a sign that she was of the Oni Clan, proof that she was a member of the race created to decisively purge this world of all traces of the Witch.

But even more than that, now that he had recalled her existence, it took on a different significance to Aldebaran.

That was――,

Aldebaran: [To begin with, you’re not even supposed to be alive, Lil’ Miss Rem!!]

△▼△▼△▼△

Leaping into the air with hardened resolve, the hem of her maid uniform fluttering behind her, Rem gripped the handle of the Morningstar tightly in her hand as she glared down at Al and his maid below.

――Up until this point, the surprise attack had gone perfectly according to plan.

By exposing Al to the sight of Rem, they robbed him of his ability to make decisions, rendering him frozen, and in that instant they utilized Compression in order to abduct him. This not only separated Al from his allies, but also trapped him in a position where he was prevented from moving right away―― allowing for him to be successfully dragged out into the sky, a matter on which everyone had readily agreed.

When it came to the crucial timing of the aforementioned attack, Otto, who had been pursuing the Al Troupe while engaging them in guerilla warfare, had prepared a message to be delivered in the event that he was defeated; a precaution that proved invaluable.

That signal marked the defeat of the formidable Otto at the hands of the Al Troupe, and thus was tantamount to the moment in which their tension would ease, even if only slightly.

Rem: [Priscilla-san was one who showed me utmost kindness. As someone who cared deeply for that Priscilla-san, I cannot stand by and overlook Al-san’s outrageous actions any longer.]

When objections had been raised about Rem going to confront Al directly, Rem had chosen those words in order to express her own wishes.

Ultimately, while that was merely a matter of the mindset that formed the foundation of her resolve, it was also undoubtedly a display of Rem’s true feelings, and the core of her unwavering motivation in facing this battle.

Of course, right beside that core was the presence of Subaru, who had been captured by Al. Rather, he might have actually been the core. ――No, Priscilla-san was also the core after all, so there would just need to be two cores. She would have to apologize to Beatrice-sama later.

In any case, that determination of hers settled the matter of Rem’s participation in the unit that would confront Al head-on.

Strategically speaking, there was no particular vision of Rem being particularly useful on any other battlefronts, but even aside from the initial disruption of Memories, there was more than enough of a possibility for Rem to be super effective against Al.

The specifics of that possibility were precisely――,

Aldebaran: [To begin with, you’re not even supposed to be alive, Lil’ Miss Rem!!]

The moment the iron ball smashed down from the high skies, Al blocked the firm impact with a prosthetic arm forged of rock, shouting angrily as he caught sight of Rem.

Despite being buffeted by the roaring winds, Rem heard those words with clarity, thus convincing her of that which Petra had told her about the possible relationship between Rem and Al that she was not aware of.

Rem: [Although, Rem can’t remember any such interactions between Al-san and her incompetent self…]

She had also checked with Ram, but it seemed that her only contact with Al was limited to one time in the Royal Capital before the Royal Selection officially began. It seemed they had not had a conversation memorable enough to leave an impression, and even what they had talked about remained ambiguous.

Likely, the point of contact between the sisters and Al was one-sided, perceived only by the other party.

But――,

Rem: [That manner of speaking is truly hurtful! When we were attacked by Arakiya-san in Guaral, the ones who had saved us were you, Al-san, and――]

Pausing there, however, Rem firmly swallowed all her hesitations, and,

Rem: [――Priscilla-san, is that not right!?]

Deliberately bringing up Priscilla’s name, Rem had attempted to agitate Al.

For resorting to the worst, most underhanded tactics she could think of, Rem despised herself. However, thinking it necessary in order to put a stop to Al’s outrageous behavior, she steeled her body and heart as an Oni and fixed her stern gaze on him.

Aldebaran: [――――]

In response to Rem’s provocation, Al did not raise his voice, instead choosing to maintain silence.

Within his jet-black iron helmet, Al’s expression remained hidden behind his visor, the light dwelling in his eyes was unknown. Even the amount of pain Rem’s words just now had inflicted upon him, everything remained unknown to her.

Rem: [――Here it comes!]

However, Rem did not wait for Al’s reaction, resuming her onslaught without granting him any time to rest.

Rem had already set her priorities. From the beginning, when compared to Ram, who displayed talent and genius a cut above the rest of all other beings in this world, Rem was clumsy, mediocre, and inferior in every way.

If Rem desired something beyond the reach of the average person, then she would just have to carefully select the best possible means for that end.

For the time being, Rem excelled at ignoring lower priorities in order to focus on her higher ones.

Rem: [Huma!]

Alongside the incantation, Mana interfered with the world, invoking the unreal phenomenon known as magic.

Unlike Emilia’s Huma, which manipulated heat and condensed moisture in the atmosphere to create ice, Rem specialized in the type of Huma that created water from nothing using magic, outputting that water as materialized ice from the outset.

Neither Huma was necessarily superior to the other, but the Emilia-type Huma, which utilized the moisture in the air, required less Mana and possessed the advantage of remaining in place after serving its purpose, allowing for it to be reused. On the other hand, the Rem-type Huma required more Mana because it created water from nothing, and after being used, it would return to Mana and leave no trace.

Based on that explanation alone, the Emilia-type Huma might seem to have the overwhelming superiority. However, the Rem-type Huma had its own powerful advantages.

This was due to the fact that it could create ice at any desired location and in any desired shape, regardless of the amount of moisture in the air or the quality of the water――,

Rem: [――HAAAHHHH!!]

Kicking off the ice platform she had created in midair, Rem ferociously lunged toward Al and his companion.

By manifesting a Huma that was anchored in place, Rem created an impromptu platform capable of withstanding even her full-powered kicks. The power of the Morningstar, unleashed after gaining a momentary boost from the platform, was beyond comparison to that which only utilized the force generated by gyrating her body.

The iron ball spun violently as it hurtled toward Al, sparing no quarter.

Capable of easily crushing a human body upon direct impact, it was as if it was responding to the affection Subaru had shown by polishing it every day, closing in toward Al from Rem’s hand with delight, closer, and closer, and closer――,

???: [As if I’d let you.]

At the moment of impact, the loving iron ball was halted by countless threads.

Upon closer inspection, that was the work of the crimson shinobi held in Al’s arm, twisting her body to glare at Rem―― she was a thread user without peer, subservient to Al.

The shinobi , embraced from behind by Al, weaved the threads she had extended from both hands into a net to softly catch the iron ball like a cushion.

Her skills were impressive, but that was not what caught Rem’s attention.

In the first place, the plan behind this surprise attack was to completely isolate Al from his allies by throwing him out into the sky. For her to have intervened there, something was wrong with her. ――No, it was mistaken to think that there was something wrong with her. Rem was well aware of why she had been able to do it.

Despite everyone else having been completely stunned by Rem’s sudden appearance, the shinobi retained enough leeway for herself to reach her hands out, and channel it into practical action.

As for what had allowed her to do so――,

Rem: [――That would be, love!]

Aldebaran: [Wrong!!]

Shinobi: [You’re wrong!!]

In response to Rem’s confident outcry, Al and the shinobi shouted back almost simultaneously.

Taking advantage of that opening, Rem forcefully pulled back the Morningstar that was about to be taken from her and retrieved the iron ball from the shinobi , who was reluctant to lose her balance. In preparation for her next attack, Rem created multiple new footholds, shot herself off them, and rapidly descended in pursuit of the two.

However――,

Shinobi: [It’s scary when someone catches up to you, but when stretched too far, even a lead can become a shortcoming, y’know?]

As composure returned to the previously tense expression of the shinobi , she flashed a sweet smile as she shot out a thread. And the target of that thread, had been the foothold of ice that Rem had created midair.

Having been suddenly thrown out into the sky, Al and his shinobi had had no choice but to enter a freefall, but by anchoring onto the footholds created by Rem, they would be able to stabilize themselves.

From what she had heard, the shinobi’s skills far exceeded Rem’s own. If the opponent were able to compensate for the disadvantage she had been given, the gap in strength that ought to have been somewhat closed would be reopened in no time.

Rem: [Indeed, of this I am aware. I am full of shortcomings, after all.]

That was why Rem would not allow her opponents to compensate for their disadvantages.

Shinobi: [――Hk!]

Hearing Rem’s reply―― no, feeling the sensation she had just grasped vanishing like mist, the shinobi’s expression once again lost its composure.

The foothold of ice she had attempted to use as an anchor point vanished as if it were a dream or an illusion. Of course, neither was it a dream, nor an illusion. It was Mana. Rem had simply returned it to being Mana at will.

Despite both being Huma, this was the main difference between the Emilia-type, which once frozen, stayed frozen, and the Rem-type, which froze only when desired and was easy to tidy up.

Rem: [Simply put, Rem’s version is more offensive.]

Right before Rem’s eyes, the shinobi lost the target upon which she was exerting strength, thus breaking her stance.

Holding onto the shinobi , Al was caught up in that as well, almost losing his balance, but he managed to reinforce the exterior of his cracked prosthetic arm, consecutively blocking a flurry of iron ball attacks unleashed by Rem, two, three times.

Thereupon――,

???: [――Hiyah!!]

――Rising obliquely upwards from below, Emilia’s long leg mercilessly slammed into Al’s defenseless back with toes armored in a boot of ice.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The division of the Aldebaran Troupe.

Against a group rebelling against the world to an extent that rivalled the Witch Cult, even surpassing it in terms of instantaneous velocity, that was a prerequisite that they absolutely could not afford to mess up.

The surprise tactic performed in order to meet that condition, had gone about ninety percent as planned. The ten percent miscalculation―― how the presence of the shinobi who had chosen to go along with them would come into play, was something that wounded the plan as an uncertain variable, but overly worrying about it would just be all the more harmful.

Each of them would fulfill their own part to the utmost.

After all, without that sort of faith and resolve, the stratagem to stop the Aldebaran Troupe would not bear any fruit.

???: [――Tru~ly, everyone’s got the sort of look in their eyes that one can’t help but tremble, you kno~w.]

Pronouncing so whilst dangling his languidly hanging arms to and fro, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, exhibited a sadistic smile as he surveyed his surroundings.

In his environs were shadows that appeared in succession as though substituting Aldebaran and the others immediately after they were hurled―― astood there were warriors assembled to defeat the Aldebaran Troupe.

All of them cast gazes that stood their ground against the Sin Archbishop, to which Roy unwittingly licked his lips.

Roy: [How nice, so nice, perhaps it is nice. But you know, to gather in such large numbers, the combat power required for taking care of us might get rounded up altogether in one fell swoop, isn’t it?]

???: [――Hah. Likewise for you, how about showing some lovableness by cowering in fright a bit more? That is, if you do not wish to meet death the same way as your sibling, who perished at the Tower of sand.]

???: [On top of tha~t, do you people even have Witchbeast-chans in your strike zone , hmm~? If not the~n… you can think of me, as you people’s natural enemy~.]

Amidst the warriors, the shadow clutching her own elbows and the shadow combing down her three-strand braid responded so. Even in the face of their unmistakable hostility, Roy was unable to conceal a smile trembling in premonition of a banquet.

???: [Th-this isn’t a joke… can’t you all see the Divine Dragon here!? You know how much damage it did to the Royal Capital… there’s no chance that you can win this!]

Contrary to the elated Roy, Heinkel’s voice trembled with a face deathly pale.

As per his words, he stood right by the feet of the Divine Dragon while relying on its intimidation, and in response to the hostility that stared him down, he fervently raised his voice with a loathsome expression.

That figure ought to have been called “a man who borrowed the might of Dragons”, but Heinkel’s point was in fact not mistaken. The Divine Dragon possessed absolute power; if one were to stand in its way without a plan, what awaited them was a curtain’s close of merciless annihilation.

???: [Tho’, that’s only if ya ain’t got a plan.]

Heinkel: [――Hk, the old giant.]

???: [This old giant’s seen the Demi-Human War. Never again will I give mercy ta those barin’ their fangs against me. ――I’ll be havin’ ya return Felt.]

Before Heinkel as his breathing choked up and he averted his gaze, the giant stroked his bald head and declared such. At the giant’s proclamation, Heinkel’s cheeks tensed up, but, there was another figure that began to stir.

And that, was none other than the Dragon he had singled out earlier.

Divine Dragon: [I dunno if I should be saying this, but it makes me damn nervous that we’ve been pushed to this extent. I’m keenly feeling what it means to make an enemy of the world.]

Despite being a Dragon of such dignified appearance, it placed its hand on its head in a strangely human-like gesture.

While giving off a sense of presence such that the majority of those who lived in the Dragon Kingdom would prostrate themselves just by laying eyes upon it, the way it conducted itself made it seem like an entirely different thing.

At the very least, in the eyes of those who knew the real Divine Dragon, the sense of something being amiss was palpable.

???: [But then again, unlike the dignitaries of the Kingdom, I’m in no such panic about the image of the Divine Dragon crumbling, or of its brand value pluuumetting~. ――Onlyyy~, I wonder about the one next to me? Wouldn’t you have quite a few reservaaations~?]

???: [No, Master, you needn’t worry. Groundless fear. It would be laughable for me to pile words onto a past that I have already shed. Feeble.]

Looking down on those who showed no fear before the dragonhusk that did not align with its own mind or stature, “Aldebaran” narrowed its golden eyes.

Among those standing in their way, attention began to converge on a small silhouette slowly stepping forward. Naturally, Roy and Heinkel also shifted their attention to that silhouette.

It was unclear how that individual had come to stand in that position, but strangely enough, they understood without the need for words to tell them. ――That girl represented the will of everyone present.

At the center of everyone’s attention, the girl―― Petra Leyte thrust her finger up towards the heavens, and spoke.

Petra: [――It’s all-out war. Be dolls and let yourselves get thoroughly defeated, alright?] So she declared.

--- Chapter 41: Apprise the Usurper ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never imbibe.

△▼△▼△▼△

Petra: [――It’s all-out war. Be dolls and let yourselves get thoroughly defeated, alright?]

Indeed, the moment Petra issued her declaration in the mountains from which Al had disappeared, palpable tension immediately began to swell, and then burst asunder.

That instant, the residual members of the Al Troupe who had been on guard from the sudden appearance of Petra and the rest―― the Divine Dragon Volcanica, Roy Alphard of Gluttony, and Heinkel, all sprang into motion.

However, there existed not a shred of coordination between the three, with each of them acting independently.

Petra: [――――]

Upon witnessing them all begin to move, Petra’s first stratagem―― nay, the first stratagem had been the Flash Remnade, prying away Aldebaran’s consciousness using the presence of Rem, so this stratagem would serve as the second arrow.

It was a stratagem to cause the Al Troupe, composed of individuals who were each formidable opponents, to break apart into a disorderly crowd.

Petra: [Taking Al-san out of the picture right at the onset, and then utterly disorienting the remaining combatants. With that――]

???: [With a “ready, go!”, everyone will start acting on their own!]

As the Imaginary Subaru’s voice completed Petra’s sentence, the Dragon, the Sin Archbishop, and Heinkel all conformed to their own individual senses of judgment.

In order to disarray their options as much as possible, they mobilized the bulk of their forces right at the outset.

Of course, this stratagem also came with a large risk that the Divine Dragon would dispose of all of them in one fell swoop, but――,

Petra: [――Likely, the method Al-san used to enlist the Divine Dragon, was the same one used for me.]

Such was Petra’s conjecture on the betrayal of the highly esteemed Divine Dragon Volcanica.

Regarding the state of the Volcanica perched at the top of the Watchtower, from what Petra had heard from Emilia, she understood that the Dragon had grown senile after many long years. ――The method of forcibly cramming “something” into the void of that consciousness, was something Petra understood better than anyone from her own experience.

Just as Petra housed Natsuki Subaru in part of her consciousness upon reading the Book of the Dead, there was a high chance that Volcanica now housed an existence cooperative to Al. And, that existence shared quite firmly in Al’s objective, deciding to make an enemy of the world alongside him.

There did Petra stake her gamble. ――On a vow of “no-killing”, shared between Al and Volcanica.

Volcanica: [――Haahraan!!]

At the outset, the one to execute the first strike was the Divine Dragon, maneuvering its enormous body with agility.

The Dragon’s mighty maw gaped wide open, and it unleashed a breath that shone with a light of destruction, reducing all to naught―― such was not the case; instead, unleashed was a mist of fresh water manifested from the Dragon’s vast Mana. Starting with Petra, it engulfed the Royal Selection Combined Forces, the “Aldebusters”, in one fell swoop, moistening all of their bodies.

For a moment, confusion stirred due to uncertainty of the Divine Dragon’s aim, but those doubts were quickly dispelled.

Petra: [――――]

The sound of the atmosphere creaking struck upon their eardrums, and they were hindered from readying themselves immediately. Upon looking, Petra and the rest glimpsed that their moistened bodies had begun to glitter with frost, and that they were about to be flash-frozen――,

???: [――Ul Goa.]

Within an instant, the forest, upon which a white fog was adrift, was overturned by a blazing red conflagration.

The freezing via dense mist that the Divine Dragon had aimed for was suppressed by the power of a swelling flame that seemed to enshroud the entirety of the visible surroundings, instantly thawing the glaciation and even drying the moistened bodies in the blink of an eye.

The one who accomplished that feat stood at the center of the formation with a finger raised, having obstructed the Divine Dragon’s aim with a single incantation; and while his personality was just the worst, his skills were that of the greatest Magician in the Kingdom―― Roswaal L. Mathers.

Needless to say, the higher the level of magic, the more delicate control it required.

On top of having immediately responded with magic of the Ul-tier, which by no means was easily usable by anyone, the glaciation of all present had been utterly annulled, even going so far as to dry their clothes whilst leaving not a single burn; it truly was a divine feat.

That Roswaal achieved such feats within a single breath left even the Divine Dragon, having lived since times of yore, utterly aghast.

Thereupon――,

???: [That which you ought to focus on is this. Concentration.]

The quiet and courteous voice was accompanied by an unimaginable impact.

With a light step forward, Clind had soared up, delivering with his long leg a tremendous kick to the side of the Dragon’s maw, as the latter had come to a standstill. As for the might of that kick, it was something that could hold its own against even Garfiel’s kicks, which carried might akin to a cannonball; with its stance broken, the Dragon’s arms hit the ground, causing a cloud of dust to rise.

The Divine Dragon’s first move was thus directly inhibited by the Roswaal-Clind combo.

On the other side, bolting out as if to tear through that cloud of dust was the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, fangs bared――,

Roy: [Hahaa~! For you to line up such a delicious looking assortment of heads, at this point, this is just love-!]

Plunging towards the front lines with vigor that spilled his drool, Roy, unlike the Divine Dragon who had attempted to stop all of the Aldebusters, swiftly pounced at a singular, clearly-defined target.

Complying to the ferine instinct known as appetite, Roy closed in on his prey with bizarrely refined precision. And the one set as the target for Gluttony’s foul tongue, was the pink-haired maid standing amidst the formation――,

Roy: [――Ram.]

Touching upon something undetectable to the eyes, the outreached hand set the table for the meal.

Calling out that name, Roy grinned from ear to ear, and called out by that name, Ram’s congealed expression crossed gazes with him; the subsequent instant, the Sin Archbishop gave an ostentatious lick to the palm that had touched her.

The Authority of Gluttony was invoked, and there did a new tragedy burgeon―― naught.

Roy: [ Blergh .]

Eyes wide open, Roy clutched his mouth at the recoil from his misfired Eclipsing, a nauseating sensation akin to vomiting. Before Roy, as his steps began to falter, Ram twirled her body in splendor,

Ram: [Truly a fool.]

Ram’s knee shot upwards, casting a vivid strike up into the Sin Archbishop’s jaw.

Heinkel: [Shit shit shit! After coming this far…!]

The Divine Dragon and Gluttony; compared to those two, who, while differing in their respective aims, had chosen to fight, Heinkel, as the last man standing, selected an alternate path.

Having opted for a path unique to that of the Dragon’s chilly breath or the Sin Archbishop’s Bizarre Eating, Heinkel wielded his unsheathed sword to keep everything in front of him at bay, leaping not forwards, but backwards. Gaining distance in such a manner, he was most likely hoping for someone other than himself to change the tide of the battle.

However――,

???: [Nothing so convenient will come to pass, Honorable Family Head.]

???: [Honorable Family Head, in truth, I have always wanted to do this.]

Thereupon descended the twin sisters, having waited in ambush atop the trees since directly after the activation of Compression.

Flam and Grassis―― they were twins who served the Astrea Family, but ironically, the one whose torso they slammed their kicks into from both the front and behind happened to be the man who was the very family head of the House that they served.

Heinkel: [ Goeghh … hk.]

The kicks from the sisters who had mastered the Flow Method gave rise to an explosive roar unthinkable for girls of such petite build.

At the impact that seemed like it would crush his organs, deathly cries of pain arose from Heinkel’s throat as his eyes rolled into the back of his head. ――With these three avenues of impacts all occurring almost simultaneously, their strong start had unfolded exactly as planned.

And, in addition to that――,

“Subaru”: [――Now here’s the game changer .]

The Imaginary Subaru snapped his fingers, and though only Petra was able to hear it, it rang out loudly. With that as a cue, an alteration was birthed in the battle situation.

――Another division by way of Compression, fractured the Al Troupe even more.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Petra Leyte was more keenly aware of the Al Troupe’s terrifying nature than the results would suggest.

After his betrayal at the Pleiades Watchtower, Al had enlisted the Divine Dragon as an ally, evaded Reinhard and Felt’s forces, and successfully broke the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony out of prison in the Royal Capital.

While Al’s accomplices had played significant roles in the events that had unfolded so far, the greatest threat remained Al himself.

Upon learning the true nature of Al’s extraordinary power over fate―― the power to bring about the results he desired, Petra felt a sense of understanding that was beyond words.

That was because she had learned the truth about Natsuki Subaru from reading his Book of the Dead.

“Subaru”: [Al also has the ability to leap … If that’s the case, then I know better than anyone how dangerous he is. What’s more, unlike me, with my pathetic fighting skills, Al is the type who can hold his own in a fight, so simply put, it’s like fighting a better version of myself.]

Petra: […Subaru, you’re really dependable when you’re with Beatrice-chan, too. And when it comes to tricks and cunning, you’re every bit as good as Otto-san.]

“Subaru”: [But the original me was captured alongside Beatrice, as for tricks and cunning, they really aren’t the kind of skills that strong people brag about…]

The Imaginary Subaru spoke with a lack of confidence, but even putting aside her feelings of love or bias, Petra did not think that Subaru was inferior to Al, let alone a lesser version of him.

Regarding that, she had also heard some interesting speculation from Rom-jii, who had deduced that Al’s Authority was most likely a time leap.

――The suggestion was that Al’s time leap was more likely something that went back a short amount of time.

Petra: [If he really possessed the same power as Subaru, he could have avoided encountering Felt-sama and Rom-san before they had a chance to confront him.]

“Subaru”: [But don’t be too confident about that. It’s entirely possible that his restart point just happened to be a spot where he couldn’t avoid Felt and the others. Even I wasn’t able to completely stop Petelgeuse from attacking Emilia and the others.]

Petra: [I think that was pretty much a shutout――]

Just as she was about to say more, Petra considered “Subaru’s“ feelings and stopped herself.

Petra was going to say that if Subaru had perfectly defeated the Sin Archbishop of Sloth, who attacked the Roswaal Mansion and Arlam Village, the tragedies that befell Rem and Crusch would have been avoided.

Subaru did everything in his power. Petra recognized this, but Subaru himself felt differently.

Sadly, this led to Natsuki Subaru’s low self-evaluation, which Petra found extremely frustrating, but――,

Petra: [Setting that aside for now… It’s not just the ridiculous Al-san, but also the Divine Dragon, that shinobi maid, a Sin Archbishop, and even Heinkel-san, all working with him.]

“Subaru”: [What an unbelievable members list. The Dragon, a ninja , a Sin Archbishop, Reinhard’s dad, that’s right, that Reinhard’s dad. This isn’t going to be easy.]

Petra: [As for Heinkel-san, no comment .]

When “Subaru” made a concerned expression, Petra crossed her fingers over her lips in the shape of an X to indicate that she would not provide an answer.

Heinkel had briefly joined forces with them in the Vollachian Empire, but he deliberately kept his distance from others, so Petra had virtually no contact with him.

The only person who cared about Heinkel, even if only a little, was Garfiel, but if he knew what had happened to Heinkel now, he would be devastated. Thinking about how devastated Garfiel would be, Petra could feel her anger toward Heinkel welling up inside her.

The Emilia Camp was united in their anger toward anyone who hurt their loved ones.

Petra: [ Phew … I need to stay calm. It doesn’t matter what Garf-san feels unless he resolves it himself, and we need to make sure that the path is open for him.]

“Subaru”: [You say path, but where do we start…]

Petra: [Yeah, you’re right. It’s not an easy decision. But――]

Seeing “Subaru” at a loss, Petra smiled mischievously and turned around. Following Petra’s movement, “Subaru” also looked in that direction.

There stood the figures of everyone here, demonstrating the results that had been achieved by Natsuki Subaru, a man who often took everything upon himself, stumbling over and over through repeated failures.

“Subaru”: [――――]

Petra: [Sure, I think Al-san and his group are really tough, and if we tried to fight them normally, we wouldn’t stand a chance. ――But we’re not exactly normal either, are we?]

Winking, Petra made one of the cutest faces she had ever made and smiled at the striking figure of Imaginary Subaru as she spoke.

And so, together with these not-so-normal but reliable companions, they devised a plan――,

――At Otto Suwen’s signal, the battle began.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never pen a missive.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Authority brought about by the Witch Factor of Tristitia, Compression, was by no means all-powerful.

The phenomenon induced by Compression was ultimately just the compaction of events that could be feasibly achieved―― condensing the traversal time within a traversable range; such a thing served as a good example.

To put it another way, events that were impossible to achieve regardless of the time spent could not be realized through Compression.

Henceforth, even when it came to the division of the Aldebaran Troupe, after first throwing Aldebaran out from the battlefield, further dividing the group that remained had been no easy feat.

If the opponent was cautious of Compression, then the difficulty of applying the Authority’s effects would rapidly increase. Not to mention, against such foes as the Divine Dragon and a Sin Archbishop, even just taking them away was a herculean undertaking.

Unless it was used on a person who consented to its effects, or a person who was caught off guard, the possible applications of Compression were extremely narrow; such was its weakness.

That weakness was surmounted by the rapid fire of outlandish stratagems devised by the Royal Selection Combined Forces, the “Aldebusters”.

Overwhelming Heinkel with numbers, taking advantage of Volcanica’s mindset that adhered to “no-killing”, and refusing service to Roy Alphard’s Gluttony as he was in delirium over a feast.

All of which, before their execution, had been outlandish stratagems of uncertain success. ――But, the likes of stratagems guaranteeing one-hundred percent certainty, existed not in this world.

What did exist, however, were the efforts necessary to approach that one-hundred percent, and the hearts that believed in them to the utmost.

Those who watered the sprouting seedlings of such possibilities, their spirits were――,

???: [Ah, how delightful. Admiration.]

Nodding so, Clind landed on the dirt, training his gaze upon the Divine Dragon Volcanica to his fore.

Its stance broken, Volcanica supported itself with a single arm, receiving Clind’s gaze head on. Within the narrowed golden eyes of the Dragon, the bud of a clearly defined will could indeed be perceived.

As Petra had surmised, a separate consciousness was being housed in the Divine Dragon’s dragonhusk.

Volcanica: [――――]

Naturally, as Volcanica glared at Clind, his attack from a moment prior had been ineffective for the most part. It had been enough to succeed in catching it off guard, but it was a far cry from driving the opponent into a corner.

Even so, the objective of the initial surprise attack had been achieved. ――In the theater of war where the dragonhusk of the Divine Dragon was being confronted, those facing off against the usurper numbered a mere two members of the Aldebusters.

The only ones remaining were Clind, and Roswaal L. Mathers.

Volcanica: […I guess it’s the same technique that sent Origin away.]

Lifting its body with a hand planted on the ground, the Divine Dragon muttered in a low, solemn voice.

As the Dragon surveyed its surroundings with its golden eyes, it ascertained that they were removed from the mountains in which they had just previously occupied, having been moved to a far away open plain.

With a teleportation invoked via Compression, it was proof the troublesome opponent had been successfully isolated.

However――,

Volcanica: [Clind, was it? I’d thought there was no way, but… it seems like there’s no doubt that you’re the one who holds the Witch Factor of Tristitia.]

Clind: [――. Where did you obtain that information? Inquiry.]

Volcanica: [I’m acquainted with an all-knowing great deity who taught me. Regardless, it was only something slipped in amidst all their blabbering, so I couldn’t even remember it until just now.]

As the Divine Dragon shrugged its shoulders in an extremely human-like gesture, from its mouth came the term “Tristitia”, and an identification of the Witch Factor’s holder; faced with that, Clind pondered its words.

If the usurper was capable of extracting information from the dragonhusk, then there would have been no doubt about it knowing such a thing. But, if that were truly the case, then its conduct until this point would have been a tad incoherent.

In order for it to make logical sense on both fronts, it would mean that while the usurper had yet to attain full mastery over handling the dragonhusk, it had somehow heard about Clind’s circumstances from someone else, but――,

Roswaal: [When it’s just the two of you coming to a mutual understanding, I end up feeling quite left ouuut~.]

Clind: [Master…]

Roswaal: [You are a talented individual capable of performing meticulous work, but if you go too far, you will be considered highly strung. How they obtained this knowledge isn’t the proooblem~. In fact, the stratagem has come together, after all.]

Volcanica: [Stratagem, huh?]

As Roswaal remonished Clind, the usurper grandly unfurled the wings upon its back. The mere act of that kicking up a gust, Clind and Roswaal basked in the wind as it swept through their hair.

Volcanica: [Might not be my place to say this, but regardless of my allies like Roy and the old man, isn’t it a blunder for you guys to have separated from your own comrades back there?]

Roswaal: [Hoh? Well isn’t that a rather fascinating vieeewpoint~. May I ask you to elaborate?]

Volcanica: [You should already know. When there are more people in my line of fire, there’d be a higher chance of easily getting me to curl up. With this body and overflowing power , it ain’t easy to hold back.]

Roswaal: [I see, I can understand that line of thought. If we had wished to aim for a situation in which you were unable to demonstrate your capabilities at full performance , then that’s exactly what we ought to have done, buuut~…]

Clind: [――Unfortunately, that is a condition that applies to us as well. Equivalent.]

Volcanica: [What?]

The usurper of the dragonhusk had implied that they should not have prepared an environment in which it could run amok, but at Clind’s comment, it narrowed its eyes, and then proceeded to immediately widen its eyes.

As if to encircle the Divine Dragon, multicolored lights were afloat with no gaps between them.

At a glance, they appeared faint and colorful like a gathering of Micro Spirits, materializing in a pool of Mana, but anyone with a certain extent of magic knowledge would be able to tell that each and every one of these pale lights was a cluster of immense Mana―― flickers of great magic, housing dreadful power.

Of course, their origin went without saying, the strongest Magician without peer throughout history――,

Roswaal: [Please don’t praise me like that, yes? For you to evaluate myself as such despite knowing Teacher, is an indiscretion that terribly pains my heart, aaafter~ all.]

Seemingly having read his innermost thoughts at a glance, if Roswaal were to demonstrate his true ability at maximum firepower, any surrounding allies would serve only as a hindrance.

And thus――,

Clind: [――The same goes for me. Assent.]

As he spoke, Clind raised up his hand, removing the monocle over his left eye.

That instant, the atmosphere faintly tremored, that which was faint gradually magnifying, little by little, until it crackled through the space, and the earth began to roar.

A special monocle, it was not.

What was necessary was a shift in mindset, a step of resolve to return to the self he had sealed away in the past. ――By never taking that step, Clind had forced himself to remain as a bystander.

With that melancholy and despondency called out by the girl who harbored a shining soul, Clind felt ashamed of himself.

Having received that one final push, no longer could he remain halted in his tracks.

Ergo――,

Volcanica: […Oi oi.]

With a sound of bones creaking, protruding from Clind’s cranium, crowned by blue hair, were two black horns. Neither were those horns proof of belonging to the Oni Clan, nor were they the horns possessed by Witchbeasts. ――Not being either of those things, instead a race that grew horns of such deep blackness, in this world, there existed only one.

Existences reduced to so few in number that they were thought to have been extinct―― the dragonkin.

As the neon genesis of the almighty Dragons, they were a new race that had elected to shed their dragonhusks in favor of assuming the form of man. Clind, too, was one such dragonkin, but also a being who bore a special meaning to this world.

That was because――,

Volcanica: [Finally, I’ve identified the source of this strange feeling. ――So you’re, this body’s…]

Clind: [Any further words would be tactless. Superfluous.]

The usurper still attempted to exhaust further words, so Clind cut it off directly.

No matter who it might have been, there existed nobody who held a greater right to silence the usurper than Clind. None were more worthy than the original owner of that dragonhusk, now purloined by the usurper.

Roswaal: [――The Witch’s Disciple, Roswaal L. Mathers.]

Volcanica: [――Divine Dragon, Volcanica.]

Sending powerful magic adrift, Roswaal gave his name with his feet planted on the ground. Meeting that with due procedure, the usurper shamelessly proclaimed itself as such.

Just how long had it been since he had followed that courtesy, and placed himself atop the stage? ――With such thoughts in mind, as purple lightning surged around his body, Clind too gave his introduction.

Clind: [――Dragonkin of the Divine Dragon, Clind.]

That instant, the two who bore ties to the Divine Dragon leaped into action, and the magic that had been deployed unleashed its true might.

Thus, with a crash and destruction reminiscent of a natural cataclysm serving as the impetus, the battle between those who knew four-hundred years, commenced.

--- Chapter 42: What Effort Doth Shatter the Heart ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never clutch a stuffed toy.

△▼△▼△▼△

Roy: [――――]

The moment the knee shot up into his jaw, Roy Alphard’s cognizance bolted around like a flash of lightning.

Peculiar, inexplicable, strange oddity, whirling misgivings, apprehension, dubiety, something’s wrong, immense abnormality, error, mystifying, accident, incorrect, irregularity, chaos, doubt doubt, doubtdoubtdoubtdoubtdoubtdoubtdoubt――,

Ram: [――Kindly die.]

Governed by such misgivings, Roy would not be overlooked by Ram after she knocked the wind out of his sails by some means.

Her outstretched white fingers fired a jab into Roy’s throat whilst he faced upward. His welling nausea and respiration intercepted, ache and suffocation assaulted Roy’s small frame.

However, Ram’s terrifying essence lay in the lack of charm of not slackening her hand here.

Ram: [Fula.]

The blade of wind generated in the space of her hand seizing his windpipe, the honed sharpness arrested Roy’s slim throat straight-on, and with nowhere for him to run, Roy’s throat was mercilessly slashed away from his body――,

Roy: [――This~, won’t go!]

In that instant, the wind slash cleaved through, and Roy’s head spurted blood as though having burst open.

However, reach Roy’s life it would not, for he had reconstructed the Carnivorous Beast, Beli Heinelga, proprietor of sturdy skin, to whom not a single sword pierced from the thousand lunged into him by the garrison in order to seize the brutal criminal.

Ram: [――――]

Ram dilated her eyes at the unforeseen outcome, and in that juncture, whilst she remained stanced to aim at his throat, Roy forced her along with him as he instantly shifted to the skies above the battlefield―― ‘twas the power of warp movement belonging to the Leaper, Dorkell.

One certain day, having attained a supernatural power by connecting via Od Lagna as though an abrupt divine oracle, the Leaper became a destroyer of order, utilizing that power to assassinate a great number of influential individuals of power. That warp movement indicated no signs in advance, and as Ram stiffened upon being transpierced by the unforeseen astonish, he held her down with brute force and used that interlude to conduct an evaluation of her as prey of the battlefield――,

Ram: [El Fula!]

Roy: [――Uhyi-, seriously!?]

Devoid of hesitation, she fired a gutsy spell of wind magic, to which Roy unwittingly clamored a voice of admiration.

The warp movement, without question, must have been beyond Ram’s anticipation. But she, in merely a moment, digested the shock of failing to slash Roy’s throat and the surprise from the warp movement, and instantaneously counterattacked. Such courage! Such fortitude!

Roy: [You’re doing it~!]

That blade of wind had also failed to pierce through the Carnivorous Beast’s sturdy skin. And yet, he wished to extol that prompt judgment and mobility of action. Hence, infused with the sentiment to extol it, he returned the favor with a fist strike from the Fist King, Neiji Rockhardt.

The hit from the Fist King who had smashed the heads of all kinds of warriors on the Gladiator Island, upon being inundated by it, Ram’s slender body would be turned to a pulpy squash―― vanished.

Ram: [Did you lose sight of Ram? What a useless pair of eyes you have.]

With that unpredicted voice, the supposedly vanished Ram’s presence had emerged behind him; Roy reflexively hurled a blow of the Fist King without looking, but the attack missed. As if magic, her presence had shifted to his overhead, showering him with an enzuigiri kick, and headlong towards the ground did he fall, fall, fall――.

Roy: [A~h, so beautiful~.]

In the midst of falling to the ground back-first, Roy did not even take a defensive stance, wholeheartedly enchanted by that which was overhead―― the hem of her skirt waving, the form of a young girl with pink-hued hair fluttered in resplendence. Roy then went on to defenselessly crash into the ground, and as the impact sustained upon his back spread to his abdomen, pain pervaded the entirety of his body, yet he did not mind.

――Carnivorous Beast × Leaper × Fist King.

Suprarational individuals who had surfaced to the top even amongst all that Gluttony had eaten, but Ram’s might, technique, and clarity of heart had splendidly disposed of them, inducing Roy to feel deeply moved with emotion in sincerity and without plot.

Here, Roy had to also show something good from his side, and with this notion, he swung his legs and stood up, bent his knees, and amassed power in them to pounce at Ram.

After all――,

Roy: [Unless all strength, all capacity, all of everything is totally invested to offer up as hospitality, it can’t be called love, can it now~!]

???: [――That way of thinking, it’s identical to something I’ve heard somewhere, and I really hate i~t.]

However, faster than Roy could leap to return to the skies, a ferocious, outraged voice rushed on from the side. The roar was accompanied by sharp, beastly claws and an explosive charge.

Curved horns and an enormous build that commanded eyes upward, frame supported by limbs that seemed slender, and flexibly racing on the ground was the being called the Jet-Black King of the Forest, synonymous for ferocity and atrociousness――,

???: [――――AROOOO!!]

Roy: [Hyaa~, Guiltilaw!!]

Facing Roy as he cheered in delight, a claw swipe swung down. Roy instantaneously countered it with the power of the Snow Vallum, Tislow. The body exceeding norms, regarded in legend for having intercepted and restrained an avalanche unaided, interdicted the plunging robust limbs of the Witchbeast straight-on, latching a grapple in successive order from the right foreleg, then the left foreleg.

Then, giving it his all, he sought to twist off both of the Guiltilaw’s legs―― when in an instant, his eyes met with pale crimson pupils wielding a wand that had slipped below the Witchbeast’s length of legs.

Roy: [Truly, the greatest――]

Ram: [Fula.]

His forehead showered with bullets of wind disallowing him from even speaking, he was blown away by a tail whip from the Guiltilaw. Repelled a great distance, whilst skiing the ground with his tiptoes, Roy lifted his countenance.

Behind Ram wielding her wand, the young girl clinging atop the Guiltilaw’s back, Meili, used her slender fingers to point towards Roy―― no, towards Roy’s rear, and cried.

Meili: [Sick hi~m, Black Demon Dog-cha~ns!!]

Blackdogs: [――Gugyaaagogugu!]

Conforming with Meili’s shrill call, countless dots of red swooped onto Roy with ferocity.

Those were eyes saturated red belonging to black dogs wolfing down their prey, fangs bared in truculence―― conceived with the power of magic and a profusion of curses teeming in their bodies, a pack of Ulgarm.

The pack of demon dogs mercilessly impaled the body of Gluttony with their fangs and tore it apart. Much to irony, the end of Roy Alphard, who commanded the name of Bizarre Eating per his pleasure, was as feed for inclement Witchbeasts――,

Roy: [Aa~AA~aa~AA~a~――]

The Witchbeasts’ movements came to a petrified halt from the sudden voice of song emanating from Roy’s throat.

The pack of savage dogs stood motionless, and Roy gently caressed the head of one that was biting at his neck―― the subsequent instant, the blood spouting from the mouth of his wounds writhed out, taking the form of blades, slashing the Witchbeasts incapable of escaping, julienning them to skewers, and creating a choir of death wails.

Roy: [There we go~.]

Awakening his body lento, Roy stood up, unveiling his body in an ostentatious debut.

Bite wounds from the demon dogs engraved throughout his body, the blood gushing from them turned to blades with a gleaming sheen, suspending the pack of black dogs as if they were fruit growing on the branch of a fruit tree, and reduced them to carcasses.

A co-starring of dreams between the curse ballad of the Blightlove Troubadour, Notah, who travelled and chanted anti-nationalist songs across landscapes, and the magician who had been unable to manipulate anything save for his own sanguine ichor, the Bloodweeping Oni, Advan. Furthermore, he materialized the magic technique of the Lord of Phantasmal Rainbows, Matclyma Jordan, who had plotted to overthrow the Holy Kingdom by utilizing the residual Mana from the remains of perished Witchbeasts; with the carcasses serving as their chrysalis, butterflies hued in a spectrum of rainbow emerged and started to flutter about as they danced in Roy’s perimeter.

The butterflies, eclosing as many as the number of corpses, flitted, fluttered, and flittered――,

Roy: [Ta~dah.]

――Snow Vallum × Blightlove Troubadour × Bloodweeping Oni × Lord of Phantasmal Rainbows.

Raising an innumerable count of prismatic butterflies to serve him, Roy pigmented the stage of spotlight, laden with token commendation towards Ram and the others who had attended to him with truly, truly sweet and luscious hospitality.

However, Ram and Meili rigidified their gazes and bearings, laying bare their animosity.

Roy: [Now now, that was amazing~. That perfectly synced-up coordination just now! It’s tantalizing~. When did the two of you become such close pals? Indeed, you must’ve gotten closer in the time of the journey through the Sand Sea that we don’t know of, correct~? Both Ram-san and Meili-san, how mean and sneaky of you~.]

Ram: [Kindly stop trying to calmly initiate a conversation with that bloodstained form that is painful to even look at. Exchanging words with a deviant has Ram’s small songbird heart close to bursting with anxiety.]

Roy: [A songbird’s heart-! A~h, to proclaim it yourself actually makes it pretty respectable, you know~. What kind of preliminary preparation of ingredients will fan the flames next, the excitement doesn’t stop~.]

Clapping his hands in applause, Roy swiftly retracted the sanguine blades into his body. Whilst the carcasses of Witchbeasts fell to thuds, Roy coagulated the blood of his bite wounds, rapidly ceasing his bleeding as he exhaled a breath, entranced.

His sentiments of sincerity seemed to not have been transmitted, but his emotion of commendation was genuine. Feelings unrequited were painful. But, Ram and the others had kindly labored to an extent much greater than Roy had anticipated, so he wished to cherish that mark.

Roy: [Now, setting that aside.]

Setting aside his affection towards Ram and the others, Roy conjectured the truth behind the inexplicable phenomenon that had transpired in the midst of the several dozen seconds of offensive and defensive combat earlier―― that it was intimately associated with the disappeared Divine Dragon.

It had been truly, truly astonishing. The Divine Dragon, with that ginormous build, had become nowhere to be seen on the battlefield in all but an unnoticeable interval.

Roy: [Probably, it’s the same trick behind the disappearance of helmet uncle and the shinobi onee-san, as well as Ram-san and gang showing up… huh, seems like it’s Clind-san, but it’s very much like an Authority, isn’t i~t.]

The vanished Aldebaran, Yae, and the Divine Dragon. Moreover, the increasing count of adversaries, and Ram’s presence oscillating between appearing and vanishing as well, all of it together aligned with the special ability belonging to Clind within the Memories.

However, concording to Roy’s own knowledge, relying not on Memories, it was a possibility that what made that all possible was neither the odd talents of an individual nor a Divine Protection of disparate nature, but an Authority.

Though, in that case, Clind would end up being the individual corresponding to the sole vacant seat that was Pride.

Roy: [Well~, guess the people who’ve disappeared don’t matter right now~.]

Not only the Divine Dragon, but the figures of Clind and Roswaal were absent from the battlefield as well.

The bounds of Clind’s strength were uncertain, but if he were a possessor of an Authority, then at minimum, he would likely count as combat power. The tag team of Roswaal and Clind engaged in a large-scale battle against the Divine Dragon―― to ensure that its destruction did not extend to their environs, they had changed their battlefield. That was likely the context of what had occurred in the background.

Anyhow, if he had disappeared from the battlefield, then that ploy of appearing and vanishing would have no more chances to be used.

Thus, what he must prioritise were not the cruel ones who had vanished, but surfeiting the hospitality of those who stood ready before his eyes.

Roy: [How nice, how nice, humans are how nice~.]

The trick behind averting Eclipsing, as well as the arrangement of Witchbeasts with no name to be eaten, or perhaps even the entirety of every element that concocted this battlefield, was an agglomeration of artifices designed to entrap and kill Roy and the others.

The prior groundwork for confrontation, it could be designated the preliminary preparation of ingredients, the very spirit of hospitality. Exhausting oneself of all strength to make welcome. ――For that meant, effort what shattered heart.

Roy: [If so, then this side must also respond by offering up a suitable dress code ~, or it’d be a discourtesy to that consideration bri~mming with love, after all~.]

Ram: [――. What do you intend?]

Taking acute notice of the change in the warmly-received Roy, Ram grimaced her finely-shaped brows. The beautiful maid laid bare her vigilance, but Roy pronounced “No no~”, and shook his head side to side.

All-out war―― yes, this was a battle befitting of being benamed so, truly the final conclusion.

The Royal Selection Combined Forces, the enemy camp whom Natsuki Subaru would have labeled something like the “Aldebusters” had he been here, had prepared all arrangements for hospitality; all of its members wrung out their wisdom and latent strength in order to demonstrate their true worth, brandishing eyes resolved to labor to death till the very end.

That went for not just Ram and the others, but all who had been deployed into being war potential without stint, so to Roy Alphard, everyone earned a perfect hundred score, amounting to the very apex of those to whom he wished to grant gold stars.

The singular blemish unworthy of a gold star, was not amid his opponents. ――It laid on his side.

Roy: [――――]

Glancing in his vicinity, present there was a red-haired man left behind on the same battlefield as Roy, cowering in an unsightly squat as blood dripped down his nose―― the form of Heinkel.

Though shameful coming from the vantage of Gluttony, Roy’s evaluation of Heinkel was surprisingly not bad.

Noosed with getting caught in his own traps, and a way of life saddled with somber anguishes seemingly never to be divulged, it seemed to have an impure bitterness only it could yield, hence he induced interest in it as a delicacy.

However, that too, operated on the major premise that it would not intrude upon the main dish with its aroma or appearance, so presently Heinkel had nothing going for him even where Gluttony was concerned.

Roy: [No matter how concentrated in extravagance a dinner banquet is, if a platter atop with uncooked flavors gets mixed in, it’s just a waste~.]

A solitary individual, on a battlefield where everyone came together as one and clashed lives against lives, for there to be a singular element capable of putting it all to waste was unbearable, even for Bizarre Eating.

Thus――,

Roy: [You know~, uncle, you shouldn’t stay moping around forever, so how about you get energetic and lively~!]

Heinkel: [Wha… S-Sin Archbishop…!]

Roy howled suddenly, to which the nosebleeding Heinkel upraised his face. Meeting his eyes, witnessing the unnatural sway in those blue irises, made Roy go crazy.

A gaze that looked as if it was clinging to something. If he possessed even a fragment of camaraderie or desire to depend on Roy, to seek such a thing from a Sin Archbishop went beyond the limits of imprudent heedlessness. That boundless disgracefulness was, in a certain sense, something irreplaceable, but now it was nothing but purely, a hindrance.

Roy: [――Shall we just go ahead and free you from your~ burden, uncle~?]

He would not save him. Neither would he abandon him.

With simply a smile, Roy presented a third alternative to Heinkel.

Heinkel: [――――]

Heinkel dilated his eyes, frozen, yet even to him that proposition was transmitted with certainty.

The things expressed as “burden”, just how valuable they were to Heinkel, Roy was unbeknownst to the details. However, they were surely more valuable than his own life or death. The fact that Roy did possess a means to take them away, Heinkel knew from looking into his eyes.

What Roy stated was not a threat or anything such in the slightest, but an alternative possibility that could be realized.

Therefore――,

Roy: [Tha~t’s the spirit~.]

Roy’s chest palpitated in delight budding from his heart at the change in expression of the man gritting his teeth. In such a way to respond to Roy’s vivified emotions, the butterflies of rainbow-hue began a whirling dance akin to courting as they fluttered.

In the midst of prismatic scales glistening the skies, Roy let out his languid tongue and smiled. ――Now in its truest sense, the all-out war could commence.

Roy: [Want to be satisfied, yet don’t want to be satisfied. ――Life, is so flavorful, it’s astonishing~.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never put needle to thread.

△▼△▼△▼△

Heinkel: [ Goeghh… hk . ]

Strikes pincering his chest and back, Heinkel collapsed, unable to do a thing.

Carol and Grimm―― they were the servant couple that had long served the Astrea Family, and the kicks delivered by their twin granddaughters, who had received an initiation into the Flow Method, were lethal weapons that completely disregarded their youth.

Heinkel: [ Ouegh-, eughff-, blerghh- .]

Ever since the curtain had fallen on the war in the Vollachian Empire, he had hardly been able to eat a sufficient amount. As gastric juices were wrung from his empty stomach, Heinkel pathetically fell to his knees.

Twins: [――――]

As Flam and Grassis coldly looked down on Heinkel, his cheeks contorted in self-scorn.

Despite appearances, Heinkel was still the present head of the Astrea Family. Faced with Heinkel in such a state, the daughters of House Remendis were supposed to have pledged their loyalty to him; but oh, what an irreverent look they held in their eyes.

Flam: [Our fealty is devoted to the young master.]

Grassis: [Esteemed Family Head, you deeply stabbed the Honorable Predecessor.]

At the sharpness of the twins’ replies, Heinkel fell silent without uttering even a single bitter remark.

Each gave undeniably valid arguments, and provided far more than enough persuasive reasons for why the girls despised Heinkel, and regarded him with hostility. The former was something that had always tormented Heinkel, and the latter was an offense that had ended up causing him new suffering, applying pressure to his entire body like a stone weight.

Even so――,

Heinkel: [I can’t die…]

The voice dissipating through his molars, could be interpreted in two ways. ――The first, was that he could not afford to die, even when cornered to such an extent; and the second, was that even after being cornered to such an extent, he still was unable to die.

Even Heinkel himself was unsure of which way he had meant those words as they had escaped his lips.

Heinkel: [ Gh, ughhh- !]

As Heinkel stood upon such an unstable foundation, the twins showed him no mercy. No hesitation.

Circulating the Flow Method through their bodies, the arms and legs of the girls had become as strong as steel, and so receiving a flurry of their strikes, it was akin to being out under a downpour of a rain of iron.

Above and below, left and right, ahead and behind, met with the incessant onslaught of Flam and Grassis’s perfectly coordinated opposition, Heinkel protected his vital points with his sword, and could not do anything save for keeping up the defensive as he was showered with blows.

――The Flow Method, come to think of it, Heinkel had failed to properly master that too.

Even though he was given well-reasoned and thorough instruction on the many combat techniques that first-rate swordsmen and warriors were always subconsciously performing, Heinkel had been unable to perfect them for the purposes of actual battle.

Were Flam and Grassis really still just twelve years old? Even though he had spent more than twice their age in time, Heinkel’s Flow Method was nowhere near the level of those two girls.

If Heinkel resigned himself to it being a matter of natural talent, would the hundred things that anguished him perhaps decrease by one?

Heinkel: [Fucking, shit…!]

Swinging his sword in a show of force, the twins, coordinating through a mere exchange of gazes, swiftly evaded it. His imprecise swordsmanship accurately read, he was struck in all the weak points on his elbows, sides, and neck.

His bones creaked, and the mouth that had only coughed up gastric juices until now, now flowed with droplets of blood. As soon as he unintentionally looked downwards, the twins executed a somersault as if they had been waiting for him, their kicks launching right up into his mug.

Heinkel: [Gah――!]

Sent reeling, Heinkel toppled backwards, the back of his head slamming onto the ground. With his vision flickering, and a distant ringing in his ears, Heinkel forcibly restored his consciousness from its momentarily befuddled state, and hastening to rise to his feet, he readied his sword as he glared to the fore.

Before him, the twins stuck the landing of their somersault next to each other, gently brushing the hems of their clothes as they looked up. ――As their gazes crossed, Heinkel detected a faint hue of bewilderment from the pair.

Heinkel: [――――]

Likely, the cause of the sisters’ confusion was the fact that Heinkel was still standing.

In a matter of a dozen seconds, Heinkel had been thoroughly beaten up. His clothes were covered in mud, and his unkempt face was lavishly soiled by a dripping nosebleed.

However, Heinkel had not been defeated. Consciousness unceasing, his eyes remained open. Based on their reactions, this was unbelievable to Flam and Grassis.

Heinkel: [ Haah, haa … hk.]

But alas, the endurance that had astonished those twins, was of no pride to him whatsoever.

The tip of his sword shaking as it pointed at the twins, Heinkel’s bluff was obvious to the eyes of all. His defeat was already all but decided―― nay, it had not even amounted to a battle in the first place. Since it was not a battle, there was no such victor to be decided. They were not on the stage, of vying for victory.

Heinkel: [Even, so… hk.]

He could not afford to be defeated here. He had no choice but to endure.

Were he to be taken down here, then for what reason had he even come all this way? For what reason had he stabbed his father, Wilhelm van Astrea; he would lose sight of the answer.

But if he managed to pull through, then by the skin of his neck, there would still be a glimmer of hope. The light at the end of the tunnel would surely be visible.

Aldebaran, or the Divine Dragon, or even Yae. In the worst case scenario, even the Sin Archbishop would be fine. If someone would just wrench open the tide of this battle, then Heinkel’s hopes―― it happened then.

Roy: [You know~, uncle, you shouldn’t stay moping around forever, so how about you get energetic and lively~!]

Suddenly, a voice seemed to rend the battlefield, causing Heinkel to raise his face in surprise.

He consciously realized it for the first time. The large figure of the Divine Dragon was nowhere to be found on the battlefield. On the battlefield where not only Aldebaran and Yae had disappeared, but the Divine Dragon too, the only ones remaining here were Heinkel, and,

Heinkel: [Wha… S-Sin Archbishop…!]

Also confronting an enemy of his own, the only other one left here was Roy Alphard.

Wondering when the situation had become like this, Heinkel felt disappointment in his profound inability to heed his surroundings, and attempted to surmise the intentions of Roy, who had called out to him.

Something like cooperating with a Sin Archbishop, honestly, even he thought it to be deranged. But, it seemed like in the Vollachian Empire, Natsuki Subaru, the Knight of Emilia, had seized control over Gluttony. Thinking about it like that, he forcibly swallowed his intense feelings of reluctance.

They had already gone out of their way to free him from the Prison Tower. Even a Sin Archbishop would surely not want to die. Even if they were despicable, if their objectives aligned, then there would be room for them to join hands――,

Roy: [――Shall we just go ahead and free you from your~ burden, uncle~?]

However, the words that followed were ones that directly betrayed Heinkel’s hopes.

Heinkel: [――――]

Neither was it a proposal of, nor was it a request for, aid. Merely a terribly inappropriate, selfish remark.

Just what the hell was he thinking? Did he understand the current situation? Neither Aldebaran, with his incomprehensible power to wrest open a path forward, nor the Divine Dragon, with its status as the strongest lifeform, nor Yae, with her expertise in intricate techniques and harassment, none of them were present. Even though the only ones present here were the weak, fragile, powerless Heinkel, and the great sinner of a nature most defiled, Roy, what could possibly be accomplished by making a rift between them? ――No, it was not that a rift had been made. There had always been a rift. An unfillable gulf, an unsurmountable precipice, an absolute, isolating pit; he had only now just clearly understood that such things did indeed exist. And knowing that, what would come of it? What would come of the things this guy was saying? Having understood the significance of what this guy was saying, what would he do? ――Freeing Heinkel from his burden? This burden, that was already so firmly infused into Heinkel’s soul?

――Such a thing would never be allowed of him, and he would never allow it.

Roy: [Tha~t’s the spirit~.]

That voice of delight stemming from the depths of Roy’s heart, reached not the ears of Heinkel.

Confronting Heinkel as he rose, swaying side to side like a revenant, Flam and Grassis tensed their cheeks, and exchanging wordless glances, they nodded to each other.

And then――,

Flam: [Esteemed Family Head, prepare yourself.]

Grassis: [I will hit you with everything that I have.]

Perhaps seeing it as their perfunctory strikes having backfired, it was evident that the twins’ resolve was being sharpened.

In accordance with their declaration, a blow utilizing all of their bodies’ might was likely imminent. And after he conjectured so, Flam and Grassis kicked off the ground, speeding directly towards Heinkel. ――No, not directly.

Flam & Grassis: [Ryahh!!]

Voice and movements overlapping, the twins dug into the ground with their legs, and kicked it up in front of him. Shrouding his entire field of vision, the excavated earth made its approach.

With a swing of his sword, Heinkel cleaved it in twain. Neither was it a person, nor a life. If it was merely an object, Heinkel would not think twice about cutting it down.

However, beyond the bisected earth, the sight cleaved open was bereft of the figures of Flam and Grassis.

Instead, the twins pincered Heinkel from left and right, and with the greatest amount of acceleration thus far, mercilessly thrust into both Heinkel’s flanks.

Heinkel: [――Goh.]

Without exaggeration, there had been enough might to bury the fists of the twins up to the wrists into Heinkel.

Shattering Heinkel’s ribs, the blows landed a direct strike on the organs contained within. As copious amounts of blood spurted from his mouth with tremendous force, Heinkel was on the verge of fainting.

But, faint he did not. He held his ground. He held his ground, and not only that―― gritting his teeth and swivelling his body, he seized the arms of the sisters that had thrust into him.

Flam: [――Ah.]

Grassis: [This is bad.]

At the pain of their wrists being tightly squeezed, Flam and Grassis grimaced.

Then, the two of them used their arms opposite the ones that Heinkel had seized, as well their free legs, to barrage Heinkel with attacks, striking him like a tempest of steel, but Heinkel did not release their arms.

It was not something he had desired. Even so, the one and only thing in which Heinkel assuredly surpassed most other people was this towering sturdiness, and the best way to make use of it, was probably this.

Even while being showered in blows, he grabbed his opponents. ――As a disgrace to swordsmen, it was an unrefined, uncouth counterattack, one most fitting for Heinkel Astrea.

Heinkel: [――AAHHHHHH!!]

Sullied by a nosebleed, his face was swollen from all of the beating it had endured; Heinkel swung both his arms overhead, and vigorously moved to pummel the twins in his grasp down into the ground.

That instant, Heinkel forgot the fact that his opponents were children, that they were people who served his family, and that they were the granddaughters of Carol and Grimm, whom he had known ever since his own birth. ――No, it was not that he had forgotten; he had merely shut his eyes to it, and so staking it all, he slammed the two of them down to the ground――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never sing.

△▼△▼△▼△

With corpses as chrysalides, their metamorphosis fueled by life’s last embers, butterflies of rainbow eclosed―― the spell devised by the Lord of Phantasmal Rainbows, was by no means something that constructed new life.

These butterflies had merely been shaped in such a form, and contrary to being a construction of life, their essence was that of death made manifest.

Roy: [This was also Nii-sama’s trump card, wasn’t it~? Magic of rainbow spectra.]

Amidst the devoured Memories, a throbbing sensation arose as he delightfully recollected a sword clad in a rainbow aurora―― fundamentally, the special technique deployed by the Finest of Knights was of the same ilk as the rainbow butterflies.

That which the Finest made manifest through his talents and the powers of his contracted Spirits, the Lord of Phantasmal Rainbows conjured in exchange for the dried up dregs of life, such was the entirety of the matter.

Roy: [But its might stands unchanged, you see~.]

Butterflies of death that would entirely obliterate anything they made contact with; Roy’s smile giving the cue, around twenty of them surged towards Ram and Meili in unison.

Faced with the oncoming threat, Ram and Meili instantly moved in perfect sync.

Meili: [Ram-oneesan!]

Ram: [That is not how you are to address me.]

Meili: [I go~t it, Madam!]

Following a moderately serious exchange, Meili, sat astride the Guiltilaw, advanced. Then, patting the back of the jet-black Witchbeast, she prompted it to wield its mighty arms, forcing nearby trees to come crashing down.

As destructive roars sounded from the falling trees, Ram dashed to their now-vacant position and crouched, her wand extended straight ahead――,

Ram: [El Fula.]

The surging gale savagely blew the severed trees, hurling them crashing into the kaleidoscope. Striking true, they smashed through the butterflies scattering scales of death, triggering an aurora of prismatic explosions that lit up the sky.

Roy: [Kuu~~ hk!]

The optimum solution, cognizing it as such, Roy repeatedly stomped his feet, unable to bear his shuddering.

The rainbow-hued butterflies riddled with devastating might capable of unraveling the very structure of almost anything could have been designated as Fire Magic Stones that would spell the end upon a single touch. In exchange for their extensive destructive power, they were limited to just one shot before being used up―― detonating and dismantling them through application of obstacles was the strategy guaranteeing the utmost safety.

Yet, for them to counter it whilst witnessing it for the very first time left Roy astonished.

Roy: [Ho~we~ve~r!!]

For the butterflies to have been exterminated in such a manner would have only left the Lord of Phantasmal Rainbows sobbing in his grave.

The butterflies he had sent into a direct charge vanished in a rainbow-hued explosion, but detouring around the dazzling explosion, the surviving five butterflies swiveled wide and aimed for Ram and the others.

What was more was that it was not just the butterflies this time, but Roy as well used the power of the Leaper to charge in their direction. Thereupon, with the burly arms of the Snow Vallum, he aimed to pound the Guiltilaw to death first.

――Lord of Phantasmal Rainbows × Leaper × Snow Vallum.

An inescapable three-pronged assault mercilessly detonated upon Ram’s group; a flashing aurora smokescreen blocking their front, the surviving rainbow butterflies flanking both sides, and Roy warping into position at their rear―― that instant, the sound of a crying child slashed Roy’s eardrums.

???: [――――GAGYAGYA-GAGYAAAH.]

The piercing shrill unbecoming of a battlefield momentarily pilfered Roy of his thoughts, and before his eyes, baying the cries of an infant was a blasphemously molded Witchbeast that ought to have been deigned a failed creation of god―― it brandished two spears ablaze forged of bone, incinerating the encircling rainbow-hued butterflies in one fiery sweep altogether.

An explosion of aurora blossomed yet again, and with hair waving due to the shockwave, Roy laid eyes upon the grotesque being who had advented before him, the Hungry Horse King, only supposed to be present in the below-ground of the sand sea.

Meili: [It was a lot of trouble, bringing it alo~ng.]

Cranium constructed with an enormous horn, and a torso akin to a human trunk accoutred with a gigantic mouth, holding them up was an inordinately large build of a horse, far too distorted and repellent to be called a chimera of human and horse. ――This Hungry Horse King had now become Meili’s mount, having exchanged places with the Guiltilaw.

Roy: [――――]

Roy’s thoughts fragmented into disarray at that reality, and a great conference of Memories foraged for an answer.

Raised as the agendas were: the truth behind the happening before his eyes, a precise counter to the imminent crisis at hand, and an apposite reaction to the astonishing reality, such was jumbled together by the pressing urgency of the situation.

Right before he selected the agenda to utmost prioritize――,

???: [――What, looking dumb as a pig, you.]

The proprietor of the voice who had appeared right behind him, his giant knuckles punched right through Roy’s petite frame.

Roy: [――Hk-.]

His back pounded, Roy’s body was shot into flight above the heads of the Hungry Horse King and Meili. Outdistancing even the erupting aurora, Roy skidded across the ground, halted his momentum with one hand piercing the ground, and stuck the landing whilst twisting his body, his acrobatic movements to reposition himself forcing the enemy to abandon pursuit.

In his field of view, Roy captured Meili, astraddle the Hungry Horse King, a giant pigman garbed in a black suit who had appeared beside them, and finally, Ram, who was now positioned in a definitively separate locus from before. ――The arrival of a new enemy, and the tactic of inexplicably instantaneous positional substitution; these were resurfacing a possibility which was supposed to have been relinquished.

Roy: [Noo~, that wasn’t it.]

It had, unwisely, slipped past him due to extraneous preconceptions influenced by the Memories he possessed.

That since this instantaneous substitution had to have been brought forth by an Authority, it would have been a power belonging to Clind. Thus he had reckoned he need not keep an eye out for it on the battlefield after Clind had disappeared alongside the Divine Dragon.

However――,

???: [――If you’re also a father, then don’t go laying your hands on kids!!]

Audible there was a thick, anger-blazed voice, and sounds of the vehement impact that followed―― at the edge of his vision, he could see Heinkel, grasping the twin girls with both his arms, basking in a fist square to the face.

Delivering that fervent blow was a large man, present within the Memories belonging to Roy―― as expected, it was someone who was not supposed to have been here the moment the battle broke out, Gaston.

Heinkel: [――――]

Walloped right in the face, Heinkel toppled over backwards, allowing the twins to just barely escape peril.

Whether Roy’s provocation had proved effective or not, Heinkel appeared to have been on the verge of success, but his counterattack was abruptly crushed at its inception.

However, Roy would not laugh at Heinkel. After all, he had also been thwarted by the same opponent, with the same technique.

And, as for the identity of that opponent, it had not been Clind.

Roy: [Ehh~? Could it be~? Such a thing is possible~?]

Unable to conceive of any other possibility, even Roy found himself doubting that exceedingly unexpected reality.

Carried within that voice was nothing but genuine astonishment, bereft of any and all denial or disdain for that fact. Bereft though it was, even supposing that was the truth, it was preposterously unexpected.

From across every Memory that contained her presence, only one conclusion could be drawn: “No way.”

It was not Clind. In both Roy’s clash against Ram and Meili, and the battle where Heinkel was being pummeled by the twins, someone had intervened with perfect timing.

Whilst overlooking this all-out war, they had continuously employed an Authority to reconstruct the situation.

That was――,

Roy: [――Petra-chan, since when did you become a Sin Archbishop?]

???: [Now that’s just extremely slanderous. If you’re going to call me something disreputable, then call me this.]

With those words, having dominated the battlefield through an Authority, the playmaker harboring a Witch Factor―― Petra Leyte placed her hand over her chest, and stuck her tongue out with a “behhhh”.

Then, she declared――,

Petra: [――The Witch of Tristitia, Petra Leyte.]

--- Chapter 43: True Name ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never play with children.

△▼△▼△▼△

Petra: [For instance, if someone else were to use the Witch Factor held by Clind-niisama… if I were to use it, could I use Teleport as much as I wanted even without paying the compensation?]

When she had first been informed by Clind about the existence of the Witch Factor of Tristitia, and its Authority of Compression, the first thing that had popped into Petra’s mind was that method of abusing it.

Clind was not compatible with the Witch Factor, and as a result, compensation―― payment was required to exercise the Authority of Compression, so he had told her. At the same time, the Witch Factor of Tristitia was a one-off Factor created to be used by a specific person, so by no means would Petra have been compatible, either.

Hence, the special tag team consisting of the Warlock who possessed the Authority that was Return by Death, Natsuki Subaru, and the Witch who supported him, Petra Leyte, was disbanded before it was even formed; while that was a relief, it was also true that she had felt regretful about it.

Hence, the matter of the Witch Factor of Tristitia was placed outside the topic of agenda, with them having decided on utilizing Clind’s Compression to reconvene with their allies and to plunge into the final battle against the enemy, but―― with Al’s Authority of “Turning Back Time” having come to light, the spotlight had once again been placed on the Authority of Tristitia while they were working out a plan to decisively stop the Al Troupe.

Clind had informed Petra and the others that, due to incompatibility with the Witch Factor, it was impossible to exercise his Authority without compensation. However, the meaning hidden behind that was――,

Petra: [――As long as the compensation is paid, then even people who aren’t Clind-niisama can use Compression, right?]

At Petra’s verification, Clind’s expression did not shift.

However, that only served to convince Petra of the validity of her own conjecture. If he had truly wanted to hide it, Clind ought to have acted more surprised, saying “I had never even thought of that”.

Petra: [In order to do something about Al-san and his group, it’s absolutely essential that we split them all apart. Outside of Al-san himself, the most troublesome opponent would be the Divine Dragon-sama, but… Clind-niisama will do something about that, right?]

Roswaal: [On that point, I can also provide assurance. Clind is a key person to serve as a trump card against the Divine Dragon Volcanica, indeeed~. Did I use that right?]

Petra: [――. Yes, that’s correct.]

During the strategy meeting, the one who had boasted of being able to subdue the Divine Dragon was Clind.

Honestly, including the matter of the Witch Factor of Tristitia, it made her exasperated to think about how many secrets he was hiding along with Roswaal, but there was nothing better than his reliability. However, just because Clind was reliable did not mean she could take advantage of him for everything.

Petra: [But, if Clind-niisama is going to be busy dealing with the Divine Dragon-sama, he won’t be able to take people in and out with Compression, correct?]

Clind: [I do not deny it. Affirmation. Of course, exhausting all of the power in my possession, I will deliver all personnel to the battle front without fail, but…]

Petra: [No. If you do it like that, I think Compression will lose its strengths. The best point about Compression is that, like a teleport , it can take our fighting strength in and out and switch things around.]

There was likely no falsehood in the words Clind had sworn with a quiet expression, however in them a certain heat did dwell.

Their greatest fighting strength would securely be sent to the enemy lines. That alone was already an extraordinary feat. But, this was also a battle such that, if they could afford to hope for more, then they ought to hope for as much as they could.

Rom: [‘N so, we shift ta the matter of transferrin’ the Authority. Tho’, before we start ta consider it, I’d like ta verify if that plan’s actually even possible.]

Clind: [――. About that. Hesitation.]

Petra: [Clind-niisama, please lay all the ingredients out on the table.]

Clind: [――――]

Petra: [I think that right now is the time to discuss what cards everyone has in their hand, and the extent to which we might be able to use them. So, don’t hide anything.]

As Clind hesitated to speak out, Petra plainly requested him to.

She understood his reasons for being uneager to share, his reasons for worrying over keeping the information hidden. She understood, but this discussion was a meeting dedicated to saving the Kingdom, saving the world―― saving Natsuki Subaru and Beatrice.

It was rather charming how Meili had been glaring at Petra as she had told him to not hide anything.

Clind: […If you wish to know whether it is possible or impossible, then it would be possible. Approval. The Witch Factor of Tristitia fails to be compatible with myself, and it is merely within my possession. Responsibility.]

Ram: [In that case, it is simply a matter of shifting ownership? Hah! That should be quite easy to handle then. It would be a disaster if Clind were to leave it behind.]

Rem: [This also goes for if it were to be left behind, but it would also be quite scary if it were to be stolen or confiscated by someone else… In that sense, it’s understandable that Clind was the one holding on to it.]

Unexpectedly, the Witch Factor of Tristitia seemed to have been managed in a precarious state.

The notion that it was understandable that Clind had been the one entrusted with its management, with that Petra agreed. Clind, who always handled everything in a brisk and tactful manner, would have made for an ideal custodian.

However――,

Petra: [It might be better to give up that duty to someone else this time.]

Emilia: [Someone else… but, Witch Factors are reaaally dangerous. It’s something I saw before at the Sanctuary. They aren’t things you can handle safely at all.]

Petra: […There is definitely a risk . But, if it’s used well…]

Meili: [――Hk, Petra-chan, I’m against it, you kno~w.]

At the sharpened voice opposing her with the most emotion, Petra lowered the ends of her eyebrows.

Petra knew that Meili had constantly been worrying about her; it made her happy. After all, when Petra had just met Meili, she was always attempting to get the latter to like her. She had thought that affection would be the best weapon to dull any murderous impulses. And, she had hit the nail on the head.

Petra: [Though, it might have been a bit too effective.]

“Subaru”: [I’ll say this now, but I’m of the same opinion as Meili. You haven’t told me what it was, but you’ve already paid Clind-san with something, Petra. You can’t compromise anything further than this.]

The voice of a phantom inaudible to anyone else, it instilled Petra with the feeling that she was truly being held dear.

Let it be declared. Imaginary Subaru might have been a convenient delusion of Petra’s, but the quality of the recreation should have been high enough such that, beyond any doubt, if it had been the real Subaru, he would have said the same thing.

Petra: [I’m glad that neither Frederica-neesama nor Beatrice-chan are here.]

Even just Meili had caused Petra’s heart to waver a fair amount.

If Frederica and Beatrice had supplemented that with a one-two punch, Petra might have been knocked out. What about if Garfiel and Otto had been here? Garfiel would have likely shouted angrily, but she felt like Otto would have understood.

After all, Otto was the one currently overexerting himself by far the most out of the Camp, so Petra did not think he would have had any right to complain to her.

Harboring the self-awareness that she truly was such a blessed and beloved girl, Petra spoke――,

Petra: [――Let’s divide up the roles properly. That way, everyone can do their job to the best of their abilities.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never visit that nostalgic place.

△▼△▼△▼△

Tightly ascertaining the sensation of the rectangular box stored in her breast pocket, Petra focused her attention on the Witch Factor of Tristitia, which she had successfully received by manipulating her words, cajoling the people around her.

Petra: [――I have, to concentrate.]

By putting that to words, Petra firmly cautioned herself so as to preserve her own sanity. ――In honesty, until today, Petra had thought of herself as someone possessing a tenacious mental fortitude.

She had not lost her mind even after reading a Book of the Dead, and even if her beloved was not swayed by her in the slightest, she had never once thought about giving up on getting him to turn to face her. She was aware that she had been through many difficulties and gambles for someone of her age.

And despite all that, the destructive sense of omnipotence brought on by the Witch Factor made Petra’s head spin.

Petra: [No, that’s no good, for me… Subaru, cheer me on!]

“Subaru”: [Petra, do your best! Don’t lose! If you lose after staking everything on a gamble I told you not to do, you know what that’ll mean! I’ll end up hating you!]

Petra: [In that case, I definitely won’t lose…]

Cheered on by her beloved within her mind, it felt like a bit of a last resort to revitalize her state of mind, but it did happen to be actually effective, showing how magnificent the power of love could be.

A Witch Factor, just what could such a thing do in the face of love?

The struggle against a Witch Factor was ultimately just a mental problem, so it was only natural that the power of love would serve as a wonder drug. ――The efficacy of that remedy, which had made it impossible for Petra to remain as a mere village girl, was something she understood better than anybody else.

Therefore――,

Rom: [――Noble ta Fire Eight! Then hit ‘em with a Soldier ta Flowers Three!]

At the firm voice striking her eardrums with vigor, Petra opened her eyes wide, and grit her teeth.

With the activation of Compression, Petra deployed those designated personnel to those designated positions on the battlefield that had been divided up into an eight × eight grid within her mind―― the same configuration as a Shatranj board.

Sure enough, two individuals aligning with the Felt Camp had been delivered to the battlefield in the blink of an eye―― one of Felt’s followers, Gaston, and a fierce-looking pigman known as the King Pig, Doltero; swinging their mighty arms, they wallopped Heinkel and Gluttony respectively, each of whom had been attempting to launch their own offensives, and sent them flying.

???: [Ehh~? Could it be~? Such a thing is possible~?]

Having sidestepped the punch with acrobatic maneuvers, Roy raised his irksome visage, and tearing his gaze off of Ram, whom he had been fixated on until then, he looked at Petra.

At Petra, who, maintaining a distance from the duos of Ram and Meili, Flam and Grassis, who were all engaged in direct combat, was positioned so as to grasp the entirety of the battlefield, sat atop the shoulders of Rom-jii.

Roy: [――Petra-chan, since when did you become a Sin Archbishop?]

Perhaps as ought to have been expected from a Sin Archbishop, he perceived the whereabouts of the Witch Factor―― nay, were that the case, then he would have noticed their trick much sooner. Likely, it was the result of having correctly fathomed that Compression was the work of an Authority, and thinking about who was in the position to use it the most pertinently. Nothing impressive at all for a Sin Archbishop.

Petra: [Now that’s just extremely slanderous. If you’re going to call me something disreputable, then call me this.]

Without revealing her caution towards that insight of Roy’s, Petra placed a hand over her chest, and while ascertaining the sensation of the small black box she had received from Clind, she stuck out her tongue with a “behhhh”, declaring thus.

Petra: [――The Witch of Tristitia, Petra Leyte.]

In most cases, introducing oneself with such a title would have been received with no warm welcomes.

While calling oneself by that was already bad enough, being called that by somebody else was absolutely out of the question. Regardless of whether one was steeled in their resolve or not, that was a title akin to a curse, that of being abhorred by every person throughout the world.

However, Petra had boldly declared herself as such, as if it was something to take pride in.

After all, the master whom Petra served was the Witch of Glaciation, and her beloved was a kind, admirable Knight whose heart was smitten with that Witch.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never hold beautiful flowers.

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never partake of my favorite food.

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never return to my hometown.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Witch of Tristitia, Petra Leyte.

Upon Petra declaring herself so, Roy Alphard felt a sense of apotheosis. ――Owing to the surprise that she was capable of going so far, and the delight that she had indeed gone that far.

To take in a Witch Factor, and by one’s own volition become a possessor of an Authority―― a being who would be called the likes of Witch or Warlock or even Sin Archbishop, was an act seeming utterly devoid of sanity. The point upon which they had passed such an aberrant decision, was when their scrupulousness to spare no measure―― that was to say, their love and affection that was the very spirit of hospitality, was something Roy felt potently, profoundly, vastly, and warmly.

Roy: [The- greatest…! So glad you turned up~!]

Spreading his arms wide, Roy stifled his ecstacy and proffered his gratitude to their hospitality and rendezvous.

Seeing that she named herself the Witch of Tristitia, Roy’s inference that the opponent’s Authority was derived from Pride had been off the mark. However, Roy had once been told by a monster who entitled itself his mother that the Witch Factor of Tristitia was a special, defective article with which nobody would prove to be compatible. The Witch Factor of Tristitia was one of the things that his mother had desired, so upon hearing of its hideaway, his mother would certainly be delighted.

Naturally, he did not feel like giving up even a single bite of such a special feast to his mother.

Roy: [It’s a cute, selfish request of her hungry child after all, so she’ll surely overlook it, won’t she~.]

This was a matter of his mother, the personification of the desire for acknowledgement, who loved nothing more than to be revered.

Roy could imagine how he would trigger her temper upon her learning that he had given priority to himself over his mother.

Once, Roy used to find this egotistic selfishness of his mother’s to be unhelpably bothersome, but his current sentiment was slightly different from before. ――The sentiment that even such egotistic selfishness and conceitedly diseased self-love, were irreplaceable attributes to be cherished.

Rom: [Queen ta Earth Six! Hunter ta Yang Six! Noble ta Yin Five!]

Concording to the aged Giant’s instruction, a dim glow sojourned in Petra’s eyes.

It was not as though they were actually shining. As a consequence of her devoting her consciousness to utilizing an Authority that was impossible to get accustomed to using, the moments in which she was exerting herself could be pinpointed. Normally, it was a trivial habit not worth paying attention to, but in the midst of battle where an instant’s difference demarcated the line between victory or defeat, even that became information coupled to life or death.

From Roy’s field of vision, the forms of Ram and the pigman, and Meili astraddle atop the Hungry Horse King disappeared. ――And concurrent to their disappearance, they appeared as though surrounding Roy from three directions and waged their offensive.

The timing of which, he could quite clearly grasp due to the glow in Petra’s eyes.

Roy: [Yes yes, excuse us for a bit-.]

On the brink of their offensive making contact, Roy joined his hands before his chest. ――When, in that instant, the ground rose as though sand dunes were swelling from force applied from left and right, cutting off Ram and the pigman’s line of sight from Roy. Entrusting the two to that, Roy focused his concentration on the utmost loud and annoying crying voice of an infant.

The field of vision from the back of his head that came to him even without needing to turn, therein were the bone spears of the Hungry Horse King that Meili was riding on―― and alongside that, launched in tandem, the Guiltilaw’s monstrously proficient arm swung.

Bending his body a great deal back, Roy accreted dodge after dodge after dodge, then licked his lips.

The Compactor, Figdour, was a hitman who had specialized in burying alive, wielding a strange ability to squash everything from both ends of his field of vision into its middle; and the Priestess of a Thousand Visages, Iyerna, was the proprietor of an expansive heart and outlook, all three hundred and sixty degrees top to bottom and left to right, never to miss bearing witness to the tears of the lamenting, grieving weak. ――However, the ability of the Queen of Witchbeasts, Meili, did not fall short of them either.

Hungry Horse King: [――GAGYAGYA-GAGYAAAH.] Guiltilaw: [――AROOOOOO.]

The pack of Ulgarm, the Hungry Horse King of the sand sea, and the Guiltilaw renowned as the Jet-Black King of the Forest; Meili’s ability of sallying forth Witchbeasts in succession granted Roy nary a breather for emotional impression. Meili’s stratagem of manipulating Witchbeasts with unbroken horns was something he had been prepared for through his Memories, but since he had been deferred from experiencing its true worth at the Pleiades Watchtower, it was a great excitement to witness it in all of its glory.

Roy: [Having been born possessing such a Divine Protection, your life mu~st have been full of ups and downs, hasn’t it? The way of life have you walked till now, teach us~, Meili!]

Meili: […Teach us what way of life have you walked, that was something Subaru-oniisan and Emilia-oneechan said to me once before, to~o.]

Roy: [Really? And then and then?]

The bone spears of the Hungry Horse King and the honed claws of the Guiltilaw; nimbly and agilely evading them, Roy slurped on his drool, while Meili, glaring at him, with her face harboring animosity and repugnance, pulled her eyelid downward and stuck out her tongue,

Meili: [The same as what you said about love being whatever befo~re, but in the end, what matters even more than what you say, is who says i~t!]

At the truth which left him with no place to grapple, Roy could only muster a “Taha~!” with no words to give in retort.

At Roy’s rear, the pigman smashed through the ground wall barrier, and from overhead Ram dropped, disappearing and appearing yet again. Front, rear, and above, enclosed from three dimensions, Roy distorted the space between the length of both of his legs, invoking the magical technique of the Magia Manus Magister, Yardray, who had been submerged in the shadows of history and finally eaten―― spears of flame, ice, and earth were brought forth by magic, and immediately locked on to their targets.

Their aims were Meili, the pigman, and Ram―― but, she was not there.

Ram: [To lose sight of Ram again and again. Why don’t you just throw those away? That set of eyes.]

――There she was. At a distance close enough for a hug, Ram’s slender frame came into sight.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never shed a tear in the company of others.

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never wipe the tears of another.

△▼△▼△▼△

Roy: [Witch of Tristitiaaa-…!]

――The Compactor × Priestess of a Thousand Visages × Magia Manus Magister.

Surpassing even the combined power of these new suprarational individuals, the trio closed in from all multifarious directions, and knowing the identity of the one who had orchestrated this, Roy’s throat roared the name out.

What had made his throat quake was not rage. It was delight. Throbbing lively, his heart’s thrumming pulsations would not cease.

Entrusting himself to those thrumming pulsations, Roy re-aimed the spears of three attributes from their initial targets, bringing them crashing into one another; by way of the blast and vapor generated, Ram and the others would inevitably be forced to reposition――,

Roy: [――Wha…]

Ram: [Did you think we would Teleport to avoid sustaining injuries?]

With his line of sight obscured, the scorching vapor, which ought to have coerced a Teleport via the Authority of Tristitia, was rent asunder through pure strength, and from the other side came flying the proprietor of pale crimson eyes.

Plunging head-first into the inescapable scalding heat, she had caught Roy off guard, the latter having erased the possibility that they might deliberately choose to sustain injury from his head. Forthwith, born was the option for Roy to take the initiative, employing the Teleport of the Leaper to forcibly reset things to square one. ――However,

Roy: [――THE- GREATEST-!]

The instant he recognized his opponent’s brilliance, Roy Alphard’s Bizarre Eating awakened.

With an outcry of jubilation screeching through his mind, Roy’s brain sparkled with branches of countless choices.

Flinging the doors open on the plentiful treasure house of Memories, he sought that which sparkled amidst the countless miscellaneous treasures tossed aside, the articles what had been lying dormant, impatiently awaiting the chance to raise their first cries and rise to the stage at last.

――At present, the foremost point of focus was the truth of the hospitality that had rendered Eclipsing a failure.

Roy: [――――]

Having reached his hand out towards his opponent in an attempt to eat their Memories, Roy’s Eclipsing towards Ram had failed.

But, she was unmistakably Ram. That was evident from the freshly devoured Memories; the originator of the Memories called her by the name Ram, and those in the environs beyond that also called her Ram, if anything, even her own first person pronoun was Ram; she was Ram through and through.

Regardless, he could not meet the requirements for invoking Eclipsing on the name Ram. In that case, the most probable reason behind the failure of Eclipsing was――,

Roy: [――An alteration, of the true name-.] [1]

Required for Eclipsing, were the provisions to plunder the target from the name registry of souls managed by Od Lagna. Hence, the target’s name would need to match exactly what Od Lagna had recorded it to be.

In most cases, it was the vow averred during the naming ritual at the time of one’s birth―― the moment those prayers arrived, the true name would be recorded in the vast empty mind benamed Od Lagna.

Primarily, once the true name was defined, it would not be altered, regardless of however an individual might opt to acknowledge themself. The alterations which Od Lagna did recognize, one of those few exceptions――,

Roy: [――Ram Mathers.]

Ram: [――Hk.]

Piercing through the vapor, as Ram attempted to have her blow connect, Roy forestalled by touching her.

The predominant reason for alterations of the true name were those brought about by Marriage. ――In addition, Ram had compelled Meili to refer to her as “Madam”. Even from just the Memories, there laid no room for doubt pertaining to whom Ram harbored affection.

Fostering conviction, Roy invoked Eclipsing upon the soul of Ram―― no, upon Ram Mathers; her pale crimson eyes dilated wide as he sought to devour her Memories, to understand her through and through, not sparing a single portion,

Roy: [Let’s ea―― blergh .]

In that instant, Roy split his eyes wide open at the sensation akin to muck being crammed into his open mouth.

That was the proof of Eclipsing’s failure, his entire body quaking with a vehement sense of rejection; Roy’s heart, supposed to have graciously received a treat, now tore apart from within, an absurd dubiety governing his mind.

Why, how, understanding, marriage, Ram, true name, doting to her younger sister, awful tastes, the Margrave, earnest, ill-natured, superiority, dependable, merely awful tastes, her nature also ill, marriage, passion――,

Ram: [――Did you peer into Otto’s Memories? Truly a fool.]

Roy: [Ah――?]

Ram: [Did you really think Ram would use this emergency as a pretext to position herself as Roswaal-sama’s spouse? ――If you truly knew Ram, that was a misunderstanding you would never have made.]

As Ram sneered, her lips twisting into a slim smile, Roy understood.

To have herself be called “Madam” was yet another misdirect, a ploy to draw him to a false conclusion exploiting the Memories of someone close―― in truth, Roy had dismissed the low-risk choice of using the Leaper’s technique, opting instead for the high-reward of reaching Ram’s soul with his tongue with the conviction that he would be able to eat her.

A decision he would have never made had he not eaten those Memories, had he not eaten Otto Suwen.

Ram: [For the most part, this is for Otto.]

Ram apprised him so; then, her wind-clad fist, the pigman’s rock-like knuckles, and to top it all off the fiery bone spears clad in blasting burn and the stout arms of a fiendish beast, all impaled Roy Alphard in perfect synchrony.

Translation Notes:

[1] – Used here, as well in as the title of the chapter, is the term 真名, literally meaning true name. However, there is some nuance with this term and how it is used in Japanese society. It is used to describe the written Kanji version of a person’s name, as opposed to rendering that name in hiragana or katakana. This concept is also enforced with the Book of the Dead belonging to Subaru, which displays his Kanji “true” name, 菜月・昴, as opposed to how his name is typically rendered through the story, as ナツキ・スバル. All this to say, this Japanese concept of a true, written name, is given a degree of importance in Re: Zero, what with how names are recorded in Od Lagna, and we may see more of this explored in the story to come.

--- Chapter 44: Collusion Beneath the Water’s Surface ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never speak of fond reminiscences.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――If you’re also a father, then don’t go laying your hands on kids!!]

Compared to the fist plowing straight into the opponent’s mug, those words must have been far more scathing. ――Laying eyes upon that sight, Rom-jii fathomed such a guess regarding the pain Heinkel had received.

With a counterattack strategy that fully relied on his ability to take hits, Heinkel endeavored to strike back against Flam and Grassis, but just before that could take form, he was superbly thwarted by Gaston―― or to be precise, by the intervention of the young girl who had inserted Gaston there via Compression.

Rom: [Geez, really is quite somethin’…]

After verifying the safety of the twin sisters who had been released from the opponent’s grasp, what Rom-jii turned his attentive gaze towards was the young girl riding on his shoulders―― the side profile of Petra.

Petra: [――――]

With her large, round eyes narrowed, and the lovely features of her cheeks strained, Petra diligently cast a serious gaze towards the two battlefronts.

Those being the bouts of combat clashing against Roy Alphard of Gluttony, and the swordsman who had betrayed the Kingdom―― the Backstabber, Heinkel. Originally, present there had also been the principal offender, Aldebaran, alongside his obedient shinobi , and the Divine Dragon which had bowed down before him.

There had been discussions on splitting up that dangerous ensemble, creating theaters of war such that each enemy could be dealt crushing blows individually, but it would have been no exaggeration to say that it was Petra who held the key to that stratagem’s success.

The plan had been constructed around the opinions of Clind, a man intimately familiar with the Authority of Tristitia, and while all personnel were united in their efforts to bring about the success of this stratagem, the one ultimately contributing the most was Petra.

Without her, nary would this battle have even commenced. ――And that had now culminated, in this very moment.

Petra: [――Hk.]

Tightly biting down on her lip, Petra’s nails firmly dug into the shoulders of Rom-jii as she sat on him. He felt no pain from the likes of a young girl’s nails, but the state of her mind as she subconsciously did so was unimaginable.

The Witch Factors that reduced people to Witches and Sin Archbishops; the burden of handling one was something that could only have been understood by those who had actually done so. Furthermore, the duty that Petra now shouldered, was one for which Rom-jii’s own name had also been raised as a candidate.

Albeit lacking in direct combat ability, his quick wits and ability to make decisions made him desirable to have on the field of battle.

That was precisely the role of Rom-jii and Petra, and while the difference in their Camps had ultimately been the deciding factor, Petra’s duty was one that Rom-jii could very well have ended up shouldering.

Hence, while Rom-jii’s ultimate priority in this battle was to take back Felt, he had decided in his heart that his secondary priority was to do everything in his power to support Petra. If it meant that Petra’s burden could become even just a bit lighter, he would devote his entire soul to ensuring that no blunders or oversights occurred in his judgments and instructions regarding the war situation.

Rom: [Queen ta Flowers Three. Noble ta Lightning Two. Hunter ta Flowers Five.]

Overlooking the battlefield, Rom-jii issued commands such that Petra could hear from atop his shoulders. Each time Petra received his instructions, and exercised the Authority, the scratches on his shoulders would deepen, becoming all the more more numerous.

Primarily, it was the battle against Gluttony in which Compression could be utilized. Roy seemed to be aware that Rom-jii and Petra were making contributions to the combat, but the way Ram conducted herself was exceptionally skillful. She continued to dexterously draw the opponent’s attention, ensuring that he could not lay a hand on those in the position of command.

The fact that the combat continued to ebb and flow with a paper thin difference, even when including Compression, stemmed from the abundance of moves and cards in Gluttony’s hand, but this stood in stark contrast to the other front, where the moves and cards in hand were desperately few.

Heinkel: [――Kuh.]

With even his screams getting lost amidst the sounds of pummeling, Heinkel continued to be showered in blow after blow.

Joining the twins Flam and Grassis, Gaston supplemented their speedy flurry with the might of his arm, causing a one-sided beatdown that ought to already have been labeled punishment without fair trial to unfold. But, since the other party had still yet to bend the knee, Flam and the rest could not afford ease off, either.

On both fronts, a nudge would be required for things to progress. ――It happened right after he had reached that thought.

Petra called out “――Rom-ojiisan”, and with Rom-jii her eyes met.

Petra: [――――]

By the mere crossing of their gazes, Rom-jii understood that Petra had arrived at the same conclusion he had. Without even sparing the time to nod in agreement, Rom-jii kept a keen eye out for a golden opportunity.

And then――,

Rom: [Queen ta Yang Five――!]

As Rom-jii let the command fly, Petra exerted strength into the hands on his shoulders, into her round eyes, and activated Compression―― in a manner most magnificent, the fruit of cooperation between Ram and two others vehemently surged towards Roy.

Petra: [――Alright!]

Roy’s petite frame engulfed in wind, he basked in the attacks of the King Pig alongside two Witchbeasts, and was blown away. Spraying blood as he was shot up into the air, Roy had unmistakably been dealt a serious blow.

Just before that decisive blow was made, Roy had attempted to invoke the Authority of Gluttony on Ram, but with that ending in a misfire, he had given birth to a significantly fatal opening. ――Once again, he was deeply impressed by the courage of Ram in laying that trap and having it actually succeed, as well as Petra’s ingenuity for having proposed it.

――Formerly Ram, now Ram Leyte.

Taking advantage of the system, an unnatural proceeding to become adopted children had been performed for all personnel on the front lines whom Gluttony had a chance of targeting; ‘twas an outlandish stratagem that betrayed the expectations of the Sin Archbishop.

Rom: [But with this…]

The situation had shifted. At the certain materialization of the move that had been desired to break the deadlock, Rom-jii tightly clenched his fist.

And then, maintaining that momentum, he shifted his sights in an attempt to progress the other situation――,

Heinkel: […Nobody, fucking move a muscle. If this brat’s… if this personage’s life is valuable to you.]

――With the variation that had been birthed on that front, he was confronted with the worst predicament possible, that of Heinkel pressing his sword against Felt, pinioning her hands behind her back.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never retell my favorite stories.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [Sorry for everything up ‘till now. In a lot of ways, I’ve put way too much burden on your shoulders, old man.]

Giving that apology, it was right after Aldebaran had mercilessly beat down Heinkel by sheer force, just when the latter had been about to take an overly hasty action while conversing with Felt.

To be frank, Heinkel was aware that he had been about to carry out a deed that could never be undone, and thus reflected that he had no right to complain about having been beaten down. He had no choice but to accept the apology.

However, the reality that Felt had caught wind of―― that alone, he absolutely could not afford to leave unchecked.

Heinkel’s ever-slumbering wife, Louanna Astrea.

‘Twas the fact that the slumber of the woman Heinkel held most dear was caused by his son, Reinhard.

Aldebaran: [Well, hold on a sec. I ain’t gonna ask about what happened between you and Lil’ Miss Felt, old man. But, didn’t I tell you? Old man, it was my fault for making you shoulder all that burden, yeah?]

Heinkel: […Where are you going with this? What good will apologizing do?]

Aldebaran: [Of course, I won’t say something like “I apologized, so just keep hanging in there.” For now, I’ll deal with the matter of Lil’ Miss Felt.]

Heinkel: [Even if you say you’ll deal with it…]

Aldebaran: [I ain’t gonna do anything dangerous. Though, it might be a little crude.]

As Aldebaran spoke those words with a shrug of his shoulders, Heinkel’s cheeks tensed.

Regarding what he was thinking, he was a man with many inscrutable aspects to him. Even so, what Heinkel did understand was that, driven by the sorrow of having lost Priscilla, he had begun to turn the world against him.

That at the very foundation of Aldebaran, certainly present was a love towards that blazing Sun Princess.

However, Aldebaran had retained just enough good conscience to not go as far as sacrificing everything just for that purpose. ――It felt as if such a thing no longer bound him; that he had broken free from his shackles.

Heinkel: [What… what are you planning to do?]

Aldebaran: [I won’t do anything bad to you, old man. Only, there’s just one thing I’d like to confirm.]

As he unwittingly gulped aloud, Heinkel felt a strong sense of thirst from his throat. It was a certain kind of premonition that only cowards were endowed with, that of wanting to hear what words came next, but with a simultaneous desire to not hear them.

Ignoring those feelings of Heinkel, Aldebaran vocalized his question.

That was――,

Aldebaran: [Fifteen years ago, about the name of the royal who was abducted from the castle――]

For Heinkel―― nay, for anyone in the Kingdom of Lugunica, speaking that name had gained a perception of being something of a taboo.

Fifteen years ago, the daughter of the King’s younger brother was abducted from the Royal Castle of Lugunica, and ever since then, her whereabouts had been unknown.

In the long and storied history of the Kingdom, it was not as though there had been an absence of royals who had led lives of misfortune. However, despite having been blessed by birth, she was the only one whose growth and conclusion were never spoken of.

???: [――Filóre Lugunica.] [1]

The forty-first King of the Kingdom of Lugunica, Randohal Lugunica; the daughter of his younger brother, Ford Lugunica, was the royal whom Heinkel had been suspected of abducting fifteen years prior.

Albeit, the suspicions of abduction were false accusations―― after circulating from one place to the next, Heinkel had, unto the Royal Family to whom he ought to have sworn his fealty, and unto Ford whom he owed a great debt of gratitude, committed a blasphemy which he could never retract.

Far beyond simply betraying the Kingdom, that was a clear breach of faith on his friendship with the Royal Family.

???: [――Let’s eat.]

An abominable ritual of unspeakable sin, effectuated before his eyes.

From Aldebaran’s question, that was something Heinkel had foreseen, and likely even hoped for. Despite being fully aware that the ritual had served as the impetus for many a tragedy, he still had hoped so.

After all, if that was enacted, Heinkel would not end up needing to kill her.

???: [Thank you for the treat-.]

Placing two hands together, Roy announced the completion of the ritual, and with eyes upon that small figure’s back, Heinkel came to his senses. He had been so eager to avert his gaze that, submerged in his thoughts, he had quite literally overlooked the deed taking place before his eyes.

Though he found it absurd that his heart still ached with each new unknightly deed he enacted, Heinkel stepped forth to change places with Roy, the latter cackling in delight.

And then――,

Heinkel: [――Filóre-sama.]

Getting down on one knee, Heinkel called out to the girl in such a manner.

Just what sort of answer had he been expecting? If she replied acknowledging that it referred to herself, then it would signify the failure of the ritual. If she replied that she did not know what that meant, it would still likely end up causing Heinkel anguish.

Sure enough, not even holding the answer within himself, the answer Heinkel received was――,

Filóre: [Who, might that be referring to? No, in the first place…]

Heinkel: [――――]

Filóre: [――Who, am I exactly?]

Ultimately, the reply signifying the ritual’s success wounded Heinkel, causing him anguish.

Filóre: [Filóre, that is my name… something about it does not feel quite right.]

With her Memories devoured, Filóre’s attitude truly felt as though she were a different person entirely.

Her mannerisms, conduct, and way of speaking had all previously given the impression of crudeness and having been poorly raised, but as if that had all been a lie, she now carried herself with a grace and gentleness befitting royalty, greatly surprising Heinkel.

If not for the tragedy fifteen years prior, she would have likely been a member of royalty beloved by all.

Aldebaran: [But in exchange for that, she would’ve probably ended up dying of the same illness as the rest of the Royal Family.]

As Heinkel was stricken with such deep emotions, Aldebaran made a rather tasteless comment.

But, that was likely the truth. The epidemic of unknown origin that seemed to have only targeted royalty; if Filóre had been in the castle, she would have likely not escaped harm. ――Heinkel had been about to realize something about what that signified, but he shut his eyes, refusing to confront it directly.

By this point, Heinkel’s mind and body were already filled to the brim. With the fulfillment of his dearest wish just ahead, his heart could not bear the shocking facts that kept being added on one after another.

Filóre: [Is there perhaps something troubling you?]

As Heinkel subconsciously placed his hands over his face, Filóre inquired so of him.

Even though she had been the one in a far more uncertain situation, being without her Memories, for her to still display concern for others was an act in which Heinkel certainly glimpsed the blood of the Lugunican Royal Family.

At the same time, convinced he was of a cruel reality―― substantiated the moment the Authority of Gluttony was activated, of the fact that she was undoubtedly Filóre Lugunica.

And yet――,

Heinkel: […With this, I guess the Royal Selection’s over.]

Aldebaran: [Why’d you think that, old man?]

Heinkel: [Is there anything at all left? The reason why the Royal Selection is being held is to find a “successor” worthy of the throne. If it has to be said, it’s a backup plan because the Royal Family perished… now that we know that they didn’t die out, it’s a given that everyone will go back on it.]

As irony would have it, it was a truth that had only come to light because following Priscilla’s death, Aldebaran had gone rogue and broken Gluttony out of prison, and because she had gotten to the crux of Heinkel’s heart before losing her Memories.

It almost seemed as if the world itself had exerted its control in order to install Filóre on the throne.

Of course, Heinkel did not suggest anything so insensitive as saying that even Priscilla’s death had been for that purpose, but ultimately, Filóre taking the throne would have been the most desirable outcome.

He would awaken Louanna. So long as that was fulfilled, it was in Heinkel’s best interests for all matters to be settled without any problems.

Hence, the Witch of Envy would withdraw, and Filóre would take the throne. Such did he desire.

Aldebaran: [ Alter , this is the most peaceful way to settle things. Got any problems with that?]

???: […Just barely, because I was able to compromise on this, the lil’ miss avoided getting hurt. I think it’s a brilliant solution, Origin . It’s just ――]

Aldebaran: [It’s just?]

???: [Did you really think of this plan by yourself, Origin ? It doesn’t really seem like something you’d come up with.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Next to Heinkel as he came to terms with things, Aldebaran and the Divine Dragon debated over the treatment of Filóre in such a manner. Be that as it may, at least the problem Heinkel had been carrying was shelved for now. But then again, there was no doubt that bringing Filóre around without her Memories would only sow the seeds for new problems――,

???: [In that case, it won’t become a problem or anything of the sort~. Right, Al-sama?]

As Yae stealthily peered at his face from right next to him, Heinkel’s breath caught.

As if she had seen straight through Heinkel’s inner apprehensions, she sent a sidelong glance his way as if mocking him, before proceeding to encourage Aldebaran as if presuming upon him.

From Yae’s disparaging attitude, he felt no sense of unease. What did give him a sense of unease, was the demeanor Aldebaran displayed towards her.

Aldebaran: […Yeah. I did promise the old man, after all.]

Heinkel: [Ah? Promise?]

Aldebaran: [That I’ll be the one who deals with the matter of Lil’ Miss Felt… no, Lil’ Miss Filóre.]

Declaring so with an aloof, yet evidently callous attitude, Aldebaran ignored Heinkel’s bewilderment and “dealt with it”.

At that decisive―― nay, that uncompromising attitude, for better or worse, Heinkel was dismayed.

The shift in the relationship between Aldebaran and Yae, the emotions the Divine Dragon harbored towards Filóre, the expansion of the scope of actions permitted to Gluttony, and the truth about Filóre that had come to light. ――By no means were they a group with a unified relationship, but Heinkel could feel the strains and discrepancies gradually growing larger.

Amidst such a group, Heinkel resolved himself to at least remain as one who maintained his sanity.

No matter how suffocating a difficult situation he was placed in, Heinkel would be troubled were this group to fall apart before his goal was fulfilled.

Hence――,

Heinkel: [――Even if it’s just me, I’ll act decently.]

Indeed, receiving the result of Filóre having been “dealt with”―― the black orb around the size of a beanbag in which she had been sealed, thus did Heinkel vow.

Indeed, he had vowed.

Heinkel: [If you don’t want Filóre-sama to get hurt, then stand down…!]

――He had vowed, and yet.

Faced with a predicament, Heinkel had done an about face on that resolve of his; binding the arms of the grown-up Filóre behind her back, he pressed his sword against her slender neck.

???: [Felt… hk!]

Upon witnessing Heinkel’s act of violence, a man of solid physique called out to Filóre by a different name in frustration.

Flam and Grassis, who had been pummeling him without having ceased their movements, faced off against Heinkel, their gazes filled with anger and disdain, likely mixed in with a bit of anxiety and bewilderment.

From their perspective, there would have likely been two strands of surprise.

Similar to how they had been repeatedly appearing and disappearing, Filóre seemed to have appeared in Heinkel’s hands without any forewarning, and furthermore, Heinkel had called her by a different name than the one they knew.

There was no avoiding the perplexity and unease surging up in their eyes.

Heinkel: [I’m deeply sorry, but I do not wish to be rough. Please bear with me.]

As Heinkel pinioned the arms of Filóre and spoke those words to her, he was disgusted at his own chicanery.

He had endeavored. In this battle that had commenced all too suddenly, Heinkel had endeavored to the utmost to avoid getting Filóre involved. But, he had given up. As always, his efforts had borne no fruit.

And so, shattering the black orb with which Aldebaran had entrusted him, he released the sealed Filóre to the outside, and holding her hostage, he threatened the enemies who had appeared.

Heinkel: [Don’t move, you don’t want this personage to get hurt, yeah?]

Even as he stained his hands with such an atrocity, his secret courtesy towards Filóre proved some fragment of conscience still lingered within Heinkel.

Before he had gained conviction that she was Filóre, he had been able to disregard the beautiful golden hair and blazing red eyes that were proof of royalty as being naught more than a mere accidental resemblance. But, now that he had been convinced of her identity as Filóre, Heinkel was unable to interact with her the same way that he had up until that point.

Were he asked if it was a matter of changing his attitude based on the identity of the other party, the answer would have been yes. ――To devote fealty towards those of the Lugunican Royal Family, ‘twas a tenet entrenched in Heinkel by his parents.

Filóre: [――Hk.]

Serving as a belated trump card, Filóre’s throat rumbled as she was made to raise her visage.

Freshly liberated from that black orb, Filóre complied with Heinkel’s will, perhaps because of the lingering disorientation of her consciousness, or perhaps because the sudden change in situation had caused her to lose her bearings.

While that irritated him to no end, the threat had been effective, with the opponents’ movements having dulled. Seizing that opportunity, albeit he was still worried about Aldebaran and the others, Heinkel chose to prioritize rescuing Roy, who had fallen into a trap on the same battlefield――,

???: [――Felt!!]

Unlike that which had been wrung out by the man of solid physique earlier, this was a voice carrying strength.

Across the battlefield thundered a shout woven from joy upon reuniting with a person held dear, faint ire beneath deep affection, together mixed in with a fear for her safety, and the ironclad determination to bring her home no matter what.

Filóre: [――――]

At that voice, Filóre stirred within Heinkel’s arms.

Even if she was in a state lacking Memories, in a position unsure of friend or foe, any strong emotions directed towards herself would likely be conveyed. Slowly, she blinked open those signature red eyes of royalty, and met eyes with the old giant who had called out to her from afar.

Then, opening her lips, she began to spin words. Those were――,

Filóre: [――Rom-jii! Take Gaston and everyone else and fall back! That is coming!]

With all the royal grace up until a moment prior cast aside, a voice laden with a gruff strength―― as if lost Memories had been forcibly reclaimed at the call of someone treasured, ‘twas the roaring cry of the regal and valorous Golden Lion.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never call others by terms of endearment.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Of course, the reason why Felt had been able to warn her comrades of the oncoming peril stemmed not from any fairy-tale convenience like the miracle of love that Heinkel had thought it to be.

The ruthlessness of the Authority of Gluttony was extended far past the likes of Felt, evident in the tragedies of the people who had fallen prey to it and those who surrounded them. There existed nothing so absurd like the hotbed of those countless tragedies being resolved merely by the emotions that surrounded Felt.

Hence, the reason why Felt had returned from being “Filóre” to “Felt” here was plain and simple―― to begin with, Roy had never even eaten Felt’s Memories.

Roy: [About after this, Felt-chan, seems we’ve got no choice bu~t to eat your Memories~. ――Felt-chan, how about cooperating with us?]

The words left Roy’s lips soon after Aldebaran had resolved to “deal with” Felt, who had become a liability that threatened to fracture their group’s cohesion after discovering an unnecessary truth.

The unnecessary truth Felt had surmised would be devoured entirely by Roy along with her Memories, and it seemed like this opportunity was also being taken to get rid of Felt’s personality of impertinently prying into things one by one.

The idea was that so long as her life was not taken, it would be fine, but if Felt were to be asked, the moment she lost her Memories and stopped being her current self, it would be tantamount to killing her, so she did not approve of Aldebaran’s methods.

Felt: [But, that doesn’t mean that I’ll suddenly approve of yours. To begin with, by cooperating with the likes of you, what the hell are you trying to get me to do? ]

Roy: [Hahaa~, that attitude is tantalizing you know~. But no need to worry, Felt-chan. After all, drafting scrupulous stratagems or having a perfect plan, that kinda stuff isn’t our creed~. What we want to ask you to do, Felt-chan, is decidedly, for you to pretend your Memories were eaten.]

Felt: […Go on.]

Closing a single eye, Felt detected a possible value in hearing Roy out. Viewing her reaction, Roy chortled “Tha~t’s the spirit~!” in delight from the bottom of his heart.

Roy: [It’s not bad to keep going along with helmet uncle and the others like this~, but if we don’t take any action, the best we can hope for is being used up and tossed aside when the ideal time comes… see, we’re engraved with a curse mark, and it’s quite the unfavorable situation we’re in. That’s why, you see…]

Felt: [That’s why?]

Roy: [While you’re pretending to have lost your Memories, Felt-chan, just keep aiming and watching out for a chance to retaliate like you’ve always been. We’ll take advantage of the opportunity you might create, Felt-chan, and attempt to slip out from our position as captive Sin Archbishop, after all.]

Felt: [――. If I were to tell that to the helmet bastard, causing a falling out between you guys, you’d easily be eliminated; that line of thought also exists, you know?]

Roy: [Yes yes, that’s exactly it! Keep laying those sorts of traps~.]

Roy clapped his hands in great ecstacy, and trying to probe deeper into his true intentions, Felt quickly dismissed it. If he did happen to be concealing his true feelings, she did not think she could see through them, and it seemed to Felt that Roy was speaking sincerely.

And in reality, given Felt’s position, it was also the best proposal she could ask for. ――Felt’s position, at this rate, would be that of being robbed of her Memories, with not a thing she could do about it.

Felt: [However, you’d need to have my name in order to even eat me in the first place. Your sibling didn’t know it, and that caused him to throw up.]

Roy: [Well~, that’s true. But, even you know it somewhere deep in your heart, don’t you, Felt-chan? That your real name might very well be the same as that of the princess renowned from the Kingdom’s tra~gedy?]

Felt: [――――]

Roy: [A~h, or perhaps you would like to confirm? Though if Eclipsing succeeds using that name, we’d end up acquiring your Memories, but we’ll be able to verify. How about it?]

Felt: [Hah, now there’s a cheap provocation. ――Fine, I’m in.]

As Roy languidly hung out his long tongue and peered at her face, Felt scoffed at him.

Just who actually was she? ――Such a worthless question did not matter in the slightest to Felt. She knew that there were those to whom it might have mattered, but it was the same logic as before, that having her Memories stolen would have been the same as being killed.

Felt had already accumulated all her life experience as a person named “Felt”. Sorry, but regardless of how it started, any life in which she was not “Felt” had ended before even starting.

Such things were unnecessary. Hence, she would take advantage of the repulsive Gluttony’s machinations.

Felt: [I’ll be the only one victorious.]

Roy: [Kuku-, ah-hahaa~! We thought you’d say that! We believed it! But, even we will do our utmost by placing insurance to make sure that Felt-chan isn’t the only one who wins, you know?]

Felt: [Insurance, eh? Don’t say such lame things. Wager everything on a single shot.]

Roy: [Such gallantry is cool and whatnot~, but what’s important to us isn’t the likes of such pri~de. ――Eat or be eaten, that’s all.]

With those words, Roy gnashed his teeth as if to celebrate the establishment of the collusion.

And thereafter, as promised, Roy had pretended to eat Felt’s Memories, leaving her as she was. Felt too abided by the collusion with Roy which she had half-doubted, and acted as though she had no Memories―― she performed the role of the royal whom she did not even know, Filóre Lugunica.

Felt: [Sorry, but the only person I could think to mimic was Crusch-neechan.]

In the sense that she was a victim whose Memories had been eaten by Gluttony, the first thing that came to Felt’s mind was Crusch. Having used the sudden changes in her demeanor and manner of speech as a reference, it seemed like Filóre had somehow satisfied Aldebaran and the rest, and above all, Heinkel.

Fortunately, the times she needed to play Filóre were neither long nor many, as Felt had soon ended up being sealed in a peculiar black sphere through Aldebaran’s magic. The sensations within that orb were exceedingly suffocating, and it was nothing nice, but―― there were aspects that had helped her.

By reducing the amount of time she had needed to play Filóre, she had managed to avoid revealing their subterfuge. Had Felt unwittingly revealed it, Roy’s “insurance” would have been invoked. With such she had been threatened.

Supposing Felt did not go along with the proposal, it had been prepared to ensure she had no choice but to go along with it, and to prevent her betrayal after she agreed, proving to serve as “insurance” in quite the literal sense of the word.

That was――,

Felt: [――It’s coming out from my shadow!!]

While Heinkel pinioned her arms, holding his sword fastened against her neck, she shouted.

Deceiving Aldebaran and his henchmen, the face down trap card prepared by the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, in order to flee from their grasp; listed alongside the White Whale and the Great Rabbit, it was the last of the Three Great Witchbeasts――,

Felt: [――The Black Serpent!!]

――So it was that in response to the breach of the agreed upon collusion, brought forth to this theater of all-out war between the two factions was the Black Serpent, the Witchbeast of Pestilence responsible for having massacred the most living creatures in this world since its birth. [2]

Translation Notes:

[1] – Given that the Japanese base for this name is フィルオーレ ( Firuoore ), we deem it likely that it is based on the Italian term fiore , meaning flower, and thus have localized it to Filóre due to its similarity and aesthetic sense.

[2] – The term here 病巣 has been rendered here as the singular term “pestilence” for brevity. While SummaryAnon’s original translation used “blight”, we have opted for this to put more emphasis on the disease aspect, and to avoid using the same term that might be associated with Blight Dragons. The original term itself has more of a meaning like lesion or source of infection, but in this context it more so refers to the base meanings of the kanji for “disease” and “nest”. The nuance is to say that the serpent itself is a nest, den, or crucible of sorts in which this plague festers. An apt translation might be “Nest of Infection” or “Nest of Plague”, but when taken in totality with the “Witchbeast of” part of the phrase, these become unwieldy compared to just opting for a singular term like pestilence.

--- Chapter 45: Clash of the Suprarational ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never invite another into my home.

△▼△▼△▼△

――In her defense, Felt had not initially accepted Roy’s conditions with the intention of immediately reneging on them.

The “insurance” he had imposed on her had certainly been “insurance”.

That threat was known to Felt, and if she were to act carelessly in any way, it was very likely that she would bring enormous harm to not only her own life as a matter of course, but also to her surroundings.

Therefore, despite how annoying it was, she intended to go along with Roy’s plan, playing the part of Filóre Lugunica and waiting for as large of an opening as possible from Aldebaran and the others. Of course, she intended on further outmaneuvering Roy as he tried to outmaneuver them.

However, that determination within Felt was soon forced to change course.

???: [――Felt!!]

Released from the sealed space, while feeling the frigidity of steel against the skin of her neck, Felt poured everything into getting a grasp on the situation. The first thing was the “insurance” that she would act as Filóre―― to prevent that which had a risk of being invoked, regardless of if Roy was watching or not. On top of that, she was seeking an opportunity to give any members of Aldebaran’s group a taste of their own medicine.

Such various determinations cracked the moment that familiar voice had called out to her.

Felt: [――――]

Pinned in a nelson hold, Felt raised her head slightly and looked.

At the edge of the battlefield, the loud voice that had called out for Felt was Rom-jii, whom she was already missing after only two or three days. She was overjoyed, but at the same time, she understood that she was a hostage for this purpose, and she forcefully fastened the mask of Filóre that was beginning to slip―― then, their eyes met.

With Rom-jii, it was not. Rather, it was with the pale blue eyes of the girl perched atop those shoulders with his.

――In that instant, information flooded into Felt’s head with a terrifying ferocity.

Felt: [――Ugh.]

Within the blinking red eyes of Felt, the muddy torrent raged like there was no time that could be spared.

Apparently the middle of a battle, Aldebaran and Yae and the Divine Dragon absent, all-out war with only Roy and Heinkel remaining, divide and conquer plus ambush tactics, my Rom-jii in command as expected, Reinhard continuing to engage the Witch, on top of that, on top of, on top, on――,

Felt: [――Rom-jii! Take Gaston and everyone else and fall back! That is coming!]

After wading through the unrelenting muddy torrent of information, Felt raised her voice with the belief that this was the optimal choice.

Even should she continue to act as Filóre for fear of the “insurance”, there was a high probability that Roy, who was caught in a predicament on the battlefield, would break his promise in order to overturn the situation. To begin with, he was a Sin Archbishop. It would be a mistake to place such faith in matters such as them keeping their promises.

After all, Roy had been lying from the start. ――Conspiring with Felt to escape after exploiting an opening made by Aldebaran and the others was an outright lie. From the onset, Roy had only ever thought of devouring everyone: Felt, Aldebaran, Yae, Volcanica, and Heinkel included.

As such――,

Felt: [――It’s coming out from my shadow!!]

In this act of forestalling Roy, she had harbored no hesitation or indecision whatsoever.

If there was but one thing, it was solely the fear that they would be unable to handle the “insurance”, but that fear had been dispelled by the presence of those here, and in particular, by Rom-jii.

――If Rom-jii was present, there was nothing that could not be accomplished.

The hope that many throughout the world held in the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, was something that Felt harbored in this elderly giant.

Therefore――,

Felt: [――The Black Serpent!!]

Even though a dreadful torrent of Death poured out from her own shadow, in Felt’s eyes, in her heart, there existed not a single shred of fear whatsoever.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never nurse the deathbed of another.

△▼△▼△▼△

――One of the Three Great Witchbeasts: the Witchbeast of Pestilence, the Black Serpent.

While blighting humanity was in the core nature of the species known as Witchbeasts, the reason why the Three Great Witchbeasts were considered to stand in a league of their own even among that genus, was simply because, in addition to embodying that base ecology of Witchbeasts, the scale of destruction they wrought was far too catastrophically vast.

――Surrounded many a time by the military campaigns of every nation, and enshrouded by a mist that entirely erased the majority of those forces: the White Whale.

――Leaving no scraps behind as it devoured countless livelihoods with a calamitous appetite, the ravenous bane that stripped even tragedy bare as it cleaned its plate: the Great Rabbit.

Enrolled alongside the Black Serpent, the dreadfulness of those extolled as the Three Great Witchbeasts went without saying. Yet, even beside the White Whale and Great Rabbit, the Black Serpent stood apart, an anomalous existence that defied all regularity.

As stated previously, the Three Great Witchbeasts were beings that wrought frighteningly more harm than any other Witchbeasts. ――If that condition were to have been strictly obeyed, then the Black Serpent, rather than having been listed among the Three Great Witchbeasts, would have instead been worthy of reigning as the Great Witchbeast, singular.

After all, the Black Serpent had bereaved a number of lives astronomically greater than that of either the White Whale or the Great Rabbit, what with it having delivered ruination unto a great country that had formerly existed, reducing what were once the Five Great Countries to the Four Great Countries.

Rom: [ Nwahh ――!?]

Apprised of the arrival of the Black Serpent, Rom-jii’s voice subsequently erupted in surprise.

That instant, burgeoning from the shadow at Felt’s feet was a dense conglomeration of Miasma so dark that its true state could be ascertained on sight―― appearing just as though the shadow itself had poked its head up, it was an utmost malefic menace made manifest, unparalleled in its ability to remind all living creatures of their instinctive aversion to Death.

And yet――,

Rom: [Hey, what in tarnation’s with them eyes…!]

Despite the fact that she would have been acutely feeling the dreadful aura of the Witchbeast up close, the fact that Felt’s eyes housed no fear as she looked at him, instead carrying only an unwavering faith, brought Rom-jii’s heart to a boil.

Suppressing the instincts of self-preservation that were all too superfluous for the elderly, a desire to meet her expectations was blazed within him.

Rom: [Petraaa!]

Petra: [Understood-!]

Forthwith, the young girl who had responded hopped down from Rom-jii’s shoulders. Drawing his chin back at the clever girl’s decision, Rom-jii fixed his gaze afore―― Compression was invoked.

Rom: [――――]

A sharp sensation, as if consigning his surroundings to oblivion, tremored through Rom-jii’s soul.

Supposing this power had been at play in the many battles that Rom-jii―― that Valga Cromwell had come to be involved with, then the tactics utilized, the outcomes begotten, even history itself would have likely undergone a massive upheaval.

By merely laying eyes upon the power of an Authority, by the mere sensation of a Witch Factor in close proximity, he could not help but conceive of such “what if” scenarios. Likely, that was the unmistakable genesis of what captivated those chosen by Witch Factors with prospects of power, leading them astray as they drowned in delusions of omnipotence, invariably degrading them into repulsive abominations.

Wielding such a thing――,

Petra: [――Hk!]

Firmly clenching her molars, it was with a brave heart that Petra endured.

A brief while though it might have been, there was no doubt that the Witch Factor was saddling her with a correspondent burden. Despite wishing to liberate her from it as soon as possible, reality betrayed his wishes, forcing her to exercise that power. The fact that Rom-jii too was naught more than a part of that odious reality, irritated him to no end.

It was precisely for that reason, precisely because it was being forced on her, that he would at least return home with the greatest results possible.

Rom: [Warrior ta Lightnin’ Eight. Soldier ta Flowers Eight.]

Concurrent to that vocalization from his thick lips, was the sensation of thoughts bursting asunder.

In accordance with Rom-jii’s commands, Petra passed brisk judgment, retrieving the trio of Flam, Grassis, and Gaston through Compression, and dropping them towards the rear of the battlefield.

Rom-jii, having advanced an equivalent distance forward to take their place, ripped Felt free from Heinkel’s continued hold, and planned to withdraw once again.

However――,

???: [How cruel~, didn’t we say that we’d run away toge~ther?]

For a moment, a voice lacquered with slimy unpleasantness overlaid the nasty resonance of flesh forcibly being pierced.

A scorching pain flashed belatedly, causing Rom-jii to let out a groan as he locked eyes with the owner of the spear hand that had impaled his right flank, with the bloodstained smile of Roy.

Roy, who ought to have sustained a fatal wound at the coordinated onslaught by Ram and the others a moment ago, continued to bare his fangs while his petite, wound-riddled body was stained red with blood.

Felt: [Bastard, doing that to Rom-jii is… hk.]

Roy: [We did warn you, no? These guys won’t even properly listen to what we have to say is what we’re saying!]

Gnashing his teeth as Felt flared up in anger, Roy gestured behind him with a jerk of his chin.

A befouling spire of black sprouted up on a grand scale, unveiling a genuine threat to gnaw away at one’s life, to eclipse it entirely were they to merely catch a glimpse, let alone lay hands upon it; a peril instinctually perceived by any and all that lived.

This was no empty threat or bluff, present there was indeed the baleful legend known as the Black Serpent.

Rom: [―― Nhh .]

Enduring the pain of his flank being impaled, Rom-jii’s thoughts flared to the point of incandescence.

Attempting to do something about it here would be a bad idea even among the pantheon of piss poor plans. But, given that Roy would naturally interfere with their plans, escaping with Compression would be difficult. Did Roy possess a means of avoiding the Black Serpent’s cataclysmic malevolence, or was this perhaps a suicide tactic resolved to take them down along with himself? To devise the best possible course of action in order to prevent that, thinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthink――,

Rom: [――Protect the daughter of Ford!]

As for why his ardent thoughts had terminated upon such a conclusion, not even Rom-jii himself was aware. Only, with his thought process to arrive there condensed to the utmost extremity, he exclaimed.

And receiving that bloodcurdling outcry from Rom-jii, a lone man concorded.

???: [UGH, GAHHHHHHH――!]

The owner of that fearful, quavering voice reflexively brandished his sword, obliquely slashing at Roy, who was attempting to cling to Rom-jii’s giant body, blowing him away.

The mastery in that silver flash was something that astonished even the very man who had performed it, and thus, having been rescued by that, it delivered a shock onto Felt as if the heavens had come crashing down.

Felt: [You…]

Heinkel: [――Hk!]

Motionlessly looking back at Felt, whose eyes were opened wide, Heinkel grit his teeth and reached out his hand. Reaching straight ahead, not towards Felt, but towards the large body of Rom-jii who had pulled her close, he pushed. On the receiving end of that unimaginably vehement shove, Rom-jii’s body was sent flying by its vigor.

And then, in front of Rom-jii and Felt as they watched, having been thrust away――,

Heinkel: [Filóre-sama, I’m――]

That countenance, an amalgam of turmoil and regret and love and hate; just how could anyone have described it? The words spun by those lips, enigmatic and labyrinthine to the utmost, just what sort of sentiments had they been attempting to convey?

All was unknown. ――Before those words could take form, Heinkel Astrea was swallowed by the downpour of befoulment known as the Black Serpent, vanishing altogether.

Rom: [――――]

As befoulment cascaded like a waterfall, the land, steeped in baleful black, drew its final breath.

Arboreal watchers of wood and bark withered, flora festered in rot, and waters seethed with blight. Nary a hue of life was left behind by the Black Serpent’s foul tongue following its tarnish; instead, it engulfed aught in its path, extinguishing all embers of life without discrimination.

And of course, with that befoulment spilled all over his head, Heinkel was no exception.

Felt: [――Goddamn idiot!] Roy: [A~h, what a waste-!]

Bearing witness to that sight, the bitter reactions of Felt and Roy ironically coincided.

But, as the other relevant party, Rom-jii possessed no right to lament that. After all, he was at least aware that it was his outcry just now that had spurred Heinkel to enact that deed with his life on the line.

But regardless of whether he was self-aware or not, his determination was immediately renewed by Roy’s appetite.

Roy: [Filóre Lugu―― Rom: [Hunter ta Wind Two!] ]

Whilst befouling lethality gushed forth like spring water, the voice of Roy, prioritizing his appetite, was drowned out by Rom-jii’s.

As the small figure pounced at them, Rom-jii twisted his body to keep Felt at a distance; and to his clever companion, he issued an order, not to have them withdraw, but to break the deadlock.

???: [――AROOOOOO!!]

???: [This child, not even I have confidence in stopping i~t!]

Summoned by those commands, surfacing there were Meili and the sinister beast of large build to which she clung.

As a roar overlapped with the self-deprecating remark, and the beast’s claws seized Roy head-on, the Witchbeast Master pointed at the potpourri of befoulment, and yelled with all her might.

Meili: [SIT DOWN-!!]

The thunderclap that was Meili’s command struck the Witchbeast with an inexorable impulse.

Forthwith, as the befoulment had been attempting to bifurcate whilst slithering across the ground, within shadow, borne in its movements was a disturbance; and having shifted places with the sinister beast, Rom-jii and the others escaped the Black Serpent’s immediate range. Having fled, he resumed breathing, and turning only his neck, he finally caught sight of the befoulment in its entirety―― and failed to muster even a single word.

Rom: [――――]

This was no lifeform so cute as a Witchbeast, this was Death incarnate.

The befoulment that had overflowed from the forest’s shadows coalesced, taking form as a serpentine contour. However, that contour was not of flesh or scale, instead, ‘twas naught more than a festering den of pathology, pestilence, and plague innumerable, an endless helix of lesions, disease, and blight, brought together by malign coincidence to assume such a shape.

Its ulcerations, akin to the scales that clad a snake’s body, would swell and burst, releasing droplets of deep black to scatter like pus, a mere touch from a single drop enough to make anything rot and wither away with nary a sound. The tip of the contour, barely acceptable to even be called a head, began to bloom like a flower, and from within writhed countless slender, filamentous protuberances, akin to tongues or tentacles, or perhaps more aptly, an infestation of parasites.

Worthy of being crowned the Vilest of All Witchbeasts beyond any shadow of a doubt, that was a being whose very existence tolled the warning bells of life.

If the White Whale devoured history from the aether, and the Great Rabbit gorged on livelihoods upon the ground, then the Black Serpent was none other than the very calamity of ruin that diseased the world itself, blighting it with rot.

Roy: [That perception’s RIGHT- ON- THE- MONEY-――!]

Within Rom-jii’s vision as he shuddered, the loud voice of Roy cheered in jubilation upon the land befouled by the Black Serpent.

At the same time, the Witchbeast of large build was launched skyward by a palm strike from directly below, its blood arcing through the air like a crimson trail.

Meili: [Shadow Lion-chan―― hk!!]

An exclamation, Meili’s hand outstretched to no avail.

The Witchbeast that had been shot upwards, the Guiltilaw, plummeted to the ground that had been befouled by the Black Serpent in an unavoidable crash; its gargantuan build was licked by that foul tongue, violating it with terrible vigor. With the roar of its agonizing death screech as his backdrop, Roy too stood at the heart of the befoulment. ――Even so, manipulating the blood pouring from his gashed wounds, Roy had fashioned for himself legs akin to those of a crustacean, concocting a stance with his feet hovering above the ground.

Roy: [A~h, you don’t have to cry, Meili. That child will be reborn, just like this.]

Roy pronounced so and clicked his fingers, and that which used to be the Guiltilaw, tarnished to a clump of black matter after being swallowed by the befoulment, now began to distend, and the Witchbeast’s massive build metamorphosed into countless kaleidoscopic butterflies.

Butterflies of myriad proportions, hued in the spectra of rainbow, fluttered into a whirling dance whilst Roy wickedly gave an iniquitous smile within the enshrouding Miasma of the Black Serpent.

Rom: [The Black Serpent… Felt, you…]

Felt: [He did say he couldn’t steer it well by himself, but he was able to pull off something like concealing it in my shadow with some conditions attached. I don’t have any reason to honestly believe him.]

Roy: [How sad~! You couldn’t trust us and for that reason betrayed us or something, is that what it means? To do something so crooked as deceiving a Sin Archbishop, won’t your Royal-born blood cry and weep over thi~s?]

Felt: [Sorry, but my blood’s made of the water and bread from the slums. No matter who or what my parents are, I don’t need any meekness that’d have me crying over betraying a bastard like you.]

As Felt gallantly retorted Roy’s mockery, her gaze shifted towards the coiling befoulment known as the Black Serpent―― towards the location Heinkel had occupied, as he was engulfed by the torrent of black. Having witnessed the fate of the Guiltilaw a moment prior, it was not difficult to imagine the end Heinkel had met.

He was a man whom neither Rom-jii, nor anyone else in the Camp, would have harbored a good impression of. But, he was Reinhard’s father. With Felt as a hostage, they likely would have also had some conversations.

For him to meet his end as the Black Serpent’s prey, was far too cruel to be called recompense.

???: [――UL GOA!!]

That sentimentality of his was blazed to naught by a coarse voice.

Passing over Rom-jii’s head, hellfire brilliantly lit up the forest as it closed in on the Black Serpent. Plowing into it, the infernal explosion tempestuously perturbed the befoulment, and the hot, putrid malodor immediately asserted a sense of reality for the scene before them.

And, the one who had launched such a merciless offensive upon the Black Serpent, was an individual who had newly joined the fray――,

???: [Oi, Felt! If you’re back safe, then start giving us orders! Isn’t that your damn job!?]

Having fired off a flashy attack in place of a proper greeting, Rachins sparked a fire of determination within her.

Seemingly having exerted himself quite a bit, Rachins was already out of breath despite only just arriving at the battle. However, that determination went into effect immediately. Right after widening her eyes slightly, Felt valiantly braced her cheeks――,

Felt: [Rom-jii, let me win this.]

Rom: […Don’t’cha go bein’ rash now.]

Felt: [I wouldn’t be asking if there was no shot.]

Rom: [Didn’t say that there ain’t no shot. I’d said, don’t be rash.]

He was wounded on his flank, and it did not seem like he would be able to move with any haste. He ought to devote himself to the work he could perform, so with the blood that had rushed to his head coming back down, he cooled off to think rationally.

Supposing Gluttony were to lay his hand upon Felt, what might occur if the name Filóre Lugunica were used? ――Knowing the answer to that question, Rom-jii quelled his sentimentality, and began to work his thoughts.

And as if having found that demeanor of Rom-jii’s reliable, Felt smacked her cheeks with both her hands,

Felt: [Alright, time for orders, as requested. ――Let’s do this, you bastards!!]

Everyone: [YEAHHHHHH――!!]

Receiving Felt’s invigorating command, voices began to rise, with those of Rachins and Gaston being the first.

Facing a Sin Archbishop and the Black Serpent, foes truly worthy of being called threats to the world, whilst feeling proud of his comrades who roused their spirits instead of faltering, Rom-jii also smacked his cheeks with his hands.

Roy: [A~h――]

Indeed, basking in the gazes of hostility directed towards him, Roy embraced his own body,

Roy: [――It’s irresisti~ble. ――Everyone, all of you, to the greatest- level- possible-, love you-!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never hold the hand of another.

△▼△▼△▼△

Harboring the aegis of delight, want to eat.

Harboring the aegis of gratitude, want to eat.

Harboring the aegis of affection, want to eat.

Bearing not rage, not sorrow, not fear, not animus, not diffidence, not repugnance, not hatred, not begrudgement, not grief, not scorn, not disdain, not malediction, not acrimony, want to eat.

――From the deepest depths of his heart, all of those present here did Roy Alphard of Bizarre Eating want to eat.

Roy: [But, there’s many obstacles to tha~t.]

Discarding his clothes, torn to shreds as they were, Roy bared his skin marred in wounds to the wind, licking his lips.

Requisitioning advantage on the misfire of Eclipsing, Ram and company’s hospitality had dealt him enormous damage, so the equanimity Roy was purporting to show was, in reality, equanimity of which he was bereft. He was reutilizing his copious volumes of blood through the magic of the Bloodweeping Oni, and the Witchbeasts and creatures of the forest that had perished due to the Black Serpent’s befoulment as rainbow-hued butterflies with the power of the Lord of Phantasmal Rainbows, but from Roy bearing the effects of Aldebaran’s curse mark, even the freedom to abscond from the battlefield was lost.

But then again, even should that not hold true, in the face of those treating him to such a feast, the option to run did not so much as even pass through the mind of Roy of Bizarre Eating.

Roy: [We’re different from Ley of Gourmet after a~ll.]

With myriads of likes and dislikes, Ley, who would be fastidious about the persons to be eaten, tended to be particular about the situation as well.

Befittingly, he would utilize desertion or postponement if necessary as a substitution for spice, but Roy was different. To not be fastidious, meant his appetite craved all persons equivalently.

Videlicet, Roy Alphard wanted to devour every last person in this world.

Thus, to abscond would be outrageous. Should he ever become unable to meet somebody again after meeting them once, no number of aprons doused in drools of vexing regret would likely ever suffice.

Roy: [For us who are like that~, this preliminary preparation of ingredients is a bi~t troublesome you see~.]

Through both “Ram” and “Ram Mathers”, he had foundered on eating Ram .

The alteration of the true name was unmistakable. However, for no cues to match even in the newest Memories of someone close to her meant that there were an interminable number of candidates for the true name post-alteration―― and likely, it was possible that not just Ram, but everyone in the vanguard had arranged the same preliminary preparation of ingredients.

Roy: [Even the name of the Witch of Tristitia, Petra Leyte, who knows for how much can that be truste~d.]

Even her act of having pronounced it as her name loud and clear, now this appeared to be an extensive trap.

Bearing that in mind, in the present situation, that which was in scope for Roy to outstretch his hand and reach for was only to the extent of Felt, who was almost certainly Filóre Lugunica, but even that was not fully definite.

In the one in ten-thousand chance that attempting such on Felt were to end with a swinging and a miss, triggering the vomiting recoil of Eclipsing with a “ Blergh -”, then the opening Roy caused for himself would be taken advantage of and this time, with certitude, it would be the terminus.

Thus, with emotion of heartbreak, Roy made a determination verboten to Gluttony――,

Roy: [――Let’s put off eating, for now.]

At this very present moment, ascertaining the true names of these tasty treats in order to wolf every last one of them down would be impossible.

In order to clean them off the plate without leaving any scraps, what must be given foremost priority in this place was the stocking up of preserved foods. Providentially, the Black Serpent obeying Roy was the one head with that as its forte. ――To that end, he had idealized to manifest the Black Serpent at a spot with a greater multitude of people, but with that included, Felt’s decision to turn traitor was of an exquisitely unfavorable timing for Roy.

Roy: [But that’s precisely what-! Makes-! Eating-! Worth-! It-!]

The precipice of exsanguination, enormously damaged, hunger amongst hunger, the utmost sensation of starvation―― full force Bizarre Eating.

Joining his hands before his chest, he bulldozed the world from both ends of his field of vision to a convergence at its center.

Trees with roots entrenched deep were smashed, even the grounded earth trodden down in immense natural spontaneity got exhumed in the crossfire by the might of the Compactor, seeking to block the escape routes of the prey retreating back to safe turf.

Felt: [Gaston! Doltero!]

The two colossi sought to cease the fabrication of that firm wall of earth through brute force. The struggle only lasted for but a moment, the resistance towards the compaction rebounding to Roy’s closed hands, and forcing them to spread apart as fire billowed before his eyes.

Felt: [Rachins! Maid-neechan!]

The fireball of the sanpaku eyes coalesced with the wind brought forth by Ram, thus birthing a tornado of fire. Roy expended three of the whirl-dancing butterflies against it and countered it with a water spear of the Magia Manus Magister.

The butterflies that emerged from Mana leftover in carcasses exhibited destructive might despite being of simple chemical construct, but they were also capable of sequestrating magic as external tanks of Mana. For Roy, who wished to subsist the Flow Method in his dying body with his own Mana expense, they were automated reinforcements who would only be supplemented the more the Black Serpent slaughtered.

Felt: [Flam! Grassis!]

The tornado of fire and the iceberg collided, with his vision being engulfed by the consequent steam eruption.

Piercing through the world where the waxen white of the skies and the sable black of the grounds were repainted, the merciless sortie of the twins befell Roy, discounting his desire to take a breath.

Willfully devouring it with the sturdy skin of the Carnivorous Beast, he reciprocated the favor with a combined offensive onslaught, taking in his right hand the Fist King, and the Snow Vallum in his left, knocking off the twins together into the ground besmirched with befoulment.

But on the escarpment of the virulent foul tongue of blight swallowing the twins, a bone spear of the lunging Hungry Horse King collected the two, retrieving them from the span of lethality. Pulverizing the other bone spear, which had been thrust forth, alongside its arm through the song of the Blightlove Troubadour, the destitute fruits of battle made Roy’s stomach squirm with peristalses of starvation.

There――,

Roy: [ BIIIIG WAAAAAVE !]

In Roy’s immediate rear, the Black Serpent stretched its body high up into the sky and slowly, like a felled tree, flopped down ahead―― where all of its prey had assembled.

A single touch being the harbinger of end; the clod of impulses far too ruinous to be construed with a classification as tepid as murder, the Black Serpent conducted its hunt in a manner that, whilst admittedly lacking in creativity, could be crudely connoted as cursory, a congenital conqueror. By just scattering its mass would its opponents perish, thus it did not requisite greater astuteness.

That was what callously descended upon Felt and the others head-on――,

Felt: [――Live!] Everyone: [Strong――!!]

The roars that became one transfigured into strength, and the Black Serpent’s befoulment that would sleet down onto the ground was barged back.

The ones charged with physical labor exhumed the ground, the ones charged with magic reinforced that ground to act as a bulwark, the ones charged with techniques mortared it such that the Black Serpent would receive the blow, earning the singular second of the bulwark’s dissolution for them to retreat.

Every one of everyone, mobilized to the utmost with unfathomable harmony――,

Roy: [――――]

Resolute, intrepid, what gallantry.

Entering the visual percept of the Black Serpent scattering the menace of lethality, whilst combating Roy who transmutated the existences of formidable enemies (friends) fought so far into power, they who marched forward absent of dither possessed might that was inexplicable.

Roy: [Normally, you’d panic or be astonished or be shuddering or something, you kno~w!]

Chaos, fright, trepidation; their conduct elided over these appropriate impacts at which Roy vociferated.

Harmony greater than that between family or lovers, blended with resolution and grit resembling the apotheosis of aberrants. Unmistakable. They were finessed to completion. ――All of them together, were a singular, excessively extravagant platter.

The moment he contemplated so, before the lineup rich in variety and the abounding assortment of hues, his heart capered that none were the appetizer, the side dish, or the main course. All of them were equivalent, invaluable, deeply flavorful uniques.

As Roy’s eyes sparkled in such elation, Felt rolled through the plume of smoke and hoisted a middle finger at him. She flaunted her sharpened high canines,

Felt: [Don’t stand around drooling over yourself, you manic bastard!]

Roy: [You all are so exceedingly beloved that it’s impossible not to-!]

Towards Felt, who was acting as the nucleus and instructed directions of mobilization to her comrades, the affection exacerbated.

In the beginning he was indignant with rage for his plans being betrayed, but now he was thankful for her betrayal. To be served with hospitality so wonderful, this side must also return the favor or it would bring dishonor to the name Sin Archbishop.

Roy: [――――]

Upon glancing, he perceived the Black Serpent’s movements to be sluggish.

The Black Serpent was intrinsically a Witchbeast of ploddingly laggard movement that corroded the area, proliferating blight by befouling the ground leaving naught a crevice behind. As a hunter, its efficiency was by no means high. Being just one of its heads, it was unquestionably not operating at its normal condition, but even so, its movements being yet duller was due to――,

???: [Sit down, no~w… hk.]

Clinging to the Hungry Horse King with slender arms, Meili inhibited the Black Serpent’s movements with her quavering timbre.

Eyes bloodshot, she overexerted the Divine Protection she had been blessed with, and its recoil must have been bestowing upon her a sensation of her soul being seared, of her blood being smouldered.

Yet, her Divine Protection of Fiend Manipulation was interfering with even the Black Serpent, one of the Three Great Witchbeasts. ――Though in truth, the Black Serpent’s responses seemed slow even when taking that into account.

Roy: [After having gone so far-! Let us-! Compensate for that-! On this end~!]

Harboring the emotion to extol not the beleaguered Black Serpent but the beleaguering Meili, Roy joined his hands and jutted the ground upward, off of which the rainbow-hued butterflies blasted, scattering shrapnel of the befouling variety.

Befoulment of death that would eliminate upon touch. If the movements of the Black Serpent itself were slow, then all he must do was to take up charge for the task of spattering. Accruing two, three successive eruptions, a wide acreage was spritzed in black.

Roy: [Haha~, hahaha~, hahahaha~-!]

Naturally, being at the epicenter of the eruption, Roy’s life would also be in peril should he bathe in the befoul. Hence Roy coated himself in an armor of blood, braced to perfectly avoid basking in the spattering daub of befoulment.

Besides a select few exceptions, there was nobody capable of dodging rain. Furthermore, it was improbable for all members of the plates of treats to be such exceptions, thus the bombardment of the Black Serpent’s befoulment would ruthlessly lacquer the battlefield in black. There were limits to how much the prey could protect one another. Incapacitating Meili would be ideal, but――,

Roy: [Huh?]

A vacuous, doltish voice escaped Roy’s throat as he removed his faceguard of blood.

Before his sight, amidst the thickets felled to necrosis by the spattered daub of befoulment, was a gaping space that had eluded the blight―― therein were the forms of the treats assembled together, backs joined together, successfully safeguarding from the bombardment of death.

Roy: [Just no way.]

The insuperable scales of the kaleidoscope of rainbow-hued butterflies, were intercepted by the boisterous dance of the ground’s bombardment.

Roy: [There’s no way.]

The compaction which squashed his field of vision from edges to center, was curbed at its inception, thus thwarting its invocation.

Roy: [We’re saying there’s no way.]

His impediment, aiming to transpierce their eardrums through a strident song, was drowned out by the clangorous detonation kindled by gale and flame.

Roy: [There’s just no way, we’re telling you there’s no way, because there is no way-.]

Turning the Stomach of Souls inside out, wielding all within his grasp without restraint, using the might of the suprarational, with even the truth of their existences fostering terror having vanished, he had begotten successive cataclysms.

The Aldebusters, however, with Felt at the helm, responded to counter all of it with precision and optimum conduct, synchronously coordinating as though all of them together formed a singular organism.

――This was odd.

Roy: [――――]

Whilst repeating onslaughts which whittled the world and its common sense, without pause and unremitting, Roy was posed with a doubt.

No matter what, this was odd. It was certain that they were gallant. They placed trust in one another. Their purpose was one. They were superlative and adroit. They were strong.

――Even so, this was odd.

Humans were incapable of conduct optimized to this magnitude.

Yet notwithstanding, Felt and the others continued to play the utmost effective cards in their hand with the best possible timings against every possible kind of offensive.

Roy was acquainted with this sensation. Aldebaran, when he had fought him at the Prison Tower.

Upon unfastening the captive Roy’s seal, Aldebaran had battered Roy to demonstrate the difference in their strength. The inexplicability that had disabled his arms and legs alike, this was the same―― close, but different. That had ultimately only been the abnormal essence of Aldebaran standalone. However, this was an abnormal essence dwelling in every single enemy present.

――Something, was clearly wrong.

Roy: [――A~h, misjudged, haven’t we~?]

The unordinary that paralyzed common sense, the suprarational inexplicable through reason, the inscrutable that precluded debate.

These abnormal straits induced, his hungry stomach glutted with doubt, Roy arrived at an inordinately obvious truth and cursed himself.

Based on her authoritative commands, he had been set under the impression that the enemy’s nucleus had been Felt.

This guided direction of Roy’s rationale was also a part of their plan. The true person at the nucleus was not Felt, but the string-puller concealed behind her; with this conjecture, Roy shot a leer in that direction.

Just then, the string-puller blinked their eyes with an “Ah”――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never desire reconciliation with another.

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never rage on the behalf of another.

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never divulge secrets to another.

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never to display weakness to another.

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never watch the morning sun in the company of another.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Perhaps, you finally noticed?]

As she responded so, having Compressed all the thought processes of her allies present there, in addition to all the processes of discussion in order to share that information amongst themselves, the Witch of Tristitia closed a single eye and winked.

--- Chapter 46: The Witch of Tristitia ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never be picky about anything.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Witch of Tristitia, Petra Leyte.

To begin with, how had Petra ended up in a position to receive the Witch Factor of Tristitia?

The reason why the original proprietor, Clind, had been unable to take on the role, was because he had a duty that only he could fulfill―― because he was the one who had to subdue the Divine Dragon Volcanica.

And ultimately, anybody other than him could have served the role of proprietor just fine.

Naturally, there were some who would be less suited to utilizing the Authority of Tristitia than others, as well as those such as Emilia and Meili, who would serve as capable fighters even without it, and Rem, who had her own role to play, and thus were quickly excluded from candidacy. However, even after leaving out those girls, there were still plenty of candidates.

Hence, the greatest reason why the other final remaining candidates, Ram and Rom-jii, were set aside in favor of selecting Petra to hold the Witch Factor, was due to decisions based on more than just comprehensive fighting strength.

――Simply put, Petra had the topmost ability to wield the Authority.

Felt: [――About the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony… that Roy bastard, given that he insists on devouring everything he can get his hands on, the amount of moves he’s got to play can’t be anything ordinary. What are we gonna do?] / Flam: [Close-quarter, mid-range, and long-distance combat will all be troublesome to perform.] / Grassis: [Foul play. Like the young master.] / Rachins & Gaston: [If he’s the same as Reinhard then how the hell’s anyone supposed to win!?] / Rom: [Don’t’cha be kickin’ up such a loud racket! Grassis, don’t’cha be sayin’ such thoughtless things. It’ll only serve ta overwhelm ‘em.] / Ram: [Hah! You all are quite close. If you already feel like you’ve won, care to share that feeling with Ram?] / Rom: [This girl’s got quite the sharp tongue…] / Felt: [Though, I get what this maid-neechan is trying to say. What do we got?] / Rom: [We’ll keep up the fundamentals like this. The opponent indeed’s got cards ta play no matter the distance, but…] / Rachins & Gaston: [But?] / Rom: [No matter how many cards he’s got in his hand, he’s only got one head ta chose which of ‘em ta play. If we continue attackin’ in waves, he’ll inevitably end up playin’ the wrong card.] / Ram: [Even without that, the opponent’s wounds are deep. Once he gets impatient he will end up wanting to force a progression of the situation. Quite brilliant, Rom-sama.] / Felt: [Heh, my Rom-jii’s amazing, isn’t he?] / Flam: [Indeed, we will be counting on Rom-sama.] / Grassis: [Clap clap, Rom-sama.] / Rom: [We’re in the midst of puttin’ our lives on the line, for cryin’ out loud!] / Meili: [Sorry to interrupt while you’re all having fu~n, but there’s a lot I have to say to Hungry Horse King-chan and the o~thers, so it sort of feels like my head is about to split apa~rt, you know?] / Rachins & Gaston: [――Sorry!!]

With that, the contents of a war council, equivalent to if they had gathered face to face and had discussed earnestly, were Compressed to have happened in a single instant by Petra, exercising the Authority of Tristitia.

Having also accreted Compressions on the thought processes for all of them to conceive their best ideas, she had done so.

???: [If we can compress the distance and time for traversal, like Clind-san’s been doing, then it should also be possible to compress things like thinking time and discussion time… an essential component of such conceptual-type abilities, is that type of paradigm shift!]

Petra: [Since Clind-niisama had always continued to use it the same way, I guess he’s just way too blockheaded.]

While concentrating on the intricacies of operating the Authority, Petra bantered with the translucent Imaginary Subaru.

They were amidst combat. Ordinarily, one might be tempted to complain how distracting it was, but in the particular case of the current Petra, her exchanges with “Subaru” were proving to be a source of great relief.

The small box in which the Witch Factor of Tristitia was preserved―― concealing that which she had inherited from Clind in her breast pocket, Petra continued to experience first-hand the dreadful force of attraction brought about by this power.

Petra: [I probably shouldn’t be saying this, but the term “attraction” just fits way too perfectly.]

Likening the sensation to that of being irresistibly drawn in by “attraction”, Petra scolded herself.

Were she to let her mind relax for even a second, the Witch Factor would immediately tempt Petra with thoughts such as “You could try this” and “You could even try that”, attempting to remove an important shackle binding one to their humanity.

Without that or anything to hold onto, she felt like she would surrender to the sensation of being swallowed up as she shakily stared down over the edge of a great cliff, but――,

Petra: [But, that’s a no-go.]

The sensations of omnipotence, a sweet nectar intoxicating to the likes of man.

Witch Factors were prone to exploiting those weak hearts of humans. And yet, their way of going about it took the form of offering “Well how about this?” as a means to grant that which one desired most.

The more one treasured something, the more they harbored a wish they could not relinquish, the harder it would become to resist its allure.

Certainly, neither the Witch of Greed, nor the former Sin Archbishop of Sloth, Petelgeuse Romanée-Conti, had been exceptions.

Even Petra did not know what might have happened to her if she had lacked a means to sustain her sense of self.

However――,

“Subaru”: [Petra! Tonchin need a follow-up !]

Petra: [Kan-san’s on break, after all-! Leave it to me-!]

As that gallant, boyish voice struck the eardrums of her heart, Petra exercised her Authority―― as Rachins and Gaston agonized over how they ought to handle the onslaught of the brandishment of the blood scythes and the befouling downpour, she Compressed their processes of thought and communication, having them select the best course of action.

The pair immediately made a switch to dealing with the approaching assault; Gaston caught the sanguine scythe with his Flow Method, and Rachins unloaded a gatling volley of fireballs into the befoulment, magnificently tiding them over.

Seeing that, “Subaru” gave a thumbs up, and Petra also returned the gesture.

“Subaru”: [That’s it, Petra! Just like that! You’re so cool!]

Even if it was just an illusion and naught more, the way her beloved was smiling for her cheered her heart to high spirits.

This was it. Thanks to this, Petra could transcend her limits whilst remaining as Petra. ――Unlike the many who had been enthralled by Witch Factors throughout history, Petra was not alone.

That was what kept Petra from falling into corruption as the Witch of Tristitia.

After all――,

Petra: [I don’t want Subaru to hate me.]

If there were any who would laugh at that vanity, then laugh. Fingers ought to be pointed, and ridicule ought to be cast upon Petra.

If necessary, she could make as many excuses as she liked. This was a battle to save the world. She would rescue the many people who lived in the Kingdom from their unease. She had no choice but to protect the grand stage that was the Royal Selection. She was carrying everyone’s hopes upon herself, after all.

I have far more reasons than simply the excuses I’m making. Ram-neesama’s always eager to slack off on everything, but she’s fighting her hardest. Frederica-neesama’s staying back to attend to things, but she’s praying for me. Otto-san’s always acting way too recklessly. The fact that I’m moving in accordance with the Master’s expectations is truly unpleasant. I want to show off to Emilia-neesama and Rem-neesama. I’ll roar out like a tiger on Garf-san’s behalf too. Meili-chan, don’t make such a worried expression. Beatrice-chan, I’ll definitely save you so you mustn’t cry.

All of those were precious to her, and no doubt reasons why Petra was giving it her all, but the number one thing was different.

My number one, is you.

To you, I don’t want to show any part of me that’s uncool. I don’t want to show any part of me that’s pathetic. After all, when I find myself reflected in those eyes of yours, I don’t want your attention to drift away for even a second.

With your heart taken by a person who’s always glistening so brilliantly, if I need to present myself with a form that’s always so glisteningly radiant in order to get you to turn to me, then so be it.

That attraction has long since pulled me in.

Don’t call it anything like a Witch Factor. ――The entirety of my being, is made up of love and affection.

Petra: [That’s why, this is nothing.]

No matter how tempting the Witch Factor might be, Petra would never succumb.

So long as these feelings of love resided within her, then neither Gluttony nor the Black Serpent were dreadful in the slightest.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never cry for another.

△▼△▼△▼△

The latent might of the Aldebusters―― no, of the assemblage apt of being named as the Witch of Tristitia and her apostles, was something that far surpassed Roy’s anticipations and postulations.

Roy: [How nice, perhaps it is nice, very nice, surely it is nice, certainly it is nice, nothing but nice, as it is nice, because it can be called nice, because it can be praised as nice-! Gluttonous drinking-! Gluttony-!]

Penultimately, what the Witch of Tristitia was carrying out was unbeknownst to Roy.

He simply comprehended, with lucid precision, that she was countering the Authority of Gluttony, enacting the Authority which she possessed to its utmost and bestowing the means to survive upon the entire troupe of Felt and the rest.

Pertaining to the battle, Felt and the others had failed to bear fruits greater than their own abilities as well.

The maximum of their ability was constantly being drawn, poured into the best cup and being utilized, that was all. And what made this possible was the efficacy of the Authority of Tristitia.

However――,

Roy: [It’s not supposed to be something so~ convenient that it can be used as much as pleased, you see.]

As aforementioned, Roy had hearkened from his mother’s mouth the flaw present within the Witch Factor of Tristitia.

Witch Factors that could not be compatible with anyone, were supposed to be defective articles that, on one hand, granted the possessor tremendous might that interfered with the rules of the world, but demanded compensation to that end on the other.

That was to say, the seemingly flawless opposition of the Witch of Tristitia would eventually reach its limit. And the arrival of that limit, would likely be contingent on how much compensation she was willing to pay.

Roy: [We know we do kno~w, Petra-chan absolutely loves Natsuki-san after all.]

The Stomach of Souls―― upon following the newest Memories settled within the treasure house of all that Roy had eaten, he could earnestly feel the valorous sentiments of the Witch, newly born into this world, to be stabbing at his chest.

A young, immature girl, but a girl who shan’t hold her own life dear for the sake of her flaring love.

Upon being told of the necessity to use anything but life itself for firewood in order to regain something valuable that had been robbed, she would perhaps devote anything as fuel without falter.

And, in reality, that was what she was doing. ――However, the stockpile was not endless.

Roy: [The rest, is about which side gets consumed to exhaustion first.]

Just as the Witch of Tristitia had limits, Roy too possessed an allotted time of life.

The reason as to why he willfully did not heal his wounds, blood gushing profusely from them, was because he reworked even his flux of blood into an armament for fulfilling his own objective, employing it as a means to fight.

That sizable forfeiture of sanguine ichor, continued to keep alight the fuse of Roy Alphard’s life.

Indeed, this battle at present, had mounted upon the frontier of whether to eat, or to be eaten.

Roy: [Haha~.]

Exhaling a hot, feverish breath, Roy expressed gratitude to the hunger enlivening his soul.

Until now, as Bizarre Eating, Roy had messily eaten all kinds of articles haphazardly and indiscriminately. Eating them, licking them, coveting and indulging and devouring them, Eclipsing to spoil eleventy lives, Roy Alphard had done so in order to seek an article that would appease the hunger that he had borne since birth.

For that purpose, until he discovered the flavor of his wish, Roy scoured for a match all throughout the world―― resuming to subsist his eathos with this bearing of heart, he ate and felt dispiritedness, he ate and felt despondency, he ate and felt disappointment, no matter how much Eclipsing and Eclipsing to spoil he partook in, he was forevermore tyrannized by the sensation of starvation ever unappeased. [1]

In this heretofore eathos, was born a change.

Its progenitor――,

???: [Here, try it out n’ see. To eat me up, dependin’ on that ya live or ya die. C’mon, ya prick.]

Largely responsible was, within the Tower piercing the heavens in the midst of that sand sea, the proprietor of an overwhelming soul that drove him to distortion, nearly filling to bursting the vessel called Roy Alphard.

――Reid Astrea.

Coming into contact with the soul of the man christened as the first generation Sword Saint, enkindled a drastic reformation in Roy.

Naming himself Bizarre Eating, conscientiously and indefatigably devoting himself to his eathos through multitudes, Roy had been mourning in lament. ――That the hunger borne by the existence known as his self, would never come to be fulfilled, perhaps.

???: [That’s not really unique to you or anything such, though? This lovely lady as well as all the other rabble, everyone everyone every~one, is seeking love that won’t be appeased. How about this lovely lady assists you in finding that nameless something you want. In exchange, what this lovely lady wants is… you get it, right?]

Vocalizing so whilst laughing with a beguiling, sadistic smile, the monster stated itself to become Roy’s mother.

Neither did he trust to open his heart to her, nor did he depend upon her being, in avarice for a possibility Roy could not find by his self, he used his mother. It was probably likewise.

However, no matter how much he ate, no matter how he took a hand blemished with love, he failed to acquire that article which he wanted.

Ley searched for means to appease hunger by finding and picking out worth in each and every singular meal, Louis meanwhile had a definite, tangible prospect of the article she wanted in order to appease hunger, apparently.

Only Roy. Roy alone, did not have that. ――Which now, at last, had been discovered.

Reid: [It ain’t odd, ya prick. Eat or be eaten, that’s how life works, ain’t that so.]

Yes, that’s right. That’s precisely right.

What was wanted, was the real feeling of living. Just the reason to be able to say with a smile from the bottom of the heart, that he was alive.

Mother: [To pour this lovely lady’s entirety for the sake of something wanted, isn’t something like that plainly obvious?]

Yes, that’s right. That’s precisely right.

Even without affection, esteem, or anything at all, only that teaching of his mother’s was helplessly correct.

That was why――,

Roy: [Unless all possible moves all in their entirety, without hesitation and wholly altogether are sunk into i~t, it’s not called love, isn’t i~t!]

Because the opponents were kindly transcending their limits, his side must also respond in kind.

Should he humbly not finish eating the treats that had gone out of their way to be prepared, it would make the name of Gluttony weep.

Roy: [No~w no~w no~w, welcome yourselves to eating welcome yourselves to tasting-!]

Contrary to his limbs, benumbed to cold by the efflux of blood, the voltage of his heart had risen to a crescendo.

Transforming his exuding blood into thorned legs made in the image of those belonging to insects, Roy pulsated thrummingly, and in his backdrop, in concert, the Black Serpent speared into the heavens, becoming a pillar of befoulment, recommencing its hunt comprised of flopping onward with wholly one side.

Black Serpent: [――――]

Rumbling the wind as if thunder, the contagion relentlessly descended upon the flora.

Birthed thereupon was a seemingly undeflectable billow of toxicity, terribly blasphemous. It quite literally swallowed the battlefield in black, pressing to kill all things with murrain pestilence.

But――,

Felt: [Live――!]

Everyone: [――Strong!!]

The command and response akin to a fool’s single bit of knowledge, became an arrow of counterattack baled with composite strength.

Ram’s rend of wind tore the tidal waves of black, and a brigade of beasts with the Hungry Horse King obeying Meili at its vanguard breached an opening. Following up, the well-physiqued men including those newly summoned, lumped themselves together to convene―― the hammer swinging forth vehemently shattered the ground, successfully erecting a bulwark that protected against the blighting toxicity.

That was the stalwart might consequent of the convening of ones who would fail to compare by their individual strengths, a battle of a potpourri of raw effort that retaliated against the advancing fruition of surging death.

Roy: [Judging from the looks of things, Petra-chan’s Authority, is around the shortening of events ri~ght?]

Petra: [Blehh. Won’t tell.]

Roy: [That unfriendly reply is so tempti~ng!]

Amidst the Black Serpent’s befoulment downpouring like rain, ceasing not his onslaught, Roy bolted like a flash of lightning whilst clad in his armor of blood, switching between the odd talents, techniques, and deviances of different suprarational individuals in succession, and the force fist, the Magic, and the curse ballad layered atop one another to torrent upon the herd of prey.

But on every instance, they all immediately rearranged their formation, knit the physical with magical attacks and weaved together resistance―― who guarded what was unintelligible now. Merely the truth that all of them accepted the offense, and all of them countered it would keep on rewriting the battlefield.

――Even in midst of this battle’s escalations, Roy darted his eyes about in inspection of the prey.

The Witch of Tristitia’s Authority being Shortening more or less was unmistaken. It thus reduced the time and distance for movement and was probably also dealing with the time for thought process and judgment.

Its evidence was how the apostles of the Witch of Tristitia, consecutively accreting appearances and disappearances in the battlefield, would grapple with sudden situations without any perplexity, including those participating in the war for the first time―― no, by Shortening the perplexity part of it, they were prepared to be capable of immediately participating in the confronting situation.

Roy: [But how much longer will even that la~st!]

Their grappling resilience and sprightly morale purchased admiration, but both sides were likewise close to limit. Although if Roy were to have one step of an advantage, it was the menace of the Black Serpent he had kept in reserve behind him―― even should the Witch of Tristitia and company vanquish Roy, they then must grapple with this atrocious, fiendish Witchbeast.

That was to say, they could not exhaust all of their strength against Roy as their opponent. And to their circumstance of expending not the entirety of their might, lest it deplete, adding a further pinch of seasoning to the platter――,

Roy: [――Now’s the time to not shoot for the stars, but to shoot for the Eclipse, you see~-!!]

The Black Serpent’s ginormous frame once again speared the heavens, the befoulment on standby to torrentially downpour. Preparing for it, the Witch of Tristitia and company simultaneously stood guard, towards which he disgorged the Memories.

This was――,

Roy: [――『Eclipse Binaries』.]

Neither Solar Eclipse nor Lunar Eclipse, Roy Alphard’s novel and original table manners did he let cascade.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never wish upon a star with another.

△▼△▼△▼△

In that moment, what surged onto the battlefield was merely one part of the horde of Memories, multitudes that were apt to be called simple food, that Roy Alphard had eaten until now but failed to find and pick out worth in them to remember.

Following his experience at the Pleiades Watchtower, Bizarre Eating had revised oneself’s own cognizance of eathos.

Gratitude unto all ingredients, reverence unto all trysts of fate. ――There was no such thing as a foul ingredient in this world. It simply meant that his self was the proprietor of a foolish tongue that failed to recognize their goodness.

Take a venomous fish for example. Should the fish’s organs which store venom be adequately disposed of, it would become possible to surfeit a delicacy superior to consuming venom.

The same applied to the prey from Gluttony’s vantage. In this universe, there was no such ingredient, from the head to the rear, that was entirely useless, that lacked all worth of being tasted.

Any and every kind of ingredient had portions that were usable. ――Thus, he used such.

Roy: [――Memories of Agony.]

Over the course of an ordinary life, plausibly everyone would possess a memory or two of having suffered unbearable pain.

These multitudes of Memories of Agony, Roy extracted them from the Stomach of Souls he had stockpiled, blended them together, and hurled them toward the battlefield before his eyes. ――This was not something visible to the eye. Consequently, there were no ways to evade it, either. Its identity: a blasphemous deed of forcing an abstract concept onto the opponents.

Most of all, pelting opponents with Memories of Agony would not produce immediate results. They were literal Memories that the body bore no recollection of, so even upon being pelted by them, there lay no margin for the herd of prey to taste those agonies.

Then, what would transpire? ――It would merely incite a chain of remembrance of Memories in close proximity.

???: [――ah.]

At first, a faint voice leaked from inside the troupe.

They had until now roared with voices of intrepidity, worn valor and resolution on their visages, and anchored in themselves the mettle to confront every obstacle head-on, truly worthy of being called heroic warriors.

From those lips leaked a timbre, neither a warcry nor a call of each other’s names, but a shrill note.

???: [AA, aa, AA, aaAaA—― hk!!]

And upon its onset, the leak persisted ceaselessly.

They dilated their eyes, opened their mouths wide, and placed their hands on parts that became the unsought founts of screaming, screeching helplessly as though spouting blood.

Moreover, this was not one lone individual. Everyone present in that locus began to scream.

Everyone: [――――Hk!!]

The synthesis of Memories of Agony that Roy had hurled impelled the bodies to remember agony within proximity that had been tasted before, for those who were within range of that abstract concept, as though it was a thing of the present moment.

Agony that had been tasted once in the past could be endured. ――Nay, this rationale was erroneous. Agony that was unbearable in the past was unbearable yet in the present, and yet so in the future.

Everyone: [Gagh――]

It was a voice unbecoming to be voiced, a cacophony uproared in succession by Felt, by Ram, by Rom-jii, by Meili, by Flam, by Grassis, by Gaston, by Rachins, by Doltero, by the apostles summoned to the battlefield by the might of the Authority of Tristitia.

Nobody could brave it. And the one to screech the shrillest wail, above and beyond――,

???: [――Petra!!]

Was none other than Petra Leyte, her eyebrows spasming upward, compelled to taste and even relish the concourse of agonies that had chaperoned Natsuki Subaru to Death.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never rendezvous with another.

△▼△▼△▼△

“Subaru”: [――Petra!!]

Hearing the frantic outcry of the Imaginary Subaru, the fact that it seemed like he did not have to experience any of this pain, given that he was a phantom watching her, served as a relief to Petra―― ’twas not so.

It had been unable to serve as such. Any possible leeway for that existed not within Petra Leyte, tasting in the torment of Death.

Petra: [―― agh .]

A hoarse breath, spilled forth. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts it hurts it hurts. It hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts――.

Petra: [―― igh .]

Lacerated abdomen hurts. Crushed eyeball hurts. Stabbed chest hurts. Misfortune wrought by passing malice hurts. Finger cut by poor knife skills hurts. Skin fissures from kitchen work hurts. Head caved in without warning hurts. Body tortured alongside sound of chains hurts. Throat gouged by wind hurts. Jumping off and crashing onto pointy rocks hurts. Body and mind after vicious beating hurts. Hands and legs after putting on airs and being taken easy on when disciplined hurts. Frozen and shattered fingers, ankles hurts. Licked eyeball feels disgusting and hurts. Wrists freed from handcuffs frozen and broken hurts. Falling to knees on ground completely congealed, everything creaked and hurts. Body shoved away by a perturbed Otto hurts. Unsightliness trying to escape the White Whale after that hurts. Soul amidst being frozen in zenith cold hurts. Thread of life running amok to convince an assisted suicide hurts. Chest assailed for the sake of assisted suicide hurts. Heart grabbed upon confessing Return by Death hurts. Being grabbed by tenacious pursuit of the Authority of Sloth hurts. Stabbing own throat for fear of losing Rem hurts. Abdomen disemboweled for the first time in months hurts. Entire body struck by debris, arms mangled up, finally body being devoured from inside hurts. Toyed with by ferocious beast, entire body bitten to shreds again hurts. Finally, stabbing own throat again, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts it hurts it hurts.

Petra: [―― ugh .]

“Subaru”: [Petra! Petra! That’s no good, don’t give in, Petra!!]

The entirety of the mind was dominated by pain. Even though the inside of the body, the inside of the mind, the inside of the heart, were all supposed to be filled to the brim with ■■■, the pain eclipsed everything entirely.

From the top of the head to the tips of the toes, there was no place within the body that was not feeling pain. All throughout this being, the entirety of what shaped the self transformed into pain, in order to make the self experience pain, by constructing the pain, the pain pained, and the paining painpainpainpainpainpainpainpainpainpainpainpainpaininininin――.

Petra: [―― egh .]

Vision stained bright red, their own incredibly noisy voice seemed to ring like tinnitus, a sharp scent of blood deep in the nose, drool spilling from within the mouth with the taste of death, the shock causing an unbearable level of goosebumps on all the skin of the body.

Once again, the torment of ■■■・■■■ that had failed to truly be understood by merely having read the Book of the Dead, was clearly steeped into ■■■・■■■ as well. Through that pain, ■■■・■■■ gained a painful understanding of ■■■・■■■, in the truest, most literal sense.

As the pain blotted over both the inside and outside of ■■■・■■■ entirely, deep down, a painful understanding.

Petra: [―― ogh .]

A painful understanding, that the entirety of pain endured, was linked to ■■■・■■■’s, to Na■■・■ba■’s, to Na■ki・Suba■’s―― to Natsuki Subaru’s memories of repentance accompanied by sublime feelings of loss.

Petra: [――――]

It had hurt. Letting Emilia die. It had hurt. Letting Felt die. It had hurt. Letting Rom-jii die. It had hurt. Letting Rem die. It had hurt. Letting everyone in Arlam Village die. It had hurt. Letting Ram die. It had hurt. Letting Frederica die. It had hurt. Letting Petra die. It had hurt. Letting Beatrice die. It had hurt. Letting Otto die. It had hurt. Letting Roswaal die. It had hurt. Letting Ryuzu die. It had hurt. Letting Garfiel die. It had hurt. It had hurt. It had hurt. ――Utmost vexation.

Petra: [Vexing.]

It hurts. It hurts it hurts. It hurts it hurts it hurts. It hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts. ――Why was that?

Petra: [Don’t want to lose.]

Even if it hurt, even if it was painful, it was far better than sorrow and vexation.

Love everyone, so will not give up on anyone. Love you, who loving everyone, would not give up on anyone, so will not give up on you.

Hence――,

Petra: [――Just who, do you think I am?]

■■■・■■■ was, ■■ra・■y■ was, Pe■ra・■yte was―― Petra Leyte was a bundle of potential, rich with talent and quick to learn, harboring great promise, with a bright future ahead of her.

That person, those people, all believed that about Petra. ――Then, she would do so.

Petra: [Can do it.]

It ought to be possible for you, Petra Leyte.

I won’t let everyone who told me that I could do it become liars, after all.

Or perhaps, were they all just liars who believed in a weak, pitiful Petra who could not do anything?

Petra: [There’s no way, it could be that.]

It’s possible. It ought to be possible. If it’s possible, then stop being all talk and do it. Do it. Just do it. You can do it. Do it now. Do it right this instant. NOW! Come on, do it, do it―― JUST DO IT!!

Petra: [Compression… no.]

By means of the power of the Authority of Tristitia, Compression would be invoked.

Just as distance, traversal time, thinking time, and discussion time had all been Compressed, right now, on the dreadful instant that had befallen Petra and the rest, Compression would be invoked.

Pain, oh what a dreadful thing it was.

Even a slight amount of pain would cause one to get teary-eyed; when it turned to a matter of pain that was a bit sharper, one would become unable to sleep at night; when it came to having an abundance of dull pains, it might very well have sway over the rest of one’s life to follow.

Be it slight, sharp, or dull, the time in which pain was experienced, would always feel long and drawn out.

On the time that would make a second feel like ten, an hour feel like twelve, and a day feel like an eternity, Compression would be invoked.

Petra: [Everyone, get ready to grit your teeth.]

“Subaru”: [Hk, it’ll be over in a second, but it’ll hurt a hundred times more ――!! ]

That it might be ten-thousand times more, he did not tell her.

Regardless if he did, regardless if her heart was ready for it, the fact of her doing it would not have changed, after all.

Petra: [――『 Compress Agony 』.]

The power of the Witch of Tristitia, ascended to a brand new stage, was unveiled.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never lament parting with another.

△▼△▼△▼△

Roy: [――――]

The new art he had debuted erupted unerringly, fissuring the flawless coordination of the herd of prey.

Whilst his ears hearkened the wind’s rumble as the Black Serpent’s body flopped forward, contrived with befoulment abound with toxic blight, a varicolored pandemonium of screams, screeches, and wails reached him from the other side.

All of it seemed so aching, so agonizing that if Roy had been conferred the time, he would have wept through the whole night thinking of them the utmost, then inscribed those feelings into verses of poetry, and set them adrift atop a river.

Time for that he had not, however. Neither did he have the erudition to compose poetry, so it would not have been of any decent makings.

But, it was the truth that he thought of them with compassion. He bore no begrudgement toward them. Nothing akin to hatred either. Not even an intermixed blend of love and hate, all he felt was nothing but, simply, love.

Who would ever want to see anything such as the figures of their loved articles wailing in agony? That would be nothing more than spice for when their lives were surfeited. Spice was not staple food. To set it as the main dish was the deed of an aberrant.

Roy: [We… will not commit such a terrible act, you know.]

In the wake of Eclipse Binaries, which sparked a chain reaction of Memories of Agony, the herd of prey’s ability to mobilize had been ruptured. [2]

All that remained was the downpour of the Black Serpent’s befoulment―― this particular head was charged with representing Elder’s Blight, so it would not go so far as to rob them of their lives. It would occlude their thinking and mobility, restraining them on the precipice of mortality in perpetuum. Should that happen, the rest would be like a wine cellar. Until the time of drinking when their true names were brought to light arrived, he shall await their time of ripening and fermentation.

He had heard that the precipice where they would be restrained offered no refuge, anguish and darkness lasted unceasing, but in the end, the pain and affliction they shall taste would settle within Roy and vanish, so it was fine. Tasting such bitterness, licking it to finish, and surfeiting himself with it too was yet eathos.

Roy: [A~h, even though they can’t be eaten immediately, looking at ripened fruits is so――]

Painful , as he about uttered so, Roy’s words were interrupted.

There was no counterattack. If anything, it was the opposite. The herd of prey bellowed a bitter, chest-stabbing screech on a higher order of magnitude in both intensity and volume. They held a sonorousness that could understandably be perceived as death wails.

Roy widened his eyes for a moment, but it progressively indicated the success of his plan――,

Felt: [――LiiAAARGH! LIVEEE!!]

Everyone: [STROOooNG――!!]

The subsequent instant, fathomless response and unity defied the inevitable demise that should have swallowed the herd of prey.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never walk into the sunset with another.

△▼△▼△▼△

That instant, a sensation as if all the skin on her body being peeled off, followed by Reinhard scrubbing her flayed body with a metal brush steeped in ample amounts of salt water, assailed Felt as a hellish pain.

Felt: [ eeUGHh …]

For the first time in her life, the pain she experienced was so intense that it felt like her insides were twisting themselves inside out. A paralysis crept through the corner of her mind, and she even hallucinated a sensation of her blood flowing backwards in her veins.

Exactly what had just happened, she did not know. ――No, she understood. Petra had done something.

Felt: [That pipsqueak’s quite impressive…]

And so, Felt quietly praised the strenuous efforts of the girl, who was nearly the same height as her.

From the discussions that had been squeezed tight with absurd momentum up until this point, she knew that Petra had coordinated brilliantly with Rom-jii to establish the Combined Forces. This was an incredible feat. After all, Rom-jii was the wisest and most reliable man in the world, so Petra must have been nothing short of a genius.

And, that genius had done something beyond imagination, in order to land a crushing blow on the something that the opponent had done.

Felt: [Even still, you’ve really got some damn terrible luck, you know that?]

Cheeks contorting as she spoke, Felt caught sight of a small shadow in the corner of her eye―― Camberley.

Unlike Gaston, who had been in the fight since the beginning, or Rachins, who had joined the fray midway through, Camberley had made his grand entrance at the most critical moment. ――But at that exact instant, the unimaginable pain had been unleashed upon them, so calling it terrible luck would have been a gross understatement.

However――,

Felt: [――You’ve got terrible luck, but you’re the best.]

With tears streaming from the corners of his eyes, that which Camberley had carried here in his hands, was now snatched away by Felt. ――Something of a trump card of their Camp: the Star Staff.

She would fire it. With every fiber of her being, every ounce of strength she could scrape together, Felt would give it everything she had.

All that remained――,

Felt: [Is finding an opening to fire it!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never tread upon the shadow of one who walks beside me.

△▼△▼△▼△

Felt: [――LiiAAARGH! LIVEEE!!]

Everyone: [STROOooNG――!!]

An exclamation that rendered imperceivable which exactly was the warcry of a Witchbeast, the roar pulsated, and the Black Serpent’s body, analogous to a thousand calamities baled together, was jostled backward by the shock wave immediately below it.

Raging across the battlefield with a vehement torrent of light and dark, the heaven-rending impact broiled Roy’s entire body with astonishment.

What had occurred? What did they do? ――All of it, he questioned not.

Roy: [Petra-cha~n-!]

With only the identity of who did it certain, Roy Alphard reached zenith.

It was an amazing thing to accomplish. Ovation and a round of applause. Becoming one with the multitudes of the crowds of Memories within Roy, he must bid them thunderous applause.

Just how much sacrifice of oneself would it take, to make the Witch Factor of Tristitia do that.

By any measure of imagination or surmise, the ordinary, average kind of happiness in all of its forms would have to be parted with, or it would not be possible to materialize this battlefield, this close of a skirmish, this extent of outrageous insolence, would it.

――Want to become happy.

That was bound to be the unconditionally imperishable, fixed and indivisible wish, as a human being.

It was bound to be an unconditionally absolute prayer, no different even for Roy―― no, even for Ley and even for Louis, even for the Sin Archbishops, even for evildoers and even for criminals.

Living and continue to live, for that purpose. But, lest it be parted with, this battlefield shall not――.

Roy: [――――]

Pupils bedewed with delight, drying them with a single blink of his eyelids, Roy looked upon Felt who had snatched a white staff from the hands of her comrade.

Since the dwarf, who did not seem to be any war potential for the most part, had gone out of his way to bring it here at this eleventh hour, unmistakably meant that it was a special, secret weapon.

In other words――,

Roy: [If that won’t do then will you start cry~ing!?]

Rainbow-hued butterflies danced, spears of fire and ice rained, titanic scythes of blood from multifarious directions were fired, a pressure that crushed everything not from left to right but from the rear to the front precipitated, and a soprano befitting of a young boy cursedly resonated in song.

Rom: [Protect Felt!!]

Wind sundered the butterflies altogether, magic bullets of ice and fire shattered the spears of fire and ice, burly muscles intercepted the titanic scythe of blood through lacerations received, a momentary twin impact perforated the ground, surging from the rear to the front, and the enormous builds of the aged man and the pigman shielded against the curse ballad that disintegrated flesh and blood.

Roy: [Magnifice~nt! Bu~t――]

His wavelike onslaught blocked by the bastion of coordination, Roy however did not lose heart.

Invoking the Teleport he had restrained from utilizing until now, Roy’s silhouette appeared at the heart of Felt’s troupe in the blink of an eye, his aim being Felt―― naught, instead,

Roy: [The two over here are also pivotal, ri~ght?]

Within the personnel braced to intercept, he aimed for the spines of the two bereft of energy to stand up.

The Witch of Tristitia and Witchbeast Master, both of them war potential essential for the opposing contingent to rival Gluttony and the Black Serpent in battle, and nobody’s hand shall timely reach Roy who stood right behind them.

Licking his lips, Roy hosted the Fist King in his right hand and the Snow Vallum in his left, and with tender kindness――,

――That moment, Meili’s hair wriggled and crawled, and a corona was shot through Roy’s left eye.

Roy: [Kyau-!?]

Impaled by a sensation of scorching heat, the left side of Roy’s perception vanished. Just what was this, Roy bared his remnant eye and in his vision entered the virtuoso that had crushed his left eye―― a little scorpion lurking in concealment within Meili’s hair was reflected therein.

A being unknown to him. A trump card absent in Memories, a face down card, viva fight to the finish.

Roy: [Even a tiny ally like that――]

Is gallantly devoting its might , was how he was to resume, but did not.

Hastier than that, the ground upon which Roy’s legs were braced double-crossed him, rocketing him into the sky without omen.

Roy: [――――]

Magic, it was not. Nowhere could the wavelength of Mana be perceived.

Then, was it the Witch of Tristitia once more? ――Nay, not even she fostered eyes on the back of her head.

What had transpired was an eminence protruding from the ground. With nary an omen or prior signal, did that burgeon.

???: [――Good grief, my amazin’ self’s comrades’re way too damn reliable.]

That which had beat upon his eardrums all too suddenly was a sharp voice, an exceedingly common recollection in his Memories.

By the soles of their feet did they achieve concert with the earth, such that during the intervals whilst they were planted firm upon the ground, steeled that person would become as though an iron keep, unfellable to all who sought its conquest; precisely because of being so dependable, the bark of their timbre ought not to have been heard.

Whirling up into the air, stretched out amidst Roy’s vision upside-down was the earthy landscape where the Witchbeast of Pestilence writhed, and thereupon would he set it to wreak havoc.

Unlike before, a distance had now emerged between it and Roy. Albeit his armor of blood was beginning to shed, were the befoulment to be spattered out like a shower of rain, the herd of prey would have to divert their efforts towards countering that.

???: [Sit down!!]

For but a moment, the Black Serpent’s movements were thrown into disarray by the weeping outcry.

But, the duration of its stoppage amounted not to even the blink of an eye. Even if it had been deprived of that interval, that would never amount to Roy’s machinations falling out of―― that instant, the serpentine form of the Witchbeast, whilst seeking to reach skyward as though a spire piercing the heavens, ruptured.

Rupturing, its befoulment spilled out from within, and onto that besmirched ground did a lone silhouette tumble down.

???: [Pwahhk-, ghehough, gahoggahhk-…]

Roy: [You’re kiddi~ng.]

Violently coughing, the red-haired man who had fallen into a pool of the most abhorrent befoulment in this world, delivered unto Roy an impact that could not be explained by simple tenacity or a pathetic adhesion to life, leaving him lost for words.

For what reason, was he alive? The question, and the appetite welling up, made Roy’s stomach growl unwittingly.

???: [Yo, look th’ fuck over here.]

With an effortless leap, the golden-haired boy caught up to the airborne Roy, and gnashing his sharp fangs, he raised aloft one of his fists clad in silver gauntlets in a grandiose hoist.

Should those smite him, the half-killed status Roy would be left in would strip him of standing any chance.

Despite knowing it would only amount to stalling for a few moments and naught more, from his choices of withdrawing to refuge, Roy sought to follow suit of the odd talent of the Leaper and invoked Lunar Eclipse,

Roy: [Bgh.]

――Zodda bugs cannoned into him from the blind spot on his left, disrupting his focus.

Roy: [――――]

Upon allowing his line of sight to be lured by the irksome buzz and abhorrent texture, laying ahead, tens of meters distant were trees onto which a light blue ground dragon had been latched, and with his body entrusted to it, was the silhouette of a man supposed to be hollowed empty.

The man pointed his finger in this direction, and upon noticing their gazes cross, smiled. Transmitting to him, “You have been bested”.

The subsequent juncture, the wind howled, and a fist bedizened with wind pressure blitzed straight towards Roy.

It was awfully slow, seeming like it would take some time before it reached―― when he noticed.

Roy: [This, is Petra-chan’s doing, is that what it means?]

Petra: [Yes. Thought I’d properly say it at the end. That it serves you right.]

Feet stationed atop the ground, the Witch of Tristitia proclaimed triumph to Roy in the time that she protracted.

There no longer seemed to be anything that Roy could do, pertaining to that. Also, the fist strike of the ravenous, raging tiger had drawn imminent to about a distance the size of five coins away from him.

In the time until that direct hit, what was there that he could do? He ruminated, and it occurred to him.

Roy: [It’s an amazingly, amazingly big deal, Petra-chan. But you kno~w, weren’t the sacrifices you made to win just too big?]

Petra: [Making excuses like a sore loser? Nobody’s been taken down on our side. Just so pathetic for a Sin Archbishop.]

Roy: [With the Witch of Tristitia as the opponent, would lose face. But, what’s called a sacrifice doesn’t apply to lives alone. The future, the hopes, the possibilities, it’s those kinds of things. We are worried from the bottom of our heart that Petra-chan’s long, long life hereon out will become so lonely, you see~.]

Four coins away.

At the very least, to dredge out the compensations albeit her wish to hide them, and engrave oneself into her through that agony.

Such was Roy’s unscrupulous eathos, to which Petra fluttered her eyes and put on a puzzled face. It could not be, surely she had not paid them without realizing, whilst these thoughts dwelled, this reaction was――,

Petra: [――Could it be, you’re misunderstanding?]

Roy: [Misunderstanding?]

Petra: [That’s strange. I’d thought Otto-san would likely say something like it. ――That this time, the entire world is your enemy, that sorta thing.]

Roy: [――――]

Three coins away.

He had not been told so, firsthand. However, such ardor was extant in Memories.

Considering Aldebaran’s deeds and the devastation he perpetrated, this cognizance could be called just and legitimate. However, that ought to be something with no greater or lesser purport.

Roy: [It can’t be…]

Petra: [It is.]

Two coins away.

Within the confines of the sensation of protraction, it was impracticable to commit an act so extravagant as gulping a breath, but in the throat of his heart Roy gulped a breath of his heart, and looked at she who smiled as it befit a Witch, tenderly.

The young girl supposed to be incompatible with the Witch Factor, however, was beyond question the Witch of Tristitia.

After all――,

Petra: [The Witch Factor of Tristitia, can be used by anyone should they pay compensation, and if the compensations are properly harmonized, anyone can act as the agent. ――So, it’s being paid together with everyone in the Royal Capital.]

Roy: [――――]

Petra: [Well then, I’ll say it one more time. ――Serves you right.]

One coin away.

After all, unbeknownst to Roy was any being who had abused the Witch Factor of Tristitia to this degree.

If this were not the Witch of Tristitia, then what could it possibly be.

Roy: [――A~h, thank you for the treat-.]

Zero coins away. ――Gorgeous Tiger’s thunderbolt exploded.

Roy: [――――]

It mercilessly shattered into Roy’s countenance, knocking it down toward the ground where the Black Serpent writhed. His petite frame plunged right towards the core of the befoulment―― just before that.

Felt: [――Fire!!]

Felt roared, and the staff scintillating in her grip fired a corona that washed the world with its paint of alabaster white.

It altered into a smite of judgment, without err and escape forbidden, swallowing ones who were auxiliaries of malefaction and atrocity.

――So was the denouement, of the eathos of Bizarre Eating.

Translation Notes:

[1] “Eathos” is a wordplay on ‘eat’ and ‘ethos’, to reflect the author’s wordplay of altering 生活 (way of life/ethos) into 食活 (replacing the ‘life’ component of the word with 食, indicating ‘eating’ or ‘food’). It is not an existing term in Japanese but the author’s creative discretion. We interpret this as being to both Roy’s general way of living his life, as well as the entirety of the life he has lived, not truly “living”, but rather, a life entirely defined through “eating”.

[2] “Eclipse Binaries” (蝕連星 – ‘shokurensei’, lit. Eclipse Binary Stars ) may also be a nod to the Pleiades (六連星 – ‘rokurensei’).

--- Chapter 47: “Voice” ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――When I opened my eyes, I realized I had no idea who I was whatsoever.

???: [――――]

Where this place is; when the present time is; who I am; what is happening; I do not have the slightest idea.

I cannot see. I cannot hear. I cannot move my hands, or my legs. My feet are not on the ground. I cannot breathe properly either, and I am in extraordinary discomfort―― and yet, I can sense “Voices”.

???: [――――]

Even though my senses of sight, smell, touch, taste, and, most of all, sound, are blocked off, there are “Voices”.

Many, plentiful, innumerable “Voices” showering down upon me, unable to do a thing, as if I am a powerless baby thrown into the cradle of hell.

???: [――――]

Ceaselessly, bereft of intent, the tempest of “Voices” continue to pummel me.

Just as a baby would be defenselessly struck by the rain, I am being drowned in “Voices”. At this rate, I think I would prefer to just drown and die like this――,

???: [――Laddie! Laddie, are you alright!? You’re going to be rescued now!]

――. ――――. A loud “Voice”, it rings in my head.

Amidst the numerous, countless “Voices”, it is a voice that feels clearly directed towards me. I cannot do anything. But still, I can understand. ――The powerful “Voice”, directed towards myself.

Hence――,

???: [――Ottobro, grit yer teeth now.]

Hearing that “Voice”, a feeling of suspension arrives along with a terribly violent sound―― a sound that is not a “Voice” vibrates my eardrums and restores the means for my tightly sealed eyes to take in light; and so, I am finally able to face the owners of the “Voices”, those who have directed their “Voices” towards me.

???: [Really fuckin’ sorry that it took me so long to get here. Everythin’, it’s my amazin’ self’s fault.] ???: [Really fuckin’ sorry that it took me so long to get here. Everythin’, it’s my amazin’ self’s fault.]

???: [What are you saying, Garf-san! If Garf-san and everyone else hadn’t come, Laddie would still be strung up even now… Ah, Laddie, Laddie! Do you understand what I’m saying!?] ???: [What are you saying, Garf-san! If Garf-san and everyone else hadn’t come, Laddie would still be strung up even now… Ah, Laddie, Laddie! Do you understand what I’m saying!?]

Present there is a golden-haired boy, alongside a large ground dragon with a pale blue hide. The “Voices” that I feel are overlapping with the voices that I hear, but there is no doubt about it.

The ground dragon is nestling close to me as I sit on the ground, and the boy is forcefully grabbing at my shoulders.

Boy: [Ya don’t understand anythin’ right now, aye? But, that’s aight. We’ll get it back with everyone else. Everythin’ my amazin’ self’s lackin’ for, everyone’s gonna lend their hands…!!] Boy: [Ya don’t understand anythin’ right now, aye? But, that’s aight. We’ll get it back with everyone else. Everythin’ my amazin’ self’s lackin’ for, everyone’s gonna lend their hands…!!]

???: [――――]

Boy: [‘N so, Ottobro, ya just sit tight here ‘n…] Boy: [‘N so, Ottobro, ya just sit tight here ‘n…]

Rest assured; I think he wanted to say that.

It seems like the boy before my eyes knows my empty self, and is trying to do something about it. In all likelihood, he knows the reason why I am empty.

I want to know, I want to ask him about it. Naturally, I feel inclined to do so.

I do, but――,

???: [――Might there be anything, that I could possibly do?] ???: [――Might there be anything, that I could possibly do?]

The “Voice” that spilled from my mouth, I do not know whether or not it actually formed as a proper voice. Only, seeing that both the boy and the ground dragon were widening their eyes, I could tell that my words had been conveyed.

To be honest, I do not understand anything. I do not, but, there is just one thing I can say. ――I am grateful that they rescued me from that cradle of hell.

Above all――,

???: [――When you guys speak to me with such earnest voices, of course I will want to respond accordingly.] ???: [――When you guys speak to me with such earnest voices, of course I will want to respond accordingly.]

Boy & Ground Dragon: [Ah, that’s…] Boy & Ground Dragon: [Ah, that’s…]

Hearing my words, the boy and the ground dragon open their eyes wide, and as their breaths and “Voices” sync up, they speak.

Ground Dragon: [――Just like you, Laddie.] Ground Dragon: [――Just like you, Laddie.]

Boy: [Just like ya, Ottobro.] Boy: [Just like ya, Ottobro.]

At those “Voices”, I begin thinking of myself before I became empty, a smile coming over my face.

――Directed towards whoever did this to me, it was a smile as if to say “you have been bested”.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Hiyah!!]

Delivered alongside the loud carillon of a silver bell, was a powerful kick in contrast to its lightness.

Gripping the handle of her Morningstar, Rem bore witness to that satisfactory outcome of her efforts.

Using magically crafted footholds of ice as practical disturbances, she had drawn the attention of the opponents upwards, successfully supporting Emilia.

Of course, if it had been possible, she would have preferred victory to have been decided through the affectionate iron ball that Subaru had continued to polish, but she must not be too greedy. Subaru had also taken things step by step with Rem in the Empire. If Subaru had been impatient, and instead had pressed Rem with everything being about “Me, me, me”――,

Rem: [Back then, it might not have just been his fingers, but his arms and legs that would have gotten broken as well.]

Now that her Memories had returned, even just the thought that she would ever enact such violence unto Subaru was enough to make her faint, but Rem herself recognized that it was entirely possible for her to have done so, given her state of mind at the time.

Hence, it was important to do everything step by step, in the proper order. It was the same with cooking. Even though she was relatively proficient at cooking, Rem had a bad habit of disregarding that principle when it came to anything else.

And, when it came to bad habits, she had another――,

Rem: [――Must not jump to conclusions!]

The reason why she would always quickly be convinced that something was settled, and thus relax her efforts, was due to a lack of imagination.

The one who had preached to Rem that ceasing one’s thoughts was wrong had also taught her, when she had been bereft of Memories, how to determine her heart: Priscilla. ――Even if she was gone, her teachings yet lived on. And so long as those teachings kept Rem alive, they would remain so.

That was why――,

Emilia: [――Hk, you’re joking!?]

When Emilia raised a voice of astonishment, Rem had not ceased her thoughts.

Directly below, Emilia rose up to deliver a kick within the blind spot of Al and his shinobi , and her ice-clad foot ought to have struck him with spine-shattering force.

But, Al had protected against that. ――Covering himself and his partner with a box of stone, he had done so.

Rem: [That’s what Rom-sama was talking about――]

The efficacy of “Turning Back Time”, Rem had judged it to be so.

For a split-second defensive maneuver, that which covered his entire body had been far too flawless. In order to use magic, what was required was a mental image of the effects, and the construction of the technique. If either was lacking, magic would not take form, and the more complex the endeavor being attempted, the longer it would take to conceive a mental image of its effect.

That which Al had performed, was borne of a mental image far too certain in regards to a surprise attack from his blind spot.

Rem: [――――]

Even though she understood the principle behind it in her head, Rem once again bit down on the inside of her cheek upon witnessing that cheat technique.

To begin with, Al’s Authority had already proved it was capable of sidestepping even Reinhard. Even if they continued to attack like this, would he not just continue to evade everything? Such negative thoughts were――,

Emilia: [――Rem!!]

Just as she began spiraling into negative thoughts, Emilia’s holler snapped her out of it.

Across the rocky box that had emerged mid-air, Emilia and Rem crossed gazes. Unlike Rem, who was overwhelmed by the threat of the Authority, a powerful glint was housed within Emilia’s amethyst eyes. That gave her heart.

Rem: [――――]

As strength flaringly returned to her own eyes, the invigoration of her horn by way of her Oni form swelled Rem’s entire body with vitality.

Plummeting through the sky, thirty seconds had already elapsed since the battle had commenced―― what allowed for that to be accurately measured, were the marks engraved into the large rock visible far to their rear.

An enormous fissure in the land that existed within the Kararagi City-States, the Agzadd Canyon, had a difference in elevation of five thousand meters from the surface to the deepest part of the valley, and the time it took to descend all the way was around a hundred seconds. Markings had been engraved beforehand along the rock face for intervals of every ten seconds, and they were currently passing the third―― seventy seconds remained until they hit the bottom.

Emilia: [We’re still――!!] Rem: [――Just getting started!!]

Emilia and Rem’s voices overlapping, they resumed combat with renewed morale and an upsurge of strength.

Rem greatly bent her body, and Emilia, spinning around, produced mallets of ice in both her hands. In that moment, the Morningstar was fired like a cannonball, and the ice hammers were unleashed on both sides whilst clad in a powerful wind, pulverizing the stone box that Al and his accomplice had enclosed themselves in―― fragments of stone scattered alongside a thunderous crash, and the enemies, split up between the top and bottom, fiercely commenced their attacks unto Rem and Emilia.

Al headed for Emilia, and for Rem, came the red-haired shinobi ――,

Rem: [――No, you’re also…]

Shinobi: [Indeed, I’m Al-sama’s helpful all-purpose maid, Yae-chan.]

Rem: [That’s Rem’s designation in regards to Subaru-kun!]

Putting a halt on the statement of the not- shinobi red-haired maid―― no, of the woman who called herself Yae, Rem pulled back her iron ball with her right hand, and moved to slam her mighty left arm into Yae as she flew towards her.

But, Yae stopped mid-air through some unnatural braking mechanism, and evaded it.

At a glance, she sent a thread from her backhand to connect to Al, using exquisite tension and flexibility to halt her movement, before a shimmer shot from her other hand towards Rem’s neck.

Rem: [――Huma.]

Intuiting the incoming threat, Rem’s spinal reflex guarded her vitals by forming a collar of ice. As soon as the thread attached itself to the collar, she removed her head from it, avoiding decapitation. ――Just as Rem survived through quick judgment, she veered the rising iron ball towards targeting Yae’s back, the latter having raised her eyebrows slightly.

However, as the iron ball approached Yae from behind, she evaded precisely as if she had eyes on the back of her head; as Rem expressed astonishment whilst catching the iron ball that had barely missed on its return path, Yae stuck out her tongue,

Yae: [It’s reflected in your eyes, y’know?]

Momentarily enraged by that provocation, Rem accepted a scolding from the Katya in her heart. Nodding in agreement with the imaginary Katya as she clamored like a cat “Idiot, that’s exactly what your opponent wants!”, Rem praised the talents of an enemy capable of utilizing what was reflected in their opponent’s eyes,

Rem: [In that case, kindly strain those eyes well!]

With those words, she took the retrieved iron ball of her Morningstar, and covered it in layers, and layers, and layers of ice, doubling, and doubling, and doubling its mass, and hurled down a lump of ice around ten meters in diameter.

Yae: [Maybe my provocation was a little too effective!?]

The roaring iceberg slayed all wind in its approach, and as Yae, her voice quavering, furiously waved her hands around, she chiseled, notched, and carved away at the Morning-iceblock-star, fragmenting its mass over, and over, and over again to stop it.

Ultimately, stripped naked from the ice, all that remained was the bare iron ball, and as it hurtled right at her chest, she caught it with a web of threads, dispersing the impact as it forcefully shot her downwards.

What awaited her down there――,

Emilia: [This time! Unlike the Royal Capital! I won’t let you! Get away!] Al: [Though normally! If you! Do that! I’d just end up! Running off with the win!]

As Emilia and Al clashed against each other, they traded blows in the form of both weapons and words. In their vicinities, each had floating armaments of ice and stone respectively, and they both continued to promptly grab any of the weapons next to them, wielding them with no concern for their surroundings as they bashed them against each other.

Emilia: [Yah! Terya! Hiyah! Uya! Torya! Tei-tei-tei-tei-tei!]

Contrary to her cute war cries, Emilia’s offense did not leave any room for breathers. However, for all the swords, spears, and axes that rained down upon Al, he parried with his own axes, spears, and swords, and continued to pull through.

As Emilia utilized acrobatic movements to enact her incessant offensive, Al met her every blow with weapons at the shortest distance possible, successfully defending against it. Likely, that was also the effect of “Turning Back Time”. Once an attack landed, he would return to before it landed, and then place his weapon over the spot it had landed. ――Rinse and repeat.

Yae: [――Al-sama!]

After being spiked down by Rem, Yae arrived at the scene of that back-and-forth combat. Realizing that she had blundered by temporarily creating a two-on-one situation, Rem too attempted to increase her falling speed by using a foothold―― nay,

Rem: [Emilia-sama!]

Instead of catching up herself, Rem passed instantaneous judgment and tinkered with the angle of the iron ball she had sent down there.

Although Yae had dispersed its impact, the iron ball still plummeted with her at a constant speed, and as if carrying Subaru’s spirit, who had polished it, it flew towards Emilia to aid her in her predicament. Then, just before a joint attack from Al and Yae could strike her, Emilia was caught by the chains.

Rem: [UrrrrYAHHHHhhhh!!]

Using the foothold she had made a moment prior, not to launch herself off of, but to brace herself, she fished Emilia up with the chains that had caught her―― as Emilia was lifted up between Al and Yae just as they were about to reconvene, the two factions regrouped into divisions of upper sky and lower sky.

Emilia: [Thank you! You’re reaaally strong!]

Rem: [You’re welcome! The feeling is mutual!]

Grabbing the hand of Emilia, who had been elevated to the same position, Rem was impressed by the enemy’s strength.

Originally, Rem and Emilia were supposed to be responsible solely for Al, so Yae’s participation here was incredibly troublesome. Not only did she divide their forces, she was also incredibly skilled herself. Moreover, being together with Al was not just an addition to her strength, it served as multiplication.

Rem: [Indeed, just like myself and that person…]

Emilia: [Eh? Just now, did you say something about Subaru?]

Rem: [Apologies, that is a matter for after this is finished!]

Responding so to the wide-eyed Emilia, Rem ascertained that they were passing another marking on the rock face―― that sixty seconds remained until they landed at the bottom, and firmly grit her teeth.

Her thoughts from just earlier were correct. Yae was formidable, and made even stronger when Al was with her. In order to do something about that――,

Rem: [Split them up. Emilia-sama!]

Emilia: [Yes! Do it with me!]

Holding hands, they raised up their opposite hands, Emilia’s empty and Rem’s with a weapon, directing them towards the pair directly below,

Emilia: [Al――] Rem: [――Huma!!]

As the two types of Huma intermingled, ice began to appear in the air whilst a creaking sound perforated the atmosphere―― of course, were they to simply attack by hurling pebbles, it would only be a repeat of failures up to this point. So, to prevent that from happening, rather than focusing on how the ice came out, they plotted where it would emerge.

Yae: [――Hk.]

Al: [Tch.]

Obstructed by the expanding ice, the sound of tongue-clicking within that helmet was inaudible. Yet, judging from the results alone, there was no doubt that he had indeed clicked his tongue.

The mass of ice produced by Rem and Emilia―― a thin, level sheet of ice was wedged between Al and Yae, one below, the other above, thus preventing their reconvergence. While maintaining the sturdiness of the ice sheet, it had been stretched to a disk of around thirty meters in diameter; it would have been a herculean task for them to get through it and reunite while falling, and furthermore, since it had been made flat, the threads could not carve through it either.

Yae: [Al-sa――]

Al: [――Yae, hold out for a bit.]

Facing each other across the ice sheet, Al ordered Yae from below. What sort of state of mind Yae had arrived at after receiving that was something Rem understood quite distinctly.

Rem was participating in this battle for the sake of Subaru, and so, for the same reason Yae was――,

Rem: [When someone precious puts their hopes in you, it sets you alight with motivation.]

Yae: [You’re wrong.]

With a curt response to Rem’s understanding, Yae folded her knees and spun her body, going barefoot.

The enormity of the ice sheet resulted in significantly more air resistance, bringing their falling speed to a limit. As Yae landed atop that ice, Rem and Emilia were perched to her front and back, as if pincering her.

Barefoot as she was, each of Yae’s ten white toes were equipped with a ring――,

Yae: [――Once again, magic is quite troublesome~. I’m grateful to the teachings of the village elder.]

Rem: [Thank you so very much for the praise. My mentor was quite an outstanding personage, after all.]

Emilia: [Same for me. I was always being told “You’re learning so quickly, Lia”.]

Yae: [That’s the same way they raised me at the village, so you must also be quite the genius, Emilia-sama.]

With a bitter smile and a shrug, Yae glanced between Emilia and Rem before prefacing with “So, you see”,

Yae: [The fact that I’m even here means that y’all’s plans have failed… Vol-sama will come rushing over here before long, so why don’t we omit the futile exchanges and just have you two surrender?]

Emilia: [Mm-mm, we can’t do that. Sure, it was quite the surprise that you were together with him, but…]

Rem: [Rem and Emilia-sama aren’t playing around either. Besides, if you are counting on the Divine Dragon-sama, it won’t be coming. ――Our lord is the one serving as its opponent, after all.]

Yae: […This is against the Divine Dragon, y’know? Aren’t you expecting a bit too much?]

Emilia: [So, are you not expecting anything from Al?]

As Yae inclined her head, it seemed as if Emilia’s question had pierced her directly. Holding her breath with a “Mph”, Yae then released it, straining her white fingers and toes as she readied herself.

Rem retracted her iron ball to her hands, and Emilia gripped beautiful twin blades of ice. Glancing down at the sheet of ice, the distance with Al, subject to lesser air resistance as he was, continued to widen rapidly.

After all, Al was having Yae buy time for him.

Rem: [Emilia-sama, Al-san is…]

Emilia: [Yes, I know. We reaaally have to hurry.]

Reaching an understanding in just a short exchange, Rem harbored an out-of-place sentimentality.

She had never conceived of being so in sync with Emilia like this before. ――Such was her sentimentality.

Setting aside Rem’s inner feelings, the trio atop the ice silently roused their fighting spirits――,

Yae: [――Crimson Sakura, Yae Tenzen.]

Emilia: [――The Witch of Glaciation, Emilia.] Rem: [――The Hero’s Confidant, Rem.]

Finishing their introductions, Rem and Emilia immediately charged toward Yae across the ice.

As Yae bent her knees and ducked down, twenty dancing threads shot from her appendages, and while those clashed against chains and magic, Rem, in order to reach Al below the ice, challenged the one blocking the path, the Crimson Sakura.

Rem: [Yahhhhh!!]

Howling a battlecry, Rem was not bluffing or putting up a strong front; she wholeheartedly believed.

That Ram and their allies, who were taking on Gluttony and other foes, as well as Roswaal and Clind, who were dealing with the ultimate threat of the Divine Dragon, would all fulfill their respective duties.

For that purpose, right now, she would defeat Yae, who stood before her, and reach Al. Passing another marking, there now remained fifty seconds until they reached the floor of the Agzadd Canyon――,

――As he plummeted below, Al trained his gaze upon that beautifully tempestuous clash atop the ice,

Al: [I don’t think you’ll lose, but… don’t forget, Alter . After all, there’s something I need you to do no matter what.]

That voice, whispered only within his own mouth, never reached those atop the ice.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Aldebaran, who had betrayed the sun, and his henchmen.

The battle against the scoundrels who were fully capable of pulling the trigger on the world’s collapse, the bouts against Gluttony in the mountains and Aldebaran at the Agzadd Canyon, both transitioned to their next stages.

Naturally, the same applied to the third bout, forecasted to be the most rigorous.

By the Authority of the Witch of Tristitia, newly born into this world, the battlefield had shifted to a rocky region where collateral damage was of no concern; there, the one extolled as the guardian of the Kingdom, the Divine Dragon Volcanica―― the usurper who had bent that almighty dragonhusk to their will, now faced confrontation by its rightful dragonkin.

It was a battle in which all fighters were concealing tremendous power, further ravaging the rocky wasteland that was already naught more than sand and stone, into a place where nobody would ever dare set foot.

Unmistakably, those had been the scars of war forecasted for such a battle against the Divine Dragon.

However――,

???: [―― Ugh .]

Vision blurred, consciousness hazy, ringing in the ears transcending noisiness to end up as silence. Limbs bereft of strength, unsure if both were properly still attached to the body.

Each frail breath brought pain akin to being struck by a flash of lightning from head to toe; likely a sign that fractured bones were tearing up the insides of the body all throughout.

Thinking to that extent, they realized that they had collapsed face down on the hard rocky ground.

???: [――!]

Upon realizing one thing about their current state, other realizations quickly followed.

Evidenced by the ground’s violent tremors, the sensation of the sky bursting asunder, and the faint shift in the scent of the atmosphere, the environment had undergone a tremendous upheaval, so not long had passed since they had collapsed to the ground. A minute? Thirty seconds?

???: [Five seconds, Master. Report.]

They were bestowed with an exact answer to their question, however, they lacked the leeway to even curve their lips into a wry smile.

The other party had not expected a response, either―― nay, it was simply that they were not in a position where they could afford to be placing expectations. The tremors of the ground, the bursting of the sky, and the upheaval of the atmosphere; all were caused by that tactful other party and their opponent.

The battle between Dragon and dragonkin ravaged the world as though it were a natural cataclysm, reshaping it through feats of strength. ――Off to the side of that battle, not merely half-dead, but rather nine-tenths dead, they laid collapsed.

???: [――――]

No longer, could they even hear voices properly.

――The life of Roswaal L. Mathers, flickered like a candle flame before the wind.

--- Chapter 48: The Ultimate Lifeform ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Roswaal and Clind-san say they can do it. So, why not let them handle it?]

At the tactical briefing, whilst the Aldebusters were deliberating over who should confront the Divine Dragon Volcanica, it was Emilia’s remark that ultimately served as the decisive blow.

Emilia’s decision to entrust the battlefield to them without demanding a detailed explanation was not reckless impulsiveness, it was rooted in genuine trust; and for that, Roswaal felt both admiration and gratitude toward her.

The situation was what it was. Even if his long-planned schemes were to be somewhat derailed, Roswaal was at least half-prepared for the moment he would have to reveal Clind’s origins. ――That was, the identity of the Divine Dragon’s dragonkin.

Roswaal: [But if we’re going to talk about that, it would inevitably involve touching upon the matter of our Contract as well.]

Naturally, Roswaal knew very well whose dragonkin Clind really was, welcoming him into the Mathers household as a servant regardless. Of course, this was not due to his exceptional abilities as a steward, but rather, because he believed his presence would prove to be useful.

The long cherished desire that Roswaal must fulfill no matter what―― he believed Clind to be indispensable to that purpose.

Clind: [Even if you were to reveal it, I doubt it would change any of their stances. Advice.]

As Roswaal kept trying to remain quiet on this matter, Clind, as one in the know, made such a proposal.

There was no reason to stubbornly deny him. In fact, Roswaal shared his view. Even if Roswaal’s circumstances were to be revealed it would likely not change the attitudes of Emilia or the rest of the Camp.

Still, Roswaal’s inability to reveal any details was simply in his nature.

Roswaal could not face others without placing himself in a superior position. He had to grasp their intentions, seize their weaknesses, and if necessary, he even wished to take hostages to secure his advantage.

The numerous years in which he could not afford failure had molded Roswaal into a cautious, even cowardly, villain.

That was why, even though Roswaal knew that Subaru, Emilia, and the others were terribly kind-hearted, he simply could not bring himself to reveal his true intentions to them.

Roswaal: [I don’t believe that will be a hindrance, thooough~.]

The key was not to reveal everything, but to prove oneself capable where it counted.

In this regard, Roswaal was proud to say that he did not lag behind his comrades. In fact, precisely because he carried the guilt of hiding his true intentions, he felt compelled to deliver results.

Roswaal: […Feeling guilt? Me, the Witch’s disciple of all people?]

Though he recognized such doubts within himself, Roswaal shelved them for later.

In any case, without revealing Clind’s circumstances, Roswaal found himself headed toward the same battlefield as him―― and toward a fight against the enemy who had stolen the dragonhusk of the Divine Dragon.

And so――,

Roswaal: [Let’s take this opportunity to put them to the test. ――That is, all my diligent studies, in order to slay the Dragon.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――In that battle, there had been no such trial runs.

Removing his monocle, Clind arrayed himself in surging bolts of violet lightning―― from his cranium protruded two black horns, and casting off the long-worn mask of the versatile steward, he became naught but a lone dragonkin.

As soon as he took a single step forward, flashes of lightning were birthed at the soles of his feet, and the initial velocity of his explosive leap emitted a cacophony that tore through the air.

Clind: [――――]

Rupturing the atmosphere, each step upon the ground quaked the world as if it were cannonfire.

Propelled by fulminations of violet lightning, Clind charged directly towards the majestic figure hovering in the aether. ――The Divine Dragon Volcanica spread its valiant dragonwings whilst carrying the sun upon its back, thrusting forth its gaping jaw.

Volcanica: [――――Haahraan!]

In that instant, a ray of white heat coalesced from the unleashed breath, seizing Clind head-on.

The Dragon’s breath was a torrent of pure Mana, raw power that had not been bestowed with directionality through magic. Even so, just as drops of water, harmless on their own, could amass into a flood capable of washing away nations, Mana charged with overwhelming vigor could easily tear apart the realm of reality――,

Clind: [――Your address at curtain’s rise is bereft of all artistry. Crude.]

Swinging his hand down like a blade performing a bamboo-splitting strike, Clind severed the white light that had been fired with might capable of leveling a city. [1]

The breath was split clean down the middle, and passed straight behind him as if it was trying to avoid a direct hit. In exchange, the scorched ground was upheaved, rock fragments were pulverized until they turned to sand, before being melted all down into viscous streams of red lava.

Leaving all of that in his wake, Clind pressed forward, his body leaping high up as he drew ever closer to the Dragon amidst heavenly skies.

Volcanica: [Tch, you impudent little shit!]

The roaring Dragon gyrated its body, delivering a swing of its thick, tenacious tail. Striking the wind dead, the tail whip revolved relentlessly, and leaving no place to run, it seized Clind head-on―― roaring thunder crackled.

Purple lightning of a noticeably stronger degree illuminated the sky, and a moment later, it was the Dragon’s tail that had found itself repelled.

The principle mirrored his earlier ground-kick acceleration: a shock wave generated by the eruption of the violet bolts surging around his body. Whilst airborne, Clind had triggered that phenomenon at his feet, using the impact as a foothold; then, by fulminating lightning through his shoulder, elbow, and down to his fist, he repelled the Dragon’s tail with an unbelievably powerful punch.

And frighteningly, that purple lightning was――,

Clind: [Bear with me for a little while longer. Inexhaustible.]

As if ignoring the fine weather of those cloudless, clear skies, those surging flashes of lightning were discharged ad nauseam.

Volcanica: [OHHHHHHHHHH――!!!]

Raising its voice in anger, the Dragon beat its wings and swiveled through the air. In the surroundings of that Dragon, Clind dashed about freely, accelerating with each eruption of indigo lightning.

As before, eruptions of purple lightning at the soles of his feet kept Clind airborne, bestowing the wingless dragonkin the right to maneuver through the sky as he pleased. Of course, the diligent dragonkin was not merely enjoying a leisurely stroll through the air, and he did not forget to unleash ferocious offensives against the Dragon.

Clind: [――――]

Evading the dragonclaws by a hair’s breadth as they swung at him, he drove a lightning-clad strike into the face of the opponent with whom he harbored far too great a difference in both stature and reach, and thereupon did he unleash the apotheosis of all thunderbolts. This assault, layered with the twofold preparations of strike and fulmination, was not performed merely once or twice; in the blink of an eye, it repeated ten, twenty times.

Volcanica: [Shit―― hk!]

Its dominance of the air space robbed by the overlapping eruptions of purple voltage, the Dragon spat that out and ascended to a higher altitude.

Possessing wings, it was the special right of the Divine Dragon to choose its battlefield not merely on the ground, where the wasteland stretched out as far as the eye could see, but even in the sky, covering three-hundred and sixty degrees in three-dimensional space.

However――,

???: [――Al Duet.]

――Ascending to a high altitude, the Divine Dragon’s head plunged right into an enormous mass of water, losing all sense of up and down.

Volcanica: [――Hk!?]

Exhaling a large air bubble out of astonishment, the Divine Dragon’s colossal body was swallowed by a sphere of water spanning over several dozen meters in diameter, created by focusing the moisture in the surroundings and the streams of water on the surface together at a single point.

As the water pressure began to creak, the Divine Dragon, held captive in its aquatic gaol, widened its golden eyes.

???: [To think you would forget about me and become so invigorated, how cooold~.]

Beneath the Dragon, Roswaal, who had imprisoned the Dragon in the water sphere, flashed a smile.

Licked by the tongues of the heat wave from the breath that Clind had initially severed, the surface of the ground had been transformed into glass of black luster, and standing atop it, Roswaal pointed to the sphere of water in the heavenly skies, and folded it in on itself.

“Duet” signified an instrumental duo, and so, this magic did not end at merely entrapping the opponent in the sphere of water. ――Immediately after, the water sphere in which the Dragon had been sealed began to froth with a scintillating heat, reaching a boiling point.

Thereupon, violet voltage flashed a degree yet stronger――,

Clind: [I shall now get a bit flashy. Roaring thunder.]

The thunderclap unleashed by Clind’s fist harmonized as it thrust into the water sphere. ――That instant, the voltage surged through the entirety of the mass of water, frying the water sphere itself, along with the Dragon, purple lightning scurrying through all its insides.

In the following moment, the heat and pressure both reached their limits―― the water sphere burst asunder in a thunderous overture.

The purple lightning, with nowhere else to go, cracked through the battlefield; the tempest of steam, capable of rivaling an eruption of flames, blew radially outward as a devastating blast; the water that had lasted through the incandescent heat poured down onto the land incessantly as if rain from clear skies.

Clind: [――――]

The vehement detonation that was induced harbored the power to wipe out a small village entirely, leaving nary a trace behind.

While it might have been assisted by a dragonkin, it was a level of destructive force impermissible for a lone magician to exhibit; and receiving the full brunt of it without restraint, even the Dragon would surely――,

Volcanica: [――Ahh, shit, I’ve cooled my head now.]

Tearing through the white steam with its dragonwings, the Divine Dragon grumbled those words amidst the locus of the epicenter in the sky. ――Indeed, it grumbled. If it had sustained any extent of injury, the grumble would have likely been a viler curse instead.

That was to say, the airborne Dragon was going strong. ――Nay, it was completely unscathed.

Roswaal: […Even though it was something we had known, it’s quite disheartening to bear witness to it firsthand, iiisn’t~ it?]

Gazing up at that feat of having survived unscathed from the ground, Roswaal closed a single eye whilst leaving the blue one open.

Even when subjected to such an extent of firepower, the Divine Dragon had not sustained even a sliver of damage. This was neither because Roswaal’s magic was trivial, nor was it because the Dragon had spontaneously devised the most optimal defensive maneuver. ――Though the latter was closer to the truth, reality was far more despairing and overwhelmingly unreasonable.

Clind: [Master, do not be dispirited. Encouragement.]

Beside Roswaal landed Clind, who had escaped the blast radius and dropped down.

Using purple lightning to dry off after soaking in the water sphere, Clind spoke with an unchanged tone and expression, but conveyed therein was a faint consideration founded in the long time they had known each other. ――During their long acquaintance, Clind had told him much about the Divine Dragon’s unreasonable absurdity.

Roswaal: [――As expected, the dragonscales and dragonhalo protecting the Heartstone are quite troooublesome~.]

At Clind’s failed attempt at an encouraging response, Roswaal vocalized proof that he had not lost his fighting spirit. ――The dragonscales and dragonhalo, those were the greatest reasons why the Divine Dragon Volcanica had come to be known as the most powerful existence in the world; the unreasonable absurdities that would need to be surmounted, no matter the cost.

Roswaal: [――――]

――The Cloud Dragon Mezoreia and the Blight Dragon Valgren; if one questioned where the differences between those two Dragons and the Divine Dragon Volcanica lay, the answer would be in the dragonscales and dragonhalo.

Mezoreia, still young, was yet underdeveloped as a Dragon; and Valgren, having lost the equilibrium of its mind following the death of its birthed dragonkin, had thus forfeited its future. Each of them had proved lacking in the cultivation of their dragonhusks, failing to forge the same two types of armor possessed by the Divine Dragon.

That was――,

Roswaal: [Dragonscales impervious to any physical attacks, and a dragonhalo that wards off all magical attacks.]

Clind: [Without conquering those two armors, the Heartstone of the Dragon will remain unreachable. Reaffirmation.]

Inducing a sense of despair, Clind’s words presented the greatest obstacle in conquering the Divine Dragon.

The overwhelming physical defense of the dragonscales, and the absurd magical defense of the dragonhalo; unless they stripped it of those two powerful safeguards, none of their attacks would be able to reach its weak point, the Heartstone.

It was not a matter of which; both were required. Unless they stripped it of both armors, neither would they be able to surpass the astounding regeneration of the Dragon’s Mana body, nor would they be able to render it incapable of combat.

Ergo, in order to defeat the Divine Dragon, experts in both hand-to-hand and magical combat were necessary.

But then again――,

Roswaal: [Even if its dragonhalo is still intact, it’s impressive how even that much firepower resulted in no damage , riiiight~?]

Clind: [It is not known as the most powerful Dragon in the world just for show. Sigh.]

Roswaal: [Was that not a bit of a proud sigh juuust~ now? However things may have ended up now, this opponent was originally yourself. If there are any weaknesses that only you are aware of, it’s fine for you to secretly tell me, you know?]

Clind: [There is. The Dragon Sword. Immediate response.]

Roswaal: [Rather to the point…]

The Dragon Sword, having been immediately given in response, was an Enchanted Sword that made it possible to cut things that could not be cut.

With the ability of the Dragon Sword, it would have certainly been possible to disregard the dragonscales and dragonhalo and launch an attack straight for the Heartstone. If the wielder felt so inclined, then even just hitting the Divine Dragon with the Dragon Sword might have dealt a notable amount of damage.

Of course, it was fruitless to discuss a weapon they did not have at hand, and it would not change the situation for the better.

Clind: [As a point of reference for the dragonscales, I will target the reverse scale on its neck. Old wound. As for the dragonhalo… I suppose it will depend on your strenuous efforts, Master. Expectation.]

Roswaal: [Aren’t you speaking to me a little too casually after my first trump card proved completely ineffective juuust~ now?]

Clind: [Is that so? ――Though, Echidna-sama would have been able to do it. Soliloquy.]

Roswaal: [――――]

As expected, the duration of their acquaintance went both ways.

Hearing that shameless extra comment from Clind, despite knowing that he was playing right into the former’s intentions, a flame was verily set alight in Roswaal’s heart.

Of course, even now Roswaal was not so conceited as to believe that he had reached the level of his mentor, but――,

Roswaal: [A disciple must never cast shame upon their Teacher, aaafter~ all.]

The karma of past lives that he needed to fulfill no matter what, and the deepest, most cherished wish he desired to fulfill; these breathed life into Roswaal’s scarred soul, granting strength to his eyes as they grappled with the challenge presented before them.

The history of magic was a helix of trial and error, and the same was true for the span of Roswaal’s lives.

Once one problem was solved, the subsequent problem would immediately stand in the way, and he would continue to struggle onward in order to find a solution. But, it was by solving all of those problems, that he had arrived at where he was today.

Just as he had done ever since he had lost his mentor, all by his lonesome.

Roswaal: [To begin with, there exists nobody who stands a greater chance than I.]

He would intentionally proclaim it himself. Without a doubt, Roswaal was the strongest magician of the present era.

There existed none who had a greater potential of overcoming the dragonhalo of the Divine Dragon Volcanica than Roswaal. ――No, even that infinitesimal possibility was something he had cultivated over these four hundred years.

In the field of magic, if there was a wall that needed to be surmounted no matter what, Roswaal, without fail, would find a way to surmount it. Anything less was an impossibility.

That was the vow Roswaal L. Mathers had taken, the path of thorns he had resolved to walk all by his lonesome.

That was why――,

Roswaal: [――With the entirety of my being, I shall vanquish this plight.]

Alongside his declaration of resolve, in order to break through to the untrodden domain of surmounting a dragonhalo, Roswaal once again began formulating techniques in the sky of a complexity that would scorch any ordinary mind to naught.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The position of “dragonkin” was one which Clind actually found to be quite troublesome.

In the first place, dragonkin were ultimately the forms taken by the next generation of Dragons and, strictly speaking, were not identical existences to their Dragon progenitors. Nevertheless, they inherited many of the memories, experiences, and emotions of their Dragons, harboring an amalgam within their minds that made it difficult to classify them as separate beings entirely.

Clind was no exception to that, and the influence from the days of Volcanica was markedly reflected in his current self’s way of being. ――To give an example, this could be seen in his strong envy towards unrealized potential.

Born as a member of the absolute race known as Dragons, Volcanica innately esteemed the unripeness within humans as radiant, as it meant they needed to grow and develop whilst they headed towards their goals, thus validating its own absolute way of being.

That disposition was carried forth into the present with him as a dragonkin, and now, unrealized beings who concealed within themselves great potential―― children, were something that Clind could not help but greatly revere, respect, esteem, love, and cherish.

That nature of Clind’s, carried over from his past life, so to speak, was something that Frederica and the like harbored an enormous misunderstanding about. Only, there was another matter concerning dragonkin that he wished to keep concealed from Frederica, so he deliberately refrained from clarifying that misunderstanding with her and those around her.

Clind: [While that may be the case, it is a tad vexing to be kept at a distance from Annerose-sama, Petra, Beatrice-sama, Meili, and Emilia-sama. Discontent.]

In any case, not limited solely to Clind, there existed an inextricable bond between Dragons and their dragonkin.

Given that a dragonkin’s development would spur on the growth of their Dragon, and that a dragonkin’s death would destroy the mind of their Dragon, that bond was evident―― in fact, if the need ever arose, a dragonkin could even house their own mind within the empty dragonhusk, wielding their rightful strength as a Dragon to their heart’s content.

Clind: [I have heard that in the Empire, Mezoreia and its dragonkin had done so. Interest.]

Though a long time had passed since Clind had become a dragonkin, his points of contact with other dragonkin were essentially nonexistent, so he thought it might be nice if he could one day exchange words with one who had newly been born into Vollachia, Madelyn.

That which she was said to have performed, the housing of one’s own soul into their dragonhusk, was an act which Clind had also performed many times in the past, returning to the Divine Dragon Volcanica in order to abide by the Covenant with the Kingdom of Lugunica.

Clind: [Albeit at present, governance of the dragonhusk has been seized through some unknown means. Foul play.]

In essence, all that was required for a dragonkin to house their soul within their Dragon, was the act of touching their dragonhusk. But for Clind, his soul’s first homecoming in approximately forty years had ended in failure, his dragonhusk remaining in the palm of the usurper.

Clind: [It is not as though I was without concerns, but… Regrettable.]

However mighty an existence the race known as Dragons was, the means to commandeer an empty vessel did not amount to zero.

In particular, an Evil Spirit whom Clind knew harbored the power to possess the bodies of others, and he had also discussed the possibility of such a power being capable of seizing a dragonhusk in private with his allies. ――Juice, it had been an awfully long time since he had seen the Evil Spirit who went by that name.

Clind: [There is no helping it now. Sentimentality.]

Regardless, Clind knew that it was possible for a Dragon to have its dragonhusk hijacked, and that in order to recover said dragonhusk, there was a need to strike its Heartstone. ――The problem was, it was the Divine Dragon’s dragonhusk that had been annexed, so its dragonscales and dragonhalo were obstructing the way to its Heartstone.

Clind: [I will deal with the dragonscales by piercing the reverse scale, so the Master must surmount the dragonhalo. Devotion.]

By way of the absolute defense belonging to the Divine Dragon, the Heartstone was protected behind its dragonscales and dragonhalo―― the feat of striking that, was the victory condition for this battlefield levied upon Clind and Roswaal.

Fortunately, there stood a prospect for breaking through those dragonscales. ――The old white scar carved into its neck at the culmination of its deadly clash against the Sword Saint, Reid Astrea, was the one and only opening in that absolute defense.

Clind: [The fact that in the end, that which has become our means of grasping victory is a blow dealt by that insolent fellow, how truly aggravating. Infuriation.]

That Dragon-meat-eating freak was always going “Gimme yer damn tail”, or “Lemme eat yer damn guts” and so forth, before ultimately staking his attempt to carve out its heart. Just what in the world had he thought of his traveling companion on their journey?

At the end of it all, they had clashed in an attempt to sever the other from the thread of life―― irrespective of the circumstances of the wound’s origin, there already existed a breach in the dragonscales.

Ergo, the path that would lead them to triumph, depended on whether or not Roswaal could surmount the palisade that was the dragonhalo.

Clind: [It is my duty to buy time for that purpose. Concentration.]

For four-hundred years, Roswaal had devoted himself to diligent studies. And now, he would be put to the test. ――Standing witness to that ordeal extreme to the utmost, Clind once again reproached his troublesome position of “dragonkin”.

After all, Clind could not help but find the dazzling blaze that was Roswaal’s life, having commenced as but a seedling of unripeness, as something that ought to be esteemed, beloved, and cherished.

Volcanica: [――――HAAHRAAN!!]

Harrowing the heavens, affrighting the lands, and imperiling the world, the roar of the Divine Dragon thundered far and wide.

The mighty voice incited quakes all throughout heaven and earth, rending the sky as its resonance took shape as a torrent that deluged Clind in his entirety. The bellow ravaged aught in its path, and swallowed by it, Clind’s body was also sundered, rupturing―― before that could transpire, a voluminous cloud of mist emerged, and plunging right into it whilst clad in violaceous teravolts, the roar of the heavens quite literally dispersed into the mist.

Fine particles of water created passageways for the sound, immensely dampening the ruinous shockwave.

Roswaal: [――Al Trio.]

Above Clind’s head as he bolted through the mist, honing in upon the Dragon were tricolored radiances.

Red, blue, and green; the triadic varieties of light achieved a brilliant harmony, and in that instant, the swelling of illumination scorched the sky. ――Wind and flame erupted on a scale of nigh a hundred meters, and the glacial inferno berserking through the storm enveloped the Dragon; hues and spectacle befitting the world’s end, painting the clear skies of the battlefield with the spitting image of hell.

Clind: [ Sh ―― hk!]

Into that hellscape, Clind thrust himself forth, galloping through the air with lightning by his side.

The world’s demise, the degradation of the battlefield’s sky to hell―― to survive even if it was a realm of such absolute death, was the mark of a powerful being who had lived in the age of the Witches that wielded their power as if to assert their very existences.

Volcanica: [―― Welcome !!]

Reigning over the sky, woven with a chaotic, incoherent blend of colors as it was, the Divine Dragon bellowed sonorously as it demonstrated its pristine condition.

Behind the Dragon whilst it spread its wings, suspended in the air were colossal arms of crag construction, numbering twelve in total; the sturdy fists ferociously burred as if a joyous gesture of welcoming, meeting Clind head-on.

Clind: [――Sealing Shackle: Unleash Second Stage.]

The moment before he crashed into the monolithic arms, Clind intensified the light emitted from the black horns on his head a stage further.

Purple lightning surging around his body, Clind temporarily attained a protection equivalent to that of the Dragon. Weaponizing that sturdiness, Clind wielded the entirety of his body as an indestructible armament capable of combatting the Divine Dragon’s onslaught.

A flash of roaring thunder, a detonation of purple voltage that caused the heavens to cry out, pulverized the rocky arms forged by the Dragon, actualizing a volley of blows between the two who possessed far too great a difference in stature.

Clind: [You fight with reckless abandon. Exceedingly unthinkable for a Dragon. Creative ingenuity.]

Volcanica: [We’re both far past the stage of choosing a clean way of winning, yeah? The recent trend of all my adversaries, is that they’re all damn strong guys who don’t hesitate to come at me with unfair methods, you know!?]

As he shattered, one, two, three colossal arms, Clind nodded in affirmation to that response.

He was not fond of self-praise, but as one might expect, the one most proficient, most capable of wielding the dragonhusk of the Divine Dragon Volcanica to its fullest strength, was undoubtedly Clind. No matter how powerful the receptacle was, if the contents did not match, its true potential would not be fully exhibited.

To make up for that which was lacking, the usurper did not draw forth the true value of the dragonhusk, but rather, explored many varieties of delicate tricks and techniques that the actual Dragon would have never attempted.

And the scope of those delicate tricks, arriving at a domain bereft of all charm, began to drive Clind into a corner.

Volcanica: [――Aghh.]

Unleashing a tempest of the twelve monolithic arms, its dragonclaws, and its tail, the Divine Dragon began to thunderously churn a maelstrom of light within the depths of its throat.

Kneaded in synchrony to that, was a torrent of flame and water being compressed in the Dragon’s oral cavity. Contrary to what common sense might dictate, the flame and water did not simply cancel each other out. Encasing a terrifying amount of heat and volume of water, with no place left for it to go, seeking an outlet to direct its power, erupting outward―― that instant, Clind induced a shockwave of purple lightning to his fore, launching himself backwards to extract himself from the Divine Dragon’s line of fire.

Clind: [――Kuhh!]

That was prevented by the colossal arms of stone that had stretched out to surround him. As the bouldering palms moved to clasp him, even as he attempted to blow them away through a boisterous dance of thundering bombardments――,

Volcanica: [――Get blasted away!]

――Following that, alongside the ear-piercing bellow, detonations began to erupt all across the battlefield, as if it was being hailed with strikes.

A wave of heat to scorch away aught that had been birthed, a wave of shock to rend away what was the very world, the onslaught of each granted Clind no method of escape, merely passing a surplus of divine punishment unto the fool who had dared to challenge the Dragon.

Clind: […Hk.]

Clenching down on his molars firmly, Clind rescinded the bulwark of purple lightning that had clad his entire body. Instead, he promptly discharged voltage through his black horns, generating the maximum output of purple lightning as a vallum that rivalled the dragonhalo. Even still, supposing the attack were to have been taken directly, not even Clind would have been able to escape a fatal wound.

Indeed, if he had taken the attack directly――.

Roswaal: [――Al Quartet.]

Vocalizing such, the one present to Clind’s rear, past the scorched, colossal arms of stone that had crumbled beyond recognition, was Roswaal, performing an incantation of great magic.

Having taken flight into the sky by means of aviation magic, Roswaal had joined the fray of aerial combat between Clind and the Divine Dragon, invoking four attributes simultaneously against those tremendous detonations, a feat that cancelled them out entirely.

Volcanica: [Oi oi, you’ve gotta be kidding me…]

Faced with that reality, it was no wonder that even the Divine Dragon spilled a voice of astonishment.

The attack from the usurper just now harbored a destructive power mighty enough to wipe an entire city off the map, leaving no trace behind. For that to have been offset by the measure of man, having fully protected Clind on top of that, was a level of precision light-years beyond anything that could have been considered ordinary.

If there had been even just a single, slight miscalculation, it would have instead bolstered the Divine Dragon’s attack, and quite possibly scorched both of them to ashes. It truly was a feat befitting divinity, threading the eye of a needle from a kilometer away.

Only, this could not be called a perfect victory.

Roswaal: […I’m, beeeat~.]

As such words feebly spilled out from Roswaal’s lips, in a state of delirium, he lost control and began to fall head-first.

Clind: [Master! Haste.]

Kicking off the air to catch up to the plummeting Roswaal, Clind gazed in wonder.

The mere aftershock of the offset detonation had torn Roswaal’s body to shreds, and his right arm in particular had sustained tremendous damage; hideously charred to a red and black chunk of flesh, it was too painful to even look at.

Albeit Roswaal had mastered all manners of magic, the one and only thing he could not employ was healing magic. As for whether he could continue to fight whilst bearing such a wound, would be far too――,

Volcanica: [Don’t take this the wrong way, but Origin’s waiting on me!]

Clind: [Kuh―― hk!]

Clind embraced the severely wounded Roswaal in his arms; however, the Divine Dragon did not relax its onslaught.

Furling the wind in their wake, dragonwings became blades of light in fearsome approach, and violently discharging purple voltage, Clind bolted through the sky as though lightning, continuing to evade, evade, and evade. Whilst basking in the shame of having allowed Roswaal to sustain a wound, he pulverized the blades of wind with kicks, and catching the scything dragonwings with his body, thereupon did lightning fulminate―― by the force of that impact, they were sent flying backwards.

Forcibly distancing himself, he restored his posture―― that instant, the Dragon’s tail came crashing down.

Clind: [――Hk.]

Converting the impact of the discharge into rotational force, the Divine Dragon’s tail struck down in a direct hit.

Even though he used his arm to protect their heads from the fatal blow, the force sent them hurtling straight towards the ground at full speed. Falling to the ground as they were, the inertia would be vigorous enough to dig their own graves for them, but――,

Volcanica: [――And just to make sure of things…]

As Clind and Roswaal plummeted, the Divine Dragon spoke those words and inhaled a deep breath.

Amidst the combat where offense and defense alternated rapidly, any action that required charging time could prove fatal. Ergo, the full force of the Dragon’s breath, a move kept sealed away save for the opening hand, was now unleashed.

Against the destruction inescapable by even his lightning dash, naught could be done. ――By Clind.

Roswaal: [――Al Quintet.]

With all of the strength having faded from his body, having entrusted Clind with all of the offensive and defensive combat, Roswaal invoked the greatest firepower that he had ever charged up.

――The activation of the perfected technique, manifested an enormous magic circle baling together five lights in the heavens above.

Fire, Water, Wind, Earth, and finally, Yang―― that which coalesced these conflicting principles by means of overlapping rationality that surpassed human understanding, was a power of overwhelming destruction not permitted to exist anywhere but the outside of order. It clashed directly against the unleashed breath of the Divine Dragon―― in that moment, all notions of sound and color were bereaved from the world.

Roswaal: [――――]

The two unbridled powers contested, vividly tearing asunder the very boundary between heaven and earth.

Infernos raged ferociously, the sky froze over, the wind swirled into a vortex, the earth was vehemently exhumed, and all of it was amplified by light; five contradictory powers took the shape of great spires of illumination as the battlefield crumbled in a chain reaction.

The region that had been merely a craggy wasteland before the battle’s commencement was now filled with the thunderous dance of light and sound, to the point that up could not be discerned from down; aught was consumed in a crucible of chaos.

Roswaal: [――――]

In the sense of destroying the equilibrium of the world, that technique was already on a level which rivaled the numerous forbidden arts whose existences had been erased by Od Lagna. The reason why this had never had its existence extinguished as a forbidden art, was none other than because there had been nobody capable of using it to make it worth prohibiting.

Prior to this, the only ones who had ever materialized great magic―― nay, hyper magic to this degree, were the Witch of Greed, Echidna, and the Original Magician, Myonmyon.

The hyper magic bordering on taboo was fired not as an arrow of “destruction”, but as one of “negation”.

Clind: [Master, truly you are… Hats off.]

Just who could have ever believed that the spectacle of this cataclysmic upheaval was the proof of a lone man’s devotion to his diligent studies?

The journey and footprints trodden by that personage, many would likely loathe and vilify its details as immoral, repudiating his way of being.

But, Clind would not repudiate him. Nor would he scorn him. He may have deserved scorn, but the impact that would stir in the heart upon witnessing something that surpassed all measure, was no different for humans or Dragons.

Only, Clind had been overcome with emotion. To think that a human could build something up to this extent.

――Clind dearly loved the potential of humans.

Born as weak, fragile, and imperfect beings, the question of what they might pursue, what they might desire, fascinated him to no end. From that perspective, Roswaal had nearly achieved the maximum score.

As far as Clind was aware, there existed nobody else who had continued to pathetically cling to such a distant possibility, ever struggling towards it, to the extent that Roswaal had.

――If one did not harbor any talent, they would have given up far sooner.

――If he had been a chosen existence like the Sword Saint, he would have reached this point without suffering to this extent.

Having been neither of those, the only quality Roswaal possessed was a tenacity beyond all normality.

For that reason, Clind had revered his way of being, affirmed his path, and lent him his strength.

Clind: [That prayer, yet remains shining brightly within me. ――Vow.]

Speaking of his vow in such a manner, Clind gently laid Roswaal onto the ground.

Shedding tears of blood, the matchless magician convulsed throughout his entire body as a result of overusing his powerful Gate; the reward for his meritorious deed was an all-too-dreary bed of sand, but he would just have to bear with it for the time being.

――After all, having basked in the magician’s apotheosis, the Divine Dragon was ever unscathed, thriving up in the heavenly skies.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And thus, reality had caught up with Roswaal, whose life was teetering on the brink.

???: [Five seconds, Master. Report.]

That which greeted the return of his scattered consciousness was an exceptionally calm voice.

However, he did not seem to blame Clind for that. If he had five seconds, the Divine Dragon should have been able to kill Roswaal fifty times over. ――There was word of them having a “no-killing” rule, so he supposed that they would crush his limbs and freeze his wounds for later in order to render him incapable of fighting, or something like that.

Because if it were Roswaal, he would have gone that far in order to render someone incapable of fighting.

Clind had protected Roswaal from that damage, splendidly fulfilling his role as the vanguard.

The issue was――,

Roswaal: [My poor display, huh?]

It was the pathetic feeling of having jumped into the battle between Dragon and dragonkin, and arriving on the verge of death so quickly. It was not that he had underestimated the situation, but he had thought he could accomplish more.

Roswaal: [――――]

Thanks to Petra’s struggle to assume custody of the Witch Factor herself, Roswaal’s preparation was spread across the battlefield which the Divine Dragon was drawn into, and he had performed in what was probably the greatest magical battle of his lifetime.

He could say that he had not fought a battle like this since he had faced the Warlock of Tristitia alongside Clind. Simply looking at the results alone, it was not purely a matter of the Divine Dragon being stronger than the Warlock of Tristitia.

Either way――,

Roswaal: […We need… to change… our conditions for victory.]

Even now, Clind might still be fighting, believing that Roswaal would recover, but he knew his own limits better than anyone. His strength was depleted, his body was a complete mess, and even his life force had been largely whittled away by his intense consumption of Mana.

Even the numerous great magics he had prepared were not enough to pierce the dragonhalo of the Divine Dragon. It had been impossible even with the simultaneous activation of five different types of Al-class magic. If any possibility existed, it was in the simultaneous activation of Al-class magic of all six attributes, but given that such magic had never been successful even under perfect conditions, there was no way it would be successful under the current circumstances.

A sensation like his brain was boiling, and pain as if all the blood in his body was flowing backwards were indications that the greatest Gate of his family, selected for across Roswaal’s four-hundred years, was on the verge of breaking.

It was pointless for him to continue any further. If what he had prepared could not do the trick, he would lower the hurdle for what he aimed to achieve and accomplish at least the minimum required of him.

Originally, the goal of this battle had been to prevent Aldebaran’s plans, which they could achieve if they could just continue to keep the Divine Dragon pinned down here.

Thus, he would be clever and adaptable while devoting himself to supporting Clind as he continued to resist here.

However――,

???: [Roswaal, you shouldn’t push yourself too hard, but it’s a reeeally important role. So, good luck!]

???: [Roswaal-sama, I apologize for the inconvenience until now. Finally, we can repay your kindness to us. Together, we can help that person… Subaru-kun!]

???: [It’s what the Master said he would do, so please don’t change your mind… I hate the Master, but I really believe he wouldn’t lose to anyone else.]

???: [Roswaal-sama, may fortune in battle be upon you. ――And please, do enjoy yourself.]

Roswaal: […Oya?]

Being clever and adaptable while devoting himself to supporting Clind―― that was what he ought to have done.

But the next thing he knew, Roswaal was standing on unsteady feet, cradling his right arm that had been reduced to a horrible state.

Roswaal: [――――]

It was strange. He had intended to fight sneakily, not in the manner of the grand magicians Roswaal had admired, but rather by using the underhanded means of a mediocre magician hungry for victory, and yet.

Why, for what reason, had he risen to his feet?

Surely he did not mean to say that he had not given up? Even though that which he had prepared had been ineffective? Even though he had never once achieved results beyond his ability?

???: [――What, you stood back up? I had intended to take on the role, however…]

Roswaal was so surprised by his own actions that the unexpected voice did not surprise him whatsoever.

Roswaal: [――――]

The owner of that voice slowly stepped upon the desolate earth, as if depicting the demise of the world, and stood next to the unsteady and wavering Roswaal.

However――,

Roswaal: [Sorry, but I don’t even have the strength to move my head… You’re too short, so I can’t tell who you are, but this is faaar~ from a role for a child.]

???: [Who exactly are you calling a child!? You knave, you are truly an infuriating man…!]

The other person raised his voice in full earnestness at Roswaal’s half joking, half serious words, and his unseen form gradually lifted up and entered the edge of Roswaal’s field of view. It was not that the other party had grown taller. He had made the ground swell with magic, using it as an improvised step-stool to match their eye levels.

It was truly a silly waste of magic, yet he did not hate it.

Indifferent to Roswaal’s inner thoughts, the black-robed, green-haired dwarf who had done so crossed his arms, and――,

???: [I shall engrave who I am anew, so that you shall not forget, you knave. ――The Gray, Ezzo Cadner, shall conquer the Divine Dragon before you!]

Translation Note:

[1] – Bamboo-Splitting Strike (唐竹割り, karatakewari ) is an attack in which a blade is swung directly vertically down, as if splitting bamboo.

--- Chapter 49: Magician ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Fulminations of purple lightning cavorted, and amidst the sky of the battlefield, Clind dashed around through a full range of motion in every conceivable direction, free from any and all obstructions.

Volcanica: [――Haahraan!!]

As if to chase the light of that thunderous blast, dragonclaws stirred the air as if a storm, ripping the empty airspace asunder each time they did so, and the resultant vacuous waves shut off the dragonkin’s escape routes.

His options dwindling by the moment, Clind restrained the Dragon’s aim to himself, and exercising caution such to ensure that its shockwaves did not reach the surface below, he maneuvered through the heavens with both prudence and boldness.

Clind: [You have managed to exceed my expectations? Wonder.]

Whilst evading, sidestepping, and cancelling out the Dragon’s tyranny head-on, each and every one of its blows capable of reshaping the terrain, Clind could not help but admire the usurper’s handling of the dragonhusk.

As mentioned previously, the usurper had failed to achieve a perfect control over the Divine Dragon’s dragonhusk. ――It was something akin to granting a newborn baby the body of the Sword Saint. To begin with, it was an unreasonable matter.

Ergo, the avaricious approach taken by the usurper, electing to use even the dragonhusk as a means to seize victory rather than drawing out its true merits as the Divine Dragon, was something that impressed Clind, further increasing his reverence for the strength possessed by weak humans.

However, when the battle began to surpass his expectations and drag on, he realized. ――Far exceeding Clind’s expectations, the usurper had adapted to the dragonhusk, all while still continuing to grow.

Clind: [I heard that you had also contended with the Sword Saint and Sword Demon to reach this point. Understanding.]

Even while possessing the Divine Dragon’s dragonhusk, the usurper had accreted battles against powerful individuals who could not be so easily defeated, and had thus drawn out a rather powerful degree of its potential as a dragon. From the brilliance of the dragonscales and dragonhalo that defended its Heartstone, that could be perceived overwhelmingly.

Clind: [The potential of humans… Heartfelt devotion.]

To boast as if they were perfected existences, just how comical was the way of being of Dragons?

For what reason had the Dragons, as the strongest of lifeforms, lorded over the surface as if they owned the place? ――The answer to that lay in their massive, unapologetic footsteps, so Clind believed. They asserted themselves with might, such that nobody would be able to avert their attention from them. Such that they could not be ignored. That was what had made it look as if the Dragons were the most important beings who resided on the surface.

Hence, when they lost their place upon these lands, the Dragons had disappeared beyond the Great Waterfall.

Clind: [――――]

Although he knew it to be an inappropriate sentimentality, glimpses of the past flashed through the dragonkin’s mind.

Heavenly skies were rent asunder into numerous rifts, amidst gigantic crags and lumps of ice that heaved up roaring winds as they flew past each other, slipping through the accumulation of shockwaves numbering ten, twenty, Clind’s mind went to four-hundred years ago―― he envisioned the figures of his brethren, flying away as they were ousted from these lands.

That day, those who had remained in these lands were either ones who had strayed from their weyrs or who were eccentrics; the Dragons that had fled beyond the Great Waterfall were considered to be in possession of sound thinking and judgment, but if Clind were to be asked, he would give the opposite answer.

The reason why Dragons were the ultimate lifeforms, was because their lives had been designed to be the most strong. In that case, a Dragon must always keep learning in order to never relinquish that seat, and must always continue to grow.

Was the fact that dragonkin had been conceived not proof in itself of that way of being belonging to the Dragons?

Clind: [Above all, are they truly not aware of it? ――Snicker.]

Channelling the purple electricity surging around him into thunderous discharge, Clind pulverized the clods of rock and ice tessellating the sky in the realm of hundreds, and concentrated the Dragon’s attention upon himself, before looking down at the ground.

And present there――,

Ezzo: [――The dragonscales and the dragonhalo, so those were the Divine Dragon’s contrivances to render your trump cards powerless, knave?]

Roswaal: [Rendered powerless, that is a bit of an upsetting way to put it. I would rather you described it as having been rendered ineffective, or rendered harmless, you knooow~.]

Ezzo: [Is this really the time to be finicky over such worthless things…!? The simultaneous invocation of differing attributes, was that an application of the “Two Attribute Intersection Theorem”? But, if you mix in a third variety, then how do you keep the convergence pressure of fire and wind under control?]

Roswaal: [It is rather elementary. Simply affix that convergence pressure as the nucleus. It is possible to correct for the imbalance birthed in the technique from the mutual interference by applying fire if the third element is water, and applying wind if it is earth.]

Ezzo: [You’re saying to make use of the helical interference of attributes!? Absurd, if attributes of inverse phases were to clash, the technique would cancel itself out, and it would easily exceed the critical deviation of the Gate… extreme compression, is it!?]

Roswaal: [Ho, I did not expect that you would be able to arrive at that conclusion on your own merits. From how it appears, you have formulated a rather novel technique, even though you seem to be self-taught… no, upon closer inspection, is it not founded upon a technique left behind by my House two generations prior?]

Ezzo: [Ngh…!!]

Roswaal: [By now, “Equilibrious Circulation”, which views the Mana flowing through one’s body as a torus, already ought to have been discarded as worthless in the mainstream… the materials on that subject were lost quite a long time ago, but, do not tell me, you…?]

Ezzo: [I-it takes a good amount of resolve in order to pursue the path of magic! To begin with, the book was covered in dust at a street stall! I discovered “Synthesis Circulation” from there, dramatically improving the efficiency of Mana usage in the invocation of spells!]

Roswaal: [A little audacious after stealing someone’s theory, areeen’t~ you?]

Ezzo: [I’ll admit that it served as the impetus for my ideas, but improvements and revisions are a constant for advancement! In that case, are you trying to say that you’ve never received any training or education from anyone, knave!?]

Roswaal: [――――]

Ezzo: [Don’t fall silent all of a sudden! In the first place, even if I concede some ground here for the sake of argument, it was not even you, knave, it was the accomplishment of your forebearer, the Madam Roswaal J. Mathers!]

Roswaal: [Though, she was not too dissimilar from myself, or something like that. ――Let us get back on topic. I had never thought of “Synthesis Circulation”. If you understand the main issue with the “Two Attribute Intersection Theorem”, then I suppose I have no need to explain why “Tripedal Centroid Control” is ill-suited to the “Multi-Attribute Intersection Theorem”?]

Ezzo: [Are you trying to make a fool of me? Each attribute added to a simultaneous invocation multiplies the disturbance of helical interference. Even if “Tripedal Centroid Control” can reach a simultaneous invocation of three attributes, any more than that would be… no, just earlier you demonstrated control over five attributes at once, knave. How in the world did you perform that?]

Roswaal: [I see. So you want to hear the answer. Very well, I shall tell you. I believe the true pleasure of magic lies in exploring one’s own curiosity and the essence of abyssal enigmas, but since your passion is too shallow for that――]

Ezzo: [Wait wait wait wait, be quiet…! Five attributes, helical interference, extreme compression… no, that technique was using “Equilibrious Circulation”… that’s it! It’s “Tripedal Centroid Control” superimposed in parallel!]

Roswaal: [――!]

Ezzo: [In other words, you performed the simultaneous invocation of three attributes through “Tripedal Centroid Control” twice at the same time, and superimposed them before deployment! Among the second set of three attributes, you utilized the invoked Yang attribute to support your own Gate, and by fixing the nucleus as the convergence pressure yielded from the helical interference, you formulated the extreme compression between the three and two attributes remaining, resulting in that culmination…]

Roswaal: [Yes, yes that’s exactly right! That was the breakthrough that proved the existence of the “Fivefold Resonance Point”!]

Ezzo: [Are you stupid!? It only takes a single thousandth of a single instant of a single maneuver! If anything even so slightly shifts out of place in any part of the process, it would trigger a helical breakdown and spell the end of everything! Knave, that would cause a second Agzadd Canyon to form with you as its center, you know!?]

Roswaal: [But, such a thing did not happen. ――That is the towering, distant summit of this blasphemous path.]

Ezzo: [――――]

Roswaal: [Does it scare you? Ezzo Cadner-kun?]

Ezzo: [Yeah, it’s terrifying. That my own heart desires such a thing, Roswaal L. Mathers.]

――Indeed, the two magicians on the surface clashed with their diligent studies, sharpening one another.

Clind: [What remarkably lively faces. Beyond expectation.]

There was a role he had been entrusted with from the start. Hence, Clind gladly undertook the frontline in the battle against the Dragon, cladding himself in purple voltage as they violently clashed.

But, even if he had not been entrusted with that role, Clind, following his own convictions, would have likely chosen to wield purple lightning against his own former dragonhusk like this.

The way that humans sharpened and polished each other, would inevitably give rise to a brand new “something”.

Unmistakably, that was the desire of Clind―― the dragonkin of the Divine Dragon Volcanica, who had elected to be left behind in these lands, thus being deemed a heretic by its brethren who did not recognize its new sense of values.

After all, that was the stoutest pillar of the mentality that would never accept the Witch Factor of Tristitia, which demanded the stifling of potential as compensation.

△▼△▼△▼△

Roswaal did not know much about the one who was standing alongside him, Ezzo Cadner.

He had heard the name. As personnel who had recently joined the Felt Camp, his capabilities quickly gained him a key position within the Camp responsible for internal affairs; such was Roswaal’s understanding.

For the most part, there had also been some information saying that he was a magician, but with it having been unknown whom he apprenticed and studied under, he was commonly seen as a mock magician operating privately, and since he was in fact self-taught, that perception was not very far off the mark.

However, that perception of him as a mock magician was overturned upon coming face-to-face with the real Ezzo, and laying eyes upon the theories that his magic were formulated upon. ――He was the real deal.

Thus, mutually understanding each other as the real deal, there was no need to exchange many words.

Ezzo: [Rest for a bit to catch your breath. I will be needing you to push yourself once more.]

As Ezzo spoke those words, he hopped down from the foothold he had made for himself to stand at eye level with Roswaal, before taking a step forth towards the battlefield and gazing up towards the sky.

Ezzo: [――――]

With the successive firings of great magic and hyper magic, further layered with the clash between Dragon and dragonkin, the stagnated Mana was dramatically perturbed, and the sky where blue had stretched out overhead was transformed into abnormal weather conditions of rainbow-hued flickerings. Amidst that scene, yet chaining were the innumerable fulminations of purple lightning as the dragonkin dashed through the sky, ever engaged in solo combat.

Even after Roswaal had fallen, unable to accomplish anything, Clind remained performing his role to the fullest――,

Ezzo: [For what reason is he fighting alone? You seem to have the wrong idea, knave.]

Roswaal: […What did you say?]

Ezzo: [You mean to suggest that a magician ought never consort with others? Nay, it is in harmony where their true worth lies!]

As Roswaal widened his eyes, before him Ezzo spoke those words, countless spheres of water floating in his vicinity.

Contained within each of those water spheres were numerous fragments of the boulders that had fallen down; at once, they all ascended up in one swift motion―― sent towards the battlefield where Clind was vehemently clashing against the Divine Dragon.

Roswaal: [That is――]

Excessive, or rather, meaningless; in such a manner did Roswaal grasp Ezzo’s intent.

It was a simple defense of the water attribute, nevertheless, he was impressed by that ability to easily control a number nigh on a hundred; however, that degree of water spheres would fail to even draw the attention of the Dragon, even if they smashed an entire boulder into it.

Rather, they could even spoil the tactics of Clind as he contended against the Divine Dragon by himself.

Ezzo: [I’ll say it once more, Roswaal. ――You have the wrong idea, knave.]

Ezzo’s declaration, and the spectacle that ensued, took Roswaal’s breath away.

The countless spheres of water he had elevated, had not been for the purposes of attacking the Divine Dragon directly. ――The water spheres and rocky fragments burst asunder from the fulminations of purple lightning, and having thus gained a foothold as he revolved through the skies, Clind accelerated a degree further.

As Clind accelerated, the water spheres guiding his path were deployed across a vast area, granting the dragonkin launchpads to make his attacks sharper, weightier, and more vehement as they bore into the Divine Dragon’s dragonscales.

The thunderous crackles and shockwaves were delivered back down to the surface, and Ezzo continued speaking to Roswaal as they basked in the wind.

Ezzo: [Certainly, that individual has the ability to engage in aerial combat by himself. But per my judgment, the original usage of that magical light is not suited to such purposes, and rather, is meant to be an astonishing defensive ability. Since he is a powerful individual of such mastery, he is utilizing it in a different way in order to fight, but if the dissipation of that power is set aside, it might be incomparable to its intrinsic might.]

Roswaal: [――. But, if you create footholds within the sky, it would instead make it more difficult to scatter its aim. Would the advantage of Clind being able to freely kick off the sky not then perish?]

Ezzo: [Do you take him for a novice incapable of switching between them as necessary? In that case, knave, it is not just consideration in which you are lacking, but an eye for people as well.]

Roswaal: [――――]

Ezzo: [Roswaal, to fight alongside someone does not mean to neglect considering all matters, and merely have faith in the other person. You entrust what you can entrust, and compensate what you can compensate. With your way of doing things, knave, even if you can achieve two-hundred by having a hundred and a hundred that do not get in each other’s way, you will never achieve a hundred and a hundred that elevate each other into a thousand.]

As he spoke of his opinion, Ezzo did not slacken from providing backup to the battle overhead.

This was a rocky wasteland with plenty of boulders to send up. The water spheres multiplied with enough vigor to permeate the sky, so even if Clind expended them as footholds faster than the eye could see, the quantity of that multiplication far overpowered it.

Volcanica: [Tch-, just when I thought things were getting too clever, turns out it’s Sensei-san!?]

Having located Ezzo as the source of the footholds being utilized, the Divine Dragon roared in anger. Crushing a hundred of the water spheres in one fell swoop of its dragonclaws, it took aim at the magicians upon the ground, and unleashed its breath――,

Clind: [I do not advise looking away, have a look at this. Demonstration.]

Shooting straight up into the Dragon’s jaw from directly below were the two legs of Clind after soaring upwards. The unreleased breath was thus detonated within the Dragon’s oral cavity, and some of its fangs could be seen flying out from the impact.

Volcanica: [You, little… hk!]

Reeling back from its own explosion, the atmosphere surrounding the Divine Dragon was rapidly filled with a distorted, warped, unstable yet mighty and authentic magical light; the Dragon was attempting to invoke the great magic it had learned through observation.

Even if Clind, who could use purple lightning as a barrier, and the Divine Dragon, who could entrust its defenses to its dragonhalo, could withstand it, if it reached the surface, Roswaal and Ezzo would not stand a chance.

Roswaal: [――In that case, the only option is to have it detonate in the sky.]

Fortunately, in addition to the Mana that had been discharged at random, there happened to be countless water spheres of magic founded upon “Synthesis Circulation” that he had been carefully observing next to him. ――Interrupting the formulation of that magic, he overwrote its efficacy.

Ezzo: [You knave, that’s my magic you know!?]

Roswaal: [Magic does not belong to anyone. Paths forwards are constantly being opened. ――A teaching of my mentor.]

That instant, Ezzo’s control over the water spheres was stolen, and they were bundled together whilst taking in the surrounding Mana to achieve extreme compression―― the great magic that the Divine Dragon had attempted to construct had been injected with self-interpretation, deliberately thwarting its completion.

Induced was the helical breakdown that Ezzo had feared―― the sky that had fractured several times during this battle, once more underwent a grand explosion of collapsing aurora.

Waves of scorching heat and zenith cold blew past them in turns, and the crags present in the sky melted, then froze, then shattered. Amidst the catastrophe, lightning scorched all of those remnants to naught, and the wind pressure blew the ashes and dust particles several kilometers away.

Ezzo: [Are you out of your mind, knave!? Your ally there would have disintegrated along with it!?]

Roswaal: [But, you protected him. ――This is the harmony you were speaking of, riiight~?]

Closing his yellow eye in a wink, Roswaal silenced the angered Ezzo.

In truth, as Clind was engulfed in the enormous explosion at high altitude, it had been Ezzo’s skills that enclosed him in innumerable layers of water, bestowing him the maximum defense from that destructive firepower.

Roswaal thought that if it was Ezzo, the latter would have correctly guessed his intentions, and performed that act. If the roles had been reversed, due to the differences in their talents and consideration, such a thing would absolutely not have taken shape; truly, it was the right man in the right place.

As expected, Roswaal was an inhuman villain. ――Only, he was merely one who still had room to improve, to revise, and to advance.

Clind: [Nevertheless, this deed makes me question the Master’s sanity. Brute.]

With that, Roswaal felt like he could hear Clind voicing complaints after having averted a crash thanks to Ezzo’s quick-wittedness, but being reproached whilst confronted with that ice-cold face, and all other such matters, would need to wait until this battle was concluded.

Thus――,

Roswaal: [Ezzo Cadner-kun.]

Ezzo: [――. What, Roswaal L. Mathers?]

Called out by his name, it was amusing how Ezzo called back to him as if in opposition. Concealing those sentiments of his beneath the makeup that had been ruined by blood and sweat, Roswaal sighed.

Then, once again training his gaze upon the Gray, Ezzo Cadner――,

Roswaal: [――I wish to have you assist me. For something that has not once transpired in this world, the genesis of a brand new magic.]

Recognizing it as a cowardly thing for even himself to say, Roswaal took the offensive. ――After all, those who gave themselves to the path of magic, could never even hope to resist such an allure.

△▼△▼△▼△

――In the midst of constructing a technique, Ezzo Cadner was on the verge of shedding tears in spite of himself.

Ezzo: [Stupid stupid stupid, these foolish lacrimal glands. Cease your operation now, just slack off.]

Reprimanding the functions of his own body, he stiffened his cheeks to hold back the tears.

Ezzo despised slacking off. This was because the dwarf race was not endowed with outstanding physical abilities or Gates, and many of his brethren were required to put in much more strenuous effort than other races in order to accomplish their goals. The sole grace of the dwarf race was that they had a tendency to be bestowed Divine Protections, but unlike his fellow member of the Felt Camp, Camberley, Ezzo had also lost out on that lottery, and was easily identifiable as a have-not.

Ezzo despised slacking off. This was because he was forced to live under stricter conditions than most others―― it was not. To use his dwarven ancestry as an excuse, and hold it in contempt saying “Ah, it can’t be helped”, was quite frankly unbearable to him.

If Ezzo failed to reach the goals he set for himself, it would not be because he was a dwarf.

If one allowed themself to make an excuse even once in their life, they would fall into the trap of sloth and neglect in the blink of an eye, setting themselves up to live in a slackened and unproductive spoiled manner; Ezzo knew this well.

Rather, that had been the case for his elder brothers and sisters. Ezzo was the youngest child of ten siblings, and all of his other siblings had received Divine Protections, rejoicing in the lives they lived fully dependent upon them.

He would not say it was a bad thing. Those were the lives of his elder brothers and sisters. He wanted to say it was bad, but he would not. He could bear it.

Merely, he could not bear to allow that for his own life.

Hence, when Ezzo Cadner discovered a book of magic covered in dust stored deep within a box at a street vendor, he vowed to dedicate his life to the deep inspiration it gave him, and to never make excuses no matter what.

Ezzo: [You’re the same, Roswaal… I can tell by looking at you.]

While he occupied the seat of the Kingdom’s Magician of the Court, and had multiple “colored” titles under his belt for having mastered certain magical attributes to their extremes, Roswaal did not provide guidance, nor did he ever consort with others. Even if he was skilled as a Margrave, his position as a magician had been something bought through his parentage and political strength. ――Having doubted Roswaal in such a manner, thus seeking to challenge him, was the unforgettable dark past of Ezzo.

But, in reality, upon witnessing the efficiency of construction in the magic Roswaal was deploying, and the beauty of the techniques he was materializing, Ezzo felt ashamed from the bottom of his heart.

Ezzo and Roswaal were of the same generation.

And, Ezzo had conceitedly believed that among those in similar age to him, there were none who had endeavored as much as he had. Having devoted the entirety of the time he had lived, he had believed he had touched upon part of just what magic exactly was. But that was not the case at all. ――Between Roswaal and Ezzo, in both their research and devotion to their studies of magic, it almost seemed as if there existed a difference of over one-hundred years.

A difference in talents, a difference in race, a difference in births, he would not credit it to any such thing, it was an absolute truth―― hence, Ezzo Cadner was on the verge of spilling tears of joy.

Ezzo: [――Hk.]

That there was someone who had endeavored even more than him, standing in the realm he longed for, he was glad.

Understanding, reverence, and gratitude all pounded through Ezzo’s heart, causing him, who hated slacking off more than anything, to command his lacrimal glands to slacken for the first time in his life.

With such sentiments in his chest, Ezzo once more focused his attention on demonstrating all the studies he had accreted.

When it came to magic, it was required to firmly envision the result that would occur. Thus, it was tantamount to an act that would lay everything bare about a person: what they thought, what they desired, and what they wished for.

Hence, there were no lies in magic. ――By witnessing someone’s magic, everything about that person could be understood.

Ezzo: [――Hey, you understand, right, Roswaal?]

Had those words actually been produced as a sound? Or perhaps, was it merely a deception produced by abusing his Gate more than ever before, concentrating to the point of his life eroding away?

Roswaal: […Ahh, I do understand, Ezzo Cadner-kun.]

However, contrary to his heart that doubted if it had actually been an illusion or auditory hallucination, there was indeed a reply.

The extreme heightening of Mana shifted the scenery to white, and despite being unable to hear even the purple lightning vehemently booming in order to protect them, their presences were so close to each other that it felt as though even their heartbeats could be heard.

Through a pathway of magic being weaved, the two magicians laid themselves bare, and their consciousnesses intertwined.

The days Roswaal had accreted, the fruits of his wholehearted research, and the time in which he had continued to walk by his lonesome, aiming for the summit with none ever managing to catch up to him, was imparted.

As a result of taking things too far, people would end up being isolated, regardless of their wishes. Roswaal, too, had remained by his lonesome.

But, swearing on the tears he had not allowed to fall, Ezzo had something he needed to say to Roswaal.

Ezzo: [Knave, as for how far you intend to venture all by yourself, my current self knows not. But, no matter how many people you attempt to distance yourself from, I alone shall remain different.]

If it was a combination of effort and diligent study that had delivered him to where he was, then Ezzo was the same―― nay, he could go even further,

Ezzo: [No matter how much you like being isolated, even if you elect to die by your lonesome, even if you decide to venture to a place where nobody else can ever reach, I alone will come to sink my teeth into you, knave.]

While he might not have understood the feeling of wanting to give up, Ezzo did understand the feeling of wanting to lament.

Simply doing everything he could to the fullest, before he knew it, there no longer remained anyone in his vicinity. ――There was nobody who would wish to believe such a thing was their own fault, after all.

Ezzo: [The titles of those who have mastered certain attributes to the extremes: Red and Green, as well as Yellow, are all appointed to you. Since the seat of Blue has been bestowed to Mr. Felix Argyle, only the seats of White and Black still remain vacant. ――Do you understand what that means?]

Roswaal: [――――]

Ezzo: [Do you know what it is that they call me? The Gray, Ezzo Cadner. And just what colors do you think gray is made of? ――Roswaal, I am the one who will reach you.]

Hence, the same gratitude that Ezzo Cadner had experienced, was now offered to the great magician.

Ezzo: [――This path you walk, knave, is not one you walk alone.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Color had perished from the sky a while ago now.

Blue had vanished from the clear azure above, leaving only a faded curtain of ash-white, and the merit of the atmosphere itself had waned, ephemeral in nature as it slowly vanished.

By a streak of light was that faded sky rent asunder. As Clind bolted forth with a belt of purple lightning trailing behind him, no longer could it be described as “jumping”, it was a force akin to kicking the fabric of the sky open.

In opposition was the colossus protected by dragonscales and dragonhalo, the dragonhusk soaring through the air with a faint glow―― each time the dragonclaws flashed, the empty sky was cleaved open, the empty rifts inundating the dragonkin alongside thunderous crackling.

Clind: [――――]

There was not even the leeway to utter a voice. Merely, purple lightning roared out.

Following that, with a beat of dragonwings, unleashed into the resultant gust of wind were countless orbs of light, gleaming in the sky. They studded the gray sky as if stardust, carving out ferocious paths as they closed in on Clind, nearer, and nearer. ――With a flash of roaring thunder, the downpour of several hundreds of light rays were impaled, and innumerable shimmers bestowed color to the desolate sky. The shockwaves from the explosions were all diffused upwards, not allowing even a single star fragment to reach the two magicians on the ground.

Volcanica: [――――]

The subsequent instant, in the truest sense possible, all present bore witness to the radiance of a star up in the heavens above.

From far beyond the faded sky, falling at the behest of a tremendous force of attraction, starlight plummeted down towards the ground in a straight line―― hesitation did not last for even the blink of an eye.

Clind: [――Hk!]

Violet voltage surged all the more vehemently, and the chaining of thunderous fulminations elevated the dragonkin to the sky in which a star was falling.

Volcanica: [――――HAAHRAAN!!]

The Divine Dragon’s breath was unleashed as a torrent of white heat that scorched the sky, however, the brunt of it was not directed at either the dragonkin in the heavens above, nor at the magicians down on the ground; rather, it soared towards a land over yonder.

The rupturing purple lightning and the Dragon’s breath intermingled with the star that had been shattered across the edges of the sky, intensely illuminating the dulled hues of heaven and earth――,

???: [――Al Sextet.]

An incantation quaked the horizon, and the heavenly skies baited their breath.

The Mana that gave this world form was bestowed with roles of six varying colors, and the power let loose began to intermingle, blending together. The interference that would have normally caused an instantaneous breakdown instead birthed a unique rhythm, utilizing the colorless world itself as an intermediary, a beautiful torus was brought to fruition.

Before long, the torrent of six colors coalesced as one, becoming a pillar that severed the boundary between heaven and earth.

The pillar of six hues did not incline to any one color in particular, rather the very principle known as “magic” merely elected its own color for the aurora of its manifestation, a light pillar that returned everything to a power engulfing all.

――Captured at the heart of that light pillar, was the colossal form of the Divine Dragon.

The resisting claws, wings, and breath, all were engulfed by nihil, and as the Dragon’s power was converted into fuel for the magic, the light pillar grew wider, emboldening it to shine even more radiantly.

The light stretched to reach the heavens, perforating the sky bereft of clouds, illuminating far beyond the highest layer of the atmosphere, casting its brilliant light even further beyond the horizon. For a moment, the laws of reality, of heaven and earth, were written anew.

――That was something that neither the Original Magician, nor the Witch of Greed, had managed to accomplish ever since the systemization known as magic had first commenced, an absolute miracle made manifest.

Volcanica: [――Ah.]

In a world from which sound had vanished, that which had resounded all too unreliably, was meager praise when compared to the events that had transpired.

But, it was enough to arrive at conviction. ――Here, the Divine Dragon’s dragonhalo had shattered.

Thus――,

Clind: [――Sealing Shackle: Unleash Third Stage.]

Sundering the aether and scorching the land, the six attributes maintained equilibrium to form a pillar, the beacon at the center of the world. And the sole thing to pierce that maelstrom of aurora, was the lightning teeming with purple hues that came crashing down from the heavens.

As if an iron meteorite that had broken off from the star, it bolted down from across the sky whilst lightning surged around its body. Legs explosively kicking off the air, it acted as a supreme arrow seeking to pierce a single target.

Its aim was the reverse scale. ――The sole weak point carved into the Divine Dragon’s neck, the ant-sized hole in the armor that boasted an absolute defense. Engulfed by the pillar of light and stripped of its dragonhalo, that was the final barrier that stood on the path to reaching the Dragon’s Heartstone.

Clind: [You have my gratitude. ――Gratitude.]

As if a comet with purple lightning trailing behind it, he firmly drove his fist forward, shattering both the sound barrier, and the protection of the dragonscales.

The brilliance of the pillar and the torrent of purple lightning overlapped, and as the impact quaked the empty sky, the sound of shattering was accompanied by a strip of light that dashed through the Dragon’s entire body.

The resolute strike entwined with the zenith miracle of magic never before seen throughout history, and bored down to the deepest depths housed within the Divine Dragon’s dragonhusk, finally striking the Heartstone that slumbered therein.

Volcanica: [――――]

Perforated by the definite blow, the Divine Dragon spread its wings mid-air and slowly looked down at the surface. Acknowledging those tiny existences that barely clung to life present there, the Dragon slashed the air as it brought its claws up to its own head. ――As if out of habit, reaching its fingers towards the metal fixtures on the helmet it expected to be wearing.

Volcanica: [Tch-, how pathetic… To end up like this even while having such a leg up, I can’t even… blame… the stars…]

Indeed, in annoyance, divorced from all the solemness befitting the Divine Dragon, cursing out in such an excessively banal manner, the absolute being that had dominated the heavenly skies was pulled by gravity, plummeting towards the ground.

Tearing through the empty sky whilst dragging the flickering vestiges of light with it, alongside thunderous noise, it came crashing down.

――That marked the conclusion against the usurper, who had stolen the dragonhusk of the Divine Dragon Volcanica.

--- Chapter 50: Decisive Battle on the Ice ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

The hexacolor radiance that had pierced heaven and earth, gradually unravelled and faded away.

The sky that had faded to a dull gray slowly regained its natural color, and before long, as if having recalled why it was called blue, the azure sky began to clear.

Roswaal: [――――]

With such scenery before him, Roswaal saw tears falling from the eyes of Ezzo beside him.

Whether they were of joy or vexation, it was clear that he had been overcome with emotion. Although it had taken two people to perform, Roswaal and Ezzo had nevertheless accomplished a great feat engraved for the first time in the history of magic.

The utmost extremity of magical control allocated into groupings of four and two colors, perfect formulation of a technique that did not permit any gaps whatsoever, and the ultimate harmony that could not have been manifested were there to have been a lag of even an instant―― that, had surmounted the Divine Dragon’s dragonhalo.

Roswaal’s diligent studies and Ezzo’s research: if either were to have been missing, this hyper magic would have never been realized.

However――,

Ezzo: [One day I’ll… I’ll even manage to manifest this technique by myself…!]

Even as Ezzo bombasted while shedding ceaseless tears, Roswaal smiled at his demeanor.

Neither was it out of exasperation, nor was it in sarcasm. ――Indeed, that was the very essence of a magician.

Visualization was important in magic. If it could be visualized, then anything could be accomplished: that was magic.

Roswaal: [Isn’t that right, Teacher?]

As Roswaal muttered those words, his body began to tip over, and was about to collapse onto the ground. Ezzo immediately reached out to try to support him, but alas, given how immensely exhausted he was, he collapsed first.

Then, as the falling Roswaal seemed like he was about to crush Ezzo under him――,

Clind: [――Made it in time. Good news.]

At a precarious juncture, that calm voice and those strong arms successfully saved Roswaal from falling down, and Ezzo from being squashed.

Roswaal: [――――]

Glancing at Clind as he was supported by him, Roswaal let out a breath.

Having soared through the skies during the battle, it was the versatile steward who had gone so far as to shatter a star before returning to them. At some point he had put his monocle back on and retracted his black horns. However, it appeared as though he had not managed to entirely restore his perfect, everyday appearance, and thus was a rather unusual form with disheveled clothing.

Roswaal: [Even so, outside of your butler uniform, you are mostly unharmed, dragonkin truly are overpooowered~.]

Clind: [Master, if I may be so bold as to correct you. It is not because I am a dragonkin, but because I, as the dragonkin of the Divine Dragon, am simply special. Assertion.]

Roswaal: […So you really are quite proud after all? It was your receptacle’s fault that we’ve ended up like this , you know?]

Ezzo: [Don’t point at me when saying that! It is merely that I cannot stand up because my back… no, because my entire body has gone limp!]

Having fallen face-first, Ezzo was unable to stand up, and yet did not admit defeat. As if to express sentiments of lament, Clind shrugged his shoulders at that demeanour, but truly, it was a wonderful quality.

Roswaal: [You’ve changed. You used to be more of a transcendent, detached type .]

Clind: [In that case, I could say the exact same words to you. Return. ――Were you not the one who was supposed to be clever and underhanded, content to remain a mere mediocre magician? Confirmation.]

Clind narrowed his eye across his monocle, having perfectly guessed Roswaal’s thinking.

Certainly, he had intended on that. And yet, Roswaal had not done so.

Getting back up after having failed, he had enacted a recklessness he never imagined he ever would.

But, that was――,

Roswaal: [It’s simply that I realized something… That all these days, I haaadn’t~ been walking alone after all.]

Clind & Ezzo: [――――]

At Roswaal’s answer, Clind fell silent. For some reason, Ezzo did too.

Roswaal: [Though perhaps that reason is a bit too obviooous~.]

While only natural for Clind, with whom he had been acquainted a long time, when hyper magic had been invoked a moment ago, his consciousness had been on the verge of blending together with Ezzo’s.

There, Roswaal had failed to fully conceal his own sentiments and prayers, after all.

Roswaal: [Speaking of that, I am quite accustomed to phenomena such as intermingling of the consciousness, but how did you manage to remain fine, Ezzo-kun? Normally, you would end up going insaaane~.]

Ezzo: [Don’t speak of such frightening matters so casually…! Likely, it is a boon of the Books of the Dead.]

Roswaal: [The Books of the Dead, of the Pleiades Watchtower?]

Ezzo: [Indeed. While I was on standby at the Watchtower, I read over a dozen volumes of the Books of the Dead, but in order to do so I had to learn the necessary technique of closing off my heart…]

Clind: [I see. This is a magician. Understanding.]

He somewhat felt like Clind had settled on a bit of a rude conclusion, but he would not touch upon it here. After all, Roswaal did not think Ezzo had done anything particularly strange.

Regardless, that which they ought to prioritize right now――,

Clind: [Master, we have certainly fulfilled the duty with which we have been entrusted. Completion. However…]

Roswaal: [Ah, I’m awaaare~.]

As Clind left his words half-finished, Roswaal silently breathed out and looked into the distance. The same direction as both Clind, and the grounded Ezzo―― he cast his gaze beyond that horizon.

During the battle against the Divine Dragon, the rocky wasteland that had been completely terraformed from before, further beyond even that, the final destination of the Aldebaran Troupe――,

Roswaal: [――The Grand Mogolade Geyser.]

Flashing through Roswaal’s mind as he muttered, was the final offensive of magic and Dragon that had sundered heaven and earth.

As the Divine Dragon had sent the dragonkin up to rise and intercept the star crashing down from the heavens, placed on the scales were two options: that of eliminating the two magicians who were weaving hyper magic, and that of fulfilling its own role.

It would assuredly win, such arrogance did not even slightly exist within the Divine Dragon at that moment.

Hence, the Dragon followed the conviction of the personality dwelling within its dragonhusk, and selected one of the two options―― through its unleashed breath, it fired at an enormous opening in land far removed from the battlefield.

It was unclear why the Aldebaran Troupe was headed towards that location.

But, there was no chance that the Divine Dragon’s deed was unconnected to the Troupe’s objective, and even knowing that it would be defeated if it did so, the Divine Dragon prioritized firing its breath at that opening.

The meaning brought about by that action, would surely be verified from this point forward.

All that remained――,

Roswaal: [――Is whether or not those you have cultivated will be able to surpass the opponent, Subaru-kun.]

△▼△▼△▼△

―― Irregular .

Rem recognized that this was the role expected of her, and the duty she ought to fulfill.

By utilizing the extraordinary Authority of “Turning Back Time”, Al had surmounted every single obstacle that stood in his way―― in order to stop him, what was necessary were irregulars .

???: [Indeed, that helmet bastard’s Authority’s a fearsome thing. Frankly, even in all my years, I’ve rarely come across such an utterly irrational power. ――But, no matter how powerful the ability, the one who’s gotta wield it ain’t nothin’ more than a human.]

???: [Hit that helmet bastard with countless things that he’d never expect, and keep on gettin’ ‘im ta use his Authority. The time he can turn back only goes so far. Overwhelm ‘im, overwhelm ‘im, ‘n overwhelm ‘im till ya take ‘im down.]

???: [If ya whittle away his remainin’ strength, even the helmet bastard’ll make an irreparable slipup. ――That’ll be how ya snatch victory against that helmet bastard.]

Those were some words of advice from Rom-jii, who had once nearly driven Al into a corner.

In response to Rom-jii’s suggestion, those who were well-versed in tactics―― Ram, Roswaal, and Clind did not object. Therefore, Rem had full faith in that advice.

What they needed to do was bombard Al with enough unexpected situations until he broke. And if a contest of endurance was required, then Rem was not someone to be underestimated either.

After all――,

Rem: [――After all, I’ve gotten to watch that person up close.]

If one were to ask what Rem’s best shot at seizing victory was, it would have been that.

Perhaps it was fortunate that Rem had been forgotten by everyone until very recently. During that interval bereft of Memories, the interactions she’d had with Al in the Empire could hardly be described as extensive. And if she was going to delve into her points of contact with him before that, in regards to the Royal Selection, it was even less so.

But, that was precisely the reason why Rem’s actions had the potential to betray his expectations.

However――,

Rem: [YAHHHHH!!]

Roaring, Rem swung her arm out with her full strength, and following closely behind, the unleashed iron ball ferociously streaked through the air.

The spiked iron ball spun around as it aimed directly for its target: the red-haired shinobi, Yae Tenzen―― with the stage set as the five-thousand meter tall Agzadd Canyon, the battle raged on as they plummeted through the air, transitioning to the next phase with this prodigious shinobi as the opponent.

A discus of ice had been created in the air, serving as a platform for their contest of strength.

This was the result of Rem and Emilia working together to impose an irregular situation, but the very fact that they had been forced into such a scenario was frustrating.

It was not just Al’s group that encountered an irregular . They had as well.

Rem: [――――]

With a roar, a sharp, heavy strike cut through the wind.

The menace of that spiked iron mass, no matter how sharp the opposing blade, was not something that could be repelled even by something like bundling fine threads together. It surged forth in one swift motion towards the irregular Yae.

Yae: [――Hk.]

Letting out a small noise at the approaching threat, Yae abandoned any attempts at interception and evaded with a cartwheel. Passing right by her as she rolled across the ice disk, the iron ball flew through the air in futility――,

Emilia: [Eiyah!]

A sharp, almost carefree shout, met the iron ball with a resounding bang.

It was the pleasant sound of Emilia, standing on the other side of Yae, kicking the iron ball hurtling toward her with her feet clad in boots of ice. Emilia’s long, slender leg swiveled, and the iron ball was forcibly bounced back―― chasing after Yae’s slender figure as she fled with a cartwheel.

Just like that, the iron ball mercilessly sunk its fangs into Yae’s side――,

Yae: [Not gonna happen.]

Immediately after saying that, Yae pressed her hands against the ice disc while performing her cartwheel, and peeling up its surface using her steel threads to cover herself, it became a shield that intercepted the iron ball hurtling toward her body.

Of course, it was too thin a shield to completely stop a single blow. It would crack in half a second, snap after another quarter, and the spikes would pierce the other side after another eighth, so when exactly one second had passed, it would have fully broken through.

But, that single second was more than enough for the agile shinobi to make her next move.

Emilia: [No way!?]

And, it was Emilia who let out a cry of surprise. However, Rem was of the same frame of mind.

In their line of sight, after having evaded the pursuit with an impromptu ice shield, Yae set her bare foot on the fully extended chain of the Morningstar with a light leap, dashing across it in one fluid motion.

Emilia was stunned by the acrobatics and balance, while Rem was equally amazed by the footwork over the chains that conveyed no sense of weight whatsoever and yet the surprises kept coming. ――Together with a swing of Yae’s arm, blades of ice and stone rained down one after another from above, targeting the two of them.

Emilia: [These are――]

Twenty seconds prior, Emilia and Al had forged these armaments of ice and stone in the air during their battle, leaving them suspended there. Yae had shot her steel threads up towards the heavens to bring them down, repurposing them as a perilous rain.

Emilia: [It’s because I didn’t clean up properly!]

Rem: [Failing to clean up properly goes for Al-san as well!]

Yae: [Let’s just say that we both share the hardship of having masters who are bad at cleaning up after themselves, alright?]

Reflection, follow-up, and provocation all piled up, leaving Rem and Emilia scrambling to deal with the falling daggers. Emilia fended them off with her twin ice blades, but Rem was in trouble.

Her right hand was occupied by the Morningstar, which was currently being used as Yae’s foothold, so she could not carelessly withdraw it. She had no choice but to defend with her unarmed left hand alone.

Rem: [Won’t――]

Make it in time ; it happened the moment she had resolved herself to tank the bombardment. ――Someone gave a push to Rem’s shoulders, and that same someone was impaled through the chest by a falling stone sword.

???: [――――]

Rem’s eyes widened at that sacrifice; furthermore, her surprise deepened when she saw who had done it. The gallant figure, pierced through the chest, yet still bravely giving Rem a thumbs-up――,

Rem: [――Subaru-kun!]

Before Rem’s eyes as she unwittingly let out a cry, it was Natsuki Subaru―― or rather, an ice puppet bearing his likeness, that had been pierced through the chest. The exquisitely crafted ice Natsuki Subaru shielded Rem, flashing a brave smile as if he were the real thing, before collapsing.

Yae: [Uwehh~? That just now, don’t tell me that was Emilia-sama?]

Emilia: [Yes, that’s right. ――And not only that, Subaru isn’t alone either!]

Immediately after she responded to the frowning Yae, six figures leapt out from behind Emilia. Each was an ice statue identical in appearance to the Natsuki Subaru who had just collapsed.

All of them, so filled with individuality that it seemed as if they each possessed their own will, pulled a weapon from the ice disk where they had been lodged and leapt simultaneously towards Yae, who was running along the chain. If even one of those icy fingertips could reach her, it could serve as a stepping stone to corner the nimble Yae――,

Yae: [Unfortunately, fighting a large number of people is what I’m best at.]

In an instant, twenty steel threads leapt forth, binding the ice Natsuki Subarus. The threads tightened around their necks, torsos, arms, and legs, mercilessly tearing the six bodies apart.

Emilia: [Subaru――!!]

Rem: [Subaru-kun!!]

The cries of Rem and Emilia overlapped as the ice Natsuki Subarus were reduced to pitiful wreckage.

Beyond the scattered fragments of the shattered ice statues, Yae continued running along the chain, heading straight for Rem below. In a split second decision, Rem released the Morningstar’s handle, robbing Yae of support from her foothold. As the shinobi would surely flail about in the air, Rem twisted her body and attempted to deliver a powerful back kick――,

Yae: [As expected, I’d rather not get hit directly by an Oni’s kick.]

As Yae spoke, she released the tension in her knees to compensate for the bend in the chain; a movement that Rem glimpsed in the corner of her eye.

Yae dropped her hips downlow, maintaining perfect balance midair as the lethal thread released from her fingertips looped around Rem’s neck. Her head would be sent flying off,  or she would be strangled to death―― just before that could happen, under Yae’s feet, the chain snapped taut, defying her expectations.

Yae: [Wha…]

Yae’s eyes opened wide, and she instinctively flicked the chain with her toes and leaped away; nothing less could be expected from her. Her gaze caught sight of what had pulled the Morningstar’s chain in Rem’s stead.

Having been the first one to fall after being pierced through the chest with a sword, it was an ice Natsuki Subaru. ――The ice Natsuki Subaru, who had never given up on the fight even after collapsing, had saved Rem.

Truly, this person was always doing reckless things for the sake of someone else――.

Yae: [It’s not even the real thing, you know!]

Rem: [Even if it’s not!]

As Yae curled her lips, Rem’s full-force back kick drove straight into the center of her chest.

△▼△▼△▼△

―― Irregular .

Yae recognized that obstructing this was the role expected of her, and the duty she ought to fulfill.

Within Yae, the assessment of Al as a dreadful, capricious monster would not be overturned. ――But, there were irregulars piling up that would serve to exhaust and burden him.

???: [That’s the thing, yeah? Even I’ve ended up on the verge of death many times quarrellin’ wit’ those above myself, ya see? I’m sick ‘n tired of the fact that this world’s fulla nothin’ but monsters. ――But, I’m the one who’s still kickin’ when all’s said ‘n done, so it means there ain’t nobody who can’t be killed.]

???: [When both sides’re performin’ their best, there ends up bein’ a gap that’cha can’t do nothin’ about. ‘N so, in order ta bridge that gap bit by bit, we’ve got our underhanded techniques untiringly refined ta perfection.]

???: [If ya can rob yer opponent of their ability ta perform flawlessly, the opportunity ta chop off the heads of those above ya will come around. ――That’s the blood-reekin’ secret ta our success in life.]

That was the advice of the Vicious Old Man, the village chief who had instilled Yae with the way of life and techniques of the shinobi .

In regards to those ideas of the village chief, Yae had no objections. But, she had surprisingly few opportunities to test them. After all, most of Yae’s opponents were weaker than her. She would not lose to them, let alone ever engage them in a head-on fight.

The first defeat she had ever suffered was against Al, and it fundamentally distorted Yae’s way of being. Even now, merely being near him would cause her entire body to be filled with dread, and she wished for him to disappear even a second quicker. For that purpose, there was no other option but to have Al accomplish that which he desired, that which he wished for.

That was why――,

Yae: [――I don’t wanna let anyone who can corner that person get near him.]

Distorted, twisted, full of contradictions. Yae was well aware that those things applied to her.

But there was no helping it. Yae liked spicy things and did not really care for sweet things. But, those were dispositions she was born with, and a predetermination that she could not alter herself.

Because she had been born into such a self, she would continue to live whilst staying true to that self.

Yae had her own ideal way to end her relationship with Al.

In order to accomplish that, Yae’s contradictory way of doing things was to eliminate the irregulars .

However――,

Yae: [――Hk.]

Receiving a direct kick from the horned girl named Rem, Yae stifled the cries from deep within her creaking body, maneuvering her body to disperse the impact through her arms and legs. The shinobi techniques that transmitted one’s will down even to their muscles and internal organs allowed for a means of survival.

But, even when that was applied, it did not equate to a complete negation of damage. The tips of her hands and feet went numb.

It was not as though she had underestimated the power of the Oni. However, for Yae, who could discern the capabilities of an opponent by observing their posture and the way they utilized their arms and legs, the Oni clan’s trait of dramatically increasing their physical abilities by absorbing the surrounding Mana with their horn far surpassed her expectations.

In addition――,

Yae: [Emilia-sama’s adlibs really are quite troublesome, aren’t they~?]

Bearing those bitter sentiments, Yae muttered with an expression still harboring some leeway.

In truth, they had been quite effective, but she could not afford to relay that. Shinobi would never relinquish information to their opponents. If they did, it would have been fabricated information for the purpose of manipulation.

With that level of kickback, not only Rem, but even Emilia would have been able to see that Yae had been dealt a considerable amount of damage. If Yae were to still act calm in spite of that, it would be in human nature to hesitate in pursuit.

Rem: [Emilia-sama!]

Emilia: [Yes! We continue!]

However, that was only if the opponent was proficiently adept in the ways of combat.

After delivering a blow, the duo paid no mind to Yae’s composed expression, and instead pursued hot on her tail after she was blasted away.

She would not call it thoughtless. It was desperate, and it was fervent. At present, that was the most troublesome thing.

Yae: [In that case, I’ll answer with my own nasty hand and footwork…!]

Counter; Yae greatly spread out her toes on both her right and left sides, and together with her hands, she controlled twenty steel threads.

The numerous swords that had pierced the glacial discus that was serving as the platform: snaring those constructs of ice and stone with her threads and flinging them up, she directly intercepted Emilia and Rem, poised for pursuit as they were.

Guided by the deftness of her digits, the daggers sliced through the wind as they whirled around, combining with the invisible, soundless steel threads to form a twofold assault of heavy and light, rampaging atop the ice as a rending gale that would confound any attempts to respond.

If one were to trace the path of the daggers with their eyes, the steel threads would entangle their limbs and rob them of their combat potential. Al had ordered her to abide by the “no-killing” rule, but even if she had to sever a finger or two, or even all four limbs, those requirements could be met so long as they retained their lives. With those thoughts in mind, Yae surged with a severing intent.

However――,

Rem: [HAAAHHHH!!]

Emilia: [Yah! Tei! Tah!]

The defense of the howling Rem and fierce Emilia repelled Yae’s assault entirely.

A display of teamwork with Rem handling the daggers, and Emilia countering the steel threads. Rem coiled the chain of her favored iron ball around her arm and wielded it as an impromptu gauntlet while Emilia transformed her twin swords into a gigantic halberd; the pair perfectly defended against Yae’s attack with a certain coordination despite not having exchanged any words.

Yae: [How…?]

Their abilities were certainly enough to handle the visible daggers, but there needed to be an explanation to how they had managed to defend against the invisible steel threads.

Questioning that reason, Yae caught sight of a faint white cloud of air as she muttered, and noticed. ――A coldness biting at her skin, to an extent greater than that of being atop a great mass of ice whilst plummeting from an immensely high altitude.

Yae: [――Hk, ice fog.]

Miniscule ice particles fluttered down through her vision, twinkling to highlight the contours of the steel threads.

At the technique Emilia had employed to detect the invisible steel threads, and the sense needed to come up with it, Yae was struck with wonder. Then, even moreso by the possibility of things taking an even worse turn.

Emilia: [―― Icicle Line .]

That instant, in accordance with the formulated incantation, the atmosphere began to let out a shrill screech.

The particles of ice that had made up the ice fog linked together with the particles adjacent to them, and the chill that had painted the world white bared its fangs with even greater ferocity. The first to fall prey to it, would be the steel threads that were lacking in mass.

The advantage granted by the steel threads’ greatest characteristics, weightlessness and thinness, would be crushed in a freezing world. Even if steel threads could slice through the winds, they could not slice through a blizzard. ――Hence, her decision followed immediately afterward.

Yae brought the rings on her fingers to her lips, and at that instant, flames dashed across the steel threads, birthing an infernal explosion atop the ice.

A heat wave that jostled back even the icy gale, in exchange for relinquishing the steel threads’ strength of being “unseen”, clad them in the power to not succumb to the cold even amidst the icy fog.

Yae: [Please accompany me in this flaming dance!]

Letting her steel threads dressed in flame wreak havoc, the Crimson Sakura began to perform a dance whilst unleashing her scintillating thread attack. In contrast to that brilliant, fiery dance illuminating the canyon, the two who were bringing about the frigid ice and snow―― no, counting the seven ice-sculpted bodies, nine silhouettes leaped forth.

Rem: [Invitation accepted!]

Emilia: [Sorry if I step on your feet!]

On the ice and armed with twin blades of frost, Emilia slid into Yae’s range as the latter manifested a maelstrom of infernal flame. She skated across the ice discus with boots of ice affixed with blades, and tracing a circular orbit, she moved in rhythm with the waltz of flames, commencing a gently curved, yet sharp and relentless onslaught.

Comparing favorably to the extreme tempo of Emilia’s offense, Rem’s decision to plunge forth whilst engaged in a scrum formation with the ice sculptures was more directly stunning to witness――,

Rem: [AaahhHHHAAAAAAAA――!!]

Roaring out like a beast, Rem launched her bare white fists forward in a pummel.

Worthy of being described as a bombardment, what rained down seemed as though a storm of numerous fists; twisting, crouching, bending back, side stepping, and leaping over repeatedly, Yae evaded it as if merely flitting through the movements of her dance.

Yae: [If you’re only using your bare fists, you’ll spend eternity trying to catch up to me.]

Even with the physical abilities of an Oni, if there were four limbs extending out of a torso, the flow of strength through the muscles was plain to see, and Yae’s eyes would not fail to glimpse it. Rem’s Oni strength was astounding, but it did not outpace Yae’s reaction speed like the Sword Demon had.

With that logic, the irregulars that were actually betraying Yae’s imagination were rather the seven ice sculptures of humanoid shape, reining things in with inscrutable movements during the intervals between Emilia and Rem’s attacks.

At this rate, just as she had declared, Yae would end up spending an eternity engaging these two in combat――,

Yae: [――No.]

When Yae was on the verge of opting for the easy option, she put the brakes on herself.

This battlefield had been selected by her opponents. If she were to allow her opponents to have things their way, she would be playing right into their hands. In order to obstruct these irregulars , she would have no choice but to become the irregular to her opponents.

For the time being――,

Yae: [This platform――]

A discus of ice that had been constructed in collaboration by Emilia and Rem, employed to split up Yae and Al. With its transparency harmed in proportion to the wind hitting it, Al’s figure on the other side of the cloudy white ice disk grew foggy.

Deeming this platform unideal, Yae dealt with Rem’s volley of punches, slipping under Emilia’s attack from behind, and used one of the ice sculptures trying to tackle her as a stool to leap into the air. Then, sending all the steel threads on her hands and feet in every direction of the discus, she exerted all of her might, and began to spin her body around.

As a result――,

Yae: [I’m changing the situation . Is this also within your calculations?]

Guided by Yae’s might, the arena known as the ice discus was altered―― as that disk began to spin like a top, a tremendous centrifugal force was applied to everyone on the ice.

With that, the battle transitioned to its next stage.

△▼△▼△▼△

――“ Irregewluhr ”.

That had the meaning of something unexpected, and understanding that piling them up was their current greatest weapon, Emilia hyped herself up.

Whenever she got abruptly startled, Emilia would be unable to immediately think of the next action to take. The same thing could be said about Al. Al would have probably thought about a lot of things in order to plan what he was doing now, but he could not read all the way into the minds of Emilia and the others. That was the purpose of the “ irregewluhrs ”.

???: [Lia, whenever you’re in a pinch , you immediately try to use whatever strength you can to force your way through to some sort of solution, right? Though when that doesn’t work, you end up worrying over what you should have done to begin with… but, it wouldn’t be like you to come to a halt there, Lia, nor do I think it would suit you.]

???: [My adorable daughter has the power to smash through any problem with a bam. So, don’t just give up after the first go, how about you pile up a bunch of tries and do your best with that?]

???: [Don’t worry Lia, when the time comes, your body will naturally teach you whatever you might need in that moment. After all, you’re the daughter I’m so proud of, so you’ll inherit the most powerful genetics.]

Indeed, words that Puck had once spoken to Emilia were now affectionately resuscitated in her head.

These days, it was always Subaru’s words that she found to be reliable, but now that she knew Subaru was in danger, the first one to encourage Emilia was the teachings of Puck, as always.

Her joint offensive with Rem against Al was now in the midst of hard-fought struggle due to the intervention of Yae―― they had already passed two more engravings in the cliff, meaning they only had around thirty seconds left before they reached the bottom.

She felt extremely fretful. However, she could not afford to let it overwhelm her. This was not something she was particularly skilled at, but she needed to foist these feelings onto Al and Yae.

In order to stop Al―― no, in order to properly talk things out with Al, this time for sure.

After all――,

Emilia: [――Priscilla would have never desired this sort of thing.]

The fact that voicing such a thing would be cruel to Al, Emilia knew.

Even now, thinking of Priscilla, it made Emilia’s heart ache to voice her name, and she would feel a sensation of moisture in the corners of her eyes. She wanted to allow Al to vent those feelings.

In the past, Emilia had once been rescued by Al. Even without that, Emilia wished to become a source of strength for Al. Not just because they shared the same pain, it was not that, but as a more instinctual feeling, Emilia wished to save him.

That was why――,

Emilia: [――Hk, Subaru!]

The heat-filled wind ferociously stirred the maelstrom, and the disk of ice revolved with Yae at its center.

Atop the disk of ice that had begun to revolve as vigorously as a spinning plate, the ice soldiers modeled after Subaru were unable to hold their ground after bearing the additional centrifugal force for a bit, and were subsequently blown away.

They would be unable to do a thing about being thrown off the face of the disk, and at worst would meet a fate of crashing and shattering against the cliff face of the canyon. But before that could happen, Emilia would not forget how one of them caught her hand just as she was about to stumble from the spinning, preventing her fall and saving her.

Emilia: [Rem is――]

Sliding across the revolving ice disk with skates of ice, Emilia tried to locate Rem in her vision, as she ought to have been cornered into a similar situation as her. No, what if she had been thrown off like the ice soldiers―― then, before the worried Emilia erupted a thundering boom, and an even more enormous inferno.

The collision had occurred at the center of the disk, where Rem and Yae violently crashed into each other, and flared into a fiery blaze.

Once again wielding the iron ball that she had cast into the sky earlier, Rem swung it down, and Yae skillfully warded off that downward strike by utilizing the tensile strength of threads bundled together. As a result, Rem’s large, sweeping movement was halted, and there did Yae thrust her toes squarely at her.

Rem: [Kah.]

Letting out a cry of pain, Rem was repelled back and tumbled down onto the ice disk, slipping towards the outer circumference.

With the rotation of the disk and Yae’s leg strength, there were no means to stop Rem’s sliding body. Unwilling to allow that to happen, Emilia tried to devise a way to reach her, but――,

Yae: [――Looking away is forbidden.]

As soon as she kicked off the ice, Yae’s counterattack closed in as if thrusting towards her.

An attack with the stone dao that had been snatched up by a flaming steel thread, and the second-stage follow-up of the thread slicing not far behind it; at the two-stage assault that spanned a large range and necessitated evasion, Emilia began to ruminate―― she tried to, but recalling the words of the reliable Subaru and Puck, she abandoned that endeavor.

Relying on her senses more than her thinking, Emilia soared towards Rem, who had been flicked away. ――Quite literally, she had caught wind in her wings and flown towards Rem.

Yae: [Wha…]

Staring in amazement, Yae was taken aback by that shocking display.

It was the first time she had left herself completely open, but unfortunately, Emilia did not have the leeway to focus her attention there right now. Only, flying directly towards Rem, she scooped her up right as she was about to fall off the edge of the disk, and soared up.

――Emilia did, with wings forged of ice upon her back.

Rem: [Th-thank you, Emilia-sama… these wings are?]

Emilia: [Subaru drew a picture of them before. Beings that grow wings on their back, they’re called angels. Subaru would talk about them every once in a while, but I tried my best and I did it!]

Answering Rem’s question after carrying her up, Emilia softened her cheeks.

But then again, these were fake wings that only resembled them in shape. They could not be flapped like a real bird’s wings, and could at best glide on the wind.

Moreover, it was something that could only be realized in this particular situation, an instance of success for an extremely rare magic. Subaru would probably be delighted if she were to show it to him, but for that they would also need to fall together from five thousand meters up in the sky.

For that reason as well――,

Rem: [Emilia-sama! Let’s retaliate!]

Emilia: [Yeah!]

Emilia spread her glacial wings as Rem gave a valiant utterance within her arms, and nodded in agreement.

Retaliate, the first thing that flashed through her mind upon hearing that word. Intuitively believing it to be the same thing that Rem was thinking of, Emilia lowered their altitude directly above the ice.

Detaching her wings there, Emilia and Rem entered freefall, and began to spin themselves―― striking their heels down in unison, the horizontally rotating disk of ice was forced into a vertical gyration with all of their might.

Emilia: [――――]

As payback for the ice disk having been made to spin horizontally, they made the ice disk spin vertically.

It was very simple, but it was an incredible payback that neither of them would have been able to accomplish on their own, and so having remained on top of the disk, Yae ought to have been stupefied. As the platform turned over from up to down, and then back to how it was before, and then immediately upside down again, to normal, to upside down and to normal over and over and over, she was jostled about.

To make matters worse――,

Emilia: [There’s also still the horizontal spin!]

As a result, the ice disk spinning on both axes became a random battlefield that did not trace any expected trajectory. It was just like the wobbly and shaky “ atrakshon ” of the training ground that Subaru and Garfiel had made behind the Roswaal Mansion.

And precisely due to thinking of that, Emilia speedily dashed across the ice disk “ atrakshon ”.

Emilia: [Yah! Tah! Toh… soyah!]

While altering the direction of the vehement force within a single second, Emilia relied only on the sensations from the bottom of her feet to receive that momentum, and use it to propel herself forwards.

She was somewhat relieved that she had been able to run on it. On the other hand, she was worried about whether Rem was alright or not, but.

Rem: [There is no need to worry!]

As Rem responded so, she thrust her iron ball into the ice disk, and with that as the fulcrum she pulled herself forward with her chain in one go, aiming for the center. Though falling a bit short of Emilia’s momentum, it offered a far more reliable sense of stability.

Contrary to that, Emilia had to ensure that her own footing did not slip.

Emilia: [That girl…]

Either atop the ice disk that had been disrupted both vertically and horizontally, or possibly below, desperately clinging on in order to not be shaken off, Emilia searched for the figure of Yae in order to pursue her, and then blinked her amethyst eyes.

There she was. Unmoved, Yae was right in the middle, the spot on the disk with the weakest centrifugal force. Even so, that would not change the fact that she had been jostled about, and as she seemed like she was about to stretch out her legs, Emilia realized.

Emilia: [――――]

Having folded her knees and leaned into the ice disk, Yae had not been affected by the gyration of the platform.

The reason was clear―― she had excavated the center of the ice disk with her steel threads, creating a unique safety zone immune to the effects of the rotation as she lay ready in wait for Emilia and Rem.

――That instant, steel threads alight with flame bundled together, and a blazing flash of weighty silver engulfed her vision.

△▼△▼△▼△

――A blazing, silver flash of crimson.

If one were to have had a bird’s eyes view of that, and if they possessed knowledge of that technique, they would have likely realized that what Yae Tenzen had unleashed was a steel thread iaido , the art of swiftly drawing a katana and unleashing a lethal strike before immediately returning it to its sheath.

Nobody would have imagined that something so thin, lacking any consistent form, could take the shape of iaido .

Not to mention, even amidst the long and storied history of the shinobi , the Steel Thread Technique was a legendary art that none save the most gifted of geniuses could even grasp the fundamentals of, let alone master.

The fact that the Crimson Sakura, the most gifted shinobi throughout all of history, had polished that deadly technique to even greater heights, was something that not a single person, not even Aldebaran, had been aware of.

Therefore――,

Rem: [――――]

――Therefore, the fact that Rem had managed to defend against the silver flash of flames, could not be described as anything short of a miracle.

Rem: [――Priscilla-san.]

Spun by her lips was the name of the woman bearing one of the reasons that had guided Rem to this point, and had gotten her standing back on her feet.

And now, she was the benefactor who had left behind signs so that Rem could continue clinging on to life.

――She had felt it. Something she had not been allowed to detect a single time up to this point, Yae’s definite murderous intent.

The emotions of humans dwelled within Mana.

Those who excelled at perceiving such Mana could easily guess the emotions of others. The reason why Spirits could vaguely sense the thoughts of other people, was thought to be corollary to this sensation.

Thus, absorbing the surrounding Mana with her horn via her Oni transformation, Rem felt sensations that she normally could not grasp with an acuity several times greater than usual.

Rem: [Until now――]

She had not felt it. ――No, it was a sensation she would not have noticed even if she had felt it.

There were various factors that played into her gaining the ability to sense this. The fact that she had restored herself, as well as the sense of duty she carried to take back Subaru. But, the number one reason lay elsewhere.

The number one factor was the influence of the days she had spent together with Priscilla in the Fortified City of Guaral.

Amidst the time that was by no means long, Priscilla would often present Rem with words that seemed like riddles, granting her an impetus to deeply come face to face with her own self. At the time, due to frustrations with her inadequate healing magic and uselessness, she had merely attempted to superficially follow Priscilla’s words, but.

Rem: [Now, I feel like I finally understand it just a bit.]

Even now, she would not say that she knew all the answers to the words from back then. She would think of it as an assignment that would last for her whole lifetime. And, she would never be able to check her answers anymore, either.

That was sorrowful. Lonely. Pained her heart.

Rem: [――Right now, I wish I could speak with you. Priscilla-san.]

Muttering, she closed her eyes. Then, when she reopened them, Rem’s gifts as an Oni awakened in those eyes.

What she keenly perceived mixed in with the Mana was a faint enmity, murderous intent, will to attack―― to the place where that seemed to be tinged with color, Rem sent forth her iron ball with pinpoint precision.

The silver flash of flames that had drawn near in an attempt to bisect both herself and Emilia; slamming her Morningstar into a position that could clear it away in a single swing, the certain death unleashed was transformed into non-lethality.

The shrill clangor of steel on steel rang out, and as a vehement recoil was delivered to her grip, Rem’s counterattack met Yae’s brandish head-on.

Yae: [――――]

Slightly aghast at that reality, Yae nevertheless stooped down and prepared for her next move.

Countless rampaging silver flashes; perceiving the murderous intent surging through the air before they could be unleashed, Rem preempted them, firing her iron ball, chains, and magic forth as if to trace the lines.

In a series of moments that almost seemed to overlap into a single instant, Yae’s onslaught was thwarted by Rem.

Ahh , a breath spilled from her heart.

Ahh, this is it, this is the true scenery that the Oni Clan had gandered. ――A mere sliver of the domain Ram had reached by birth, now, at this moment over a decade later, the tips of Rem’s fingers had finally caught on.

Emilia: [――Rem!!]

Springing up her iron ball, Rem continued to fend off the tempest of blazing threads of steel, and Emilia called out to her.

The sense of urgency loaded in that voice was not out of gratitude for having been protected, but rather a cry to inform her of a change in the situation, and one for the worse at that.

She caught Emilia in the corner of her eye, stretching out her long legs as she clung to the surface of the ice discus, darting her eyes around the revolving view.

Emilia: [Al’s gone! I can’t find him anywhere!]

Rem: [――Hk.]

At her wit’s end, Emilia’s voice caused Rem to finally realize that Al had disappeared from her own sights as well.

Below the discus of ice, Al was supposed to be in a position where he could do nothing but spectate the battle above, but he was nowhere to be found in the sky made perceivable from the disk’s rotation having eliminated all obstructions to vision.

As soon as Rem thought about where he could be, realization struck her like lightning. ――She strained her eyes to the distant sky.

As they plummeted down the Agzadd Canyon, beyond that long, massive fissure in the ground, far in the distance from Rem and the others, a silhouette could be seen receding into the distance.

Similar to what Emilia had done earlier, with wings on his back―― catching the wind with wings forged of stone, Al was gliding away at ferocious speeds.

That instant, what flashed through Rem’s mind was her joint attack with Emilia onto the ice disk. That had made the platform spin vertically, and had advanced the battle against Yae into the next dimension, but―― that had been used against them.

Rem: [When Emilia-sama and I linked up in order to kick the platform――]

At that time, Al had clung to the bottom side of the ice disk, and using the momentum of the rotation from Rem and Emilia’s kick, he gained a propulsion to launch him straight up into the distant sky.

Rem: [――――]

If Al were to escape like this, the entire operation would come crumbling down.

By piling on the irregulars , they had been whittling away at Al’s reserves, but if things proceeded this way, they would be unable to arrive at the trump card they needed to play. That must not happen; making a split-second decision―― Rem and Emilia exchanged gazes.

Emilia: [――Rem.]

And, the will of Emilia which she ought not have been able to hear, was delivered to Rem through Mana.

The things that the Oni horn perceived were not limited to just omens of hostility. By also taking in unshakeable trust and expectation, Rem was bestowed with unlimited power. It was to the extent that, rather than simply taking in Mana, she might end up believing that bearing those emotions was actually the source of the power.

Indeed, she had certainly been granted strength, and so――,

Emilia: [――I’m headed off!]

Rem: [Take care!!]

Raising herself up, and then swinging down on the ice disk with all her might, the vertical rotation of the discus began to rapidly accelerate, and receiving that momentum, Emilia was launched straight up into the sky.

Clad in the glimmer of ice, Emilia once again caught the wind with wings of ice stretching out from her back; soaring above the Agzadd Canyon towards the distant sky in pursuit of Al, she soared, and soared away.

Then, entrusting Emilia with the pursuit of Al――,

Rem: [――I won’t let you go after them.]

Yae: [That’s my line~.]

――Passing by yet another marking in the cliff face of the Agzadd Canyon, there remained twenty seconds until they reached the floor.

The two maids left standing on the plummeting ice platform―― Rem and Yae faced off; the final clash between Oni and shinobi , between the Hero’s Confidant and the Crimson Sakura, commenced.

--- Chapter 51: Yae Tenzen ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――A shinobi must never give their heart to anything.

In the shinobi village of the Vollachian Empire, that was an absolute teaching imparted upon those forbidden to lead any way of life other than that of a shinobi ; it was an ironclad rule that demanded absolute obedience even more so than the law of iron and blood rooted in the vast lands of the Empire.

If they were to yield their heart to something, the honed blade known as shinobi would easily come to rust.

Therefore, any and all who took on the mantle of shinobi , without exception, etched that ironclad rule into their soul, abiding by it no matter the cost.

And despite that――,

???: [Hey, you’re that, ain’t’cha? Same like me, ya can do just about anythin’ without so much as a second thought, ‘n so life kinda loses its spark, dun’it? Wouldn’t it be fine ta keep at least a single somethin’ in yer heart then?]

When the village chief had spoken those words, grinning with a tidy set of teeth left in spite of his old age, Yae recalled wondering to herself where exactly the ironclad law of the shinobi had disappeared to, and experienced some intense feelings of irritation.

――Included among them, was a firm belief that she would never be able to live her life in such a way.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Crimson Sakura, Yae Tenzen, was an unparalleled genius of a shinobi .

That was an unshakeable fact, and something that even Yae herself was humbly willing to admit.

Those around her had lauded her as possessing the greatest talents the shinobi village had seen since its founding, loudly voicing their admiration that her potential might even rival that of the Admirer of the Kararagi City-States.

To tell the truth, Yae herself had earnestly wished for them to stop comparing her to such an outrageous individual, but setting aside those feelings of the person in question, Yae’s talents drew out a frenzy from the people of the village.

In practice, if the thing known as talent was something that allowed for an almost prideful extent of shortcuts to be taken past the many hardships within a given field, then Yae unmistakably possessed the innate talents of a shinobi.

However, contrary to that evaluation harbored by those around her, Yae fiercely hated the “special” treatment she received.

That was akin to a physiological sense of rejection, a resistance towards the idea of being “special”, so perhaps it was a phenomenon that ought to be labeled as a “Special Allergy”.

It did not bother her when others were given special treatment, but the moment she experienced “special” treatment for herself, she was assailed by an unbearable sensation, and began wanting to abandon anything and everything. It was that sort of visceral rejection.

For Yae, who possessed this violent allergy towards “specialness”, the ironclad law of the shinobi that the village chief had personally denied in the introduction, was something she had exceedingly high compatibility with.

To give one’s heart to something, was to create a kind of “specialness” within oneself.

Since she had an allergy towards such “specialness”, Yae could obey the ironclad rule of the shinobi without very much effort. Certainly, it could be said that she was a woman who had been born to be a shinobi .

But then again, that was one of the reasons why those around Yae were giving her “special” treatment, so it was truly quite a quandary.

――Now then, to begin with, the path walked by the shinobi was a steep one, and it was not something that could be easily accustomed to.

Only one of a thousand trainees would become a genin , only one out of a thousand genin would become a chunin , and only one out of a thousand chunin would finally become a jonin ―― such sentiments were commonly repeated due to how high the hurdles were. To this day, whenever Yae heard that example, she would think about how it would require a billion shinobi candidates.

Well, it was a good thing that the senior shinobi had such awareness of just how grueling the path was, to the extent that it made them want to use such ridiculous expressions. No matter the torture, it was in human nature to want to undergo it whilst knowing “this is meant to target this part” rather than suffering through it whilst wondering “what is the point of this?”.

And in practice, the process to complete a shinobi was undoubtedly the harshness known as torture.

Yae believed that the shinobi training, which commenced around the age a child first gained awareness of their surroundings, was more aptly described as child-abuse than it was torture, but the immorality that went into the makings of shinobi was a list that went on endlessly, so stumbling at the entryway would prevent this digression from progressing.

First of all, the candidates for shinobi trainees were mostly children who had been abducted from other places.

As mentioned previously, shinobi training began during the early stages of childhood, but the drills levied upon them were so inhumane and unreasonable that an abundance of them would end up dying in cold blood. For the sake of efficiency, instead of babies, they abducted toddlers who were at a suitable age to commence training right away. Here, the fact that the shinobi skipped straight past the most laborious infant stage revealed just how truly nasty their inhumanity was.

And so, the first thing that the abducted children were subjected to, above all else, was the disposal of memories.

It was said that the methods consisted of drugs, signals, and techniques that had direct influence over memory, but it was not entirely clear. Only, through these methods, the abducted children were wiped to clean slates, completely forgetting about their families and hometowns. Yae did not remember her parents’ faces either, nor did she even know her own real name. “Yae”, it was a name that she had only received later on, and until then she had simply been called “Red No. 8” in accordance with her hair color.

Those without aptitude would fail first at this memory disposal. For some, the memory erasure would not function effectively enough, and conversely for others, it would function too effectively, leaving them as useless husks; it was a mess right from the start.

And so, Yae, to the extent that she even thought herself heartless, completely forgot her past in an instant.

It had slipped away so effortlessly that even the one in charge of her memory disposal, Fujirou Tenzen, was left speechless, so much so that he told her about it afterwards. ――Incidentally, this Fujirou would later go on to be Yae’s namegiver, and was the previous Tenzen whose family name she inherited.

But even if he had the title of her namegiver, their relationship was an emotionless, obligatory one of instructor and pupil, familial only in name. From Yae’s perspective, her impression of Fujirou more or less amounted to someone in the village with whom she had a high frequency of contact, who had also happened to bestow her with a name.

Regardless, forcibly robbed of their heart’s foundations, they would become a white canvas to be painted at the mercy of the black brush known as the shinobi ―― once the children stripped of their past were prepared, the true essence of the inhuman training facility that was the shinobi village would begin: not merely strengthening of the flesh and muscles, but the very restructuring of the human body.

Destruction and correction of the bones in order to achieve mastery over a soft body and acrobatics surpassing human understanding; training to build up a resistance to poison by gradually advancing from small doses to lethal ones; daily routines comprised of learning the dangers of martial arts and shinobi tools by the pain they inflicted upon the body; and being tasked with meeting a quota of broken bones, torn-up flesh, and shed blood.

Peers who had grown cold, unable to see the next morning, were scattered all about; since that too was a teaching material for their training to grow accustomed to death, it was forbidden to bury them, and instead the putrid odor of those corpses rotting day after day was drilled into their minds, causing some to end up losing their sanity.

All those so-called dreadful drills were easily completed by Yae. ――No, even for her, calling it easy would be a lie. Yae had faced adversity in her own way. But, it seemed to Yae that the adversity she had faced did not even amount to a single ten-thousandth of that which her peers had experienced.

If that could be called talent, then she certainly had talent.

The destruction and correction of her bones flipped the switches for pain perception within her, and the agony of the poison that seemed to melt and scramble her entrails was kept to a minimum along with her bloody urine and stool; just by laying fingers upon a shinobi tool, she acquired a mastery as if she had been exclusively wielding it for ten years, and after experiencing a martial art just once, she could use it to take down an opponent larger than herself, and would never be hit by it ever again. Only the smell of the dead bodies was tiring, but she got used to that in the end as well.

So after such happenings, the very young Yae had become the first one of a thousand at an unprecedented speed.

Fujirou: [――From this day onward, you are to call yourself Yae Tenzen.]

The day Fujirou gave her that name, was the day she had qualified to be a genin .

Unfortunately, she harbored no particularly strong feelings on the matter. After all, she had been treated differently from her other peers since the point she had been called “Red No. 8”, so whether she had a name or not did not have any particular influence on Yae’s self-perception. Only, receiving such “special” treatment made her feel itchy, and she had thought it bothersome.

――For what reason Fujirou had named her Yae, she knew not even to this day.

She had missed her chance to ask. By now, she had taken somewhat of a liking to it, and the Tenzen part also had a nice ring to it. It was far better than ending up with something like Yae Dunkelkenn through some sort of mistake.

Upon hearing that sarcastic sentiment from Yae, the village chief had burst out laughing “Kakakakka! You’re startin’ ta say some cheeky things, ain’t’cha!?”. Speaking of which, there was not a single person in the shinobi village who bore the same family name as the village chief, but whether that was because the village chief was a poor teacher or because he had abandoned his duties, was unclear.

The former seemed more plausible, so that was what Yae suspected.

Either way, even if she had gone from being called “Red No. 8” to Yae Tenzen, Yae’s path as a shinobi , as well as the very way the world felt to her touch, stood unchanged. ――That which had changed was not Yae, but rather the environment that surrounded her.

――Unmistakably, that was the prime reason why Yae had come to detest “specialness” so much.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Now then, the fact that Yae possessed a “Special Allergy” has already been mentioned, but for her, the youngest and fastest-promoted genin in history, a certain situation arose that caused this allergy to accelerate.

Ultimately, everyone in the village ended up recognizing Yae’s talents and abilities, but upon qualifying to be a genin , there was one who grew enchanted by her promising future. ――Fujirou Tenzen.

As her namegiver, and as the senior who provided her with guidance, Fujirou was completely enthralled by Yae’s ability to take the first piece that he taught her, and extrapolate the next hundred or thousand pieces, let alone ten.

Namely, that was an act that ran counter to the ironclad rule of the shinobi to never give their heart to anything.

He was left with no choice but to forge the unparalleled genius, Yae Tenzen, into an extraordinary shinobi with his own hands. ――Fujirou had ended up blindly obsessed with that sense of duty.

Fujirou: [You have more than enough talent for it. Why can’t you understand that!?]

As Fujirou exclaimed so with bloodshot eyes, he harbored a fanatical belief in Yae’s talents.

Day by day, she felt the eyes with which he looked at her tinged with more and more ardor, but the damage brought about by their eruption was far greater than what Yae could have imagined.

With Yae’s “specialness” seared into his mind, Fujirou had arranged the “Crawling Bane”―― a rite structured in the same manner as the Imperial Selection Ceremony that was used to decide the next Emperor of the Vollachian Empire; dragging in thirty genin who were the same rank as Yae at the time, it was a reckless folly capable of spelling the demise of the village.

The genin were taken out to a forest far removed from the village, and there they were ordered to fight to the death until only one last person remained standing; without questioning those directions from their superiors, lives were expended in futility.

Just as Fujirou had hoped when he devised the rite, the only one still standing in the end was Yae Tenzen.

However, she never once took up the offensive against the others, instead using the tactic of turning the tables on any opponent who came after her, and in the end, when she let her final peer get away when he pleaded for his life, Fujirou had gotten exceedingly incensed.

――No, to be precise, it was not just him, it was all of them.

Enthralled by the talents of Yae Tenzen, Fujirou was not the only one who had gone astray.

Inspired by his words, or perhaps by directly witnessing Yae’s growth, there were a great number of people who wished to have Yae shoulder their distorted expectations by holding the ritual they had named the “Crawling Bane”.

Yae had betrayed the expectations of those who blindly believed in her; however, rather than causing their ardor to subside, their fervor only intensified, explosively flaring up.

If they had simply dealt with Yae after she betrayed their expectations, and then took their own lives, it would have still been somewhat endearing.

But, for those who had steeled their mistaken resolve to repeat the “Crawling Bane” as many times as necessary until Yae was established as the model of the ideal shinobi they desired, there no longer existed any remedy.

Fujirou: [You are, the one who shall overturn the very way a shinobi ought to be…!]

Collapsing as he spoke those words, Fujirou had died, believing in Yae’s potential until the bitter end.

The throat repeating that grating assertion was gouged out, and ironically enough, the beautiful blossom of snow white sakura petals began to flutter down upon the corpses of her namegiver and his foolish comrades, face-down in a pool of their own blood.

Yae recalled those blood-stained cherry blossoms alongside an indescribable sense of futility.

???: [――Ohoh, now this here’s quite the big deal, eh? Has a lass whose rump’s still as pale as snow really gone ‘n taken down all of ‘em even tho’ there were even jonin in their midst?]

Having hastened to the scene a bit later, the village chief gazed over Yae and the corpses of the young men surrounding her, and then let out those carefree remarks. It seemed like the secret operations of Fujirou and his allies had been grasped by the higher-ups of the village, so regardless of the outcome of the “Crawling Bane”, there likely would have been no future for them.

She did not want to entertain the idea that the reason for this delayed response despite having such a grasp on the situation was because they had decided on leaving it entirely up to Yae to deal with the disruptive elements to the village.

Village Chief: [So, all of ‘em ended up dyin’?]

And although that suspicion was not the reason, Yae lied in response to the village chief’s question.

The reason why Fujirou and the others had been displeased, was the fellow genin whom Yae had turned a blind eye towards when he had pleaded for his life. ――She concealed the fact that not only had she allowed him to flee the “Crawling Bane”, but to run away from the shinobi village entirely.

That peer had suggested “Ahh, in that case, you also gonna flee with me?” to her, but Yae firmly refused his offer. It was not that she had wished to remain in the village, but that she simply had not wished to stand alongside him.

In terms of both skills and talent, Yae was vastly superior. And yet, her instincts were alarming her. ――If death were to ever come for Yae, it would be when she stood by his side.

Genin : [――My bad, my bad.]

And so, when that peer of hers took his leave and gave those parting words, she sensed his desire to eliminate every person who knew of his existence, but thanks to him being rational enough to abandon that goal, Yae and that fellow genin made it out of this “Crawling Bane” as the final survivors.

Because it ended without her being the sole survivor, Yae wondered if her own status as “special” might erode even if just a little bit, and as she thought such things.

Village Chief: [Well then, let’s start headin’ back now. ――Crimson Sakura.]

Turning his back towards her, the village chief called Yae by that alias for the first time.

Until the bitter end, Yae had not known why Fujirou had named her Yae. But, the reason why the village chief had called Yae by that alias was clear even without needing to say it.

――After all, on the night brimming with excessive shinobi deaths, the full bloom of the snow white sakura was lavishly dyed in blood.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Crimson Sakura, Yae Tenzen, was an unparalleled genius of a shinobi .

As the youngest to ever be promoted to jonin , that perception of her had become widely known as something unshakeable, so Yae’s “Special Allergy” had worsened to a point beyond any help.

To Yae, being treated as “special” by others was something of a curse, a menace, an abhorrent interference that brought nothing but negative influences onto her life.

Things like expectations or hopes often had a strong positive impression, so there were far too many people in this world who would wave them around while blind to the fact that they could become blades gouging deep into others. Moreover, blades wielded blindly made it difficult for both aggressor and victim to notice the wounds; truly a nasty characteristic.

Such things had held a great deal of sway over her life thus far, and Yae was completely sick and tired of it.

???: [Hey, you’re that, ain’t’cha? Same like me, ya can do just about anythin’ without so much as a second thought, ‘n so life kinda loses its spark, dun’it? Wouldn’t it be fine ta keep at least a single somethin’ in yer heart then?]

And so, when the village chief said those things to Yae, despite being fully aware of the blades, he seemed truly odious.

The village chief was personally advising her to do something like break the ironclad law of the shinobi . She could not think him sane. To begin with, Yae did not seek anything like a spark in life. Such a thing would be a superfluous accessory.

A spark: namely, that was the act of harboring expectations for one’s own abilities, or placing hope in one’s own future. ――It was none other than believing in one’s own “specialness”, that was undeniably Yae’s landmine.

Hence, Yae deliberately distanced herself from the image of the ideal shinobi that everyone seemed to be placing their hopes and expectations in.

That was the exact opposite of the ideal shinobi image that Fujirou Tenzen had staked his life attempting to complete―― a frivolous attitude, speech and conduct that left no where to grip onto, and a friendly demeanor that would absolutely never get along with anyone.

Bearing such a facetious humanity, Yae Tenzen’s personality took shape.

She did not wish to be misinterpreted, so she would assert it here: this was the natural consequence of Yae spurning the notion of “specialness”, and was by no means something inspired by the village chief’s own nature.

Without getting deeply involved with anyone’s life, without ever confronting anyone head-on, and without being held dear by anyone.

That was the very worldly wisdom that the Crimson Sakura, Yae Tenzen, had arrived at, her life philosophy――,

???: [――Surely you do not misconstrue that disgraceful way of being for your own nature, do you?]

Addressed in such a manner when the two of them were all alone, Yae held her breath before the crimson beauty.

Yae, with her “Special Allergy” having worsened, hated being treated as “special” by others, and at the same time, had developed a keen sense of smell for specialness within other people. In that regard, the woman with whom Yae was now in close contact was an individual who seemed to be the embodiment of nothing but “specialness”, both inside and out.

But then again, her specialness was so glaringly obvious to anyone that having a keen nose was hardly necessary to ascertain it.

――The Bloody Bride, Priscilla Barielle.

For Yae, who had completed all sorts of missions as a shinobi , the days spent together with that woman who was fondly called the Sun Princess by the local population were quite striking, and profoundly memorable.

Originally, Yae’s infiltration as a maid in Priscilla’s vicinity had been something set into motion by Chisha Gold, one of the Empire’s Nine Divine Generals.

Just what sort of significance a woman participating in the Royal Selection of the far-away Kingdom of Lugunica had to the Empire, was not something Yae had been informed of, nor was it something she had even thought to question.

The essence of the shinobi was to obey commands without asking too much, and Yae considered that a preferable trait. The only one who would brazenly disobey was the village chief, and since Yae was not the same as him, she remained obedient.

That said, it was a bit of an illogical and enigmatic mission.

Fundamentally, her job was to monitor the target and report on her actions; she had not received any particular instructions for disruption or sabotage, nor was it simply a matter of a quick assassination. Since Yae had been designated to this task, there was no doubt that they were counting on her befitting skills and ability to return alive, but while she was undercover at the mansion, her days as a simple maid went on monotonously. ――She was loath to say it, but this felt like a bit of a waste of the genius shinobi that was the Crimson Sakura.

In practice, the innate talents Yae had been bestowed were not just that of a shinobi; there was an all-purpose nature to her that allowed her to easily master most other things. And so, flawlessly mastering all the duties of a maid, Yae’s infiltration of the Barielle Mansion was a job just as easy as all her other missions up to this point.

However, only when she interacted directly with Priscilla, did she need to pay extra careful attention.

Throughout her career, Yae had gotten all sorts of opportunities to glimpse important figures.

Counted among those were the White Spider who had ordered Yae on this mission, and for the most part, her village chief known as the Vicious Old Man was also an important figure in the Empire. She had also seen His Excellency the Emperor from a distance―― back then, the Blue Lightning standing next to the Emperor had locked eyes with her and given a wave of his hand, leaving her with the trepidation that there would always be somebody on a higher level than her.

And so even from Yae’s perspective, having encountered those sorts of first-rate individuals, Priscilla’s insight had a somewhat unfathomable quality to it, making it impossible to anticipate just how much she had actually seen through.

Even though it should not have been possible, she had questioned many times if even her own identity as an assassin sent from the Empire had been seen through.

Only, if that suspicion were true, there would have been no reason to keep turning a blind eye to Yae, so her identity should have still been a secret. ――But was that really so? Priscilla was so difficult to read that it was entirely possible that she would turn a blind eye even if she became privy to Yae’s identity.

That could have been called a disposition towards favoring danger without valuing her own life, or perhaps it could have just been outright classified as the delusion she fully believed in without caring what anyone might have thought, repeating on a daily basis how the world would unfold however she wished it to.

Either way―― considering it a misfortune, Yae pitied the “special” Priscilla.

Priscilla possessed exceptional beauty, of course, but she also harbored a bewitching allure that charmed others with her mannerisms, words, and even the manner in which she breathed; whether she desired it or not, that “specialness” would catch the eyes of all sorts of people, leave marks upon their lives, and stir their emotions.

A great number of people would likely place their hopes and expectations on her, only to be consumed by foul desires and emotions. ――After all, even this pity that Yae felt, was something that had been brought about by the “specialness” possessed by that woman.

And as if reading right into Yae’s heart, she had spoken the words mentioned prior.

Eyes cast down upon the book in her hands whilst sitting in her private room, just as Yae was serving tea, noticing how she did not pass even a single glance in her direction, Priscilla had suddenly spoken those words without any forewarning.

Regardless, as had been mentioned previously, Yae was always on guard when interacting directly with Priscilla. So even at this juncture, though she had received a bit of a surprise, she had managed to respond with her usual frivolity.

Mixing in a light playfulness, and acting as if she had no mind to earnestly grasp the meaning, she forged a smile.

And seeing Yae’s unchanged attitude, Priscilla closed a single eye――,

Priscilla: [――Someday, you too shall have no choice but to expend everything you have to offer. Be diligent, and keep mine words close at heart. Your preparations must be “ perrfekt ”, yes?]

Yae never asked about the true meaning of those words.

Her shinobi instincts warned her that asking again might arouse suspicion. But, probably more so than that, Yae was loath to do so.

From the lips of the “special” Priscilla, she did not want such inconvenient words to be hurled at her.

For that reason, Yae did not grasp the true intent behind Priscilla’s words.

Neither did she know the reason Fujirou had named her Yae, nor did she know the village chief’s intentions in endlessly trying to get her to break the ironclad law of the shinobi to the point it felt like harassment; she knew nothing.

In order to avoid being treated as “special” by others, she continued to plug her ears and avert her eyes from all of that.

――After all, that was Yae Tenzen’s life philosophy, not desiring to be “special”, in order to not be desired as “special”.

△▼△▼△▼△

In the end, Yae’s thinking turned out to be correct.

Having shone so radiantly, captivating great numbers of people with her flame-like, “special” way of being, even Priscilla had ended up laying down her life in those cruel and merciless lands of the Empire.

Thus, while fiery emotions with no place left to turn to scorched his soul, the one who had yearned for that “special” woman who was no longer among them, even now still wishing to repay her, was burning his life to naught in order to do so.

Yae Tenzen did not wish to live her life at the mercy of such “specialness”.

That was why, that was precisely why.

That was why, as soon as possible, she would rid this world of the “specialness” that had burdened her with such an undesirable fixation.

Unmistakably, that was the sole reason why Yae was willing to risk her life to assist the man abandoned by the “specialness” his heart had yearned for――,

Yae: [――Hk.]

The discus of ice rapidly revolved on all axes without consideration for its surroundings, yet still using it as a platform whilst constructing the battlefield, Yae intercepted the incoming Oni girl―― Rem.

A steel thread reeling out from her right hand dashed up vertically, and a steel thread from her left hand snagged a dagger to perform a horizontal sweep; the two varieties of precise, and difficult-to-avoid, severing flashes pincered Rem from the front and behind.

――Due to the cooperation of her opponents, Yae had failed to stop Emilia from fleeing the battlefield.

Having grown wings of ice upon her back, Emilia received the momentum of the ice discus that had been forced into a spin, and caught the wind; chasing Al as he soared far off to a distant sky, she was rapidly gaining speed. As she got further from the two who could do nothing but plummet straight downwards head-first, she at last escaped the range at which a steel thread could still reach her.

It was not impossible to still use a thread to launch some projectile like a stone fragment or sword at her, but――,

Rem: [Looking away is forbidden!]

With that, after countering the double-layered attack from a moment prior by meeting the dagger with her chains, and bending down to evade the steel thread, Rem obstructed Yae, causing the chance to take such an action to slip through Yae’s fingers.

While gritting her teeth at that failure, Yae pivoted to get away from Rem as she rushed her down, and using the steel thread she had sent out as a grip, she executed a wide turn, circling around to the other side of the ice discus,

Yae: [Isn’t it a bit unfair to become so formidable all of a sudden? For what reason――]

Rem: [――It’s love!]

Yae: […Shouldn’t have asked!]

Chasing after Yae as she went over to the other side of the ice disk, Rem smashed through the ice by sheer force. Distancing herself at an apt medium range from the barbarity of the Oni girl whose vitality surged along with the brightness of the horn on her head, Yae’s footwork managed to sidestep the iron ball wielded by the stout arm, and sticking to the revolving platform, she spun around behind Rem.

It was a high velocity, but although there was a certain randomness to the direction of the ice disk’s rotation around its origin, the speed of rotation itself had a fixed rhythm to it. So long as she kept to that, there was no risk of losing the platform, and so Yae freely danced across the ice, leaping and bounding as if in flight.

And contrary to Yae’s magnificent mastery over the ice disk, Rem’s movements were plain and simple――,

Rem: [Won’t let you do that…!]

As Rem firmly declared so, she struck the ice with a pointed hand, with the tips of her toes, and with the iron ball held close in her grip; using them as wedges to secure herself, she ferociously pursued Yae with beast-like movements.

Far removed from refinement or grace, the hunting style was like that of a savage carnivorous beast―― and yet, she was fast. As Yae fled in a dance, the distance between the two of them was shortening in the blink of an eye.

Yae: [Aren’t you way too unconcerned with appearances, and isn’t that totally improper conduct for a maid?]

Rem: [Unfortunately, there is only one quality our master requires from his maids―― utmost effort!]

Raising her face, Rem twisted her body with three of her limbs as anchors, utilizing the rotation of the ice disk to launch an attack of her iron ball with minimal movement. Its might was dispersed through the mobilization of the steel threads, but as she had needed to fire them directly to her side, Yae internally clicked her tongue.

A battle to decide on the best maid between the two factions―― Yae did not have the leeway to joke about such things.

Superior in skill, Yae could even assert that she was three stages higher in terms of strength, but against Rem, Yae simply had a poor affinity. The Morningstar wielded by Rem was a weighty weapon, and those kinds of heavyweight attacks that aimed to guarantee a kill with a single blow were the most troublesome to defend against using steel threads.

The strength of steel threads was that they had the potential to defend against any attack so long as they were bundled and intertwined together, but that necessitated an adequate amount of time as well as a suitable number of threads. For Yae to defend against Rem’s blows, she needed to use at least seven fingers to guarantee safety.

If she was unwilling to do that, then she also had the option of dodging, but――,

Yae: [The aim is way too accurate…!]

Despite how unstable this platform was, Rem was able to launch her iron ball in a way that came biting at Yae as if it were a great serpent.

Each throw followed a trajectory straight towards the exact middle of Yae’s body, and although she would not fail to defend against it even if she held her eyes closed, the rhythm of her own attacks was collapsing.

And to top it all off, the fearsome combat capabilities of the Oni Clan would now be thrown into the mix.

Rem: [RAHHHhhhhh!!]

With all four of her limbs planted in the ice discus, Rem’s entire body discharged red steam as she roared.

That was the result of the low temperature from falling thousands of meters from a high altitude, the Oni Clan trait of invigorating all the Mana surging through her body, and finally, rapid regeneration from the lacerations given to her from Yae’s steel threads.

Until now, while Yae was evading Rem’s lethal blows, she had carved her with many wounds that aimed to render her incapable of fighting. But, none of them could outstrip the Oni’s regeneration.

And, above all――,

Yae: [Sh――!]

Bringing her rings to her lips in a kiss, the steel threads were once again swallowed by tongues of flame.

That instant, after Yae had blanketed Rem’s vision in flame, she aimed for the neck of the enemy on the other side of this heat wave, and with a flick of her arm―― with a speed nearing that of sound, the steel thread flashed as it aimed to perform a decapitation.

That was one of Yae’s original techniques that could not be found written down anywhere in a book of secrets, and was the fastest brandish possible amidst the Steel Thread Technique employed by Yae; something that Al might have called an “ultimate move”. She had confidence that this invisible thread attack of undiscernible range, a flash of absolute death, could vanquish any opponent. ――And yet, Rem had avoided it.

And that was not just once, but twice.

Yae: [――Hk.]

In its initial reveal, it had been an attack that had aimed to take out both Rem and Emilia at once.

Since that had been averted, this time, she aimed not just for the neck, but for the chest, unleashing the single flash so that it could not be dodged by the retraction of the head. It sliced through the wind as if to proclaim that it would not allow any fluke evasions―― hence, the fact that Rem managed to avoid it was no miracle or fortuity. It was inevitable.

Rem had fully seen through Yae’s Steel Thread Technique.

The ice fog had already vanished from their surroundings, so this was a different method to how Emilia had perceived the steel threads based on how the ice particles were being sliced. Though, she had no way to confirm the exact principle behind it.

Yae: [Won’t let you do that.]

No longer keeping up the appearances that were meaningless to keep up, Yae muttered as she tensed the corners of her mouth.

Won’t let them do that. Won’t let them go. Won’t let them stop him. ――Yae would thwart both Emilia and Rem.

Yae: [――――]

Stretching out his wings of stone, Al had fled to the sky without waiting on the outcome of this battle.

Even if he had left her behind, Yae would not take that as him abandoning her. It was not impossible that he had abandoned her, but Al had a tendency to be frugal. He would not easily give up on the pawns and cards in his arsenal.

And so, Yae would take Al’s breakaway as him entrusting it to her. She would interpret it as an order to stop the two who were chasing after him, no matter what it took.

Hence, Al had granted it to Yae. ――A license to kill.

Yae: [――Even if it means killing you, I’ll stop you.]

I’ll stop them, I’ll stop them, no matter what it takes, I will stop them.

She would see to it that Al accomplished his objective. Anything that might get in the way of that would be removed. Everything was so that she could have Al, floundering after having lost Priscilla, who was his own “specialness”, disappear from the world as soon as possible.

After all, if she did not do so, Yae Tenzen would be unable to return to the self who obeyed the ironclad law of the shinobi , to the self who would never give her heart to anything, and to the self who loathed being “special”, who distanced herself from it at all costs.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Your stars were bad.]

Indeed, the monster who had taught Yae Tenzen the meaning of dread, uttered those same words over and over again.

Her days at the Barielle Mansion, sent there as an undercover operative, abruptly came to an end.

Performing her daily maid duties, teasing the adorable butler apprentice, and joking around with the clownish Knight who did not receive any Knightly treatment; working for the tremendously dazzling Sun Princess had been not so bad.

But, Yae’s own emotions would not matter in the slightest once she received the order. She would fulfill her duty and disappear without leaving a trace.

Thus, in order to carry out the assassination directive that had been passed so suddenly, Yae attempted to sneak up on Priscilla in her bedroom; but, in a dark corridor of the mansion, she was stopped by that man.

Leaving no room for excuses, obstructing her as though he had known all along, the man―― Al, battled Yae in a death ballet.

Even if she called it a death ballet, the difference in their abilities was evident. Although he was the Knight of a Royal Candidate, Al’s strength was far inferior to Yae’s, so the outcome was decided in an instant―― or so it ought to have been.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

The man whose heart she had certainly gouged out hurled those words at her in the same tone. Even when faced with that abnormal situation, Yae’s body acted without delay, stripping him of his life for a second time.

Someone who would not die even when killed; this was not her first encounter against such an individual. There were a great number of bizarre and astonishing people in this world, and she had even fought against someone who had not just two, but three hearts. All she had needed to do was crush all three hearts for that person to properly die. The important thing was to just keep killing them until they died.

She lopped off his head. Bisected his torso. Burned his whole body. Plucked off all his limbs. Tore out his throat. Smashed his skull. Gouged out his eyeballs. Peeled all the skin off his back. Shattered all of his bones. Crushed his organs. Fed him poison. Plunged him into the ground. Plunged him into water. Wrung his neck. Wrung everything other than his neck. Testing out all manner of shinobi techniques on him, she robbed him of the life benamed life, enacting every conceivable manner of slaughter as she drove the act of killing to its absolute limit.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

But, no matter how many times she killed him, Al would get back up, hurling those same words at her.

Wielding the entirety of the shinobi techniques in her arsenal, and attempting every countermeasure that came into her mind, Yae finally abandoned rationale and tried yielding herself to her instincts, but she still could not kill him. She had failed to fully kill him.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

She attempted to put him through torture that would make him regret being born. It was all for naught. She attempted to abandon her mission and get away. It was all for naught. She attempted to drag other people into the fray. It was all for naught.

After finally having enough, she even attempted to put a thread around her own neck and end it all.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

Even that, was all for naught.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

The repetitions of the same dialogue, an unending helix loitering in the interval between death and death; conferred with those same things for a time that seemed to stretch on forever and ever, for the first time in her life―― Yae Tenzen knew dread.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

If it meant she could be saved, she was willing to do anything. She vowed to do anything.

If it meant she could put an end to this, she was willing to do anything. She vowed to do anything.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

Even with dread newly awakened in her heart, she won no pardon from Al, from the man, from the monster.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

Even after her heart was exhaustively shattered beyond repair, the monster’s indifferent cruelty showed no signs of stopping.

She was unable to even keep count anymore. There existed none in this world whom Yae had fought to the death as much as this monster.

A countless number of times, Yae had killed him, and a number of times she wished not even to count, Yae had been killed by him.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

This kind of individual, there was nobody else like him. Such a thing was not needed. She did not want to even consider the chance of there being another.

Even now that she had been released from that endless torment on the monster’s whim, even now that she had pledged obedience to him and was devoting her entire being to his objective, it had been engraved into the depths of her soul.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

There was no choice but to have the monster, to have the man, to have Al, disappear as soon as possible.

After all, no matter the trigger, no matter the reason, no matter the relationship, Yae Tenzen’s heart must never be shackled to anything.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

――After all, her heart must never, be shackled, to anything.

△▼△▼△▼△

Yae: [――Your stars were bad.]

As Yae’s lips spun those words, an invisible light of decapitation surged forth, aiming for Rem’s slender neck.

Perceiving that alongside the sensation of goosebumps on her skin, Rem reflexively swung her arm gripping the Morningstar, swatting away the flash by wedging the chain into its trajectory.

The boundary of death, unmistakably, they were standing on the boundary of death.

It was the type of high-risk situation that Rem had not encountered when she had lost her memories and fighting strength in the Vollachian Empire, and at present, Rem was in a state that she had never managed to reach before having lost her memories, even in the battles against the Sin Archbishops and the White Whale.

Rem: [――Subaru-kun.]

Amidst sensations that seemed as if her organs were quaking and her blood was boiling, the greatest heat was stored within the horn sprouting from her head―― vividly experiencing the strength, emotions, and pulsations of the world pouring in from there, Rem roused her soul by calling out the name of that darling boy.

Synergizing the advice she had received from the dazzling Sun Princess with the swell of feelings towards her beloved, the blood of the Oni Clan flowing through Rem’s veins was finally able to exhibit its original specs.

Even so, the gap in abilities between Rem and Yae was vast, so the fact that she was able to persist so much against someone ranked among the foremost powerful individuals Rem had witnessed until this point, was not solely thanks to her own strength.

In order to stop Yae―― to stop Al and his group, this was the culmination of the many forces who had endlessly refused to back down.

Starting at the Pleiades Watchtower, a clash with the Felt Camp and then a battle at the Royal Capital, followed by Otto’s relentless pursuit; by using this divide and conquer tactic and steadily piling on the irregulars , Al’s group was bound hand and foot by the inescapable chains of attrition.

What had allowed the gap in strength between Rem and Yae to be temporarily bridged, was the weight of those chains. In addition to that, an ironic twist of fate had become a tailwind for Rem.

That was――,

Yae: [――Hk.]

Yae grit her teeth as one of her fingers sprung up, sending a thread reeling out as it sliced through the air in an onslaught towards Rem.

As countless severing flashes rained down upon her, Rem keenly sensed them through her horn; chaining together perfect evasion after perfect evasion, she made it out with the life that ought to have been cut short, ferociously clinging to the battlefield.

The secret to that evasion, seemingly brushed by the hand of the divine―― no, by the hand of an Oni, lay in but one thing.

Rem: [――Bloodlust.]

She could see it. She could feel it. It was coming through to her. ――Through the horn of the Oni Clan, her opponent’s intent was transmitted.

That vividly colored boundary of death, evading it, tracing it, and bouncing it back, Rem closed in on Yae.

Just before Emilia had set off, and just after Al had fled the battlefield, Yae’s attacks had started to be tinged with a definite bloodlust. A boisterous dance of bloodlust, showing no hesitation in Yae’s will to decapitate her or slice off all four of her limbs, vehemently stimulated her Oni Clan instincts, ironically yielding a state of hyper-reactivity within Rem.

If Yae had kept to the initial policy of “no-killing” and faced off against Rem, she would have likely rendered Rem powerless much sooner. ――As the result of starting to go all-out with her true abilities as a shinobi , Yae’s attacks had lost their ability to reach Rem.

If not an ironic tailwind, just what could this be called?

Rem: [――――]

Digging her toes into the revolving ice disk as she supported her body, Rem grasped Yae within the field of vision glistening with ice shards flying about, the smile gone from her face as she stared at her.

The figure of Yae sharpening her almond-shaped eyes was so captivatingly beautiful as she regulated her heart; as for what was sustaining her supply-tempered body, Rem understood perfectly.

What had filled Yae’s slender body to the brim, was a sense of duty.

A wish that she needed to fulfill at all costs, and a prayer that she wished to accomplish no matter what it took; those were the things that granted Yae extraordinary power, giving her the resolve to not even care about making an enemy of the world.

Thus, as for where that sense of duty originated from, Rem was well aware.

Rem: [After all, I’m… Rem is, the same way.]

With a horn growing out of her forehead, her entire body littered in wounds, while plummeting down headfirst from five-thousand meters up high, the reason why Rem was standing here now was also because of a sense of duty.

A wish that she needed to fulfill at all costs, and a prayer that she wished to accomplish no matter what it took; those were the things that granted Rem extraordinary power, giving her the resolve to throw everything away in order to save a single person.

Thus, as for where this sense of duty originated from, Rem had no reason to keep it hidden.

That was――,

Rem: [――Love!!]

Yae: [One who knows little often repeats it… hk!]

As Rem howled, Yae’s voice filled with irritation in response.

The expression of the shinobi , of congealed or perhaps fabricated emotions, that would by no means ever reveal her true feelings, slowly began to unravel. However, Rem would not interpret that as conceit, carelessness, or lack of experience.

Gritting one’s teeth was only natural.  ――That is, if one was to devote their everything for the sake of another.

Rem: [――――]

In the corner of her eye, amidst the fierce battle, a line engraved into the cliff face grazed Rem’s attention.

The Agzadd Canyon, the five-thousand meters, the final stretch, all that remained until they reached the bottom was――,

Rem: [――Ten seconds!!]

Yae: [――Hk.]

While fighting off the thread storm that seemed as if a tidal wave closing in, Rem deliberately called that out.

She would give her information. Increase the factors for decision making. Disrupting her thinking, and causing hesitation in just one or two of those twenty digits on her hands and feet. She would irritate her, strip her emotions down bare, and make Yae hate her. Making her overflow with malice, enmity, and murderous intent, she would slip past it, slip past, slip past slip past slip past slip slip slip――.

And then――,

Rem: [Here!]

Just as Rem and Emilia had planned―― five seconds after the final ten seconds commenced, an impact from directly below would mercilessly perforate the ice discus.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

Indeed, the monster residing in Yae’s heart would often mutter those words.

Even now, the man’s voice that Yae felt like she had heard however many thousands and tens of thousands of times, still haunted her dreams.

At first, she had found that catchphrase of Al’s to be rather odious. After all, even the stars would eventually get tired of being blamed for anything and everything, and would end up wanting to object.

Even though it was not the stars’ fault that Yae’s heart had been chipped and shattered, and was rather unmistakably the monster’s fault, how could he dare to shift the blame like that?

Only, she gradually came to realize that she had been mistaken, that this was not the man shifting blame.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

Whenever he spoke those words, Al was by no means celebrating his triumph.

Present there was nothing like contempt or scorn, but rather, things akin to pity and compassion.

As proof of that, the monster, the man, Al, had refrained from saying it.

Following the death of Priscilla Barielle, he did not resort to saying the stars had failed him.

When his own worthless self had failed to save her life, he did not resort to saying the stars had failed him.

Aldebaran: [――Your stars were bad.]

Whenever the monster, whenever the man, whenever Al spoke those words, it was always on the occasion that his own outrageous power thwarted the desires or goals of an opponent. Those words, spun out of pity, compassion, and feelings of guilt, were always to impart this sentiment unto the other party.

――It isn’t your fault ; such was its significance.

Ahh, how unpleasant.

How unpleasant, how unpleasant. How truly unpleasant.

She had not wanted to realize such a thing.

Al’s words, the man’s gaze, the monster’s heart, she had not wanted to realize any of those things.

Yae did not want to discover any motivation other than dread from Al. She did not want to embrace it. She did not want to feel it.

Therefore, as soon as possible, she wanted to put an end to it.

――Upon this “specialness”, she did not wish to bestow any name other than dread.

△▼△▼△▼△

Yae: [Everything… is the fault… of the stars…]

Hearing those sounds spill from her own lips, Yae snapped back to reality after her consciousness trailed off for just a moment.

At that moment, she could tell that her body had been blown into the air, and that her field of vision was spinning around.

A crash, yes, there had been a crash.

Something had struck the ice discus from below, and the impact that shattered the ice had also run through Yae.

When she glanced down at the edge of her consciousness to see what had shattered the ice discus, there was the summit of an enormous mountain of ice that had been erected at the bottom of the canyon in which they had fallen down thousands of meters―― freezing the great river that ran through the ravine floor, it had been shaped into a dreadfully colossal mass of ice, lying in wait for the falling ice disk.

Factoring in the momentum of their descent, the air resistance, and the number of seconds they had been falling, she estimated that the distance of the fall was roughly five thousand meters―― the only geography matching those specifications that she could think of was the Agzadd Canyon, the largest canyon in the world; witnessing the great feat that was freezing the river that ran along its bottom, Yae realized just how extraordinary Emilia’s magic truly was.

But, what had struck her the most deeply was――,

Yae: […You’re quite the tough woman, aren’t you.]

Amidst her revolving vision, fragments of the shattered ice disk sparkled like diamond dust within the breathtaking scenery, and therein did Yae catch sight of Rem, crowned by her shining horn.

At the moment of the crash, Rem had fled to the sky in order to avoid the impact, and using the scattered ice blocks as platforms to accelerate, she was about to come charging at Yae, who also still remained in the sky.

She had been tricked into thinking that there were ten seconds left until impact, when in reality, there had only remained five.

To lose one’s composure, was a blunder unbecoming of a shinobi . To lag behind, was a folly unbecoming of a maid. And to go against the duty entrusted to her, was a deed unbecoming of the Crimson Sakura――,

Yae: [――Your stars… were bad.]

Neither was that directed towards the Oni girl drawing near before her eyes, nor towards herself as she put on such a disgraceful display, but rather, towards the one no longer present here, towards the monster who had soared far, far into the distance, Yae spoke.

With the same nuance that the monster would always attach whenever he hurled those words at another, she spoke those words to the monster.

Yae: [――Ah.]

The impact Yae had been struck by had caused her entire body to creak, and she was even unsure if all her limbs were still properly attached. But, this numbness was nothing. She had already overcome numbness back during her poison resistance training. This sensation in her hands and feet was nothing. All the bones in her body had already been broken back during her torture drills. This cloudiness of mind was nothing. She had already surmounted the training to fight in a near-death state, with vast amounts of blood drained from her body. The fact that every single one of those things was now useful to her made her feel like she could hear the village chief’s wily laughter, which aggravated her.

It aggravated her, but――,

Yae: [――Ahhh.]

Thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions, tens of millions of times, she had repeated the same movements.

The steel threads that had seen no wielder in several hundreds of years, that which demanded the delicate skill to move one’s fingertips by millimeters at the utmost precision, in a state of numbness, low on blood, and with a clouded mind, Yae operated them.

Even if seventy percent of her lifeforce poured out of her body, the digits pulling those steel threads would not err.

Yae: [――AHHHHHHHhh!]

She pulled tight on her extended arms and legs, and in that moment, the chunks of ice bound by those steel threads ferociously bolted through the sky.

The fragments of the shattered ice discus, ensnaring them with her threads, Yae had them whirl violently through the air to match her body’s rhythm, slamming them right into the side of Rem as she charged towards her.

Rem: [――――]

A thunderous crash rang out, and Rem was sent flying away by an ice chunk with vehement vigor.

And as if to kick Rem when she was down, the ice chunks caught by the steel threads crashed into her one after another, after another, and after another; the barrage of powerful blows rained down upon her as she slammed into the summit of the ice mountain.

A white spray of snow was blown up into the air, and with blood mixing into the enshrouding ice fog, the ice mountain would be made into the Oni’s gravestone. ――That instant, the gravestone was perforated, and the iron ball shooting straight out of it thrust directly into Yae.

Yae: [――Uh.]

The spikes accompanying that heinous lump of iron gouged into Yae’s torso, deeply penetrating the side of her abdomen.

But, she had avoided damage to her vital organs by shifting them aside. Through the inhumane shinobi modifications to her flesh, Yae could shift the positioning of her internal organs. The spikes pierced a cavity with nothing in it, scattering blood from her back.

However, this was a blow she had deliberately taken.

Tightening her muscles, she trapped the spiked iron ball in her own body.

Subsequently, emerging out of the enshrouding white fog of snow was the blood-stained Oni, ferociously leaping upwards as she followed the chain of the iron ball that had stuck into Yae.

Her trajectory was perfectly straight, bereft of any twist or artifice, a straight line following her heart―― awaiting in her path as she soared up, was a deployment of steel threads laid out in a web.

Rem: [――――]

Voluntarily diving into the steel thread birdcage that would tear her body to shreds, it birthed countless lacerations upon Rem’s white skin as it attempted to cut her body up into hundreds of little chunks of meat.

But, just before that could come to fruition, Rem’s lips spun an incantation,

Rem: [Huma.]

It was a spell that created ice, one that she had thoroughly borne witness to throughout the course of this battle.

For Rem to opt for that in this eleventh hour, Yae’s entire body was on guard for where the ice would be created, exercising her senses in the three-hundred and sixty degrees of every direction around her, she readied herself to defend against any kind of surprise attack.

However, that had been unnecessary. There was no surprise attack. The ice took shape right before Yae’s eyes.

The stream of feedback from the steel threads that ought to have carved Rem’s body to shreds came to a halt. Taking a look, the steel threads that had dug into her flesh had been stopped by red ice―― by her own frozen blood.

As soon as Yae comprehended that, her kiss set the steel threads alight with flame, and the explosive heat melted the frozen blood, and attempted to recommence the lethal thread attack. But, it was too late.

Rem: [YAHHHHH――!!]

Without overlooking the momentary bending of the threads, Rem howled as she raised her fist against Yae.

A blow imbued with the resolve to settle this battle, alongside the power to make that happen; the fact that Rem’s bloodstained white fist held such might, was something that Yae perceived from her measurements.

Hence, she would not take this blow. She could not afford to take this blow. After all, she still had Emilia to take care of.

In order to reach that point, she drew her trump card.

Yae: [――――]

The mobilization of steel threads utilizing all twenty of the digits between her hands and feet, had been evaded by the enemy.

But, it was not over. It was not over yet. The trump card of Yae Tenzen’s Steel Thread Technique, sticking out her red tongue as if to provoke her opponent――,

Yae: [Behhh.]

Out from a ring placed on the tip of her tongue, her final flash of severance was unleashed.

True to its aim, it struck the slender neck of Rem as she ferociously approached, rending her life in a single brandish.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Crimson Sakura, Yae Tenzen, was an unparalleled genius of a shinobi .

The Vicious Old Man, Olbart Dunkelkenn, held her talents and capabilities in a very high regard.

The person in question very much hated being praised so highly, but that averse reaction seemed only to fuel Olbart’s sadistic delight, and so he had never let her hear the end of it.

Given his years of experience, he was likely stronger than her overall.

But, her raw talent far exceeded his own, so with enough years of experience, she would easily transform into the strongest shinobi , untouchable by anyone. Hence, he could somewhat understand why some might have had big dreams for Yae.

Be that as it may, he was his own person, and other people were other people.

There was no point in dreams that were fulfilled by somebody else. Hence, still harboring big dreams of his own, the only thing Olbart could do for that genius girl was offer her some heartfelt advice―― no, a warning.

Olbart: [Ya don’t wanna? Listen, I’ve been there myself. Remarkable folk like the two of us end up livin’ longer than most ordinary shinobi ‘thout even realizin’ it, ‘n we end up seein’ tons’a things. So occasionally, there’ll be times. Times when you’ll hafta end up breakin’ the ironclad law of the shinobi .]

Olbart: [Hm? Ya think it’s a matter of people who don’t hold anythin’ dear ta ‘em bein’ weak? Nah, nah, y’ain’t gettin’ what I’m sayin’. It’d be somethin’ more like, ya can’t deal with a poison that’cha don’t know, yeah?]

Olbart: [Ya make brats drink poison when they’re young so they won’t die from it later. ‘N so, tellin’ ya that it’d be fine ta keep at least a single somethin’ in yer heart, was just some advice ta keep ya from dyin’.]

Olbart: [After all, never’ve I loved, nor ever been loved. Makes ya end up incredibly weak, that sorta thing. ――I’m tellin’ ya, the first time a shinobi goes ‘n starts holdin’ someone dear… Kakakakka!]

△▼△▼△▼△

With the brandish of her trump card, a steel thread bolted out from the ring placed over her tongue, and without err, it reaped the slender neck of the Oni girl leaping towards her, severing the connection between head and torso.

Annulling the “no-killing” restriction, she had succeeded in the elimination of one of the obstacles standing in the way of Al’s objective.

Thinking of that fact, and anticipating Al’s reaction when he learned of this, Yae felt a grating sensation in the depths of her chest――,

Yae: [――Hah?]

Just before she could digest that heartache, Yae widened her eyes, doubting the sight before her eyes.

Beyond any shadow of a doubt, Yae’s steel thread had severed Rem’s slender neck. She had distinctly felt the sensation that accompanied cutting away a prey’s life, and she had certainly heard the rasp of the wind that blew upon severing the blood and flesh and bone that made up a life.

And despite all that――,

Rem: [――I wasn’t exactly playing fair either.]

Yae’s crimson eyes intersected Rem’s pale blue ones. And, there was still light to be found in those eyes.

Then, the red line emblematic of her reaped life, one that certainly ought to have been left as a mark on her neck, slowly faded away. ――Neither had she protected against it, nor had she evaded it; the blow that by all means was supposed to have taken her life, had been cancelled.

That was not something that could simply be explained by the regeneration possessed by the Oni Clan; a miracle that should have never happened. Even in this vast world, the likes of someone capable of wielding that level of healing magic was――,

Yae: [――Al-sama.]

The monster who, even when making an enemy of the world, seemed like he would absolutely never lose; she had wanted to assist him.

She had hoped that by doing so, she would be able to erase the “specialness” living within her own heart.

And yet――,

???: [――Your stars were bad.]

Shutting her eyes, she once again heard the dreadful words that seemed to make all her hairs stand on end.

Though oddly enough, right now, in this moment alone, the feeling they inspired within Yae was not dread, but instead.

Yae: [The cause of my defeat…]

Rem: [――Is love.]

The powerful arm unleashed alongside that answer, smashed into the iron ball stuck within Yae’s torso.

Far more lethal than the fall from five-thousand meters, the Oni’s thunderbolt exploded―― atop the icy crown of the mountain amidst crags of the Agzadd Canyon, cherry blossoms fluttered down as though in requiem.

――Before the Blue Oni, the Crimson Sakura known as Yae Tenzen, ephemeral as her namesake’s petals, was scattered to the wind in violent splendor.

--- Chapter 52: Aldebaran Ⅰ ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Aldebaran recalled the Witch imparting those words upon him as if it were yesterday.

In real time, it would have been close to twenty years ago, but in terms of perceived time, it was a completely different order of magnitude.

Even if he remembered the number of attempts he had needed for individual deadlocks, he had not memorized the total number of attempts he had taken across everything; not to mention, the amount of time that had passed throughout all of that would have been so outrageous that he did not want to even think about it. Only, it was an absolute truth that he was expending far more time than a single lifetime would usually allow.

Be that as it may, even after going through all that time, it would be incorrect to assume that Aldebaran had reached the same mental state as the elves who lived for hundreds of years in perennial youth.

If the human mind was something that started out as immature before eventually maturing enough to reach a state of aged wisdom, that was because the passage of time would allow one to experience both the sweet and the sour, granting the mind ample room to grow.

But, all the time Aldebaran spent outside the passage of actual time was, so to speak, a series of stagnant moments used to break through whatever difficulty was laid before his eyes. In practice, those would range from a few seconds to a few minutes at most, and just by repeating those small intervals countless times, a human could not hope to grow.

Ergo, Aldebaran believed that the accumulation of time repeated by his Authority was time spent in futility, something that only ever served to abrade his heart, and never to foster its growth.

Even if it was time spent in such futility, when it got to the point of repeating several hundreds, tens of thousands, hundreds of millions of times, the brain would automatically begin filtering memories, attempting to rob Aldebaran of his genuine recollections.

Nevertheless, there certainly existed memories that did not fade; recollections that, rather than his brain, seemed to be etched into his very soul, and the aforementioned words were undoubtedly among them.

But then again, if in addition to already lacking memories of all the time he had lived, Aldebaran were to also say that he did not even wish to remember all of it, he could picture that Witch, the very incarnation of a curiosity who eagerly wanted to know everything, quietly muttering to herself “I see, what a shame”.

Although she boasted that she could not understand emotions, the Witch was an expert at putting on an act to bend others to her will. And despite knowing that, Aldebaran could not defy the Witch’s words or attitude.

That was the manner in which he had been disciplined, in which he had been reshaped―― were he to phrase it in such a way, it might have been a fair matchup against the inhumanity of the shinobi village that he had happened to hear bits and pieces about from Yae.

In this case, it was toss-up between whether it was the shinobi village, treated as equal to the Witch, who were the crazy ones, or if it was actually the Witch, single-handedly contending against the entire history of the shinobi village, who was truly insane.

――Either way, the current Aldebaran was a product of the Witch’s creation.

Witch: [Even if you say that, you do have the right to live your own life. That alone is a domain that even a creator must not one-sidedly intrude upon. Hence, supposing you sincerely believe that you cannot follow me from the bottom of your heart, you may withdraw from the plan at any time. That is your freedom.]

On occasion, the Witch would say such things as though to question Aldebaran’s resolve.

It was an unusual concern for a Witch to bear. Fundamentally, once she had secured the other party’s consent, the Witch’s usual strategy was to always maneuver in such a way that the promises she had coerced could not be taken back.

In fact, among the lessons and assignments that the Witch had levied upon Aldebaran, there had been plenty with contents nightmarish enough to have made him hesitate had he not agreed to not giving up in advance. Whenever the Witch made him do such things, she would never ask him if he wished to stop once she had gotten him to agree.

And yet, when it came to the root of it all, his initial, and most foundational resolve, she would often press him about it.

Aldebaran interpreted that as potentially being the Witch’s own way of expressing her sense of guilt or inner turmoil, but was that really so?

The Witch proclaimed herself as unable to comprehend emotion, however, there was no way that she did not know the likes of rage, joy, and sorrow. If she was capable of expressing those sorts of human emotions, then would it not also be possible for her to harbor a sense of guilt or apprehension toward the future?

At the very least, throughout the time Aldebaran had spent with the Witch, even if there were times when he had thought her a Witch incapable of comprehending the human heart, he had never once thought her a Witch bereft of a human heart.

In the interval between “not having” and “not understanding”, there lay a completely different landscape.

Could it be that this simply manifested in the form of the Witch’s questions? If that were the case, then for each time she had voiced that question, had the Witch perhaps felt lost?

Lamenting the harsh path that she would eventually have Aldebaran walk, and desiring to respect Aldebaran’s own will, letting him choose his own life; had such a turmoil existed within her?

Maybe, just maybe, on the one in a million chance, on the one in a billion chance that the Witch did have such feelings―― ironically enough, that became the exact reason why Aldebaran would not go back on his resolve.

Therefore――,

Witch: [――I see.]

Hearing the same answer Aldebaran always gave, the Witch’s reaction had also been the same as ever.

Perhaps he was being played.

Perhaps from the very moment Aldebaran had been created until that day, the Witch had been pouring ample amounts of time into brainwashing him. Perhaps the Witch harbored none of the feelings of guilt or hesitation that Aldebaran had anticipated.

Perhaps, she truly was such a wicked Witch.

But, even if he were to pose that question directly to her, the Witch, putting on that beautiful smile of white and black,

Witch: [Naturally. ――I am a wicked magician, after all.]

In such a manner, voicing answers that gave no clue as to their sincerity or deception, she toyed with Aldebaran.

△▼△▼△▼△

Basking in the roaring winds, Aldebaran glided through the air at furious speeds.

He thought the sight of him spreading wings of stone on his back, catching the wind as he soared, would have looked terribly ridiculous, but he had no need to concern himself with appearances.

As Yae held back their opponents, he would need to gain as much distance as possible, as well as eliminate the difference in elevation.

Aldebaran: [Though, I can’t imagine that they were targeting my Territory.]

Even as those words spilled from Aldebaran, he concentrated the majority of his attention on the formulation and operation of the stone wings on his back.

The construction of the stone wings demanded an extremely delicate balance, with the size and hardness also requiring very fine adjustment. If they were too big, they would be tossed around too much by the wind, but if they were too small, the objective could not even be realized in the first place. Hardness and density were also tied to weight, so tuning them too much or too little would inevitably lead to a crash.

Aldebaran: [Gotta hand it to Icarus for getting it right on his first try…!]

Speaking of taking to the skies with man-made wings, the one who came to mind was Icarus, the great predecessor who had fashioned wings of wax; setting aside the fate he met, the fact that his wings had not only been able to glide, but had been able to flap and carry him up close to the sun quite honestly filled Aldebaran with wonder.

Just how many times had Aldebaran crashed on account of poorly constructed wings? ――That would have been exactly what the opponent wanted, so after tackling the problem again countless times, he had finally managed to fashion his current wings of stone.

Even that was an intense feat that could not have been realized without utmost concentration and scrupulous caution, but――,

Aldebaran: [I couldn’t afford to continue falling like that.]

That reality and his impatience: they were the greatest reasons behind Aldebaran’s ability to level up his Level 1 stone wings with great haste, getting them to a level capable of flight for the time being―― although Aldebaran had confidence in himself as the user of an invincible Authority, it was not as though his Territory had no shortcomings whatsoever.

The enemy’s ambush on this occasion was something that had inadvertently struck two of those weaknesses simultaneously. Strictly speaking, it could perhaps be better described as an attack on the same weak point from two different angles.

For Aldebaran’s Authority, “Territory”, there existed a valid range of effectiveness.

The teleport brought about as a result of the ambush had thrown Aldebaran outside of the established area of his Territory. On top of that, factoring in that the destination of the teleport was a free fall from an extremely high elevation, it served as an attack against Aldebaran that would cause the destruction of the second Territory.

As a result, amidst his descent at furious speeds, Aldebaran had made sure to commit suicide before he fell outside the bounds of his Territory, restarting from the middle of the fall many times over. Amidst those repetitions, he deemed that it would be impossible to break out of this high-altitude situation as he fell with his freedom of movement so severely restricted; after testing a variety of different plans, he arrived at attempting to escape on stone wings.

At the very least, this slowed his descending change in elevation, allowing him to maintain his Territory with relative ease. And just as Aldebaran had finished untying that troublesome knot――,

???: [――Al!!]

Indeed, sharply calling out to Aldebaran as he exerted all his efforts to maintain balance, was the voice of a silver bell.

Turning his head to glance back, from a considerably lower altitude than Aldebaran, he could clearly see the figure of an angel―― no, of Emilia, flying in the same direction as he.

Bearing wings forged of ice upon her slender back, she was rapidly closing the distance; despite using the same method as Aldebaran, hers established an overwhelming lead in terms of their striking visual appeal.

Aldebaran: [Unbelievable.]

He hoped it would be clear that there was no helping the dumbfounded, nearly admiring groan that had escaped him.

The amount of hardship Aldebaran had endured to complete these stone wings, unshapely as they were, had already been described. Precisely because he had gone through all that effort, he felt respect towards Icarus and his wax wings.

But, just like the Icarus of myth, Emilia’s senses had succeeded in crafting artificial wings on her first try, achieving the same result as Aldebaran despite his innumerable failures; rather than feeling respect towards that, he merely felt the definitive gap between them, furthering his sense of defeat.

Aldebaran: [Even if the idea that I’m just being a bumbling idiot who crashed over six hundred times is slightly better than the idea that the lil’ miss is a genius, it’s not any solace whatsoever.]

The strength of Aldebaran’s Territory lay within its war of endurance, allowing him to persist over the course of an unlimited number of attempts until even the slightest chance of victory arrived. His greatest advantage was his ability to continue playing the cards in his hand until his opponent blundered, giving rise to a situation in which Aldebaran could gain the upper hand.

However, while this also applied to his battle against Reinhard, there existed rare individuals in this world capable of consistently arriving at the correct answers. Those right answers would vary from person to person based on their individual abilities and their objectives for victory, but what they had in common was that unlike Aldebaran, they were all loved by fate.

――Aldebaran was hated by fate itself.

It was no longer clear whether Aldebaran had come to despise fate first, or if fate had been the one to initially hate Aldebaran, but that alone was an unshakable truth. Regardless of whether he was loved or abhorred by other things, fate was Aldebaran’s absolute enemy.

Therefore, he had no choice but to slay it. ――Even if it meant making an enemy of the world, he would slay fate, no matter what.

But since it did not wish to be killed, fate had been sending its own favored pawns after him one after another in the form of assassins. Here and now, it had selected Emilia and Rem to act as its implements.

Aldebaran: [――. Just my luck.]

Just who had it been to suggest that Rem should be chosen as the first surprise attacker?

Regardless of who had proposed it, she was by far the most suitable candidate in terms of creating a momentary void within Aldebaran’s mind. When she had been a victim to the Authority of Gluttony, Aldebaran had failed to notice the abnormality of her existence as a result of that influence, unwittingly forming a proper relationship with her.

Hence, after the death of Priscilla, the moment he had been hit by that flash grenade of memories and discovered that Rem had been released from the yoke of Gluttony, his mind had been consumed by a much greater void than the others.

――After all, he had come across a being who should not have been present here, one who by all means should have been dead.

Aldebaran: [――――]

As for how that outcome had been achieved, there was no room for debate.

Doubtlessly, he had pulled it off. In his struggle against fate, Natsuki Subaru had managed to conquer it. The power to do so dwelled within Natsuki Subaru. Rem’s very existence was proof of that.

But, regardless, despite all that―― he did not save Priscilla Barielle.

Aldebaran: [――If that’s how you’re gonna play it, I’m not showing any mercy either.]

The tears he had shed, the fists that had punished him, the consideration he had attempted to offer; meaningless, all of it.

After all, that which Aldebaran desired was neither tears, nor wounds, nor consolation. It was simply the life, of a single person.

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Within his helmet, clenching his teeth to the point that he could taste blood, Aldebaran looked to his rear. As he simultaneously modified the angle and thickness of his wings, all the while keeping the drop in speed and maneuverability to a minimum, in mid-air he crossed gazes with Emilia amidst her pursuit of him.

The beautiful wings of ice truly suited Emilia, but no matter how cute of an angel she was, she could not flap those artificial wings to gain speed or elevation. She had gained her initial velocity from the recoil of Rem bashing the ice discus, but after that, there would have been no other method for her to gain on him――,

Emilia: [Yah! Tah! Tei!]

Similar to whenever she would launch an attack, Emilia raised those lackluster battlecries, and with each shout, her altitude and speed would increase by a step, and then another step higher. The methodology was plain and clear―― using her magic to create an icicle as a foothold in the air, she kicked off of it in order to gain acceleration and vigor.

After a moment of stillness, the created icicle was kicked down towards the ground by the strength of Emilia’s legs; however, it immediately dispersed into Mana and returned to the atmosphere before being born anew as yet another foothold. Once again, she kicked off from it to boost her momentum. By repeating this process, she had been able to relentlessly close the distance on Aldebaran.

Aldebaran: [That’s fucking ridiculous…!]

Having an extraordinary sense for magic, it was a brute-force solution made possible by her ability to get the most out of a vast supply of Mana.

Thanks to the path which linked him to “Aldebaran”, Aldebaran could draw from the power of the external Mana tank known as the Divine Dragon, but even if he was asked to perform the same feat as Emilia, he simply would not be able to do it.

It was not a question of Mana capacity; there was just far too great of a gulf in their sensibilities and physical abilities. ――Even if he could bridge the gap in sensibilities through a limitless number of attempts, the gap in their physical abilities could not be spanned.

The canyon stretched on for a great, long distance, and the cliff faces which flanked both sides of the two aviators stretched just as far. So long as they both continued in the same direction, Emilia’s pursuit would never cease.

As Aldebaran grasped that reality, Emilia kicked off a newly created icicle, and while there still existed some distance between them, her elevation finally matched his. Then, while keeping the balance of her ice wings――,

Emilia: [――Al! I’m begging you, let’s talk this out! I’ll properly listen to what you have to say!]

Aldebaran: [That’s rich coming from you. Weren’t you all “ask questions later”, coming at me and trying to freeze me with no mercy. If I had continued to fall all the way to the bottom like that, you were planning on freezing me along with the entire river, weren’t you?]

Emilia: [But! That plan already failed!]

Aldebaran: [You should be careful about being too upfront, Royal Candidate!]

The route of looking on passively and descending to the bottom was a surefire pattern of completely falling right into the opponent’s trap.

In order to escape that, he had gone all or nothing on choosing a path that veered away from the ice disk’s falling trajectory; even if he had failed to lose both of them at once, should he perhaps count the fact that he had managed to split up Emilia and Rem as a win?

The answer to that――,

Aldebaran: [It’s time to find out. ――My attitude from the Royal Capital still hasn’t changed!]

Deciding to take measures to shake free from Emilia’s pursuit, Aldebaran raised his hand aloft and created stones mid-air, assailing her with a barrage of such projectiles.

Unexpectedly, that scene unfolded as if something right out of a shooting game had been brought into real life, and greeted by that barrage of stones, Emilia, with a flash of her wings,

Emilia: [I’ll say it as many times as it takes. I don’t want to cry believing that there was nothing that could have been done about someone’s passing anymore!!]

Proclaiming so in a loud voice, Emilia plunged into the barrage, and the shrieks of the shattering and the freezing atmosphere, resounded across the Agzadd Canyon as a shrill melody.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The reason for his existence as the Following Star was not something that Aldebaran had ever worried about too much.

After all, it seemed that at least once during adolescence, just about everyone would wonder why they had been born, wonder where life came from and where it faded off to, and experience something like a rebellious spirit against their parents for no reason, but for Aldebaran, these were all notions that felt quite alien to him.

In Aldebaran’s case, it was a bit difficult to establish exactly who the parent he ought to rebel against would be, and due to the nature of his Authority, he never truly got the sense of his life fading off whenever it was lost. When it came to the purpose of his birth, he had been provided with a precise answer, and as for why he had been born, he supposed that, perhaps, the answer was “love”.

And so, Aldebaran had never grappled with the notions that ought to have been entertained during one’s adolescence.

Neither did he consider that as some failure on his part, nor as something that he had missed out on.

In society, it seemed like there was the idea that people should challenge themselves with hardship while young, but experiences that would just end up becoming an embarrassing dark past upon entering adulthood held no actual value. It was fine to miss out on experiences that were not worth going through. ――Just as how it was fine for death to be something that everyone only experienced once at the very end of their life.

Witch: [I see, so you have no desire for any of the emotions or impulses typical of adolescence. That is a bit of a shame. I had even been considering various ways in which I might deal with your rebellious phase depending on how it might have manifested.]

That was the lamentation of the Witch, and though he did not consider her to be lacking a heart, she often made such heartless comments toward Aldebaran, who had seen a quick upbringing without causing much trouble.

For Aldebaran, the Witch was the person with whom he had spent the most time since his birth, but she had a bad habit of wanting to bear witness to every single choice and emotion of humans, every last possibility.

Furthermore, in the majority of cases, the inability to hold back such desires was in the nature of a Witch.

Aldebaran had been acquainted with Witches other than her, yet, while it was to varying degrees, the fact that not a single one of them could defy that nature struck him as horribly blasphemous.

Hence, the Witch’s attitude, awaiting Aldebaran’s adolescence with an air of dissatisfaction, was something brought about by a nature that could not be defied, and when he thought about it like that, he could see that there was no helping it. Nevertheless, he saw no point in pretending to go through adolescence just to make the Witch happy. ――In a sense, that almost felt like the very rebellious spirit indicative of adolescent emotions.

Witch: [As expected, maybe it is too convenient for me, someone who is not even a parent, to attempt superficially initiating such parental experiences…? If that one created Beatrice, were they perhaps able to experience it?]

As the Witch began to pose such questions to herself, Aldebaran was certain that this sense of loneliness he felt was completely unrelated to adolescence, and instead was something else entirely. Only, it was difficult to seek a concrete answer as to why he felt that way, and their relationship was a bit too complex for him to ask.

And so, just how the Witch had established, the relationship between Aldebaran and herself was――,

Aldebaran: [――Teacher.]

And, when he called out to her, the Witch in the midst of enjoying a stroll through the labyrinth of her own thoughts lifted her face.

Whenever Aldebaran found himself reflected in those black irises, seeing her hair of pure white cascading down her shoulders as she tilted her head in a “What is it?”, he could not help but think about what an unfair Witch she was.

Even though she was always immersed in her own affairs, staying true to her desires without ever so much as trying to show consideration to the hearts of others, whenever Aldebaran called out to her, she would meet his eyes without fail.

The fact that he had never felt any sort of adolescent rebellious spirit against that Witch was but a matter of course.

To begin with, the incentive to do so was shallow, and both his body and mind had long yielded to the futility of defying the Witch. Purporting it as performance testing to help him master the use of his Authority, the Witch had subjected Aldebaran to Death over a million times, and had already concluded her assessment of him.

But then again, no matter how much he brought that up, the Witch in question gave no meaningful reply, only responding “I do not recall even a single one of those times, so even if you tell me to feel some responsibility, I am at a bit of a loss”.

Regardless, he could understand why the Witch would go to such lengths.

After all, at present, the only Witch who still remained alive, not counting the one before his eyes, was the individual who had either directly or indirectly caused the deaths of all the other Witches. The point of contact Aldebaran had shared with those Witches was not something that had taken place during their time amongst the living.

He could not meet with them anywhere outside of the finite space that had been prepared by the Witch. By the time he had gotten the chance to meet them there, they were already long dead, their existences naught but gathered souls.

Thus, as for the one who had done that to them; under the Witch’s instruction, Aldebaran would need to――,

Witch: [――You must kill her no matter what.]

That was the reason for existence that Aldebaran, the Following Star, had been granted before even experiencing adolescence, the benchmark of his life that he would need to fulfill even if it meant dying a million times.

In order to make Aldebaran this way, the Witch had been reproached by the other Witches, having severed ties even with her companions, so her resolve would have needed to be absolute.

Witch: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Her act of speaking those words to him was something Aldebaran took pride in, and it served as the very foundation of his being.

In all honesty, he thought the Witch had a horrible personality, and he had many reservations about her teaching methods and her way of giving instruction, but even so, he had no doubt that he would be able to live up to the Witch’s expectations.

He had believed that he would be able to do it.

Back in those days, when Aldebaran still had his left arm, he had still been able to believe so. After all, even if he knew Death, he had not yet known true defeat.

He had never experienced adolescence, but―― unmistakably, that was the foolish dark past of his that could never be erased.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [Tch――!]

As Emilia plunged head-first into the incessant barrage of stones, Aldebaran stifled all the hesitation within his heart, mustering up his full, unrestrained firepower.

As was also the case for their clash in the Royal Capital, Aldebaran had an instinctive weakness when it came to Emilia.

At this point, it was clear that this was an example of a weakness inherent to all life, and due to that, he had been unable to bring himself to take the sort of drastic measures he might have otherwise taken had it been a different opponent, even in the Royal Capital.

Back then, he had borrowed the strength of “Aldebaran” to hurl down a colossal boulder, preventing Emilia’s pursuit of him by occupying her with the protection of the Royal Capital; but here, there was nobody else he could drag into the fray.

In that sense, the decision to drop him in the middle of a massive canyon showed that she had clearly reflected on their previous encounter.

Aldebaran: [Though, you’re not exactly giving me enough leeway to appreciate your growth right now!]

Unfortunately, Aldebaran’s heart was not currently relaxed enough to rejoice in the growth of himself or his enemies. For a moment, he felt reluctant to define Emilia as an enemy, but he forcefully shut his eyes to that.

That resolve was something he had settled a long time ago, long before he had even met Priscilla.

Even if, strictly speaking, the target of Aldebaran’s resolve was not the Emilia before his eyes――,

Aldebaran: [Even if it’s recycled resolve, it’ll still be about as useful as papier-mâché.]

Holding aloft that resolve despite fully knowing it was but papier-mâché, he moved to sever Emilia’s pursuit.

Diving straight into the storm of rocks the size of fists, Emilia’s ice wings boldly shimmered.

The attack had been intended to delay her movements, even if only slightly, by forcing her to evade or to take a defensive stance, but just as his unpleasant hunch had suspected, Emilia adopted the straightforward approach by taking the shortest path―― icy wings adorning back, icicles for footholds, and now, firing stakes of ice to counter the barrage, fending off any that made it through that interception by parrying with the twin swords of ice in her grasp.

The Witch had taught him that the simultaneous activation of magic was difficult, even for a proficient magician.

Even if it was magic of the same attribute, the talent it required was akin to an unreasonable task such as taking a pen in each hand, and trying to write an essay with the right hand while attempting to draw an illustration with the left. When it came to different attributes, it seemed to require the drastic measure of adding an extra brain for each additional attribute, and Aldebaran had even seen the Witch wielding five of the attributes at once. Honestly, it was to the point that he had seriously questioned whether the Witch’s smaller-than-average head could truly house five small brains.

Even setting aside that extraordinary digression, and even if they were all under the same attribute of fire, with the wings, icicles, ice stakes, and twin swords, the simultaneous activation of four varieties of magic was a sufficient feat in its own right.

And adding on to that, in order to implement her absurd manner of chase, she had to put on a display of athleticism greater than that of an Olympic athlete, giving him the feeling that he had already exhausted his daily quota of surprise points.

Aldebaran: [That’s why, I’ve gotta meet her with minimal discomposure!]

Emilia had opted to overcome the storm of rocks and stones solely through courage and brute strength. But, setting that courage aside, what would she do if faced with a threat that could not be surmounted by physical might?

Emilia: [――――]

Emilia was determined to close the distance, but in the face of the next threat, her cheeks tensed.

Unfolding before her all at once, providing her no path of escape, were objects even tinier than the stone projectiles, an encirclement of gravel whose potential damage could be easily overlooked. Similar to leaping into a torrential rain, so long as she did not possess the absurd ability to dodge the rain while mid-air, it would be impossible for there to be zero hits.

Of course, it was not as though the only objective of that deployed sand was to obstruct her vision, rather――,

Emilia: [――Hk, it’s heavy!?]

Upon attempting to wipe off the sand that clung to her, Emilia raised a voice of astonishment as she flailed her arms about.

The grains of sand that had made contact with her arms, legs, and white clothes began to consolidate with the surrounding grains of sand, obstructing her movements through their heft and hardness. It was a debuff attack he had also launched against Reinhard at the sand sea―― Reinhard had torn free from it by breaking the sound barrier, but not even Emilia would be able to replicate that method.

Moreover――,

Emilia: [My wings――]

The gravel’s primary aim had been to hinder the wings of ice that sustained Emilia’s flight.

Having plunged into the sandstorm, the grit had eroded her frozen wings, stripping them of their intrinsic ability to catch the wind. Then, Emilia’s balance crumbled, and she immediately started to plummet headlong towards the ground―― to prevent that from happening, Emilia promptly discarded her impaired wings, and by returning from being an angel to simply being an angel-like girl, she evaded the hardship.

Aldebaran: [―― Purged !]

But, that was precisely what Aldebaran had aimed to accomplish.

Even though she had cast away her ice wings, it was possible for Emilia to deploy another pair of wings right away, allowing her to restart without losing any of her previous momentum or altitude. However, when it came to her physical abilities, no matter how unorthodox they might be, they would not allow her to catch up to an impromptu hang glider exceeding a hundred kilometers per hour.

Henceforth, in order to prevent Emilia from deploying another pair of wings, Aldebaran doubled down.

Jutting out of the cliff face accompanied by a rumbling roar, a colossal arm of stone attempted to snatch Emilia out of the canyon’s sky. If that could hamper her momentum, then even if Emilia succeeded in forming another set of wings, she would lose the ability to catch up to Aldebaran’s unceasing speed.

Not to mention, the number of colossal arms obstructing Emilia did not end at just one or two. ――Utilizing the raw materials of the cliff faces, the rocky arms protruding out totaled a count of several hundreds.

Aldebaran: [ Respect to Thousand-Armed Kannon… or rather, it feels more like the backstage of a haunted house.] [1]

As a staple of haunted houses, a bunch of hands would suddenly pop out all at once from behind sliding paper doors; it had a similar impression to that. However, unlike the empty threat that those frights posed, these colossal arms were serious in their attempt to seize Emilia.

If even one could just grab her by the leg, this chase sequence would be completely finished, and this do-or-die situation would conclude with Aldebaran’s successful escape――,

Aldebaran: [Think you can―― Emilia: [――I’ll do my best!!] ]

Get past this ; as he had attempted to finish those words, they were drowned out by her high spirits.

He had not intended for it to be something that she could do anything about simply by doing her best, but Emilia’s ability to do her best and somehow wind up pushing through was one of the most fearsome aspects about her.

Having lost her wings, Emilia put that fearsomeness on full display―― swinging a glacial sword in her grasp, she hewed the fingers off of the first giant arm to approach her, and having neutralized it, she used it as a platform to perform her next leap.

Her momentum had yet to perish. Her elevation, too, was recovering significantly.

However, even if the behemoth arms did not quite reach the count of a thousand, there still numbered over a hundred awaiting her――,

Emilia: [――Soldiers, lend me your strength!]

Following Emilia’s call, the ice soldiers with their repugnant appearance made their entrance once more.

The soldiers of ice, who ought to have been shattered to naught during the fall of the ice discus, admirably stood up against the giant earthen arms swarming Emilia; some used their entire bodies to stop them, some delivered punches to knock them off course, and some were crushed while striking a pose after being overpowered; they performed a diverse array of contributions.

What irritated Aldebaran above all else, was the individual who had taken Emilia by the hand, guiding her away from the evil clutches of the colossal arms, and flinging her forward to aid her in her advance.

The Natsuki Subarus of ice, seven in total, would shatter whenever their duty was fulfilled, only to be born anew to serve Emilia; repeating a cycle of destruction and rebirth, they never exceeded a maximum of seven at once, and protecting Emilia from the hundreds of evil stone hands closing in, they continued to assist her.

――Magic was something that gave form to feelings and desires; the Witch had said as much.

He had thought that it had been a surprisingly romantic sentiment for that Witch to have said, but considering how wind could take the form of a blade if one wished to slice up their opponent, and how flames akin to a crimson lotus could be birthed to scorch everything in a rage, there was likely no room for debate that it was but a manifestation of feelings and desires.

In that case, at this moment, the sight of Natsuki Subaru-shaped ice soldiers aiding Emilia before Aldebaran’s eyes, just what sort of desire could it possibly be the manifestation of?

It made his stomach churn. That was not in the figurative sense, but rather, with the unmistakable, true meaning.

As those negative emotions boiled within him, Aldebaran linked together the next attack.

That was――,

Aldebaran: [――Sorry for rehashing the same punchline, but it’s the return of my trump card.]

Upon speaking those words, in the air above Aldebaran, Emilia, and the ice soldiers―― filling the breadth of the Agzadd Canyon to its fullest, an enormous, mighty boulder began to hurtle straight down.

An inescapable crushing force by a tremendous mass―― it was the second coming of the trap he had set back in the Royal Capital.

△▼△▼△▼△

What had been desired―― nay, what had been required, was but a singular victory in his life.

It would be no exaggeration to say Aldebaran’s life existed solely for the sake of that victory.

Since the very moment of his creation, every gift bestowed upon Aldebaran, every lesson poured into his vessel, every blessing graced upon him: all had been ordained for the sake of guiding him toward that victory, to ensure that he would rise, claim it for his own, and stand exalted in triumph.

The weight and significance of it all were things Aldebaran had fully understood―― or, so he had thought.

However, when the hour came for his conviction to be tested, that tempered resolve, those carefully wrought plans, his very soul, refined to perfection as it ought to have been; all of it was rendered meaningless.

Witch: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Those words, bestowed upon him by the Witch, had been the benchmark of Aldebaran’s life.

So long as he heeded those words, no obstacle placed before him could ever hope to halt his advance. And so, the thought that he might one day lose faith in the Witch―― he would never utter it aloud, nor ever wish her to hear it, but that notion had always seemed utterly impossible to him.

Thus, in accordance with the Witch’s words, he had convinced himself that he would never be defeated by anyone.

――The day that faith was shattered, in a sense, was the day Aldebaran had truly died.

“Death”; that was something he had experienced so many times that even keeping a count seemed a fool’s errand.

And though he had always considered keeping count to be a fool’s errand, he did so anyway, simply because he had been told to. Yet even as he kept track of the actual number, the absurdity of it all never faded in the slightest.

Even so, he believed that on that day, at that moment, he had tasted Death in its truest form.

Having gone so far as to build up Aldebaran for the sake of her dearest wish, the Witch had prepared him for the sole battle in his lifetime that he absolutely could not afford to lose.

And yet――,

Witch: [――At the juncture where you could not afford to lose, you were defeated.]

A familiar plain of lush, verdant grass, and the form of the Witch, sat by the white table of the tea party, enjoying the aroma of tea; upon seeing her, Aldebaran was immediately stricken with despair, crushed by the depth of his own sin.

Employing only black and white, the highest pinnacle of beauty that could be achieved was the Witch. And now, the fact that there existed not a single wound upon that odiously attractive figure of hers, was proof that this was indeed a world of dreams.

After all, when Aldebaran had failed to win the battle he had needed to win no matter what, the Witch had sacrificed all four of her limbs to shield him, leaving her a wretched figure able to do nothing but await death.

As he had stared at her in shock, Aldebaran had found himself vaguely thinking the painfully obvious: even the Witch had red blood coursing through her veins.

The heat, the odor, the feel; that blood could not have possibly been a lie.

In that case, this world, where all of that had been lost, where make-believe had painted over the reality that should have been, was naught more than a blatant bundle of lies.

Witch: [“Make-believe”; I am rather unfond of that expression. While, strictly speaking, it is not the same word, I cannot help but be reminded of an unpleasant individual.] [2]

Whether that was the Witch’s own way of joking, or if she had just wished to express how she felt regardless of whether it was an appropriate time to say it, Aldebaran had been unable to grasp the Witch’s true feelings, even at the very end.

Only, he was convinced she hated him. Or perhaps in despair, he thought she might have completely forsaken him.

However――,

Witch: [Your arm, it seems unlikely that there is any way for you to get it back.]

The Witch’s gaze fell upon Aldebaran’s left arm, taken by shadow from the shoulder down.

There was no pain. That only served as more proof that this place was the Witch’s Castle of Dreams―― were he to return to reality, his brain would likely be scorched by unimaginable pain. And, that was something that could no longer be overturned by means of Death, a true injury that would never fade.

Witch: [Robbed of your arm, you lost the battle you could not afford to lose. It appears as though my plan has ended in failure. I can just picture my friends saying all sorts of things. ――Ultimately, it shall be left up to those who seek to carry on Flugel’s will. How frustrating.]

The thought that his defeat would take everything from the Witch, was unbearably painful.

Without seeking anyone else’s understanding, she had parted ways with her fellow Witches and the companions who had journeyed alongside her, all so she could attempt to fulfill her wish; but, Aldebaran had ruined all of that.

The cruelest part of it all was that, even though he understood that much, the passion and determination he had carried before his defeat would not return to Aldebaran’s hollow soul.

Having lost a battle he could not afford to lose, Aldebaran’s heart had been shattered.

The sole battle in his lifetime where defeat was not permitted, had ground Aldebaran’s heart to tiny little pieces.

That was, by witnessing the inevitable death of the person closest to him in this world, the Witch, Aldebaran would likely suffer a wound beyond recovery in the truest sense.

Witch: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Hence, Aldebaran did not understand the meaning of those words, spoken to him once more.

Witch: [Now that it has come to this, we need not concern ourselves with appearances any longer. Let us change the victory conditions. We shall leave them to deal with her … meanwhile, we shall focus on preventing secondary damages.]

The Witch was both wise and selfish.

Disregarding Aldebaran, who was still left at a loss, his mind unable to think straight due to his immense feelings of guilt, she came to a conclusion all on her own, leaving no room for objection as she forced the conversation along.

The altered conditions for victory, the newly presented objective of preventing secondary damages―― regardless, he did not even believe that was something he could accomplish. After all, Aldebaran had already failed.

He had failed, and yet――,

Witch: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Aldebaran could not fathom what had caused the Witch to say that.

Without saying much to Aldebaran, still stunned as he stood fixed in place, the Witch rose and began slowly walking towards him, before coming to stand face to face with him.

The Witch’s face, the one he had gazed upon more than any other in his lifetime―― on it, there emerged an expression he had never before witnessed.

Witch: [――Your stars were bad.]

It was not Aldebaran’s fault; he could tell that was the meaning underpinning those words.

Before he could come to terms with the emotions welling up inside of him, the Castle of Dreams abruptly came to an end.

Akin to tearing up the very paper stage of kamishibai , it was a terribly violent manner of conclusion; that which awaited him on the other side was a grim reality. That instant, his brain was dominated by pain and feelings of loss, fresh blood and the din in the air undermining his comprehension. Heaven and earth had been stained with a black so somber that there no longer existed any semblance of time, and Aldebaran’s wails were drowned out by the screeches of the world crumbling, unable to even reach his own ears.

Merely, in a world where just about everything had fallen apart, despite being in the midst of a cacophony so loud he could not even hear his own voice, he somehow managed to properly hear that blurred, frail, gasping sound.

A voice he wished not to let slip, the Witch’s final incantation――,

Witch: [――Ol Shamak.]

×　　×　　×

The next time Aldebaran’s consciousness returned, was after everything had ended―― or rather, when that which had ended began anew, and that new beginning came to a new end, before beginning and ending all over again. It seemed like after that had repeated many times, over, and over, and over again, the world had been left without any traces of the Witch.

Whether it was due to a difference in preconditions, or simply because it had been performed by the tremendous power of the Witch, the shock he felt at how the spell’s efficacy differed from when he himself had wielded it lasted for only a moment――,

???: [――Hey you, where’d you come from? Who are you?]

That question, was delivered by the voice of a person completely unknown to him.

The man, dressed in attire that was every bit as shabby as Aldebaran’s disheveled appearance, stared at Aldebaran with trepidation and caution tinging his eyes.

The words, he could understand. His experience with human interaction was scarce, but in a sense, that was not a problem either.

What mattered was figuring out where he was, and when.

???: [Ginunhive… it’s the Gladiator Island. Witch? That’s the thing from like hundreds of years ago, right?]

The man seemed puzzled, as if he had been asked something strange, and receiving his words, Aldebaran let out an exhale. Gazing over that, the man’s expression shifted from puzzled to startled.

After all, as his exhale morphed into sobbing, Aldebaran crumbled to the ground, a flood of tears streaming down his face.

Witch: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

The words of the Witch whom he had left behind hundreds of years in the past, still clung to his soul, refusing to let go.

For the sin of having turned that person into a liar, Aldebaran had wished to die.

But die he could not.

Translation Notes:

[1] Kannon is the Japanese name of the Avalokiteśvara, a figure in Buddhism associated with great compassion, who in some depictions possesses a thousand arms.

[2] – The Witch refers to the term “Make-believe” reminding her of an unpleasant individual. The best guess that can be made here is that of Pandora or the Saintess, as the Japanese term 虚構 used here as make-believe, is fairly close to 虚飾, the term used for the Sin of Vanagloria

--- Chapter 53: Aldebaran Ⅱ ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Aldebaran: [――Sorry for rehashing the same punchline, but it’s the return of my trump card.]

Upon declaring so, a boulder of immense mass came hurtling down from straight above.

His plan resigned to be naught more than an unoriginal rehash, Aldebaran watched as Emilia’s expression shifted mid-flight, evading the colossal stone arms reaching out toward her from the cliffsides.

Emilia: [――――]

First widening her eyes at the sight of the massive boulder, then as the regret of having completely allowed Aldebaran to escape at the Royal Capital emerged on her cheeks and her canthi, she firmly held her eyes shut to ensure her heart would not be claimed by the same sense of defeat; after a momentary feeling of weakness spent wondering “Can I really do it…”, the giant boulder was reflected in her reopened sights, and she fired herself up as if to say “I have no choice but to do it!”, facing forward with even more strength in her gaze than there had been before that moment of doubt. ――These many shifts in her expression had transpired over the course of a single second, so it was incredible just how quickly she had regained her composure.

Aldebaran: [But, motivation alone ain’t gonna cut it.]

Scraping and chipping away at the craggy cliffs of the canyon, the giant boulder plummeted.

The first maneuver Emilia attempted with her renewed motivation, was to conjure a massive ice cap in the trajectory of the falling boulder in order to catch its weight. ――However, Aldebaran countered by firing a stone cannonball with his magic, blasting through the canyon wall to nullify her gambit.

With the jagged walls demolished, the ice cap could no longer fit perfectly across the canyon’s breadth, merely becoming another falling obstacle alongside the massive boulder.

Emilia: [In that case――!]

As soon as she saw that the ice cap had failed to catch the boulder, Emilia immediately moved to the next countermeasure.

Once again carrying wings of ice upon her back after they had been purged, she enacted the rebirth of an angel while bending her long legs. Then, positioning the soles of her feet on top of the legs of the ice soldiers kicking up from directly below―― receiving leg strength that the original Natsuki Subaru could never have mustered, she soared through the air.

Emilia: [――――]

Caught off guard by Emilia’s ferocious acceleration, the hundreds of arms emerging from the cliffs all failed to catch her, allowing the angel to escape―― no, allowing her to charge Aldebaran.

While Aldebaran had been diverting his focus to intercepting her, his momentum had fallen, allowing for Emilia’s rush forward to rapidly close the distance.

Yae had been left behind to buy him time, but he had completely forfeited the advantage she had created for him, so he could hear her bitter voice saying “Trying to support you truly is pointless, Al-sama~.”

Aldebaran: [Though, that’s only if I get caught here!]

Retorting to the imaginary words of Yae, Aldebaran met Emilia’s charge with a barrage of stone bullets. But, Emilia sublimely twisted her body through air to avoid the next rehash following the falling boulder.

Aldebaran: [Seriously!?]

The fact that she had accomplished that with artificial wings that by no means should have allowed such freedom of movement, left Aldebaran aghast.

Naturally, the angel wings made of ice could not be flapped. The true origin of Emilia’s three-dimensional maneuver just now, were smaller ice wings that had been added on below the main ice wings―― by overlapping several wings of ice, she had yielded a change in how they sliced the wind, providing functionality that allowed her to apply edge control by tilting her body.

Even that aerodynamic solution was undoubtedly accomplished by her natural senses.

Emilia: [I’ll catch up――!]

Even if she veered side-to-side in order to evade, Emilia kept her loss of speed to a minimum.

As she exclaimed, the distance between the two of them vanished. At that speed, Emilia would likely make it out of the falling boulder’s blast radius in time. With the blow he had intended as a trump card so easily sidestepped, Aldebaran’s situation was truly dire―― or, that was what should have been the mutual perception of the two parties involved.

Emilia: [――Hk.]

Emilia’s large, amethyst eyes opened wide, painted in a color of shock.

From her point of view, Aldebaran had not taken any exceptional action. While he still continued firing a volley of stones that failed to hit her, neither had he deployed any new magic, nor had he performed any extreme maneuvers to evade her.

The same went for his response to Emilia’s flight, momentum bolstered by borrowing the strength of the ice soldiers; at this rate, she would catch up to him, and he would no longer be able to avoid her freezing fingertips.

That was to say, Emilia had met her victory conditions in this situation. ――Nevertheless, there was no delight or satisfaction to be found in Emilia’s eyes.

That was because――,

Aldebaran: [――Didn’t I tell you? Same punchline.]

A colossal boulder plummeting down; in exchange for the prevention of the damage it would bring about, Aldebaran had been allowed to escape his battle against Emilia in the Royal Capital.

Hence, even if it was uninspired, he carried out a plan that had already proved successful once. However, this time, there were no innocent people here who could get caught up in this. ――Indeed, no innocent people.

Emilia: [――AL!!]

As she shouted, Emilia recklessly reached her hand out toward Aldebaran. ――Toward the sole being other than Emilia who would be caught up in the wrath of the falling stone.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――That settles it! You’ve done well to survive Sparka! From this point forward, you can count yourself among the gladiators of this Gladiator Island! Welcome him aboard, you damn good-for-nothings!]

The raucous welcome and cheering were indistinguishable from the sound of angry jeers.

Following that reception, Aldebaran fell to his knees and leaned against the massive corpse as coarse and vulgar cheers engulfed the arena.

He was languidly resting against the remains of a Witchbeast, the Guiltilaw that had died from the sword deeply piercing its thick neck. Having lost its right foreleg along with both of its rear legs, the Guiltilaw had died with an expression that conveyed bewilderment and confusion more so than it did agony.

Beholding that pitiful, deathly visage, Aldebaran was taken by a deep sorrow as his shoulders heaved with ragged breaths. ――Though, he was immediately disgusted with himself for how terribly deceitful that sympathy was.

???: [You managed to survive, huh? Color me surprised.]

Greeting the tattered Aldebaran, was a man of shabby appearance―― he was a gladiator of the Gladiator Island, the very one who had found Aldebaran when he had initially woken up.

The man’s expression was complex, likely because he found it utterly incomprehensible that Aldebaran had managed to survive the rite of passage for newcomers―― Sparka. From his perspective, having been ordered to tend to Aldebaran’s needs as the unlucky person who had first discovered him, he might have felt that Aldebaran dying in this Sparka would have prevented those troubles from dragging on for too long.

Regardless, Aldebaran’s survival had been a shock to the man, but he was not the only one who had been surprised.

Aldebaran, too, could not hide his astonishment at his own survival.

――Having suffered defeat in a battle he could not afford to lose, Aldebaran had been left deserted in these foreign surroundings.

An unknown environment, unfamiliar people, and rules lacking sufficient explanation; to Aldebaran, this was certainly an uncivilized land, as if he had been cast into a brand new world.

The only thing of which he could be certain was that he had likely lost all value in his own existence, and that he had probably even lost the only one who would have mourned his loss in worth.

That was why――,

Gladiator: [Even tho’ you said you wanted to die, I guess that was all talk.]

Equal parts sarcasm and spite, the man’s words carved deeply into Aldebaran’s heart.

With the defeat of his first battle, upon realizing that he had survived the end that surely ought to have awaited him, Aldebaran was consumed by unceasing feelings of loss and remorse, yearning for death from the depths of his heart. That was why Sparka, the trial by which newcomers were tested on the Gladiator Island, seemed all too convenient for Aldebaran at the time.

The blunt, offhand explanation had been mercilessly unkind, but in short, they were being forced to put their lives on the line through trial by combat, where for any who failed to prove themselves as gladiators, death alone would await.

For Aldebaran, who could not help but wish to die, it was all far too convenient.

In fact, when Aldebaran was taken to the arena along with four other newcomers in the same circumstances, and thereupon forced to face off against a Guiltilaw, he had fully intended on being killed without offering up any resistance.

But, despite all that, Aldebaran had survived.

The other men fought back, ran away, or pleaded for their lives, only to be slaughtered all the same, leaving Aldebaran as the last man standing. The Witchbeast’s claws tore into him, shattering his ribs as it trampled him underfoot, and he was supposed to have met his death there, blood frothing at the mouth.

And yet――,

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

In the instant those words had flashed through his mind, Aldebaran had expanded his Territory.

Compared to the opponent he had challenged hundreds of millions of times, yet still could not overcome, this Sparka, which had only managed to kill him three-hundred and four times, was no agony to Aldebaran whatsoever.

After all, the true agony only came after, in the self-questioning that haunted him for having survived.

――Why? What for? For what reason… had he not died?

Gladiator: [Hm? You wanna hear about the outside? Even if you ask me, it’s been a long time since I arrived here…]

Recognized as a gladiator, Aldebaran had gained the right to live on this island.

Within the island cut off from the outside world, he had learned that this was a part of the Vollachian Empire, that the gladiators imprisoned here were forced to fight in deathmatches for spectacle, and that public order on the island had collapsed. But, there was still much more he wished to know.

As a result, the one subjected to Aldebaran’s persistent questioning, was the gladiator responsible for taking care of him.

Gladiator: [If you say it’s not about anything recent, but history that you wanna learn about… I don’t know all too much about it either, yeah? Well, if it’s about a Witch… I at least know about the Witch of Envy, but…]

When he had asked just to be sure, he was first surprised that the gladiator had even known about a Witch. And recited as if it were too terrifying to speak aloud, the Witch’s legend as it was known today―― it delivered unto him an even greater shock, for the tale had come to refer to only one: the Witch of Envy.

The Witch of Envy, who, threatening to plunge the world into ruin, had been sealed away at the hands of the Three Heroes.

This world possessed no legends of any other Witch, and records pertaining to the Witches of Sin were nowhere to be found. Moreover, hearing that it had been nearly four-hundred years since those events had transpired, Aldebaran fell into despair.

Four-hundred years; that long, long passage of time had erased any trace of the Witches of Sin from this world, but to think that it would go so far as to even forget the existence of the Witch, the very Witch who had attempted to fulfill her promise even if it meant giving up everything.

But, what was even more cruel――,

Gladiator: [――The Witch of Greed? The hell’s that? Some kinda delusion of yours?]

Aldebaran had no words with which to respond to the man’s suspicions.

There was no way it was a delusion. The days Aldebaran had spent alongside the Witch were certainly present within him; her teachings, the touch of her fingertips, the words she had spoken to him, he remembered all of it.

In this world, against the Witch who concealed dreadful power, there had certainly been another Witch who had attempted to fight back. ――Aldebaran was her student, and he was the Witch’s trump card.

Gladiator: [Shit! The fuck’s wrong with you!? Even tho’ all I did was answer everything you asked me, you start swinging at me outta the blue!]

So spat the man who had been struck by Aldebaran, the latter enraged upon being denied the existence of the Witch.

Having been tossed into this environment―― no, into this brand new world, that was how his relationship ended with the benefactor who had first shown him kindness. With the other gladiators as well, things broke down in a similar fashion, isolating Aldebaran from his fellows.

――A deviant enthralled by the Witch; many times he had heard such rumors about himself. It seemed that his benefactor had taken the initiative to spread them around, but in a sense, it was a valid assessment. He had no intention of correcting it.

However, it aggravated him to be likened to some incomprehensible group known as the Witch Cult.

Upon asking, it seemed like they were a group who heralded the revival of the Witch, going around and committing acts of terrorism all over. Once more, he flew into a rage, demanding them to not lump him in with such individuals, but this only caused his reputation to be tarnished even further.

Gladiator: […A Witch-crazed nut like you… you’ll never die a decent death.]

During the deathmatch arranged at the discretion of the then-Governor of the Gladiator Island, those were the dying words of the first benefactor to show him kindness, slain by the barbarian sword in Aldebaran’s hand.

Wiping the blood of his benefactor off of him, Aldebaran took a moment to ponder those final words of spite, “You’ll never die a decent death”, before nodding deeply in agreement that there was no doubt about those words.

With his Territory going strong, Aldebaran had continued to survive his deathmatches on the Gladiator Island.

Those who had called Aldebaran a Witch-crazed nut were all eventually pitted against him in deathmatches, and without fail, they all fell before his barbarian sword.

He did not care about enacting revenge. Nor did he have any desire to clear the Witch’s dishonor. To begin with, rather than being dishonored, the fate that had befallen the Witches was that of having their very existence erased.

Hence, Aldebaran did not seek a reason for his continued survival from the Witch. ――Only, he wished to learn why he had been allowed to live.

In order to ascertain that reason, he could not afford to die.

Surviving the initial Sparka, and continuing to survive the deathmatches thereafter, it was all for that purpose.

And so, using his Territory, while suffering hundreds of deaths each time he crossed blades with an opponent, he trampled the lives of all sorts of gladiators underfoot, and lived. He lived. And he kept on living.

And then――,

Governor: [――You’ve done well to survive. I take my hat off to the devilish luck that allowed you to best even one so far above yourself.]

Indeed, upon witnessing the triumph of Aldebaran, who had grasped even the most infinitesimal chance of victory in order to slay an opponent who had utterly outclassed him, the Governor voiced words of praise that were not quite discernible as either astonishment or admiration.

Casting aside his broken barbarian sword, Aldebaran turned his back to the arena, scarce on cheer as it was.

――From the moment of his awakening, his first decade on the Gladiator Island went by in a flash.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Those ten years were long, relentlessly scraping away at Aldebaran’s humanity.

The face, voice, and warmth that he ought to have vividly recalled whenever he closed his eyes were instead being painted over by the deathly visages, death throes, and cold blood of those he had killed with his own hands.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

That was correct. Those words were correct. Certainly, nobody could kill Aldebaran.

Over his past ten years on the Gladiator Island, he had been summoned to Sparka on many occasions, faced countless brushes with death in the arena matches, and had come to kill many of the experts and inhuman beings who utterly outmatched him.

In response to Aldebaran’s repeated upsets, it was not merely once or twice that deathmatches were arranged to try to kill him, and since there was always a promising gladiator killed on those occasions, Aldebaran had begun to acquire somewhat of an untouchable status.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

After a decade, the faces on the Gladiator Island were completely different than when he had first arrived.

Aldebaran had long since become one of its oldest members, and there no longer remained a single person aware of the rumors that he was a deviant enthralled by the Witch. Ever since Aldebaran had learned of the taboo regarding the subject of the Witch, and the fact that most people did not know anything beyond the surface of the legend, he had completely stopped bringing the topic up.

However, that was not a change brought about by things such as disappointment or resignation from not getting any of the answers he desired; rather, it was something far more serious.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

For ten years, forced to fight to the death while stranded on the Gladiator Island, in that place where transactions of life and death were repeated ad nauseum, what had consumed Aldebaran was a sense of immense despair.

Had the Witch truly existed? It was a despair that called her very existence into question.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

If he closed his eyes, he could certainly hear that voice. He remembered it being spoken to him.

But, even so, was that truly something that had happened?

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

The Witch’s face, he could no longer recall.

The Witch’s voice, he could no longer recall.

The Witch’s warmth, he could no longer recall.

For ten years, his recollections wore thin, like a videotape he would watch back whenever he had a moment to spare. Even if he tried to splice the torn tape back together, playback remained impossible, with even the tape itself eventually turning to dust.

When the memories themselves scattered away in such a manner, and the dust completely fell through the gaps between his fingers, Aldebaran was no longer able to tell.

――Had the Witch truly existed?

――Were Aldebaran’s memories events that had actually happened?

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

At times, he would feel an overwhelming urge to destroy his own existence.

Whenever that happened, Aldebaran would enter a deathmatch whilst deliberately undoing his Territory, and by allowing himself to be thoroughly beaten up with his life truly at stake, he would attempt to gaze into the abyss of death. ――No, not only did he gaze, he would even think about just letting himself fall in.

However, only on such occasions, the Territory would save Aldebaran by taking on an unexpected form.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

As if to validate the words of the Witch who possibly did not exist, there were several times when an opponent on the verge of killing Aldebaran abruptly succumbed to mental collapse right before his eyes.

Each time an opponent’s eyes went white, having lost both sanity and fighting spirit alike, Aldebaran would feel as if there were some invisible force keeping him alive, and overcome with frustration, he would lop off the opponent’s head.

Even after a decade, Aldebaran still did not understand the purpose for which he had been kept alive.

On the contrary, he was not even sure if there really was anything that had tried to keep him alive.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Only, he was terrified.

That everything that had shaped him was a lie, that the Witch’s efforts and words had never truly existed, that Aldebaran truly was just a lunatic enthralled by the Witch; with such self-doubt gnawing at his heart, he endured many years of sleepless nights.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Those words once served as Aldebaran’s lifeline, the very foundation upon which his being had been shaped, but now, they were terrifying beyond recognition.

That this was all just a product of his delusions, that the duty Aldebaran had carried, the encounters and partings he ought to have had, might never have existed at all; such doubts only continued to haunt him.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

An unending spiral of self-questioning.

A sensation as if he were mired in a swamp of unanswerable, bottomless despair, sunk up to his chest and unable to move.

And so, that time in which only the manner of his death remained unsettled seemed as though it would stretch on forever. ――However, on a certain day, Aldebaran’s long days of stagnation quite suddenly arrived at a turning point.

That turning point being――,

???: [――Hear me, rabble scattered across Gladiator Island!]

――Booming through the speaking tubes across the island was the voice of a young girl, tinged with heat as fierce as flame.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The simultaneous revolt of the gladiators, and the plot to assassinate the new Emperor by using that revolt as a diversion.

That seemed to have been the reality of the turning point that had befallen Aldebaran.

Be that as it may, there was no way all the details would have been granted to a mere gladiator of the Gladiator Island, nor did Aldebaran even want to know any further details. For the time being, since there had been no change in the management of the island, he simply assumed that the administration had not been overthrown either.

At the very least, a change of Emperor at this point in time was not something Aldebaran had known about.

But if there was just one thing during this incident that had caused Aldebaran to truly feel a profound transformation within himself, it was obvious―― he had rescued a silver-haired girl who had fallen into dire straits.

Of course, that incident had nothing to do with Aldebaran’s original objective.

The silver-haired girl was a young dogperson whom he had happened across, and she had no connection whatsoever to the silver-haired individual with whom Aldebaran had been involved. However, the fact that he had saved that girl, and the voice of the flame-like girl amidst the revolt that had demonstrated an attitude of selfishly following one’s own path, had allowed Aldebaran to make up his mind.

――He would venture beyond this closed off world, in order to verify the existence of the Witch.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

After being killed over and over again by the aquatic Witchbeasts let loose in the lake, Aldebaran finally escaped the island which had held him captive for over ten years, and disembarked on a land that was not surrounded by water. ――Strictly speaking, the world as a whole was encircled by the Great Waterfall, so it could be said that there was actually no land that was not surrounded by water; the fact that he could come up with a quip like that showed that he was still able to at least fake some cheer.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

To Aldebaran, those words were a malediction, a consolation, a binding, and a forgiveness.

In order to discern the color, the heat, the uncertain certainty of that ambiguous and directionless wellspring of such overwhelming emotion, Aldebaran had decided to pursue the traces of the Witch.

There was not much time to spare. During the decade he had spent on the closed off island, the world Aldebaran walked had unexpectedly been drawing closer to the world Aldebaran remembered.

All that remained, was to ascertain whether the things within Aldebaran were genuine or not. And so, what was required to ascertain that, was evidence of the Witch――,

???: [――For what reason, does the Gospel hold no account of your existence?]

Speaking those words was a Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult who tilted his head far more than was necessary; although Aldebaran had a rough idea as to the reason why, he fiddled with the metal fixtures of his helmet and gave an evasive comment.

The jet-black steel helmet he had begun to wear in those days was a parting gift he had taken with him from the Gladiator Island, and he found that its sturdiness and full-face cover often came in handy.

It seemed like this profusely loud and animated Sin Archbishop did not take kindly to the fact that there was not a single account of such a conspicuous person in his oh-so-precious Gospel.

Sin Archbishop: [――You are truly Slothful, aren’t you?]

In all honesty, the battle against this Sin Archbishop was among the most challenging encounters of Aldebaran’s life.

To begin with, winning without dying a single time was something he lacked experience in, but even so, this was a formidable enemy who made it difficult to seize any chance of victory. In the end, while he might have satisfied the conditions for victory, he did not win.

Even when compared to the Witches of Sin―― to the women who, just like the Witch, potentially did not exist, his viciousness seemed to stack up favorably.

Anyhow――,

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

With his honor preserved by those words, and having secured the information he desired, Aldebaran had pondered. ――In order to ascertain the existence of the Witch, the ones most likely to possess the information he sought were the members of the heretical organization he had often heard about even on the Gladiator Island, the Witch Cult.

They seemed to be a group who hid themselves away in places completely unknown, but that was only if one was attempting to track them down, as luring them out was not particularly difficult. ――Certainly, if rumors were to be spread about the Witch of Envy so worshipped by the Witch Cult, there were some who would come rushing to the scene.

But then again, if one could not handle whatever came rushing their way, they would simply suffer through the world’s most foolish way to die, being mercilessly robbed of their life.

Sin Archbishop: [You must cease at ONCE! That is BLASPHEMY! Satella! Any other than Satella! To speak of any Witch other than the Witch of Envy! It is the height of SACRILEGE! As the one who graces me with the favor of her love, she is the only one worthy of once more descending upon this world, HER ALONE!!]

He knew not just how much credence he could give to the utterances of the Sin Archbishop whose aberrant demeanor and conduct bereft of sanity had accumulated to an extremely vast amount.

But, even if that madman’s ramblings held no meaning to anybody else, they held meaning to Aldebaran.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Tenaciously retrying his encounter with the Sin Archbishop, he would draw out the words, engage in the necessary back and forth, and give up his life each time he triggered a fit of rage, then back to the beginning―― by single-mindedly accreting that process, Aldebaran obtained the information he desired from the Sin Archbishop.

Then, passing right by the Sin Archbishop who had come rushing to the scene, he had made it so that their encounter had never happened.

Sin Archbishop: [Ahh! Ahhhh! AHHHHHH! SLOTH SLOTH SLOTH SLOTH SLOOOOOOOOOTH――!!]

As Aldebaran evaded the Witch Cult’s encirclement and absconded, he pictured the Sin Archbishop letting out a bloodcurdling shriek after failing to catch him, but that no longer mattered to him.

At this moment, there existed but one desire within Aldebaran―― the confirmation of the Witch’s existence.

Of how the lives of the Witches of Sin had been extinguished, he was aware.

The Witch of Wrath had perished in madness after being caught in a trap, the Witch of Lust had been immolated in a great fire, the Witch of Gluttony had withered to death in the sea of sand, the Witch of Pride had drowned in a great flood, and the Witch of Sloth had fallen into the Great Waterfall as she massacred the Dragon.

Then, the Witch of Envy had been sealed away at the edge of the world, and the final Witch――,

???: [――I see. The ability to enter this place from outside the tomb is quite the structural flaw indeed. Just like the mechanisms of the Sanctuary, the finishing touches are rather lacking. Though, I suppose some aspects of that were unavoidable.]

A plain of lush, verdant grass beneath an unrealistic blue sky, stretching out as far as the eye could see. As a cool breeze blew across, a white table and parasol were placed atop a small hill.

Unmistakably, that was the scene of the memories which had been on the verge of fading from within Aldebaran.

Present right at the heart of it all, was a beautiful being who could be described with just the colors of white and black――,

???: [――Why, must love fade?]

After many twists and turns, he had finally made his homecoming to the Castle of Dreams.

Doubting his own sanity, Aldebaran had almost believed that it might have even been an illusion.

A reunion which spanned over a decade for the student, and across four centuries for the other party; with her existence verified, the Witch―― nay, the Witch of Greed, wearing a smile bereft of blood, voiced that celebratory remark.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――――]

Aldebaran had lived life with one arm longer than he ever had with two.

Hence, he hardly ever felt much of a handicap for only having his right arm, but regardless, he still found it to be an inconvenience on extremely rare occasions.

For instance, the times when he had no choice but to carry an unconscious person.

Aldebaran: [Please bear with the ruggedness.]

Carried in Aldebaran’s arm as he uttered so―― held together with the magic stone-forged prosthesis, was the limp, unconscious body of Emilia.

Emilia’s aerial chase of Aldebaran that had commenced in the vast canyon had come to a conclusion with Emilia collapsing due to Aldebaran’s use of foul play.

It was nothing substantial. The trump card was the same one that he had played in order to escape Emilia’s clutches back in the Royal Capital.

Emilia, kindhearted as she was, could not allow anybody to be lost in the midst of battle. ――She too was one who, with the passing of Priscilla during the Empire’s Great Disaster, had sustained a deep wound to her heart.

Therefore, in order to protect Aldebaran, who had remained in the trajectory on course to receive a direct hit from the falling boulder, she did not hesitate to throw herself in harm’s way.

Aldebaran: [Even though there wasn’t any other way to reliably land an attack on her, it’s a scummy strategy even for me.]

Of course, that was Aldebaran’s conclusion after having attempted various other stratagems in trial and error.

He had tried adjusting the positioning of the boulder’s fall, smashing the boulder to create a rock avalanche, setting its trajectory with a barrage of stone projectiles, and incorporating all sorts of different magic, but outside the stratagem of using himself as a hostage, Emilia always managed to find a flash of inspiration and intuitive judgment for the circumstance, admirably surmounting all of them.

None of the foolish Aldebarans who had enacted those other stratagems had managed to avoid a future of being frozen by Emilia’s fingertips, so it could be said that he had no other means but to rely on such a desperate measure.

Aldebaran: [Though, that doesn’t make the guilt go away, nor does it mean I’ll be forgiven.]

An excuse for no ears save his own, so childish that not even Emilia would forgive it.

Shielding Aldebaran, Emilia defenselessly brushed the mass of the huge crag, and as the powerful impact ran through her entire body, even she would let go of her consciousness. From what he could tell from appearances, it did not seem like she had sustained any lasting injuries, just a strong concussion at worst. ――To ensure that was the case, many careful adjustments had been made.

Aldebaran: [Seems like I’ve been put on quite the detour… Waiting on Yae wouldn’t exactly be the smartest move, now would it?]

Now that the high-altitude fall and chase sequence with Emilia had ended, he finally had enough leeway to ascertain his surroundings. What he had gleaned by doing so, was that this place was likely the Agzadd Canyon, the largest canyon in the entire world, and the fact that he had been placed at a significantly different elevation from his destination of the Grand Mogolade Geyser.

They were already past the national border with the Kingdom of Lugunica, and were well into the Kararagi City-States, but it would take a considerable amount of time to climb back up the thousands of meters he had fallen so that he could return to his original route.

Besides――,

Aldebaran: [Setting Alter aside, is it even possible to reconvene with Roy and the old man…?]

Amongst the henchmen he had pulled ahead from, he had no anxiety regarding “Aldebaran’s” strength, but he was greatly concerned about the abilities and humanity of Roy Alphard and Heinkel. Of course, Roy’s actions were restricted by the curse mark, so he would not break the rules if he valued his own life.

Aldebaran: [Either way, the best I can do is expect everyone to gather at the meeting spot.]

The maximum priority for Aldebaran was reaching the Grand Mogolade Geyser, and accomplishing his objective.

He would need to borrow “Aldebaran’s” strength for that objective, but in the worst case, it was not as though he had no means by which to do something about it even without “Aldebaran”. In addition, the power of Roy’s Authority of Gluttony was indispensable to dealing with the aftermath of the calamity he had employed for the sake of this plan.

Hence, he would need to find a way to reconvene after he fulfilled his objective, and somehow get them to follow his instructions.

Aldebaran: [Trying to avert secondary damages only to cause tertiary and quaternary damages, some help I am.]

Spilling those words, Aldebaran inclined the wings of stone on his back, and while maintaining his speed he slowly descended towards the bottom of the canyon, and by the bank of the great river running through, he somehow managed to make a smooth landing. ――That was a lie. He had crashed and burned six times while carrying Emilia, and on the seventh attempt he finally succeeded in landing.

Aldebaran: [It’d be a laughing matter if I became unable to get back on my feet here.]

One time, he had been incapacitated not only in his legs, but from the waist down, which brought him dangerously close to total paralysis and made him incapable of gulping down his poison. He had managed to roll himself into the river and drown to death, but he did not wish to repeat the same failure.

In any case――,

Aldebaran: [I’m sorry, Emilia… lil’ miss.]

To ensure she would not drown if the water in the great river rose for some reason, Aldebaran laid Emilia down not on the ground, but in a cavity of the cliff face that was a bit higher up.

And in his final comment before leaving her there, he slightly hesitated on how to call her. Hesitating, he ultimately settled on referring to her as he usually did, as Aldebaran. ――Now that their relationship had lost its rightful form, he did not have the courage to address her in any way that pertained to the true relationship between the two of them.

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Right after cursing his cowardly self, Aldebaran was struck by a dizzying headache, clenching his teeth.

Having overcome a difficult situation, the moment he let his mind relax, the debts he had accumulated began threatening to erupt. Doing his best to hold that back, he gave himself ten seconds to take deep breaths before gulping down his poison―― repeating that over and over, he stabilized his mind.

Albeit, even if he could give his heart a breather through this method, it was unable to grant a rest to his body―― and in particular, to his brain.

In real time, he had already kept his brain constantly running for nearly a hundred hours.

Along their journey, “Aldebaran” had used its healing magic on him to conceal that reality from his mind, but until his body and mind completely shut down, this overheating would likely not subside.

Be that as it may, he persuaded himself to just hold out for a little bit longer.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Aldebaran: [Ahh, that’s right, Teacher. ――Nobody, can defeat me. That’s right. That’s precisely right.]

When he closed his eyes, those words were resurrected within Aldebaran’s mind.

Using that as support, Aldebaran would――,

???: [――Look at that, it is…]

Aldebaran: [――――]

???: [It is mine――]

Aldebaran: [――――]

???: [Mine――]

Fragmented and indistinct, a voice sounded within him.

To whom it had belonged, when those words had been spoken, and just how deeply they would scorch his soul; since he knew the answers to all of those questions, Aldebaran closed off the ears of his heart.

He would not halt his tracks. So he had decided. His mind was made up.

After all, he could not afford to halt his tracks, so he had decided.

His mind was made up, and so――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――The moment was just after Aldebaran, having closed his heart’s ears, had at last managed to climb out of the canyon, resuming his hurried march towards the Grand Mogolade Geyser.

Aldebaran: [Wha…]

And thus, what had escaped from Aldebaran’s lips, was a husky exhale.

It was only natural that he had let such a voice spill. After all, it was an accident that had flown in from outside his consciousness, an unforeseen event he had dismissed as impossible in the back of his mind. ――In Aldebaran’s path, around two meters ahead of him, a behemoth of an icicle had been pierced.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Swallowing his saliva, Aldebaran looked back down at the bottom of the canyon―― he understood that Emilia, the one left down there, had been the one to plunge this extremity of ice here.

But, the damage she had taken was severe. It would still be a few hours before Emilia regained consciousness, so in other words, this was a hail mary she had delivered whilst unconscious.

Aldebaran: [That’s some outrageous persistence…]

Regardless, considering that, if Aldebaran had climbed up only five seconds faster, he would have been crushed under this ice pillar just now, it could be said that he had evaded tragedy in two senses.

Of course, even if he suffered a direct hit, Aldebaran would redo it with his Authority, and draw out the result of not getting hit, but for both Emilia’s sake, and for Aldebaran’s peace of mind, it would be best if she did not have the chance to intervene from here on out.

Even so――,

Aldebaran: [In battles , it’s something that’ll crop up every so often, but it’s damn frightening.]

Even in the Sparkas of the Gladiator Island, in the midst of life-or-death battles, there were times when an opponent who had sustained a fatal wound would muster all of the life force left within them, unleashing an attack that aimed to bring him down with them. Among Aldebaran’s experiences, there was even someone who had tried to kill him after having their head sliced off.

Actions with the resolve to accomplish what they set out to do, such that even if one’s consciousness or life were lost, the vestiges of their feelings left behind in their limbs would attempt to carry out their will.

Emilia’s hail mary just now, was the form taken by her feelings of wishing to stop Aldebaran no matter what, and so――,

Aldebaran: [――Wait.]

As he attempted to praise her force of will, Aldebaran held his breath.

Before his eyes, the ice pillar had barely missed Aldebaran to thrust itself into the ground―― that was a colossal spear of ice, one that seemed like it might be wielded by a giant from legend. But, for that to have been fired with the objective of killing Aldebaran, was far too much of an exaggeration, no matter how one might see it.

Something this massive, it was just as if――,

Aldebaran: [――An anchor .]

Indeed, it happened right after he let that mutter slip. ――With the ice spear Emilia had fired as a landmark, new assassins were dispatched to Aldebaran as he attempted to push on towards the Grand Mogolade Geyser.

That was――,

???: [――Yo, helmet bastard, looks like you got roughed up pretty badly while I wasn’t looking.]

Aldebaran: […I could say the same for you, and it also seems like you’ve wound up with quite the foul-mouth, haven’t you, Filóre-chan?]

Having each surmounted their preliminary battlefields, they were fellows who had risen to the next stage.

The Combined Forces headed by Filóre Lugunica―― no, by Felt; just like when they had hit him with a flash grenade of Memories, they now stood in his way once more.

--- Chapter 54: 『Warlock』VS『Witch』 ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Just like you, I am a complete failure of a girl.]

Aldebaran would never forget the somber expression upon the Witch’s visage as she spoke those words.

And so, he had thought.

Did even the Witch, with a face that seemed to know just about anything and everything concerning this world’s providence, with a demeanor that seemed to disseminate the roots of knowledge through every nook and cranny of this world, who conducted herself with an air of understanding every aspect of the universe, did she too have moments in which she grieved her own powerlessness?

Witch: [Of course I do. If you would like an example, then your very existence… the very fact that you are currently like this, is proof that I was lacking, after all.]

Hearing that, Aldebaran’s feelings were complicated.

Within Aldebaran, this Witch was a great existence, and though he was loath to admit it, she was even a tremendous one. Although there were few to whom he could compare her, she was someone who always felt greater than any comparison.

For that Witch to consider herself a complete failure, was of no joy to him whatsoever.

Only, if the Witch had been bereft of such self-acknowledgement, her current relationship with Aldebaran would not exist. If the Witch had been in any position to not deem herself a complete failure――,

Witch: [Then, you and I would have simply remained in our rightful places. You are free to daydream about a future that did not unfold in such a manner, but unfortunately, you ended up being dealt the worst fate of all. Though I am sorry to say, it was rather fortuitous for myself.]

That deliberately wicked phrasing seemed to be an equal blend of the Witch’s humor and the Witch’s sincerity. As for which one it actually was, he could not tell.

After all, always boasting of her inability to comprehend the human heart, the Witch’s true feelings were unclear to even Aldebaran, who had been in her company for so long, leaving him with nothing to latch onto.

But, supposing the Witch’s words were correct, it was rather strange.

After all, even though the alignment of the stars was at its absolute worst for Aldebaran in his current circumstances, he did not consider his days with the Witch to be a misfortune.

Though certainly, with her putting him through the experience of being killed a million times under the guise of being a trial, calling him by a name he disliked even after objecting to it in disagreement, there was no doubt that these circumstances were far removed from any ordinary notion of happiness.

Witch: [To think you could find value in living alongside a complete failure of a Witch, you are truly a pitiful child.]

This was a complex muttering, containing both self-deprecation alongside a firm deprecation of the other party.

However, Aldebaran would not fail to hear the gentle timbre that could not be fully concealed therein.

Even if they were meager, even if they were easily lost in the mix, even if they were difficult to understand, earnest emotions did dwell within the Witch. Searching for evidence as a basis to believe that, was a pastime of Aldebaran’s.

In truth, he did not really know for sure. It might have just been a misunderstanding or a misconception.

What mattered was how Aldebaran felt; the Witch’s true intentions were her own to keep. ――What was the truth for Aldebaran, was for Aldebaran alone.

Witch: [The way you separate those things is remarkably reminiscent. As expected, the thing known as influence is not to be trifled with.]

Narrowing her black eyes, fiddling with her white bangs, thus spoke the Witch.

While simultaneously looking past Aldebaran to somebody else, and at herself reflected within Aldebaran’s irises, the Witch muttered those words reminiscently.

Influence, it was only natural for such a thing to exist. In birth, and in upbringing.

In Aldebaran, and in the Witch.

Failure, inadequacy, imperfection. ――Was that past of hers really so shameful for the Witch?

Was it a curse for him to think that thanks to it having turned out that way, his days with the Witch were able to continue?

If only one thing could be said, it was――,

Witch: [――Aldebaran.]

A reunion spanning a decade for Aldebaran, and stretching across four centuries for the other party, when the figure of the Witch―― nay, of the Witch of Greed, present amidst familiar scenery, was one that contradicted the complete failure she had spoken about back on that day, Aldebaran was overcome with unbearable feelings of loss and despair.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Fiddling with the metal fixtures of his black helmet, Aldebaran surveyed the situation.

Before his eyes, having used the almost divine colossal anchor of ice as a landmark, the lineup of personnel boldly squared off against Aldebaran.

The group opposing him was one centered around Filóre―― no, around Felt, so Aldebaran made no effort to question the meaning of those having assembled here.

Even without needing to ask, he understood. ――Roy and Heinkel had been defeated.

He could not imagine that even “Aldebaran” had been defeated, but since the Dragon had not hastened here, it seemed that it was being contained through some means.

On top of defeating the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, even if he may have been restricted with his Authority and with the “no-killing” rule, the fact that they had even devised a countermeasure for the Divine Dragon was quite honestly beyond Aldebaran’s imagination.

Just what sort of stratagem had they prepared; he would likely not get an answer even if he asked, but――,

×　　×　　×

――Two-hundred and forty-six.

Aldebaran: [――No matter how you slice it, a Witch Factor’s just way too far for your resolve, lil’ miss Petra.]

???: [――Hk.]

At Aldebaran’s straightforward remark, an air of tension ran through Felt’s group.

The one whose cheeks had stiffened the most was naturally Petra, given that her name had been called out. From their perspective, Petra’s Authority was their trump card, something that was supposed to have been top secret.

In fact, that policy had been firmly shared by all their personnel.

Yet, even the most iron of hearts could not remain unfazed before an unforeseen stab.

In response to Aldebaran’s questions, everyone had kept up appearances, but through even the slightest shifts in gaze or attention, he would just keep testing over and over again, relentlessly probing in those directions. As a result, by pursuing the minute differences in their reactions, Aldebaran had arrived at the answer he desired, standing steadfast before him. ――Though, he had been considerably shocked when it turned out to be Petra, who had taken in a Witch Factor.

Aldebaran: [In the first place, I predicted that when either lil’ miss Petra or lil’ miss Meili read that , they’d be completely incapable of returning to the front lines.]

Having sealed Natsuki Subaru and Beatrice away at the Pleiades Watchtower, and after getting Garfiel and Ezzo out of the way, Aldebaran had let Petra and Meili go without any harm.

Not only was that because there had been no need to eliminate them, it was a stratagem in anticipation of what was to follow.

In order to keep Reinhard contained, it had been absolutely necessary to manifest the Witch of Envy.

As the trigger for that, Aldebaran had selected Petra and Meili as the candidates to read Natsuki Subaru’s Book of the Dead. In reality, the intrusion of the Witch of Envy had granted Aldebaran a way out from his prolonged fight against Reinhard, successfully eliminating the greatest obstacle to his plan.

However――,

Aldebaran: […Even though reading anyone’s Book usually has a high chance of causing a mental breakdown , to think she was able to endure reading Natsuki Subaru’s Book of the Dead.]

A precedent, did exist. ――Aldebaran happened to know that all too well, but even so, the reason he did not believe that anyone could accomplish that same feat was due to the absolute nature of Death.

The Book of the Dead belonging to Natsuki Subaru was a special-grade cursed object that, depending on the situation, could be used as a trump card to defeat a higher-level opponent. It was highly unlikely that there were many who could face it without having their hearts shattered.

Aldebaran: […Or rather, I’ve got a bad habit of underestimating others.]

Regardless of what Aldebaran thought, it was a matter of fact that Petra was now standing here.

Not only had she avoided having her heart shattered by the impact of reading the Book of the Dead, she had even gone so far as to perform the outrageous act of housing a Witch Factor within herself. In all likelihood, the experience of reading the Book of the Dead had led Petra to doing so.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Flashing through the back of his mind, those words of the Witch were intended to rouse Aldebaran’s spirits, never to fill him with arrogance or cause him to stumble.

If he got that mixed up, Aldebaran would lose the Witch for good this time. ――This time for good, he would lose the Witch who, reduced to the Witch of Greed, had lost the heart she had certainly once possessed.

Aldebaran: [――In the end, I guess I just can’t leave fate in the hands of others.]

Suppressing the sentimentality gripping his heart with deep breaths, Aldebaran faced forward.

The enemy was strong, the obstacles many, he was bereft of allies, with nothing to be proud of―― even so, he decided to proceed.

That instant――,

???: [――ORAHHHHH!!]

――Ablaze with rage, the stout fist of the golden tiger furiously drove into Aldebaran’s head.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never partake in celebrations.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Sixty-one people in total.

After the conclusion against Roy Alphard of Gluttony, that was what composed the Aldebusters―― the combined strength of the Emilia Camp and the Felt Camp, reorganized for the final battle against Al.

Right after that fierce battle had ended, when the team was reorganized without taking a moment to breathe, Petra could not help but feel gratitude and admiration that so many still chose to remain. However, that was by no means condemning those who did not accompany the reorganized team.

???: [After all, neither Otto nor Meili can be pushed any further than that.]

Just as the Imaginary Subaru said, for Otto and Meili―― both individuals who had served as deciding factors in the clash against Gluttony, withdrawing from the front lines was necessary; it was only natural for Otto, whose Memories had been eaten, and Meili, who had vehemently exhausted herself by overworking her Divine Protection to detain the Black Serpent.

And it was not just them. Roy’s trump card, unveiled in the eleventh hour, using the Authority of Gluttony to force them to relive pains of the past, had abraded some of their minds to the limit. Unlike wounds to the body, abrasions to the heart could not be easily restored even with Petra’s Compression. But then again, Meili had still continued to insist that her recovery time be Compressed so that she could return to the front lines, but――,

Petra: [If you took out an advance payment on your life, Subaru wouldn’t be too happy, you know?]

And so, persuaded by Petra, Meili had reluctantly, truly so very reluctantly, accepted her withdrawal from the battlefield.

To be honest, Petra’s maiden circuitry felt a subtle discomfort upon witnessing Meili’s attitude in response to a persuasion that cited Subaru, but since it was the result of her own actions, she did not speak much of it.

Moreover, she also had the duty of keeping an eye out for the Black Serpent that had been summoned by Gluttony, having vanished after combat had concluded. Petra felt apologetic that she was unable to grant her a complete rest.

“Subaru”: [We’ve got no choice but to have the capable ones fill in where they can. With that said, there’re still some crazy guys who’ll rush into the most high-risk situations even without their memories.]

Petra: [It’s incredible, isn’t it? You can’t help but think that Otto-san’s that way, even without his memories.]

“Subaru”: [I guess it’s just his innate disposition? He might be a risk junkie .]

If the person in question were to hear that remark, whether he had memories or not, he would likely retort in a deeply emotional tone, “Could you please refrain from saying such disreputable things about me!?”; but, there was no avoiding him being thought of in such a manner.

Either way, Gluttony had firmly weakened their precious fighting strength, limiting the cards in their hand for the climax. She was glad for Garfiel’s return, but the fact that they could not devote the entirety of their forces to Emilia and Rem was regrettable for both Petra and “Subaru”.

But, even so――,

Petra: [――We’re going to win, Subaru.]

“Subaru”: [Yeah, let’s go and win. After all, we can’t let everything we’ve built up to this point be for nothing.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never speak of my dreams to another.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――In the end, I guess I just can’t leave fate in the hands of others.]

An offhanded remark, yet with a tone carrying resolve, that which was spoken by Al had served as the signal.

Garfiel: [――ORAHHHHH!!]

With the raging Garfiel at the vanguard, the Aldebusters simultaneously sprung into action.

Keeping her eyes trained over those movements, Petra grasped her hands tightly over her chest.

――With the ice anchor Emilia had fired as a landmark, Petra had Compressed the distance to the current location with the Aldebusters in tow, barring Al’s path once more.

In all honesty, the fact that Emilia and Rem were not present, and the fact that the kunoichi assigned to accompany Al, who had unexpectedly been carried off with him, was nowhere to be found was certainly a cause for concern, but,

“Subaru”: [――Al’s side has no reason to lift their no-killing restriction.]

Using that as reassurance, perhaps that was placing a bit too much hope in their opponent’s abilities and convictions.

But, when considering Al’s fighting style with his Authority of “Turning Back Time” until this point, that was the foundation. Since his Authority was far too strong, in a sense, Al had gotten away with being underestimated by his opponents up until now.

And that premise, even now that his allies had been stripped away from him, ultimately would not change.

Garfiel: [Gahguh-!]

Having rushed straight ahead without any preparatory movements, Garfiel raised his voice in pain.

The reason for this was his collision into a stone slab that had suddenly appeared along his trajectory. Having slammed his face into the stone slab that had preempted his initial strike, Garfiel’s body rolled over mid-air. And slipping past from underneath Garfiel, Al moved to intercept the fighting strength which followed after the golden tiger.

Coming after him was the trio of Ram, Flam, and Grassis.

“Subaru”: [Oddly enough, it’s the pink-haired sisters ! Well then, how’s it gonna go!?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Thirty-seven.

Intercepting Garfiel’s rush with a stone slab, he slipped underneath as the former reeled backwards.

The timing had been unexpectedly tight. If the stone slab was deployed too early, it would have been easily pulverized, and deploying it too late would allow Garfiel to pass right by it. Perfecting the necessary timing to strike him in the face, he put it into practice.

Garfiel: [Gahguh-!]

Hearing the cry of pain behind him, Aldebaran charged forward as three shadows swooped down upon him.

He was flanked on his left and right by Flam and her sister, in sync with Ram who came at him from an upward diagonal. He could expect that sort of high precision coordination between twins, but Ram’s ability to match them on first sight highlighted the abnormality of this teamup.

Thereupon――,

Aldebaran: [Lil’ miss Rem was crushed flat at those cliffs back there.]

Ram: [She wasn’t. Do not underestimate Ram and Rem’s sisterly love.]

Neutralized by the sisters’ synesthesia, the venom in his words failed to exhibit any effectiveness.

Given her lack of discomposure, there was likely no falsehood in Ram’s statement. Inferring how that signified Rem’s safety, as well as the unknown fate of Yae, it merely ended up serving as venom against himself.

However――,

Aldebaran: [―― Earth Brand Arts .]

Using the Mana coming to him via his pathway with the Dragon, Aldebaran surrounded himself with swords of stone. In order to avoid the tips of the swords shooting up from the ground one after another, the twins deftly maneuvered their bodies to perform evasions, yielding a momentary delay that shifted their three-way coordination into a solo-attack from Ram.

With Ram singled out, he grabbed one of his stone daos and thrust it toward her head-on――,

Ram: [That’s fine. Will be borrowing it.]

Having scooped up his sword with wind magic, Ram slammed it right into the side of his jaw.

×　　×　　×

――Ninety-one.

Ram: [That’s fine. I’ll―― not be borrowing it.]

Declaring so, Ram allowed the stone sword she had pulled toward her with wind to pass by, brittly crumbling as it flew past her; as she had failed to take the sword, Aldebaran delivered a blow unto her.

Ram parried that blow with wind from her wand, skillfully controlling the wind currents to build air pressure and push past the clash of blades. Grabbing her leg with a stone prosthetic, he hurled her behind him while being bombarded by an onslaught of wind blades.

Ram: [――Hk.]

Leaving Ram gritting her teeth behind him, Aldebaran pressed onward, and the delayed sisters of Flam and Grassis swooped down on him once more.

Readying himself for their approaching agility that could not be underestimated on account of their youth, Aldebaran spread out his real right arm and artificial left arm, and roused a surging wave of sand to clear away everything in the one-hundred and eighty degree field of view in front of him.

The girls were engulfed by the billowing sand, becoming encaged within the ground――,

???: [――Warrior ta Yin Six! Magician ta Wind Five! King ta Flowers Eight!]

A surging force abruptly slammed into him from the front, plunging him into the sea of swords he had forged behind himself.

×　　×　　×

――One-hundred and twelve.

???: [――Warrior ta Yin Six! Magician ta Wind Five! King ta Flowers Eight!]

As soon heard it, he forcibly closed in his outstretched arms, fixing the muzzle of the wave of sand directly in front of him―― the large bearded man who appeared there a beat later basked in the billowing wave, ending up in the same predicament as Flam and Grassis.

Thereby averting that misfortune, Aldebaran would attempt to overcome the enemies as he jumped out diagonally――,

???: [UL GOA!!]

Still in his mid-air leap, he was struck by an unavoidable fastball of flame, scorching his insides.

×　　×　　×

――One-hundred and forty-six.

???: [UL GOA!!]

After trapping the twins and the large man in sand, he deliberately delayed his advance in response to the approaching fireball. Instead, what ended up basking in the inferno was a poorly made clay doll that Aldebaran had manifested in the spur of the moment―― a poor knockoff of the magic Emilia had used to recreate Natsuki Subaru with ice.

The fireball aimed to strike Aldebaran’s head as he leaped forward, so amidst a combat requiring split-second decisions, it was easily baited by the poorly made earthen doll.

???: [Wha!?]

The skinny man who had cast the spell, with his mean-looking eyes and tongue piercing, gasped at Aldebaran’s countermeasure.

So long as he was not an expert magician, he would not be able to unleash Ul-tier magic in rapid succession. Flipping up his artificial middle finger to that expression of shock, Aldebaran moved to advance even further this time――,

???: [――Fire!!]

From an oblique trajectory behind him, a light was fired as a shock wave that speared through Aldebaran’s back; the luminosity of the corona that seemed to scorch the world painted even his consciousness white.

×　　×　　×

――One-hundred and forty-seven.

???: [――Fire!!]

Turning to face the direction of the gallant war cry, Aldebaran recognized the identity of the perpetrator as Felt, baring her high canines in a valiant expression, in her grasp the magic staff that sourced the beam of light.

That was the Meteor known as the Star Staff, something the Witch had once used during her lifetime to make even the Divine Dragon cry; in other words, it was one of his mentor’s loose ends.

Aldebaran: [For Teacher to be getting in my way here, what kinda damn bug is this?]

At the untiring challenge that would stretch endlessly on ahead, at the wall he would have no choice but surmount at all costs, and at the fact that it was something originating from none other than the very Witch who had guided Aldebaran’s path, a tinge of melancholy burgeoned in his heart.

As Aldebaran contemplated, the white light mercilessly engulfed him once again.

Well then――,

×　　×　　×

――One-hundred and forty-eight.

Felt: [――Fire!!]

――The approach of this white light, just how on earth could it be conquered?

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never bestow a gift upon another.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――The Authority of Tristitia, just what exactly is that power capable of?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never wave at anyone.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――It can’t just be a simple warp . There’s no way it’s just that, it’s an Authority.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never pray before going to sleep.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――It ought to be manifesting some sort of concept. Right? Tristitia, Tristitia, huh?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never comfort the wounds of another.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――Feeling blue, a downer , cloudy skies, depression, feeling crushed… Crushed?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never find joy in a clear sky.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――Is it crushing? Things like intervals and distances? No, it’s not just those things being crushed, is it?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never lament a rainy day.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――It’s crushing and filling in the insufficient time for thinking, isn’t it? But, Witch Factors aren’t…]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never gaze upon a rainbow in the company of another.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――Witch Factors aren’t anything so convenient, now are they?]

That instant, hearing Al’s words as he broke through the encirclement of the Aldebusters to finally stand right before her, a chill ran down Petra’s spine.

She was unable to actually see Al’s eyes, concealed by his steel helmet. ――Yet, their eyes did meet. That sensation made Petra feel as if her innermost thoughts had been laid bare, a sense of urgency gripping her heart.

It seemed to be exclaiming that somehow, Al possessed a deeper knowledge of the Witch Factor than even Petra.

“Subaru”: [Petra!!]

???: [――Witch ta Flowers Eight!!]

Petra: [――Hk.]

As the command of the cornered husky voice overlapped with the cry of her beloved within her mind, Petra performed Compression on the hesitation that had sprouted within herself, before distancing herself from Al to escape his clutch―― that entire process was Compressed, separating them in an instant.

Aldebaran: [Oi oi, so you can even crush space for yourself…!]

Petra turned to look back, having vanished from right before Al’s eyes, and watched as he clicked his tongue at his failure to catch her.

As Al’s shoulders heaved up and down, his distance from Petra had been set back to square one. Between the two of them as they glared at each other, the Aldebusters, whom Al had exhausted all his efforts to overcome, rose to their feet. In order to reach Petra once again, he would have no choice but to surmount the same hurdles.

However, Petra did not feel as though she had bested him in the slightest.

“Subaru”: [Petra, what Al just said a minute ago…]

Petra: [I know… He really is resetting.]

Hearing the words of the Imaginary Subaru as he floated beside her, Petra narrowed her eyes and gave a nod.

It was not as if she had really been doubting it up to this point, but after witnessing Al’s “Turning Back Time” firsthand, she could not help but feel astonished by how extraordinary it was.

Garfiel’s preemptive strike; the coordinated onslaught of Ram, Flam, and Grassis; the three-pronged enclosure by way of Compression consisting of Gaston, Rachins, and Felt; the obstruction of fifty people mobilized in accordance with Rom-jii’s orders: Al had flawlessly dealt with it all.

He had surmounted all of that with nothing but the most optimal of solutions.

“Subaru”: [Though, our Compression of thoughts should be able to produce similar results…]

Petra: [That’s just thinking as hard as possible in order to come up with the right answer. As expected, it’s a bit different from the powers that Subaru and Al-san hold.]

“Subaru”: […If that’s true, I guess I should be this strong, too.]

Scratching his head, “Subaru” lamented his worthlessness. But, Petra did not see it the same way.

Subaru, in his own Subaru way, had confronted his own Authority head-on, and holding tight to the many that ought to have been lost, he had saved Petra and the others. There was not a single shred of worthlessness about him.

And on the other hand to that line of thought――,

Petra: […How many times did you need to restart before you got the chance to reach your hand out towards me?]

As far as Petra was aware, Al’s strength as a warrior was modest―― that was to say, it fell far short of the likes of Ram and Garfiel, on a level that could not even contend with Heinkel. Nevertheless, Al had made sport of the Aldebusters all by himself, and was on the verge of putting them into checkmate.

“Subaru”: [Not even just ten, he might already be on his twentieth try.]

Petra: […I think it might be a bit more.]

Hearing “Subaru’s” naive estimation, Petra anticipated the possibility that it would have actually been ten or twenty times that.

In fact, supposing it was Petra in the position of needing to outmaneuver the Aldebusters, even if she had an Authority that allowed her knowledge of upcoming developments, she was not confident that she would be able to clear it in even a hundred attempts. Not to mention, Al had also managed to sidestep Reinhard, even if he had also needed to borrow the Dragon’s strength to do so.

In order to accomplish such a feat, just how much of one’s heart would one need to kill?

If Al’s “Turning Back Time” was truly what Petra and “Subaru” envisioned, if it was truly a power that came at the cost of Death like Natsuki Subaru’s, then standing there was a dreadful Warlock, masquerading in frivolity.

Al had already conquered the fear and loss of Death―― no, there existed no human capable of conquering that. If it had to be said, it was not conquest, but numbness.

A being who had gone numb to even the instinct of all living things to fear and distance oneself from Death―― that was the secret behind Al’s strength, and what was tied to his absolute nature as a Warlock.

In order to surpass that absoluteness, she too would have no choice but to pay a worthy compensation.

“Subaru”: [――Petra.]

Petra: [It’s alright, Subaru… I’ll be alright.]

He was a being who existed only within her mind.

Only to the Imaginary Subaru, and him alone, had Petra’s secret been revealed; one that had neither been disclosed to any of the Aldebusters, nor to any members of the Emilia Camp.

It was something that the Warlock before her, deeply knowledgeable about Witch Factors as he was, had said to her.

――Upon the one who styled herself the Witch of Tristitia, the likes of a convenient fate smiled not.

Petra: [Even so, something like that isn’t any reason for me to stop.]

Deceiving even herself in such a manner, Petra Leyte―― the Witch of Tristitia, exercised her Authority.

In exchange for interfering with the rules of the world, the existence known as herself was relinquishing its future; no matter how precious and irreplaceable that future was, the newly-birthed Witch did not hesitate whatsoever.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Seven-thousand and eleven.

Petra: [Even so, something like that isn’t any reason for me to stop.]

Seeing Petra’s lips spin those words from afar, Aldebaran could not help but take his hat off. He did not go so far as to actually remove his helmet, but it was to the point that he wanted to do so.

After all, was that not so?

Aldebaran: […Truly, Natsuki Subaru’s one unforgivable guy.]

Grinding his teeth, Aldebaran, in his clash against the Combined Forces―― it seemed like they called themselves the “Aldebusters”. He liked the flair. Though, he did not wish to consider its origin.

Anyway, in his clash against the Aldebusters until this point, he had uncovered that Petra had taken in the Witch Factor of Tristitia, along with the majority of specifics of how its Authority functioned.

As with any battle, it was essential to gather as much accurate information about the opponent as possible.

This was especially true in battles against Sin Archbishops or Witches, and it was often the case that if one confronted such an opponent without a grasp what sort of Authority they were up against, it tended to end in a one-sided killing. ――The ability to overcome being killed in the first encounter was an advantage possessed by both Aldebaran and Natsuki Subaru.

Putting that advantage on full display, Aldebaran had grasped the Authority of Tristitia; it was quite the ridiculous ability. The power to crush―― to Compress space and time, was utterly unrivaled in its adaptability and irksome nature.

To top it all off, it seemed like this Authority was also capable of performing Compression on thoughts, so even within a single second of combat, they were able to think things through thoroughly, and pounce at him one after another with conclusions honed to a razor’s edge. Even with Aldebaran’s Territory, it was a difficult problem that could not be easily solved.

In fact, in order for him to just slip past a mere eleven seconds of combat, he had needed seven-thousand retries.

And yet, even after enduring all that, he had failed to catch the ever-important Petra. ――Now that the same amount of distance had been opened between them, it would likely take the same, or an even greater number of attempts to reach her again.

Aldebaran: [Be that as it may, Valga’s affinity with the Authority of Tristitia is just the worst…]

Among the members of the Aldebusters, the figure of Valga Cromwell, who had given him a thorough amount of torment, was present.

While not making any use of the large build he had been blessed with, the resourceful monster had been granted an unlimited amount of time to think freely, allowing him to overwhelm Aldebaran by finding the most optimal solutions.

It was a nightmarish combination, one akin to arming a gorilla with a machine gun. [1]

If Aldebaran were to dance in the palm of Valga’s hand, there was a risk that he could suffer a complete defeat once again. Hence, even if he managed to rob them of their time for thinking, he would not be granted many opportunities for trial and error.

Not to mention, it was not Aldebaran’s intention to keep allowing them to use the Authority of Tristitia.

That was because――,

???: [――The Witch Factor of Tristitia is a defective article. It is a one-of-a-kind Factor that was prepared for the Valiant, so it is not capable of compatibility with any other. From a different angle, however, it could be said that it is compatible with anyone who is willing to pay the compensation, but humans are creatures who can sell off far too much in exchange for their resolve.]

Information about the Witch Factor of Tristitia, told to him by the Witch in the past.

Perhaps because she had many reservations on the topic, the Witch had not been very eager to divulge much concerning the two Witch Factors that ought to be classified as supernumerary, but after running out of patience, her explanations had been surprisingly loquacious.

To make a mostly-irrelevant long story short, the main points were as follows:

――The Witch Factor of Tristitia, would invoke its Authority in exchange for the holder’s will.

――The compensation used by the Witch Factor of Tristitia, could only be paid by the holder.

Aldebaran: [――Natsuki Subaru.]

When his thoughts arrived at that point, Aldebaran once again felt his indignation surge towards Natsuki Subaru.

Of course, Aldebaran did not blind himself to the fact that his own plan of having Petra read the Book of the Dead had played a role in the events that led her to take in the Witch Factor of Tristitia. But, if it was Aldebaran who had created the impetus, then it was Natsuki Subaru who carried a significant portion of the responsibility.

Considering the relationship between Aldebaran and Natsuki Subaru, saying that much was only natural.

The large shadow that hung over Petra’s life was something that had originated from Natsuki Subaru. Aldebaran would not say that he had harbored malicious intent, nor did he believe that to be the case, but the influence he had over her went without saying. And not limited to just Petra, it could be said that he had exhibited a certain fateful power over even the Aldebusters―― no, over many scenarios even preceding this battle. [――Co] Regardless, it was a bit ironic to call it a fateful power. After all, even though it was none other than Natsuki Subaru and Aldebaran who despised fate the most, [――m] it would have been no exaggeration to say that their actions were what decided fate. [――p] Upon thinking that, what flashed through Aldebaran’s mind were the words of the woman of such brilliant crimson. Back then, [――re] the words of praise she had spoken to him in their final time together, were attempting to scorch Aldebaran’s heart. Deliberately, he averted his gaze, and plugged his ears. [――ss] At this stage, it was far too late for him to reflect on his own actions. That which now sustained Aldebaran was not she whom he had lost, but the Oath he had sworn to his Teacher. [――A] The purpose for which Aldebaran had been born, that which he had been made into Aldebaran to accomplish, the culmination of all that was now being put to the test. For that reason, he had not the time to halt his tracks and think―― wait, wait wait wait. Isn’t this too long? Just a moment’s pause, a chance to take a deep breath before the battle resumed. [――go] That’s what it ought to have been. His opponents did not wish to allow him any breathers. He also did not want to grant his opponents much time. [――n] Even though they should have been at such a consensus, how could Aldebaran be engaging in such deep thought―― [――y].

Shit. This is strange. What is this? What did she say? Far in the distance, he could tell that Petra had moved her lips. One syllable at a time, he would pick up the sound those lips had weaved. Everything that had been thrown in while he was thinking, he picked it all up, and collected it together. Slow. Sluggish. Far too laggard. Collect the meaning, collect the significance, collect the intent. ――. ――――. ――――. It was no use. He could not silence his thoughts. He would just have to think. “ Compress ”? Crushing, huh? Crushing, what exactly? “ Agony ”?  Pain? Anguish? Suffering… suffering? Concerns, thoughts, unraveling. Fuck, she got me. They’ve been Compressed.

――My thoughts, they’ve been Compressed!!

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never divulge this important secret.

△▼△▼△▼△

Petra: [―― Compress Agony .]

A Compression of thoughts by way of the Authority of Tristitia―― a powerful buff effect consisting of speeding up her allies’ thoughts, omitting any need for discussion, and allowing them to take the most optimal measures after thorough consideration from everyone; conferring that unto Al was one of the countermeasures Petra had prepared against him.

Petra: [When you have too many things to think about, your head will get punctured .]

While it might have been presumptuous, Petra prided herself on being the third most knowledgeable in the world about the “Turning Back Time” of Return by Death, just behind Subaru and Al.

Petra had acquired that scholarship from the vicarious experience of the Death tasted by Subaru, so she had discovered a way to nullify―― no, to overheat the seemingly invincible Authority of Al.

That being, to overload his mind with accelerated thoughts.

In the past, when the Royal Selection had first commenced, Subaru had gotten into a fight and parted with Emilia in the Royal Capital, and the large amount of stress and mental burden that came as a result had worn down his heart.

Inadvertently, Rem’s devotion and his anger toward the Sin Archbishop had given him the chance to get back on his feet, but it was a fact that he had lost his will to fight, ending up as an empty husk, even if only temporarily. ――She would recreate that effect.

Since Al had already gone numb to the fear of Death, it was likely that he would not lose heart no matter how many Deaths he accreted.

Nonetheless, even if he had decided to make an enemy of the world, Al was still human.

Rifts would form in his mind, and he would be unable to avoid having it come apart at the seams. She would make it so.

For that purpose, no matter what she needed to give up in exchange――,

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

While tormented by the acceleration of thoughts, Al could be heard silently voicing those words.

His mind might have been under a high burden, but this situation was still a double-edged sword. The odds were even; either Al’s heart would give out from extreme exhaustion, or he would make full use of the Compression of his mind like the Aldebusters to fend off Petra and the others.

Hence, the battle from this point onward was do-or-die for the Aldebusters in the truest sense――,

Petra: [――Everyone! It’s only just getting started! Don’t lose focus!]

Everyone: [――YEAHH!!]

At Petra’s encouragement, her allies whose interactions had been Compressed cheered in response.

Finding that to be reliable, she was about to look out over the decisive battle against Al starting from square one―― then she noticed.

Among those who had just given her that reassuring response, there was someone whose voice she had not heard.

It was possible that they had just missed the timing. But, feeling a peculiar sense of discomfort in that, Petra glanced over in that direction, searching for the figure of the person who had given no response.

And then, she found him.

Petra: [――Rom-ojiisan?]

She found the figure of the Great Strategist who had given no response, the old giant who bore the duty of observing the battlefield and giving timely and accurate commands, his eyes having gone white as he slowly collapsed onto the ground.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Let us rewind the clock to mere moments prior.

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

Indeed, upon hearing Aldebaran declare those words, a tremor ran through Rom-jii’s large shoulders.

Upon bearing witness to the sight of Aldebaran standing still before the Combined Forces, Rom-jii felt an unnatural discomposure settle within him, causing him to stiffen as he motionlessly widened his eyes.

Rom-jii was well aware of Petra’s stratagem that applied the Authority of Tristitia.

Her strategy revolved around accelerating Aldebaran’s thoughts, placing a burden on his mind to fully exhaust him in one fell swoop. Rom-jii had also deemed it a necessary step in order to take down Aldebaran, given his ability to perform something akin to “Turning Back Time”, and thus he had promised to cooperate with it.

He had harbored some apprehensions towards speeding up Aldebaran’s thoughts, but since they were also Compressing their own thoughts to arrive at the best possible answers, he accepted that it would just boil down to their overall strength. If that was their course of action, Rom-jii also felt like he could lend his own strength.

And as it so happened, the battle against Aldebaran had gone just about exactly how Rom-jii had expected it to.

His comrades mobilized quickly, and successfully managed to drive Aldebaran into a corner. ――But, much to the shock of Rom-jii, his discomposure would commence from that moment onward.

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

Indeed, as Aldebaran declared so, Rom-jii’s position shifted in an instant. ――No, it was not only Rom-jii whose position had shifted; the positions of Aldebaran, Felt, and everyone else participating in the battle returned to where they had stood a mere ten-odd seconds prior, and recommenced from there.

And, Rom-jii had already experienced that same phenomenon five times now――,

Rom: [――What in tarnation, is this situation?]

Craning his neck all around, Rom-jii gathered that he was amidst the same scenery he had witnessed five times now, and wrung those words out in a solemn tone.

Nobody other than Rom-jii had noticed the abnormality of this situation.

Petra: [――Everyone! It’s only just getting started! Don’t lose focus!]

Everyone: [――YEAHH!!]

As proof of that, everyone other than Rom-jii responded to Petra’s rousing voice of leadership.

Then, they all faced Aldebaran, and sprung at him in unison.

Felt: [Rom-jii! Give us orders!]

Failing to notice his discomposure, Felt searched for a position to attack from with Star Staff in hand. The allies other than Felt who also possessed techniques that could serve as the deciding factor were also running while awaiting Rom-jii’s commands.

Watching their backs, Rom-jii gulped down his bitter saliva, and shouted out commands differing to the ones from just before――,

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

――Now for the sixth time, the final battle against Aldebaran commenced.

Translation Note:

[1] – 鬼に金棒めいた is a Japanese idiom along the lines of “Giving a metal bat to an Oni”. Essentially saying to make a strong thing even stronger. I have used all of my brainpower to generate an English equivalent to capture this sentiment. As some of you might know, this text is Japanese, and Japanese I can handle just fine. But Japanese with cultural specific idioms is like a chimp with a machine gun!

--- Chapter 55: Aggressor of the Territory ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Aldebaran’s Territory was an Authority linked to a Witch Factor.

However, Aldebaran was not the holder of a Witch Factor.

The Witch had called this “supernumerary” or “a special case”, but Aldebaran believed that instead of such sweet-sounding words, it ought to be declared as “appropriated” or “unenumerated”.

This phenomenon had a precedent; for instance, having once been compatible with Witch Factors and possessed Authorities, the Witches of Sin still retained the same powers even after being reduced to souls post-mortem.

On this matter, the Witch had likened Witch Factors to keys with the capacity to open the door that granted one the right to interfere with the world; she had conjectured that once the door was open, it would perhaps remain open even if the key was lost.

Albeit, in that case, even if it could explain the Witches of Sin, it would be unable to explain Aldebaran or even the Witch herself, so in conformance with this, she had proposed the theory of inheritance.

That possibly, a profound connection to a being who was compatible with a Witch Factor would innately open the door to the right to interfere with the world, to an Authority.

However――,

Witch: [Just as how a being with wings might find it difficult to explain the sensation of moving their wings to someone bereft of them, it is difficult to explain our Authorities, as they were not appended post-haste. You could say that our doors were half-open by birth.]

The reason why the Witch had worn a smug grin as she said that, was likely because it was her best attempt at humor. Unfortunately, Aldebaran did not laugh in the slightest, but he could at least assent to the point she was making.

Certainly, if the door had been fully open, the airflow would have likely been much better.

He was merely peeking through a gap in the door with poor airflow, trying to reach his hand through to the other side. Hence, the door would obstruct him, trapping his hand, and causing unforeseen consequences.

If, like the Witch, he could be satisfied without opening the door, perhaps it would have been better for him. However, Aldebaran was far too banal, and far too helpless for that.

If he did not keep the door open, Aldebaran would have had no chance of fulfilling the duty the Witch expected of him.

In that case, Aldebaran had no choice but to keep the door open, even if it was only ajar.

Ergo, just like a half-opened door, there were many opaque aspects to Aldebaran’s Authority.

From his hands-on experience with using it, as well as the Witch’s own inferences, he had a grasp on around eighty percent of the complete picture. Even so, Aldebaran faced no impediments to the use of his Authority, nor did he ever hesitate to use it.

That might be perceived as dangerous, but it was the same as how using a cellphone without fully knowing how a cellphone worked would not pose any threat to one’s life. But then again, Aldebaran’s Authority was intimately tied to life, so the circumstances might differ slightly to those of a cellphone.

In any case, although his Authority had accompanied him through a perceived time that spanned the length of over ten lifetimes, the Territory was largely a black box. ――The bug that would sometimes occur, was the utmost extremity of that.

The bug that would occur within the Territory was the phenomenon whereby the holder of initiative within the established Matrix would be transferred from Aldebaran unto a different target.

Normally, by creating a Territory of his own volition, Aldebaran would be permitted an unlimited number of attempts only within that defined space and time. During that interval, it was a given that Aldebaran would maintain his own continuity of memories, carrying out different approaches with each attempt as he searched for a breakthrough.

However, whenever some discrepancy in the starting parameters caused this bug to occur, the right to redo events within the Territory would transfer to another person within the Matrix, and until the Territory was lifted, they would be stuck repeating in an unending Matrix in perpetuity.

This bug, which had never manifested back during his days with the Witch, was something Aldebaran suspected had developed as a result of having lost faith in his Authority following his defeat in his first battle.

In fact, the bug invariably occurred at points when Aldebaran doubted his own Authority.

One such example was long ago on the Gladiator Island, when he had been pitted against a formidable enemy in a deathmatch he had nary a chance in a million of winning. Thereafter as well, when Aldebaran had wavered on his position in a clash against Leip Barielle, or when he had fought Yae after she was sent to assassinate Priscilla, this bug had occurred.

Above all――,

???: [――How fascinating. Transferring the initiative of an Authority unto another party, I have never heard of anything like it.]

When Aldebaran challenged the Witch of Greed who greeted him at the Castle of Dreams, that had occurred.

Witch of Greed: [It was quite the uncommon experience. I see, so that is the world you behold. Certainly, if you are unable to decipher what might be causing it, it would likely be a rather maddening phenomenon.]

He had slashed at the completely altered Witch of Greed, demanding that she return the Witch he knew.

Having launched attacks on her from every conceivable direction, when his creativity and trial and error had proven completely ineffective, what sprouted within Aldebaran was a skepticism towards his Authority, and as if to prove that, the bug surfaced.

Witch of Greed: [An alteration yielded from uncertainty towards the absolute nature of your Authority… that is to say, a power derived from your weakness. A pity that it seems to be completely ineffective against those already lost to madness. That goes for her, and for me.]

As Aldebaran stood baffled, the Witch of Greed spoke in depth of the hell she had tasted.

Certainly, that was the world of the Territory Aldebaran knew, while also something decidedly different at the same time; just how on earth the Witch of Greed had managed to endure it, he knew not.

As the Witch of Greed had said herself, was it because she was not sane?

Witch of Greed: [In the majority of cases when you exercise your Authority, you are the weaker party. You cling to the Territory in order to locate an infinitesimal chance of victory, wrench it open, and at last grasp onto it; the Victim, so to speak. Thus, if we declare the party who forces your use of the Territory as being the Aggressor, this would be an exchange of initiative between Victim and Aggressor.]

Watching as the Witch of Greed gleefully divulged the reality of hell, Aldebaran felt all the blood throughout his body grow cold, understanding that it was none other than a nightmare of his own creation.

The Castle of Dreams having been turned into a nightmare, the bug that had been yielded in the Territory, it was all the result of Aldebaran’s weakness―― it was a punishment born by the unforgivable sin known as weakness.

Witch of Greed: [The plan is still underway. The primary objective may be stuck at an impasse, but the secondary objective remains intact. The best we can accomplish with what little we have… that is the purpose for which both you and I are currently here. Is that not so?]

That sin was his cross to bear, yet as it weighed too heavy on his shoulders to carry it on his own, he had nearly abandoned it. And so, the Witch of Greed sneered at him, agreeing to drag it forward alongside him.

Indeed, at that smile, one he had longed to see, yet one he had not wished to see, Aldebaran resolved himself.

Aldebaran: [I, no matter what―― will definitely kill you.]

――The Territory’s bug: even that power derived from his own weakness, even that branding of his defeat, by putting it to use, Aldebaran would carry out his duty as the Following Star.

Witch of Greed: [――Why, must love fade?]

The Witch of Greed whispered such a musing, but the answer to it, Aldebaran did not know.

He had lost the Witch who sought love, lost the Sun Princess he had loved, and yet, still, he did not know.

――Neither did he wish to know.

△▼△▼△▼△

His thoughts, were accelerating. Amidst the thoughts that had likely been condensed by the Authority held by Petra, Aldebaran was unable to establish a priority order for the flood of thoughts ceaselessly inundating him, pushing his mind to the verge of bursting. Aldebaran: [――Shit.] It was a fearsome Authority. Unlike Divine Protections that could be a hit-or-miss in their effectiveness, most Authorities would invoke supernatural powers far transcending the norm, and Petra’s “Compression” was no exception. Authorities tended to be as powerful as the Witch Factor holder’s mind was flexible, but in that regard, her adaptability was far too high. It was either the result of unnaturally strong convictions, or flexibility born out of weakness. ――The talent to draw out a powerful ability from a Witch Factor was greatly tied to one’s mentality. The Witches of Sin and the Sin Archbishops would have been the former, while Aldebaran and Petra would likely fall into the latter category. Thus, whether it was people blessed with Divine Protections, people compatible with a Witch Factor, or even people with no abilities whatsoever, the ones who perceived Aldebaran to be formidable always fell into the latter category. In fact, the attack that had aimed to Compress Aldebaran’s thoughts had been as immediately effective as his opponent had hoped. For Aldebaran, who wished to avoid mental exhaustion, it scored full marks on nastiness as it whittled away at his remaining strength. Disregarding his Authority, Aldebaran was also on the weaker side. In a battle that necessitated moment to moment decision making, he fully understood the usefulness of a power that always allowed one to find the best course of action. But usually, no matter how much one endeavored during a battle, they could never hope for perfection. Ergo, it was necessary to eventually make a decision, cease one’s thoughts, and take the leap into action. Petra’s Compression forced the blank spaces in thoughts that would have originally been discarded to be filled, imposing over double the amount of exhaustion just to even reach the same conclusion. Hence, in exchange for that enormous waste of his mental capacity, Aldebaran had to keep up the utmost extremity in responses, akin to threading a needle as he formulated the most optimal maneuver against the highly-motivated Aldebusters. And then, right in the middle of that exhaustion――, ???: [――Rom-jii!!] Just after tiding over the offensive of the Aldebusters, what struck his ears was a voice akin to a scream. With that exclamation, Felt stood wide-eyed, watching as the large man of advanced age collapsed in the distance. That instant, not only Felt, but other members of the Aldebusters too, experienced a sense of unease tremor through their hearts. Before they even knew what had transpired, Valga Cromwell had fallen. Aldebaran: [――――] Naturally, even if they did not know the method, there was only one person who could have been responsible. As a result, excluding the ones who went rushing to Valga’s side, the hostility of everyone else was concentrated on Aldebaran. While receiving their animosity, Aldebaran, unseen to them from within his helmet, was motionlessly widening his eyes with the same shock that the Aldebusters had received. Aldebaran: [――He became the Aggressor of the Territory, didn’t he?] It was not as though he had aimed to activate it. But, since he was the cause, he knew exactly what had transpired. The Territory’s bug had occurred, causing Valga, one of the Aggressors, to be handed the initiative. Then, it was likely that the old giant had repeated these brief few moments enough times for his heart to be crushed. Aldebaran: [Tch.] At the arrival of a chance that could have been described as being rescued from the brink of death, or as a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, Aldebaran did not welcome it. As mentioned previously, the occurrence of the bug was unrelated to Aldebaran’s volition―― at the very least, it was not something he actively invoked. Thus, the activation of the bug was something Aldebaran took no joy in. After all, in the majority of cases, the bug would destroy the hearts of whomever it targeted. Aldebaran: [On Gladiator Island, with Sir Leip, even with Yae…] Facing off against Aldebaran, those who were engulfed by the Territory’s bug, caught in an inescapable loop of Death, had all ended up suffering some mental abnormality. The gladiators whose hearts were shattered proceeded to have their heads chopped off by Aldebaran; Leip Barielle lost his sanity, entirely forgetting about his long-held ambition; and Yae Tenzen succumbed to dread, and was thus transformed into his loyal servant. Having levied the condition of “no-killing” upon the execution of his plan, the way Aldebaran saw things, the Territory’s bug, distorting the hearts of its victims beyond recognition, could only bring about an end synonymous with Death. Hence, Aldebaran took no joy in this conclusion. ――Was that really true? ???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] The voice of the Witch he had once betrayed, her expectations, her ideals, now sounded within him. Faced with the tenacity, strategy, and unity of his opponents, he exercised fear toward the one-in-a-million, uncertainty toward the one-in-a-billion, and doubt toward the one-in-a-trillion; in doing so, the conditions to invoke the Territory’s bug were met. ――Those were, so to speak, because Aldebaran had questioned his Authority, himself, and the Witch. ???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] Once again, he heard the Witch’s voice.

――Then, he watched as the subsequent Aggressor collapsed to the ground, their eyes having gone white.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never cherish silence.

△▼△▼△▼△

Petra: [――Rom-ojiisan?]

The situation shifted. ――And in an unfavorable direction for Petra’s side, at that.

Watching as Rom-jii’s large body suddenly began to sway, collapsing to the ground, Petra’s eyes widened greatly. Surging forth within her chest was a multitude of emotions, composed of shock, bafflement, incomprehensibility, and discomposure; they seemed as if they were about to overwhelm her entire body, but――,

“Subaru”: [――Petra!!]

Petra: [――Hk.]

A loud bark from the Imaginary Subaru was just barely able to keep Petra’s consciousness from going over the edge.

It was fine to be surprised by unforeseen circumstances. There existed not a single person who could remain unshaken after receiving a hit from outside their consciousness. However, as the Witch of Tristitia, there was something Petra needed to do before being surprised.

In response to the events that had unfolded, she needed to Compress every last reaction.

Felt: [This isn’t a joke, something’s happening! Someone get Rom-jii back up!] / Gaston: [Don’t be unreasonable, his eyes just went white all of a sudden! What the hell, what happened to him!?] / Camberley: [Oi, what’re we gonna do! Without the old man, who’s gonna…] / Garfiel: [Shit! It’s Ram! S’gotta be Ram!] / Ram: [――It can’t be helped. The queen will be leaving the board. Do keep that in mind.] / Doltero: [If we don’t move right away, we’ll be no better than pigs waiting for scraps. I’ll make the first move.] / Rachins: [Goddammit! We can’t lose after coming this far!] / Flam & Grassis: [Naturally!!]

Compressing the unrest that had spread around all into a single instant, Petra fulfilled her duty as the Witch of Tristitia.

The cause had yet to be identified. However, they immediately decided on how to respond, with everyone beginning to search for the best course of action in unison. ――Naturally, Petra was no exception.

Leaving the situation to Ram, who had taken on the role of commander from the collapsed Rom-jii, Petra invoked the Authority of Tristitia to Compress the traversal distance between herself and Rom-jii.

Petra: [Rom-ojiisan… hk.]

Having fallen flat on his face, Rom-jii’s large body could not be lifted by Petra’s slender arms. But, peering into the side-turned countenance of the old giant, Petra choked up at the evident abnormality. ――Rom-jii’s visage appeared lifeless, giving off a sense of fatigue as if he had aged a hundred years in an instant.

“Subaru”: [Though, he never really looked like he was bursting with lively energy to begin with…]

Petra: [He wasn’t like this up until a moment ago, that’s for sure. Besides, if he thought there was something strange with his physical condition, Rom-ojiisan would have surely done the proper reporting, contact, and discussion.]

Rom-jii was well aware that if he carelessly concealed the abnormality in his condition, it would only serve to benefit the enemy.

If the Authority of Tristitia had been placing an abundance of burden on him, and if there had been signs he would faint like this, he absolutely would have informed them himself.

“Subaru”: [What about the unfunny theory that Rom-jii used up all his remaining lifespan due to the rapid firing of the Authority?]

Petra: [That’s really not funny, so theory rejected… still, I don’t think it was my Authority. Al-san had to have done something to Rom-ojiisan.]

“Subaru”: [But, what exactly?]

Ending up at the same dead-end question, Petra and “Subaru” puzzled for an answer.

Even now, since the Aldebusters were operating under Ram’s commands, fighting on in an effort to corner Al, Petra could not afford to divert all of her attention to figuring out Rom-jii’s collapse.

With that in mind, Petra was about to stand back up――,

Felt: [――You goddamn idiot! That’s the priority!]

Petra: [――――]

Indeed, with her back facing this direction, Felt corrected the order of priority without hesitation.

As Petra stared in wonder, Felt, with the Star Staff in hand as she flashed her sharp high canines,

Felt: [If you can’t somehow figure out what just happened, we’ll all be taken down with the same method.]

As if to prove Felt’s words as she grit her teeth in frustration, the members of the Aldebusters who ought to have been driving Al into a corner were decreasing. At a glance, several people had fallen to the ground, left behind by the fierce battle unfolding.

From how Felt had put it, the reason they had collapsed would have been the same as Rom-jii――,

Felt: [Rom-jii wouldn’t go down without a fight! Keep searching! There’s gotta be something!]

Having expended a few seconds in her interaction with Felt, Petra looked at Rom-jii’s large body. She also considered Rom-jii to be someone who, without any oversights, would live up to Felt’s expectations. Hence, if Felt believed that there had to be something, then there was undoubtedly something.

“Subaru”: [I mean, if you suddenly get hit with an Authority, there’s no way you’d be able to leave any clues behind…!]

Petra: […You think, it’s an Authority?]

“Subaru”: [It’d be strange if it wasn’t! Nee-sama would’ve realized if it was magic!]

Petra: [Right.]

Felt’s insistence × faith in Ram’s insight.

The multiplication of those two factors lent credence to the idea that it was Al’s Authority that had toppled Rom-jii. And so, if Rom-jii had truly left something behind――,

Petra: [――! Here!]

Upon thoroughly investigating Rom-jii’s body, which was lying languidly sprawled on the ground, Petra noticed that the old giant’s finger was covered in dirt. And what had caused it to be dirtied, was the mark he had scratched into the ground with his finger.

Falling, and using that impact to shift the giant’s body, Petra tumbled down and discovered the message that Rom-jii had left on the ground.

That was――,

“Subaru”: [A mark? Kanji… nah, some sort of map symbol…?]

Petra: [Not that, it’s more simple !]

At “Subaru’s” speculation upon witnessing the same thing, Petra put the brakes on his theorizing in a loud voice.

The mark that Rom-jii had inscribed on the ground―― it was a thick horizontal line, with four small vertical lines layered over it. It was not kanji or a map symbol, it was “tally markers” that counted up the number five in a single unit.

In other words, just before Rom-jii had lost his conciousness――,

Petra: [――He was… counting something?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Territory’s bug had begun to encroach upon Aldebaran’s plan. Aldebaran: [Shit…] Faced with that aggravating reality, a curse escaped through the gaps between Aldebaran’s clenched teeth. The first one to fall had been the strategist of the Aldebusters, Valga Cromwell. Despite the loss of their commander, was it Petra’s Authority that had allowed them to recover so quickly? But, if its effect was just crushing the interval, then it meant that everybody had managed to collect their emotions through their own individual strengths. Each time he keenly felt the strength in each and every one of their hearts, Aldebaran’s own weakness was brought into focus. Aldebaran: [Shit…!] In that instant as he thought about his own immaturity, the Aldebusters suffered yet another dropout. A thug brandishing a large machete fell to his knees, fainting as he spewed yellow gastric juices. Aldebaran made no counterattacks of his own. He could not. As a fundamental tactic, he was being repelled by Garfiel, whose base stats were on a much higher level, leaving him unable to mount a counteroffensive. Even so, his opponents had gradually been bleeding strength as the result of Aldebaran’s unintended bug. ???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] Once again, he heard the Witch’s voice. As soon as he did, the subsequent bug was activated, and another body hit the ground. That was difficult for Aldebaran. It was painful. Unbearable. ――The mental abrasion produced by the Territory’s bug, the fact that it sometimes would beget an outcome more repulsive than Death of the body, was something Aldebaran had come to learn in his days since waking up on the Gladiator Island. Hence, Aldebaran did not desire any such unintended conclusions to be brought about by the Territory’s bug――, ???: [――The hell are you doing blaming others for?] Aldebaran: [――Ah?] ???: [It’s obvious even without needing to see your face. It also pisses me off when people like Reinhard wear a face that seems to say that everything’s their own fault, but… yours is way worse than his could ever be.] Shaping a gap and forcing his way through the breach, Aldebaran found Felt glaring at him from across the human wall of the Aldebusters. Dwelling within her sharp crimson gaze was a stern, scornful ire directed towards Aldebaran, bereft of lie or falsehood. This was an ardent fury, one that she had not even displayed when he had taken her hostage, nor when he had ordered Roy to eat her Memories, so he could not fathom what he had done in this moment to truly incur her wrath. Neither the fall of the giant who was like family to her, nor the near robbery of the path she had forged until this point, the source of this ire that Felt now directed towards Aldebaran was――, Felt: [When that princess was around you’d do whatever she told you, so now that she’s no longer among us, you’re just gonna do whatever a totally different person says like a puppet? Even though you’ve got the nerve to talk all big and declare yourself the enemy of the entire world, do you really have no personhood to call your own?] Aldebaran: [――――] Spoken with an expression of anger from the very depths of her soul, Felt’s words caused Aldebaran’s cheeks to stiffen ever so slightly, and following that, his rage began to well up at the jabs of this utterly ignorant teenage girl. To say he had no personhood; even thoughtless declarations had their limits. Without even knowing the reason why Aldebaran could never call himself anything but Aldebaran, how dare she claim that Aldebaran had no personhood. Indignation scorched his entrails, and he sensed a nostalgic pain in his arm bereft of its forearm. This kind of useless rage ought to be cast aside. It was supposed to be his strong suit. To dismiss things, to scorn them, to ridicule them as being naught but obstacles in his way, and to cast them aside. Getting entangled with such things and losing sight of his objective would just be putting the carriage before the ground dragon; after all, avoidance of confronting his raw, genuine emotions was Aldebaran’s special skill―― no, it was a certain kind of worldly wisdom that he had acquired during the eighteen years since he had been released from that black orb. And so this time, he would do the same――, Garfiel: [‘S exactly as th’ amazin’ Felt told ya!] / Rachins: [Pay for what you’ve done, bastard!] / Gaston: [Drop dead, you moron!] / Camberley: [Nobody’s got your back anymore, bastard!] / Flam: [Al-sama, prepare yourself.] / Grassis: [The hour of judgment.] / Doltero: [Go ahead and cry like a pig.] / Ram: [――Truly a fool.] Aldebaran: [――Hk.] With the force of a surging wave, a torrent of abuse crashed into Aldebaran like a tempest of disdain. He attempted to ignore them like he usually―― with his thoughts Compressed, he was forced to confront them all. With his processing circuits shortened to speeds far beyond normal, he was left being made to process every last superfluous thought and emotion. ???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] / [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] / [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] / [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] / [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] / [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] / [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] / [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] / [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] / [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] / [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.] As Aldebaran felt an urgency to not allow such a progression, a voice drowned out everything within his mind. Loath to surrender himself to that, Aldebaran searched for the girl at the root of the situation. To the Witch of Tristitia who had forced Aldebaran to deliberate over every last thing, he would――, ???: [――He was… counting something?] Aldebaran: [――――] Having spotted the Witch of Tristitia, Petra Leyte, in the distance, he could make out that she had muttered those words upon discovering some sort of message left by the collapsed Valga Cromwell. That instant, a thick, blackish, ardent impulse began to brim over from within Aldebaran, taking on the form of words. Aldebaran: [――Your stars, were bad.] Felt: [Yeah, there you go. You’re nobody’s puppet. Now your true feelings are finally showing.] Hearing Aldebaran’s words, woven by a voice tinged with torrid fury, Felt flashed her teeth. Even though no part of that should have resembled her in the slightest, not whatsoever, not a single millimeter nor a single shred nor a single iota, it appeared to him as a smile of the same nature as the one Priscilla Barielle would often display. A nightmare. ――As such, he must extinguish it. Thus, for the first time in his life, Aldebaran willfully invoked the bug of the Territory.

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never wish for kindness from anyone.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

As Al’s voice spoke those words, Petra turned around whilst sensing a certain alteration.

She had already heard that battlecry several times over the duration of this battle, and likely, it was some sort of activation requirement for Al’s Authority. In a Territory, with a Matrix; as Rom-jii had surmised beforehand, in exchange for the limitations on Al’s “Turning Back Time”, it seemed to be quite a powerful ability.

Its time frame was far shorter than Natsuki Subaru’s Return by Death, yet it was consciously activated.

“Subaru”: [If it was possible to manually save in a baseball game , then you’d be able to save and load for each ball in the batter’s box, remember what type of pitch it is, and then keep hitting homeruns every time.]

Petra: [I get it, but it’s tricky to understand. Can you really do that sort of thing?]

“Subaru”: [It’s a bit difficult to explain to a girl who only knows the concept of the game on a surface level…]

For having read Natsuki Subaru’s Book of the Dead, she had intended on understanding it past the surface level, but in the sense that they were Memories that did not come alongside firsthand experience, what the Imaginary Subaru was saying was correct.

Although she was peering into Subaru’s Memories, Petra’s sensibilities remained entirely her own. Though of course, as with her feelings toward Emilia and Rem, what mattered most in that regard was how large a portion those emotions occupied within Subaru.

In any case――,

“Subaru”: [――You can’t let him out of sight.]

Petra: [I know.]

With the change in his voice and demeanor, the battle against Al was likely advancing to the next stage.

All the while, he had been whittling down their combat strength using the same method he had used on Rom-jii, yet miraculously, the Aldebusters’ main force, centered around Ram, Garfiel, and Felt, still held strong. There was no doubt that the Compressed thinking and communications were proving to be a great help, so Petra found it worthwhile to extract the absolute most value out of utilizing the Authority of Tristitia, shutting her eyes to its many demerits.

Felt: [Let’s get him, you bastards!!]

Everyone: [――YEAHHH!!]

As if to substantiate Petra’s determination, the overall morale of the group erupted with Felt’s rousing cry.

The pressure being applied by the Aldebusters was certainly chipping away at Al’s reserves, abrading his mind as it drove his heart and body to a lethal point of exhaustion.

It would all come down to whoever’s willpower ran out first, a test of endurance until one side could no longer remain standing―― indeed, it had happened at the moment Petra clenched her teeth, with her body and mind roused to high spirits.

Petra: [Huh?]

In spite of herself, her tightly clenched jaw dropped agape, leaving Petra dumbfounded.

That was only natural. After all, it was only just a moment ago that the Aldebusters had fired themselves up, brimming with motivation as they triumphantly launched their all-out assault on Al. ――Those members of the Aldebusters, without any warning, suddenly began toppling down where they stood like dominoes, unable to do a thing about it.

Petra: [――――]

That included Ram, and Garfiel too. It of course included the members of the main force; Felt, Flam and Grassis, Rachins, Gaston, Camberley, Doltero, and even the rest of the members of the Aldebusters all lost their strength; not a single person was left standing. Some fainted, some had their eyes lose focus as a result of extreme exhaustion, and some were petrified like dolls, becoming unable to move.

Everyone, it was all of them. ――No, there was still one person who remained standing.

Aldebaran: [――It’s the stars.]

Climbing over the wall of collapsed Aldebusters, the person who had stepped forth, while fiddling with the metal fixtures of the black steel helmet on his head, spilled those words.

As they reached her ears, Petra felt as if a part of her brain had gone numb, unable to put her head to good use. She could not afford to cease thinking. Even if Compression could fill in the intervals between events that happened, it would serve no use in filling an expanse of void.

Aldebaran: [Your stars, were bad.]

Declaring so as he approached her, Al removed his hand from his helmet and reached out to Petra, standing motionless as she was.

Right this instant, she needed a way to deal with it, a response, a countermeasure――,

“Subaru”: [――PETRA! FALL BACK WITH COMPRESSION!!]

Petra: [――Hk.]

Reflexively following the angry-sounding plea, Petra Compressed space, retreating a great distance backwards. Having created a much greater distance between them than simply jumping backwards would have, Petra’s knee trembled as she gazed at Al across the rocky terrain.

Receiving her gaze, Al repeatedly opened and closed the hand that had failed to grab Petra and breathed a long sigh. Then, with that distance opened between himself and Petra, he glared directly right back at her――,

Aldebaran: [―― Play ball .]

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

It was the moment she thought she had heard Al say the catchphrase that was typically used to declare the start of a ball game.

As if to overlap with that expression, a different declaration of Al’s followed just after. At that phenomenon of simultaneous utterances from the same person, Petra’s brain momentarily came to a halt as it attempted to grasp the situation.

But, as that stagnation would have been fatal, she immediately attempted to pull herself together――,

???: [Let’s get him, you bastards!!]

???: [――YEAHHH!!]

Petra: [Eh!?]

The very next moment, a courageous cheer and response shook the air, and she was stupefied.

Spread out before her, alive and well, were the figures of the Aldebusters, who were supposed to have been plunged into a catastrophic state mere moments ago. In a battle formation with Ram as the commander, Garfiel as the vanguard, and Felt readied with the Star Staff as the finisher, they were about to clash with Al.

But――,

“Subaru”: [Oi, oi oi oi, oi, this is…]

Astonished, the Imaginary Subaru floating beside her voiced his bewilderment. Even if she knew that bewilderment was the same sensation she was feeling, no peace of mind came upon Petra’s heart.

Only, receiving a tremendous discomposure, the situation moved faster than she could speak any words to stop it.

Petra: [――Uh.]

Undoubtedly, that was a replay of the scene that had unfolded just earlier.

The members of the Aldebusters all collapsed in unison, causing the exceedingly reliable group to crumble. As the powerful and brave Ram, Garfiel, and Felt keeled over, Petra once again crossed gazes with the last person remaining, Al.

Aldebaran: [――It’s the stars.]

Petra: [――――]

Aldebaran: [Your stars, were bad.]

That too was the exact same proclamation, followed by the exact same movements, so without needing to be prompted, Petra relied on the emotions in her heart, and leaped backwards through Compression.

Once again, glaring at Al across the distance opened between them, she heard his voice breathe out a sigh.

That was――,

Aldebaran: [―― Play ball .]

――That marked the beginning of Petra Leyte’s unending hell.

--- Chapter 56: Petra Leyte ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Machine-Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Petra Leyte was a country girl born in Arlam Village, a village in the Kingdom of Lugunica.

She had been born with a remarkable appearance and a natural shrewdness, but other than that, there was nothing particularly noteworthy about her. Originally, there would have been no room for her to become involved with events that would be engraved into history, and she would have likely lived out her entire life as a mere villager, with any prospect of visiting a city being nothing more than a dream.

Ergo, having veered off her “original” route, becoming involved with several larger-than-life incidents that would go on to be etched into history, Petra’s current state of existence was a result that had been warped through interference.

The fact that her fate had been distorted, was something that even Petra herself was aware of.

“Originally”, Petra was a cringeworthy girl who prided herself on her cuteness, under the mistaken impression that she could lead all the nearby adults and children around by their noses. Surely, the “original” Petra would have never corrected that misunderstanding, instead spending her days selfishly acting like the ruler of her own miniature world.

She did not think that would have been a particularly bad life. She believed such a life would have been happy and enjoyable in its own way.

Only, now that she had strayed from the “original”, Petra’s values simply did not allow her to view that as happiness.

Petra: [After all, none of the people I currently love would be there, would they?]

Subaru would not be there. Frederica would not be there. Emilia would not be there. Beatrice would not be there. Meili would not be there. Ram would not be there. Rem would not be there. Ryuzu would not be there. Annerose would not be there. Garfiel would not be there. Otto would not be there. Clind would not be there. Roswaal, well, that could wait for now. ――But, everyone would not be there.

Petra: [That sort of thing, it’s horrifying.]

If her “original” self was the one who had never met the people she loved, and herself that was standing here now was the result of some collision of fate, then she was truly glad she had strayed off from it.

As the result of taking a route that was not the “original”, one after another, she had been subjected to difficult experiences, painful experiences, sorrowful experiences, bitter experiences, experiences that made her think she was going to die, and experiences that almost made death seem like the preferable outcome.

But, beyond even those tough experiences she had been put through, there were things she had been given, things she had managed to grasp for her own.

Hence, Petra Leyte believed this from the bottom of her heart.

Petra: [Even if I could redo my life over and over, I’d still choose to stray from the “original”.]

Then, I’d meet you again and again, just so I could tell you this.

That person who knows the same suffering as you, despite looking so pained and so anguished, is still wishing upon the stars, after all.

Petra Leyte would――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never see off another’s departure.

△▼△▼△▼△

Petra: [――Hk.]

With a sharp exhale, she kicked off the rocky ground, running with reckless abandon.

Correcting her form, leaning forward, getting off to a start so ideal that it even amazed herself, she ran faster than she ever had in her entire life, and ran, and ran, and ran.

The sound of blood pumping roared through her body, her heart pounding out of her chest as if it would burst, and, leaving her own ragged breaths far behind her, she ran.

But even when she ran that hard――,

Aldebaran: [―― Play ball .]

The moment that cold declaration reached her from behind, her vision completely shifted.

Before she knew it, the fastest sprint her legs had ever run in her life had come to a halt, leaving her standing frozen in astonishment upon the rocky terrain. Laid out in front of her was the familiar scenery to which she had assuredly turned her back, and within it, the man clad in steel helm muttered.

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

That was the signal that the man, with his face concealed behind the helmet of jet-black, had commenced some undertaking by use of his Authority.

This span of time would always commence with that declaration of his, followed by her allies within her field of vision, knowing nothing of that man’s undertaking, fiercely raising voices that shook the air.

Felt: [Let’s get him, you bastards!!]

Everyone: [――YEAHHH!!]

Centered around the battlecry of the courageous young girl, the group’s morale swelled to a zenith, and exploded. Spurred forth by that momentum, they all charged at the steel-helmed man in unison. ――But, it was no use.

The result was plain to see. Their outstretched hands could not reach the other party no matter what they did.

Petra: [――――]

As though a thread had snapped, all thirty-seven individuals collapsed on the spot.

It appeared as though they had all collapsed at once. But, by carefully observing the manner in which each and every one of them collapsed, she had long since figured out that the way they fell actually had a very precise order to it. But, then again, there was only a difference of around two seconds between the first and the thirty-seventh person to fall.

There was no room to interrupt in those brief few seconds, and any attempt to do so had ended in futility.

???: [It’s not like it was futile. Learning that a method isn’t going to work, isn’t futile.]

Harboring such a bleak sentiment, her eardrums were thus struck by a voice―― no, it was not her eardrums. This voice was not one delivered by vibrations in the air, so it was not her eardrums that had resonated.

If it was not her eardrums that had resonated, then, just what in the world had it been?

???: [That’s a given, isn’t it? It’s the heart.]

The heart. ――Yes, that’s it. That’s right. It was because her heart had resonated, that she had been able to hear it.

Her heart still had enough leeway to resonate. As proof of that, he was there.

And so, mustering forth that name of his――,

Petra: [――Subaru.]

“Subaru”: [Yeah, I’m right here, Petra.]

Petra ; as those lips of his called out her name, she breathed a sigh of relief.

That was right. She was Petra Leyte, she still clutched onto that, refusing to let go.

After all, if that was the case, then, therefore, that was why, it would mean.

Aldebaran: [―― Play ball .]

――Petra Leyte had no choice but to continue on this tour of hell.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never accept the charity of another.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.] Aldebaran: [―― Play ball .]

An interval, commencing with that declaration, and concluding with that proclamation.

Just how much time had Petra spent trapped in this loop exceeding not even a single minute?

Petra: […Though, not even a single second has passed.]

With such a riposte to the whisperings of her own heart, Petra exhaled a raspy “hah”.

Even she found it to be a terribly cynical mutter, one of self-ridicule that seemed to despair over the world. To think that she could utter a voice clouded by such deeply blackened emotions, it was a shock to even herself.

But, it was certainly neither some sort of mistake, nor a matter of having misheard the voice of another.

After all, in this place――,

Petra: [The only voices present are mine, those people’s, that man’s, and Subaru’s.]

Flopping down on her backside, Petra pressed her forehead against her knees and grumbled so.

Before her eyes, the group of thirty-seven people attempted to charge at the lone helmeted man, and once again did the moment unfold in which they were all dispatched with nary a sound.

Truly, they were all out of their minds. Why couldn’t they just understand?

Petra: [Are they all just slow in the head? Why do they keep charging straight ahead without any strategy, even when it’s clear they’ll be taken down…]

See, there it happened again. Everyone was falling down, one after another.

An all-too-familiar sight, one far more absurd than the figures of villains that would be defeated incessantly by champions of justice on the morning Hero Time on TV.

Over, and over, and over and over and over, and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again――.

Petra: [――How stupid.]

There ought to have been clever individuals in their ranks, yet, why, for what reason, did they have no strategy? Even though they had been defeated time and time again, why did they not consider trying out any different approaches?

She knew. Those people were unaware that they had already been defeated countless times. They had no idea that they were being defeated over and over again, nor did they understand that they would only continue to be taken down over and over again.

If one knew not what lay ahead, then there was no avoiding being engulfed by that predetermined progression. She was just venting her anger toward them. It was unreasonable. It was illogical. She knew that. She knew, but.

Petra: [Even so, you’re all grown-ups, so just do something about it already…!]

Upon her folded knees, again and again and again, she slammed her forehead.

It hurts. It doesn’t hurt. It hurts. It doesn’t hurt. It hurts. It doesn’t hurt. It hurts. It doesn’t hurt. It hurts. It hurts.

Petra: [ AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Aldebaran: [―― Play ball .] AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

×　　×　　×

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.] AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ]

Across both the terminus and commencement of the loop, she had succeeded in raising her voice. So what?

At the eccentricity of Petra suddenly raising that strange cacophony, a shift was born in everyone who had been about to charge at the man helmed in steel. They all turned their eyes towards her, aghast at the sight of Petra scratching at her head and clamoring out.

Felt: [Oi, what’s wrong!?] Garfiel: [Petra! Th’ fuck’s happenin’, did he do somethin’ to ya!?] Ram: [Fall back, Petra! You are the cornerstone for Ram and the others!]

Voices hurtled towards her. Worrying for Petra, who had raised a strange cry upon being subjected to some abnormality, everyone in that moment produced fresh voices and words, trying to comfort Petra.

That made her glad. Thank you. I love you all. Really. Truthfully. But, I’m sick of it.

Petra: […I already know all that, you know?]

What manner of voices everyone would raise if Petra broke down like this, she knew.

That they would all do their best to rack their brains if Petra earnestly tried to explain the loop to them, she knew.

The fact that everyone would lend an ear if Petra proposed that they all run away and scatter through Compression, she knew.

She knew. She knew all of it. She had seen it, heard it, referenced it, divulged it, imparted it, discussed it, pondered it, challenged it, strategized against it, tried to defy it, tried to abandon it, picked it back up, then cast it aside again.

Petra: [Say something different already. Show me something different already. Be different already. Different from just now, different from before, different from what’s next, different from this time, just do something different already…!!]

With a crumpled-up face, the very visage of ugliness, Petra’s voice fractured with unseemly cracks, raising an incomprehensible string of words as she scratched at the ground to the point that her nails were starting to peel off. Beholding that, everyone was rendered speechless, but immediately pinpointing the cause to be the man in the steel helmet, they directed the brunt of their rage towards him, baring their fangs.

Ram: [Petra, stand up. Ram will lend you her shoulder.]

As the group charged towards the man in the steel helmet, one person had broken away from the crowd and extended her hand out to Petra.

How kind. Even in this situation, even with her sharp voice and steely expression, her hand was kind. I love you.

Petra: [But you see…]

Aldebaran: [―― Play ball .]

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

Indeed, her disheveled face, her peeled-off nails, her worn-out voice: all were restored.

The concern they had shown her, their uproar of righteous indignation, that distress towards one’s protegee, all of it had been reset. ――Having been reset, they would savor the unspoiled beginning and end with brand new feelings.

Felt: [Let’s get him, you bastards!!]

Everyone: [――YEAHHH!!]

How nice it must have been for everyone. With feelings so fresh, they could still cry out in such high spirits.

But she could not. She couldn’t. She had tried to do her best with them, and had done her best with them over a hundred times. But, that would change nothing, everyone would still collapse so selfishly before her with their eyes gone white; it was truly unfair.

Petra: [Maybe I should also get a bit unfair.]

With a pout upon her lips, she blurted out such words.

As she did so, everyone had already gone beddy-bye, so before Petra, the man approached with disorderly steps as he fiddled with the metal fixtures of his helmet.

Petra: [――――]

Then, leisurely, the man reached the very hand that had been fiddling with those fixtures towards Petra.

This was just a passing thought, but did he properly take care of that helmet? He would need to make sure to oil it, wipe it with a dry cloth, and do all the proper maintenance, wouldn’t he? Realizing that this person had been fighting constantly without even the chance to bathe, she felt a bit of resistance towards the hand that was extending towards her. But, she would endure it. Enduring it and enduring it, she waited for the outstretched hand to reach her. It might be harder if she kept staring at him. In that case, she’d shut her eyes so that he could catch her while she did so. Alright, oooone, twooooo, threeeee…

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

Right. Thought so. Even getting caught is no good. Ahahaha, just die already.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never speak of my failures.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

When she initially realized that she had been caught in a loop that commenced upon that signal, Petra had managed to maintain her composure without being greatly perturbed, even in the face of such an aberrant situation.

She had naturally been a bit shaken, but it was far less than one might have expected.

That was because――,

“Subaru”: [Petra! We’re looping through a short timespan! It’s Al’s next trick!]

Shouting that out in lieu of Petra, was the sole entity who was sharing in the loop that Petra had been caught in, the only one who had experience with the flow of repeating time: the Imaginary Subaru.

The presence of “Subaru”, and the message left by Rom-jii that she had seen just before being trapped―― the marks etched into the ground as if tabulating something, had suppressed Petra’s discomposure.

Petra: [Rom-ojiisan was also put through what I’m experiencing now.]

One horizontal line overlapping four vertical ones; that was a method of keeping count known as “tally marks”, which, when using kanji , would typically be done by drawing the “正” character.

By leaving that engraved upon the ground, Rom-jii had conveyed the situation he had been placed in to Petra.

It was difficult to imagine that Rom-jii had ended up in that state after only the five times he had marked, so what he had intended to convey was not the actual number of times he had looped, but rather the fact that he was looping in itself―― having already fallen into the same predicament, the information might have seemed too late for Petra, but that was not so.

The message Rom-jii had left behind, was a clear warning to Petra.

In other words, that which Rom-jii had wished to say was this:

Petra: [If I keep on repeating this forever, I’ll end up like Rom-ojiisan.]

The collapsed Rom-jii had sustained no external injuries, and it was not as though he had ended up like this due to being tormented by wounds accumulated through the repetitions. ――No, in a sense, there was no doubt that it was a result of that which had been accumulated.

In other words, across the time that Rom-jii had repeated, his mind had been completely whittled away.

Without a doubt, that was precisely the same tactic that Petra and the Aldebusters had attempted to use against Al, so it could be said that he had turned it around on them as an act of revenge.

She did not think that Al had been aiming for such a revenge, but either way, if she had been caught in this situation without any preparation, Petra might have suffered the same fate as Rom-jii.

“Subaru”: [Nah, it’s not just Rom-jii. From the looks of it, the same thing happened to Ram and the others.]

Petra: […Right. Al-san is using his Authority on everyone who’s charging at him in the same way… but, the timing of when the loop starts, is when everyone is still conscious, isn’t it?]

“Subaru”: [Sure seems that way… It may be a repeating situation, but maybe it’s something like, it also reflects the real-time events outside the loop ? So after someone gets taken down, it exits and moves onto the next, or something? In that case…]

Petra: [――I’m already the only one left.]

The meaning concealed within “Subaru’s” words was far too hopeless, causing Petra’s cheeks to stiffen.

Supposing that by the time Petra’s turn in this loop arrived, the fates of her allies in the Aldebusters could no longer be altered,

Petra: [Even if this loop were to come to an end…]

“Subaru”: [Wait wait wait wait, don’t be so pessimistic. Even… even if, even if that turns out to be the case, you know? We’ve got the Authority of Tristitia. With that, we could Compress their cooldown time or something…]

Petra: […Compressing the time that they’re fainted, so they can suddenly get back up?]

“Subaru”: [Yeah! It’s never been done before, but wouldn’t it be amazing if we did it?]

As Subaru snapped his fingers and proposed his idea, Petra’s breath caught slightly.

In truth, she could imagine that such a feat would be rather difficult. It was possible to use her Authority to Compress time for discussion or the interval it took to acquire a new skill, but it required a comparable amount of energy.

In a nutshell, if Petra were to Compress a single day for herself, it would consume a day’s worth of energy. For three days, it would be three days’ worth, for seven days, seven days’ worth, and so on. If it required a month, or even somewhere in the denomination of years, to recover a heart worn thin, then there would be no way to supply the energy necessary for Compression.

Compression was by no means omnipotent. ――But, even if that was the case,

Petra: [――Yeah, I think it would be really amazing. We might be able to do it.]

“Subaru”: [Right? That’s why, you’ve first gotta drill it into your head. Once you escape the loop , the first thing you need to do is get everybody back up on their feet. If you don’t, you’ll be overwhelmed in one fell swoop.]

As “Subaru” constructively planned for the events that would transpire upon the loop’s nullification, she nodded in agreement with him.

Then, looking back, she believed that Rom-jii had probably thought the same thing. Likely, even if it wore out his heart, the wise old giant had prioritized inscribing a message into the ground unconsciously; by accreting that motion over and over and over again, he had managed to lock in that action for when the loop had come to an end.

In that case, she ought to accept “Subaru’s” plan of deciding on the actions to take immediately after the loop concluded.

Only――,

Petra: […How many times did Rom-ojiisan need to reset to ingrain that into his body?]

Even with his mind worn thin, fallen into a state where he could not preserve even his sense of self, Rom-jii had successfully managed to scratch the ground right after his loop had ended. To memorize that action, engraving it into his soul so that he would be able to perform it even if his heart was shattered, just how much had he accreted?

Petra: [――――]

“Subaru”: [Petra, let’s do some testing. In the past, Beako devised a looping hallway that went on forever. If the rules are the same as that, then there’s gotta be a condition to end the loop .]

Petra swallowed hard, and “Subaru” informed her of their next course of action. Smiling back a “Yeah!” with a nod, Petra once again faced forward.

Felt: [Let’s get him, you bastards!!]

Everyone: [――YEAHHH!!]

Even during the conversation Petra and “Subaru” were having just now, the sequence of her fellow Aldebusters challenging Al, before toppling down before him, had been repeating.

In all honesty, as she had gleaned from his Book of the Dead, the way Subaru would cherish each and every loop, carefully storing the details of all the events within himself, was something she respected and thought of as cool; but, it would be difficult to pull off the same thing in this loop that exceeded not even a single minute.

“Subaru”: [I gotta say, even I think it’s unreasonable to expect you to properly mourn each time they all get taken out in a situation like this. But, there’s something you gotta make sure you remember.]

Petra: [The number of times it repeats?]

“Subaru”: [Well, that too, but for each of those times, Petra, you need to remember the anger you felt, the regret you felt, and the sorrow you felt. Remember that, no matter what.]

Petra: [――Mm, that’s right.]

In this world of repetitions, amidst the loop that only continued to go on and on and on, she was the only one who could carry these feelings forward, so just as “Subaru” said, she had to ensure that she remembered.

After she exited the loop, even if Al had no idea of what Petra and the rest had endured, she would never forgive him. No matter what, she would hammer into him exactly how much they had suffered.

With that vow in her heart, Petra nodded at “Subaru”, and faced to the fore.

Aldebaran: [It’s the stars. ――Your stars, were bad.]

Then, facing off squarely against the approaching Al――,

Aldebaran: [―― Play ball .]

Petra: [―― Play ball .] “Subaru”: [―― Play ball .]

Indeed, they bravely declared their intent to embark on this tour of hell.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never let anyone tie up my hair.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And so, her resolve having been steeled, Petra continued to wander the depths of hell into which she had plunged herself.

Petra: […What should I do?]

Grasping her knees, slamming her forehead against those knees, again and again, she questioned herself.

What should she do? What was it that she ought to do? How could she put an end to this loop?

Petra: [What’s the condition?]

There was a condition for this loop to terminate. ――That person had said as much to Petra.

And Petra was of the same opinion. It was standard practice for these types of situations, the kind where the same events would play out repeatedly without end, to have some sort of end condition that would serve as the trigger. A formula. A foregone conclusion. A rule, and since it was a rule it had to be kept. It just had to. Surely it was being kept. Because it was kept, there would certainly be a way to put an end to it. Yes, that’s all. This argument is over. Since it’s over, it’s time to think about the condition. The trigger to end it, what could it be?

Petra: [I tried all sorts of things, you know?]

Employing Compression to the fullest, she had surely attempted an array of methods much more vast than any ordinary person would have.

She had worked with her allies to defeat this man in the steel helmet, and when it was clear that taking him down was not a viable option, she had attempted to let everyone flee by means of Compression. Of course, Petra had also tried getting herself as far away as possible, tried deliberately letting herself get caught by the outstretched hand of the steel-helmed man at the end, and she had even tried leaping straight into the arm of the man in the steel helm on her own accord. It had all been for naught.

Considering the possibility that one of her allies might have possessed some method of breaking the deadlock, she had even tried discussing with each and every person, deeply probing all of their individual circumstances, laying bare their secrets, hearing all about their family situations, upbringings, and hometowns, and finally sharing the sorts of things that people would typically not even disclose to close friends of over ten years. It had all been useless.

Wondering if the correct answer was perhaps to approach the steel-helmed man, she had tried speaking to him, tried giving him the cold shoulder, tried winning and losing against him in a one-on-one fight with none of her allies, tried winning and losing against him in a fight without using Compression, tried running away, tried mocking him, tried lauding him, and had tried singing. It had all been meaningless.

Petra: [So then, what the hell should I even do!?]

She had done it all. She had, hadn’t she? She had done just about every last thing she could possibly think of, hadn’t she? Even though she did, had it not all been for naught? Even though she did, had it not all been useless? Even though she did, had it not all been meaningless?

Felt: [Let’s get him, you bastards!!]

Everyone: [――YEAHHH!!]

Petra: [SHUT UUUUP!!]

Even though they were unable to do anything at all, those spirited shouts pissed her off. If they weren’t going to help, the least they could do was to not get in the way of her thinking. Ahh, I’m just venting my anger on them. I hate this, I hate this, I hate myself. I don’t want to have these kinds of thoughts. What the hell’s that about, trying to act all goody-goody? This is the real me, isn’t it? Everyone there, I don’t even like them or anything of the sort. I just like the version of myself who seems so unprejudiced and tender and compassionate and big-hearted to be saying that I love all those people so so so so much, isn’t that right?

Petra: [SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP…!]

Right and left and up and down and front and back and past and future and present and today and tomorrow and yesterday and the day after tomorrow and the day before yesterday and last year and this year and next year and past life and current life and next life absolutely all of it everything everywhere all at once and all of everything just shut up.

Aldebaran: [――How many times has it been now?]

Shut up. Just die already. Or maybe, I should just kill you?

Aldebaran: [It continues .]

Thought so.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

Back to the same place. Now wasn’t that a surprise? Sometimes he’ll even say something other than play ball .

During this loop, since all the others present here aren’t simply puppets, they’ll react if something is said to them, and they’ll respond accordingly if something is done to them. And that wasn’t just limited to them, it went for the man in the steel helmet too.

Maybe it was obvious, but it seemed the man helmed in steel could tell what she was going through.

Petra: [So what?]

Even if he knew, this world would end, and when the next one starts not even he as the instigator would follow her there.

Petra was always alone, constantly restarting in the same world without cease. Nobody could understand Petra’s struggle and suffering. She was all by herself, all by her lonesome. Completely alone. Was I completely alone?

Petra: [――Hk, Subaru! Subaru!? Where!? Where are you!?]

“Subaru”: [PETRA!]

The moment she remembered him, as if a flash of lightning, his figure suddenly appeared right before Petra’s eyes. Seeing that, Petra immediately knew that he was Subaru, and she breathed a sigh of relief.

Everything had seemed to be on the verge of blurring and fading away, slipping from her grasp, but even so, it was not as if she had forgotten everything, nor had she been abandoned.

Petra: [ Subahrhuu … hk!]

As tears immediately began to overflow and sully her disheveled face, she rushed over to him. She leapt towards him. He promptly held both of his arms out, and attempted to embrace Petra. ――He could not.

She passed right through him. Upon the desolate ground, she tumbled down without any attempt to catch her fall. It hurt. She fell flat on her face. Subaru―― no, “Subaru” did not catch Petra. Of course. It was always that way. After all, “Subaru’s” hands were always occupied with somebody else.

Petra: [In that case, don’t even bother reaching your hand out to me!!]

“Subaru”: [Petra…]

Petra: [Back then… back then, wouldn’t it have been better if you’d just left me there to die!? If in the village, if you had done nothing, if you had just left me to die to those Witchbeasts, wouldn’t it have been better…!?]

She knew. If Natsuki Subaru had not interfered, Petra would have died long ago.

Even though she had died, she was still alive. She had ended up living. Because she had ended up living, she was now going through such suffering, with such painful thoughts, and none of it would come to an end.

“Subaru”: [I’m sorry, Petra… I’m sorry! But please hang on! Don’t talk like that…]

Petra: [Hah, hahhh!? What’s that!? Even though I’m going through such a hard time, you’re scolding me!? Even though I’ve been hurting all this time, over and over and over again, crying like this… y-you’re s-s-scolding?? You’re scolding me? Hah, ahah, ahahah, JUST STOP IT ALREADY!!!!]

“Subaru”: [――――]

She exploded. She had done it. ――She had really gone and done it now.

There was “Subaru”, a look of sorrow and concern painted on his face, and Petra began wanting to vomit blood. Began wanting to gouge her own heart out. Began wanting to blow her own head off. Actually, why not?

Petra: [The most straightforward trigger , to end the loop …]

With those words, she formed a finger gun, and pressed her index finger against her temple. Concentrating Mana in that fingertip, a dim, white light began to illuminate.

Beholding this sight, “Subaru”, petrified, reached his hand out towards Petra. Even though he couldn’t touch her at all, see, it went right through.

“Subaru”: [Petra, wait! Don’t be so hasty! I get it, I really do, but please hold off on that sorta method! If the opponent’s aim is to make you do that, then…]

Petra: [Then, marry me already!!]

“Subaru”: [――Hk.]

Petra: [Make me your bride already! Become my Subaru already! Make me your number one! You saved me so marry me! Embrace me for the rest of my days! Claim my life for yourself already! If you do, then fine. But you won’t do that, now will you? In that case, my life is my own, isn’t it? If it’s my own life, then just let me use it as I please!]

Even she herself did not understand what she was trying to say.

Anyhow, everything was making her angry. Not a single thing was turning out how she wanted it to. She was angry at all the people who were not doing anything about the situation, and at the man in the steel helmet who had caused the situation. She hated it. Hated it, hate it. But I love Subaru. Hah. I don’t get it. He’s not doing anything for me, is he? But, he’s always been doing stuff for me, and even now he’s still trying his best to do something for me, isn’t he? He won’t marry me, though.

Petra: [What’s the deal with that, how stupid.]

“Subaru”: [Pet――]

Ah, I didn’t mean it that way, you know? I wasn’t saying that to Subaru, you know? I’m the one who’s stupid, after all.

Ah~hh, a head like this, I guess I don’t need it anymore. Bye bye.

With that thought, a white light shot out of the finger gun with a “bang”――,

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

――. ――――. ――――――――. ――――――――――――. ――――――――――――――――Right. Thought so.

Ahahahaha. Ahahahahahaha. Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never hope for fortune’s favor.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Witch of Tristitia, Petra Leyte, had confronted the battle with an unshakable resolve.

The Witch Factor she had received from Clind, and the possibilities of the Authority of Tristitia it invoked, were so extraordinary that it made her believe no power in this world could match this Authority’s efficacy in rigging the game in one’s favor.

So naturally, in order to wield such power, worthy compensation was required. ――As the saying went, with great power comes great responsibility. Maybe it was a bit different.

Either way, since she was deliberately taking on those enormous drawbacks, she had to make sure that the benefits would play their part to the fullest. If she could not manage that much, then Petra, having resolved to keep lying even to her loved ones, would never find peace.

Petra: [I’m glad Frederica-neesama isn’t here.]

If Frederica had joined the Aldebusters, Petra was not sure if she would have been able to keep up the lie. Rather than it being a matter of Frederica’s insight, Petra was simply weak to Frederica.

In Frederica’s presence, Petra’s heart lay bare; she owed her too much love and respect to be able to hide anything. Surely, she would have ended up pouring out everything she felt in her heart, crying, depending, and clinging onto Frederica.

If it were just a matter of keeping things hidden, the same thing could have been said about Ram and Otto when they were in top shape. Only, Ram was in a merry mood thanks to the restoration of Rem, and Otto without his Memories could not fully exhibit his natural insight, so neither of them had noticed Petra’s lie.

Petra: [I wonder exactly how much Clind-niisama knew about, and still chose to overlook?]

Age unknown and motives unclear, yet still believed to be an ally at the very least, it would not have been strange if Clind had entirely seen through all of Petra’s intentions, but on the other hand, perhaps it would not have been so strange for him to be completely blind to the subtleties of the human heart, given how close he was with Roswaal.

Either way, right at the beginning of all this, Clind knew that Petra had made an enormous sacrifice.

His position was thus one in which either outcome was conceivable: that she would offer up nothing else, having already paid such a huge price, or that she would easily offer up more, having already paid once.

In that case, it worked best for Petra to interpret it as a silent push of encouragement for her resolve.

Regardless of Clind’s true intentions, Petra had already rolled the dice .

Petra: [By now, how many have I done…?]

To never imbibe. To never pen a missive. To never clutch a stuffed toy. To never put needle to thread. To never sing. To never play with children. To never visit places of fond memories. To never hold beautiful flowers. To never partake of her favorite food. To never return to her hometown. To never shed a tear in the company of others. To never wipe the tears of another. To never speak of fond reminiscences. To never retell her favorite stories. To never call others by terms of endearment. To never invite another into her home. To never nurse the deathbed of another. To never hold the hand of another. To never desire reconciliation with another. To never display weakness to another. To never watch the morning sun in the company of another. To never be picky about anything. To never cry for another. To never wish upon the stars. To never rendezvous with another. To never walk in the sunset with another. To never tread upon the shadow of one who walks beside her. To never speak of her dreams to another. To never partake in celebrations. To never bestow a gift upon another. To never wave at anyone. To never pray before going to sleep. To never comfort the wounds of another. To never find joy in a clear sky. To never lament a rainy day. To never gaze upon a rainbow in the company of another. To never cherish silence. To never divulge this important secret. To never wish for kindness. To never see off another’s departure. To never accept charity. To never speak of her failures. To never let anyone tie up her hair. To never hope for fortune’s favor. ――There were a lot.

There would be no end to it if she began to count everything she had offered as compensation, and it could even be said that Petra had a very bleak life ahead of her.

Petra: [Even so, this is still quite a bit better than it could be.]

The trick to telling a good lie was to mix in a grain of the truth. ――That was a well-known maxim, and Petra’s lie had ended up taking on a similar nuance.

――The price for the Authority of Tristitia was being paid not just by its holder, Petra, but also by a great number of other people.

This was the condition Petra had proposed to gain everyone’s consent for her to take on the Witch Factor; however, this method could only compensate for Compressions focused on the Authority’s effective target.

If Emilia desired a Compression to move herself, it was possible for it to be invoked with compensation from Emilia, but if Petra thought Emilia was in danger and used Compression to move her, it would have been Petra who paid the compensation. ――This was something that only the holder could have been aware of.

Every little conference between the Aldebusters; when she tossed Al to the Agzadd Canyon together with Emilia and Rem; whenever she promptly withdrew her allies out of sticky situations; when she had Compressed everyone’s vehement pain into a single instant: Petra had been the one to pay the compensation for all of that.

She believed that the more precious a sacrifice was, the greater the capacity would be for the effects of the Authority of Tristitia.

Whenever it influenced the world, it also weakened Petra’s own ability to interfere with that world. If Petra were to ever simply offer up her entire life, the Witch Factor of Tristitia would likely bring about an even greater power.

Petra: [But, I won’t do that.]

Even if the Authority encroached on Petra Leyte, making her sell off her life bit by bit, diminishing her hopes for the future, and making her relinquish a great deal of happiness, Petra would never do anything like throwing her life away in despair or resorting to other such extreme options.

Petra: [That sort of thing, it’s uncool.]

She did not want to show him any part of herself that was uncool. She did not want to do anything that was uncool.

During her fight against the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, it was the same. ――So long as those feelings continued to sustain her, Petra would never compromise her sense of self.

After all, to the stars, Petra would, Petra Leyte would――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never hold up the back of another.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

Why must I go through this sort of thing?

Did I do something bad? I’ve been a good girl, haven’t I? I tried to be a good girl, you know?

So why, and how, did things end up like this? Someone just explain it already.

???: [Let’s get him, you bastards!!]

???: [――YEAHHH!!]

What should I do? I’ve tried just about everything, you know? I’ve done it all countless times, you know?

I’ve tried every last thing that I could manage to come up with. I fought and won, you know? I fought and lost, you know? I fought and let him die, you know? I fought and died, you know? I died without fighting, you know? I ran away, you know? I shed tears, you know?

Aldebaran: [It’s the stars. ――Your stars, were bad.]

I tried dying so many times. I tried finishing him off so many times. I tried running away so many times.

I apologized to him so many times. I raged at him so many times. I cried to him so many times.

It was all so, so scary. It was all so, so painful. It was all so, so agonizing.

Aldebaran: [―― Play ball .]

Thought so. It never ends, does it? He won’t let it end, will he? Even now, in this moment as he listens to my weeping, he refuses to show me any concern, and he’ll just end up forgetting after ten seconds anyway. Mm-mm, it’s not that he’ll forget. He’ll just cease to know. He’ll leave me behind. He’ll leave me, and only me, behind.

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

I’m sick and tired of it. I hate everyone. I hate them, I hate them, I absolutely loathe them.

Why won’t they try to help me? Even though I’m crying out as hard as I can like this, why won’t they?

It never ends. It won’t end. He won’t let it end. And he won’t let me end it. Even now, I’m still…

???: [Let’s get him, you bastards!!]

???: [――YEAHHH!!]

Even if I weep, even if I scream, even if I clamor, even if I curse, the same events will just endlessly repeat.

Amazing. I was mistaken. I was so conceited to think that I might be able to do something about this. My reliable… reliable? Even though they won’t do anything for me? Well, whatever. My reliable allies, just who were they again? That woman and the like, they’re all supposed to be amazing, so then why couldn’t they overcome this?

Aldebaran: [It’s the stars. ――Your stars, were bad.]

But here’s the thing, I know. I’ve known all along. After all, it can’t be helped. More and more and more and more, I’m becoming unable to think straight. I’m losing all interest in the things happening before my eyes. That’s not it. It’s not that I’m losing interest, I’m just trying to distance myself from it all. I even know the reason why.

Aldebaran: [―― Play ball .]

After all, I don’t want to hate everyone or anything like that. But, whenever I think about everyone else, I just end up hating them all for not doing anything for me. So, I’ll stop. I won’t think. To make sure that I don’t end up hating them, I’ll stop thinking. I just won’t think about anyone. I don’t care about those people at all. Ah, that’s wrong. Sorry sorry, that’s a big fat lie, I love them all. Yes, loooove them.

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

Well, it can’t be helped, can it? I’m still a child after all. I can’t just grow up and become an adult all of a sudden. If I just stay here forever like this, repeating the same moment again and again, will I eventually become a grown up? Well, sorry to say, but I won’t. After all, it’s just the same moment in time that’s repeating. No matter how hard I try, it’s always the same. If it’s always the same no matter how hard I try, wouldn’t it be fine to just stop trying?

???: [Let’s get him, you bastards!!]

???: [――YEAHHH!!]

Yes, that’s right, trying my best had been meaningless. It was always the same. Haah, trying my hardest was all for nothing. Let’s just stop thinking about such difficult things. Haah, trying my hardest was all for nothing. It was all completely meaningless. I’ve been doing things for no reason this whole time. Right. That’s right. Thought so.

Aldebaran: [It’s the stars. ――Your stars, were bad.]

I tried my hardest from the start, so it can’t be helped, can it? Even if I try my best, it’s not like I can become king. It’s not like I’ll be cherished. It’s not even like I could get married to that person. So, it can’t be helped anymore. It simply can’t be helped.

Aldebaran: [―― Play ball .]

It can’t be helped, so, let’s just end it already.

???: [――There’s nothing, that can’t be helped.]

Why?

???: [Giving up isn’t easy, is it…? But, it can be easy.]

Why? What for?

???: [When your heart folds, or even when you die, those are nothing but scratches.]

Why? What for? You ’r e rea l ly s till s a ying all that?

???: [That’s why…]

Why? What for? You’re really still saying all that? What then?

???: [That’s why――]

Why? What for? You’re really still saying all that? What then? Then――?

???: [――We… can still do this. It’ll be a piece of cake.]

――. ――――. ――――――――. ――――――――――――. ――――――――――――――――Really, he is such a bad liar.

Thought so.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never give up.

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never bend the knee.

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never regret my choices.

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never cry bitter tears.

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never forget that which I have loved.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Petra Leyte was a country girl born in Arlam Village, a village in the Kingdom of Lugunica.

The “original” Petra was not a girl who would have ever participated in a battle to decide the fate of the world.

As a mere village girl, she would have either lived a somewhat good life with her cuteness and shrewd nature, or been engulfed in one of the world’s great billows, ruthlessly scattering her life to the waves. That was all she had been.

But, straying off the “original” route, and getting to know her current self, Petra had a thought.

Petra: [Even if I could redo my life over and over, I’d still choose to stray from the “original”.]

Yes, that was right. Straying from the “original”, Petra would always end up arriving here.

And so, Petra wished to say this. To you, the one who saved me, and steered me off my “original” path.

And, to you, the one who’s trying your best to lead me by the hand with those lousy lies and anguished expression; I have this to say:

Petra: [――It’s thanks to the stars, that I can be here today.]

“Subaru”: [――――]

Aldebaran: [――――]

With those words, Petra wiped her lips with the back of her hand, leaving both Al and “Subaru” at a complete loss for words.

Setting Al aside, she knew the reason for “Subaru’s” speechlessness. He must have thought that his own lousy lie and attempts at encouragement had gotten Petra so depressed that she would have not even been able to speak.

Certainly, it had been a lousy lie. The trick to a good lie was to mix in at least a little bit of the truth, she had even just mentioned it; this lie, however, had failed to mix in any fragment of the truth whatsoever, truly a lousy lie of the highest degree.

Petra: [But, I don’t want to let the person I love become a liar, after all.]

And so, she got back on her feet through her own efforts. He could rely on neither comfort nor encouragement, so he had kept watching over her with such worry, trying to pat her head and support her back, though he knew he could not touch her; and seeing his admirable, desperate appearance, she finally thought to herself that there was no helping it. Falling in love was her weakness.

Petra: [The person I love, isn’t a liar.]

After all, she had stood up like this. Petra had stood, so Subaru was not a liar.

The repeating world had been an agony. Revitalizing a heart that had come so close to dying was no easy feat. In fact, it was the most difficult thing she had ever done in her entire life up to this point. But, she stood. She had gotten back up. Because right by her side, there was a person who always believed in the weak, pathetic, and clumsy Petra.

Petra: [There’s not a single thing bad about my stars.]

Amazing. The fact that I have to try my hardest no matter what, is tough. Even though I’m usually pretty clever, even though I can usually succeed at anything right away, living up to this person’s expectations, is really tough. But, even when she found herself in a hell so terrible that it would have crushed the hearts of anyone else and left them unable to stand, a hell that made her go through the same moment however many hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of times, this person continued believing in her for no good reason whatsoever, saying “Petra won’t lose!”, so she had no choice but to push forward.

If Natsuki Subaru believed that Petra Leyte was a girl so tough that her heart would not break even after looping tens of thousands of times, then, she would make it so.

Petra: [You see, isekai girls need to at least be able to make miracles happen on their own, or else they won’t be able to get by.]

After all, if she had never strayed off the “original” rails of fate, she would have never even met the person she now adored from the bottom of her heart.

Petra: [――Al-san, no matter how many times this repeats, I think it’s pointless.]

Having interrupted his signature phrase about blaming the stars or whatever, Petra declared thus toward the silent Al.

This was no bluff or brave front, but rather Petra’s true beliefs―― even if this interval repeated far beyond the realm of tens of thousands of times, and entered the realm of billions or even trillions, it would not be able to wear Petra down.

After all, a girl’s love was infinite―― it was no fairy-tale solution like that either.

Petra: [This is a loop that repeats until your enemy’s heart is fully expended, right, Al-san?]

Even when she triumphed against Al, even when she killed him, even when she sent him far, far away, it did not end.

Even when she was defeated by Al, even when she was caught by him, even when she ran far, far away, it did not end.

Even when she killed herself, even when she was killed, even when she tried to abandon everything in despair, it did not end.

Simply put, even though it had repeated over ten thousand times, it did not end.

Petra: [But you know, the point that it’s cut off ought to be decided by you, right, Al-san?]

The way to put an end to an endless loop; she could not imagine it being anything other than Al undoing the Territory.

The loop was likely nothing so convenient that it would end on its own once the target’s heart was shattered. The timing to end it would always need to be consciously executed by the Al inside the loop.

Ultimately, if she got Al to throw in the towel, then this loop could have been ended on the very first go around without even needing to reach ten thousand tries. ――All that was needed was to make the cautious and cowardly Al of the initial loop decide to do so.

Petra: [So, I’d like for you to cut it off here. Other than me, everyone else has already collapsed, so your fruits of battle should be sufficient, Al-san. Even if you continue this, it’ll just be meaningless.]

Let it be said once more: this was no bluff or brave front from Petra.

Even if this loop repeated for the rest of eternity, Petra’s heart would not break.

After all, Petra had made her choice.

Petra: [You see, I’m no longer able to give up, I can’t have regrets either, nor can I cry tears of frustration, and I’ll never be able to forget all the people whom I love so much. ――That’s the sort of Witch I’ve become.]

――After all, Petra Leyte had chosen to become the Witch of Tristitia.

Witch of Tristitia: [Hey, Al-san. ――How many more times are we going to have this conversation?]

Indeed, at the Witch of Tristitia’s question, a faint hum rumbled in Al’s throat.

It was apparent that his eyes, hidden under the veil of steel helm, had begun to smolder with emotions of dusky black upon discovering something inscrutable deep within the Witch of Tristitia’s own round eyes. By some chance, perhaps that might have been related to an unfading scar rooted in the very depths of Al’s heart.

Perhaps, in some time long past, he had peered deep into the eyes of a Witch, only to be wounded in the process.

On that trauma, she would――,

Witch of Tristitia: [―― Compress Agony .]

Compressing the trauma Al carried, she forced it into him.

Boiling his brain, reversing the flow of his blood, then peeling the scabs off all his unhealed wounds of joy, lamentation, happiness, and sorrow, she rubbed it in: not salt, but trauma.

A stimulus of trauma so potent that he would go on to shed tears several dozens, hundreds, and thousands of times whenever he recalled it in his life here to come, in that instant, she made him taste it with a concentration of a thousandfold.

Aldebaran: [――Ah.]

That moment, with the dread he harbored towards the Witch of Tristitia, and the Compression of his stimulated trauma, Al reacted not with his body, but with his soul, reaching out for the relief most familiar and accessible to him.

That was to say――,

Witch of Tristitia: [―― Game set !]

――The way to put an end to an endless loop, was to force the start of the next loop.

Arriving at that conviction, the Witch of Tristitia entwined her hand with the intangible hand of her beloved, smiling as their fingers overlapped.

Witch of Tristitia: [How uncool. ――If it was Subaru, he would have put up a brave front and said that a fractured heart’s nothing but a scratch.]

“Subaru”: [You, are just way too cool, Petra.]

With a sense of powerlessness, yet brimming with pride, her beloved spoke those words to her.

As those words filled the Witch of Tristitia’s heart, she continued to face forward.

――Now then, this was it, the final showdown.

Her wounded heart, the weakness that had made her wish to end it all, and the tears she had shed in regret; because she had offered all of those as compensation―― the Witch of Tristitia would not relent until victory was secured in the form she desired.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Undoing the Territory, and tying it up anew, he reconstructed his Matrix.

That was an admission of certain defeat for the imposition of the Territory that ought to have guaranteed a certain victory.

But, it could not be helped. There was a precedent. The Territory could not kill a Witch put in the position of Aggressor.

Of course, the term “kill” was not being used literally here, as the target was purely restricted to the heart, but――,

Aldebaran: [――――]

Having boldly proclaimed that she could endure the Territory, was Petra―― no, he could no longer merely call her Petra. Without any exaggeration, she had undergone a complete transformation.

Aldebaran: [――The Witch of Tristitia.]

In the past, the one who had broken through Aldebaran’s Aggressor of the Territory, was the Witch of Greed.

Thinking back, regardless of whether it was the Victim or the Aggressor who took initiative over the Territory, a bad omen always lingered over Aldebaran’s Authority as a trace of his defeat in his first battle.

Regardless, even now that the Territory had been brushed off, Aldebaran still held the advantage in this battle.

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Aside from the Witch of Tristitia, the Aldebusters who heralded the subjugation of Aldebaran had been wiped out; unfortunately for them, the abrasions to the heart that came with using the Territory were absolute. It was not as though Aldebaran had decided to impose the Territory on them with a resolve so tepid as to allow them to escape it by acting or playing dead.

That was precisely why he would have been severing one or two of the target’s limbs as verification before he decided to transfer the Territory onto the next target. Since that continuity did not exist within himself, he had no way of knowing exactly how he had ascertained that, but if his current self could think of it, then the him inside the loop would have also drawn the same idea.

Hence, he could say it with certainty. ――Aside from the Witch of Tristitia, nobody would be able to stand.

Aldebaran: [But, that’s something she’d also be aware of.]

If she had stood up, then her other allies would also get back up; Aldebaran could not afford to underestimate the Witch of Tristitia standing before him as one who would commence action on such a naive assumption.

In that case, there had to be something. The Witch of Tristitia had a plan to still turn the tables on him.

――The girl, boasting of how the stars had allowed her to be here today even when transformed into a Witch, had a trump card.

Aldebaran: [――――]

With the Territory undone, Aldebaran and the Witch of Tristitia were in a momentary state of release, and while there was a distance of five meters between them, it was tantamount to nothing given the opponent’s Authority―― or rather, with an Authority like Compression, there was no peace of mind to be found at any distance whatsoever.

But, it was an Authority.

She was undoubtedly bound to make a move, playing the card in her hand known as the Authority of Tristitia.

Naturally, the most likely possibility, given the effect of her Authority, was to summon others forth using Compression.

The probable candidates were――,

Aldebaran: [――Lil’ miss Rem, and lil’ miss Meili? Or maybe, her Margrave master?]

When he considered the potential personnel whom the Witch of Tristitia could assemble, and were not present here, the first ones to come to mind were those three. Rem ought to have been clashing against the highly admirable Yae, but since he had not glimpsed any discomposure in Ram, there was no taste of defeat that had been transmitted via their Synesthesia. It was difficult to imagine that Yae had been defeated, but he had now reached a stage where he had no choice but to consider it.

Meili was accompanied by numerous Witchbeasts, and Roswaal possessed monster-tier firepower that he had even let loose back in the Empire, so Aldebaran believed they were both highly possible.

But, none of them would provide anything more than being strong and formidable.

The fact that Aldebaran could not be driven into a corner with mere numbers or strength had been made very apparent up to this point. If that had been her aim, it could only be described as short-sighted――,

Aldebaran: [No――]

It was not any one of them, Aldebaran could intuit as much from the Witch of Tristitia’s eyes.

From the outset, this opponent had been Compressing her thought processes, giving her the ability to deduce conclusions while completely dismissing the concept of time. Any idea that Aldebaran devised and discarded, would have long been abandoned by the Witch of Tristitia during her preliminary review. ――In other words, it was something different.

He would need to alter his way of thinking at its very core in order to catch up.

If the Witch of Tristitia were to call someone here, it would be an entity capable of breaking this deadlock――,

Aldebaran: [――Don’t tell me!]

Gritting his teeth, his eyes widened. And in that moment, as if having waited to ascertain that spark in Aldebaran’s synapses, the Witch of Tristitia raised her hand overhead, and brought it down. ――Instantly, Compression took place.

Thereupon, the one who appeared between Aldebaran and the Witch of Tristitia, it was.

???: [――Wow. This is way more carnage than we thought~.]

――Clasped in handcuffs, his mobility constrained, it was Roy Alphard of Gluttony.

△▼△▼△▼△

The moment he saw Roy dropped there, Aldebaran was convinced of his opponent’s intentions.

He had estimated the probability of Roy not being dead to be around eighty percent.

To begin with, if they were attempting to save the victims of Gluttony, Roy’s survival was indispensable. With Rem’s Name having actually been regurgitated, the Aldebusters ought to have been all the more convinced of that fact.

Regardless of how they would get him to cooperate, they would have realized that no negotiations could take place if they took his life. ――The remaining twenty percent chance of him dying stemmed from two possibilities: the prospect of a situation in which they could not devise a solution in which they could let him live; and the worry of Roy tending to instigate far too excessively, angering his opponents to the point where being killed would have been unavoidable.

Either way, Roy’s survival was fortuitous―― but, his opponent’s aim was a problem.

Rather than counterintuitively acting to serve the interests of her enemy, the Witch of Tristitia would have naturally had a reason to go out of her way to summon Roy here. She would have had an objective. She would have had a secret agreement or something akin for Roy to work to her advantage.

And so, having made an inconceivable comeback after having read the Book of the Dead, she would have pieced together from Natsuki Subaru’s knowledge the reason as to why the Witch of Envy had taken action. If she could figure that out, then there was a chain of possible actions she would have unlocked.

That was――,

Aldebaran: [――Getting Reinhard!]

Supposing the Witch of Tristitia had colluded with Roy to have him use his Authority, if it was the Witch of Tristitia who had shattered her own heart to the point where even the Territory had no effect on her, it would not have been strange for her to opt for the ultimate self-sacrifice in order to recover Natsuki Subaru.

That was an idea Aldebaran himself had also come to, the world’s salvation via the Authority of Gluttony―― to take an individual who had read Natsuki Subaru’s Book of the Dead, and strip them of those Memories.

Then, the Witch of Envy would withdraw, and the deterring force of the world, who had been stuck keeping her at bay, would come.

The Sword Saint, whom he had successfully surmounted through numerous attempts and traps, would come.

――If the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, were to arrive here, that would be the end.

His plan would come crumbling down. Hence, Aldebaran poured the entirety of his soul into preventing that outcome.

To Roy Alphard of Gluttony, summoned to the scene via the Authority of Tristitia, he would――,

Aldebaran: [――You’re forbidden from devouring Memories! You’ll be scorched by the curse mark!]

Once again, he tightened the conditions that had previously been slackened.

Being the one who had applied the curse mark, the repeated modifications to the conditions also caused serious damage to Aldebaran’s soul, and he could feel his Od fissuring deep within his body. That was not a feeling of pain, but rather, a profound sense of loss; the sensation of one’s very core being undermined, something that Natsuki Subaru was also said to have experienced.

But with this, he averted the crisis of Roy eating the Witch of Tristitia’s Memories.

So long as the Witch of Envy did not withdraw, the Sword Saint would be hindered from――,

Witch of Tristitia: [――Al-san.]

Reaching this place ; in that moment, as he subconsciously clenched his fist, before he could even finish that thought, it had occurred.

The Witch of Tristitia had called to Aldebaran. Her plans derailed, he thought she surely ought to have been making a bitter face, and certainly, a painful expression adorned her countenance.

But, that was not a visage lamenting her own future. ――It was one that looked at him in pity.

Aldebaran: [What are――]

As a shudder ran down his body, Aldebaran contemplated the meaning of the Witch of Tristitia’s expression.

But, that had been a mistake. Thinking had been a mistake. Rather than thinking, he ought to have killed himself immediately. If he died now, then no matter what it was, he would have still managed to make it through somehow.

But once again, when it mattered most for Aldebaran, die he could not.

Just like when he had failed to keep the sun of this world from setting, once again, he could not.

Witch of Tristitia: [―― Play ball .]

It transpired in that moment, as the Witch of Tristitia spoke the line that Aldebaran had intended to say, but had failed to get the chance.

――The natural enemy of Aldebaran, was now standing right behind him.

△▼△▼△▼△

Petra: [――I think I might know Al-san’s weak point.]

Before the Aldebusters had officially formed, during the strategy meeting held to approach the defeat of the Al Troupe, that was a realization that Petra, who would go on to become the Witch of Tristitia, had come to.

When she learned from Rom-jii’s testimony that Al’s Authority was a looping ability similar to Natsuki Subaru’s own Return by Death, Petra had reasoned that if its activation condition was also the same as Subaru’s, then there ought to be a way to thwart it.

But then again, it was not as though she could tell for certain at that point.

As for whether or not the method would be viable, there was a need to verify it with the person in question, but aside from a one-sided acquaintance through the Book of the Dead, Petra had essentially zero points of contact with her―― no, with him.

But, thinking that it might be possible, she had gotten in contact with him before the Aldebusters commenced their operation, and had promised that she would only call him to the pitching mound as the ultimate trump card when they had truly pushed Al to the absolute limit.

Thus――,

Witch of Tristitia: [―― Play ball .]

While getting revenge with the declaration that had been spoken to her over and over again, the Witch of Tristitia looked at Al, lying beyond Roy Alphard, whom she had situated between them as a decoy.

Alas, Al had acted exactly as the Witch of Tristitia had intended, in exact accordance with her wishes.

She imagined that if he saw Roy, he would presume that she was aiming to have him employ his Authority. ――This was Roy, who had cut a secret deal with Felt, harboring a rebellious spirit against Al. If he had come by the opportunity to learn of that fact amidst his “Turning Back Time”, then she predicted that he would foster doubt towards Roy’s intentions.

Sure enough, Al had acted just as she hoped, choosing to seal off Roy’s betrayal.

The fact that, at the same time as Roy, the Witch of Tristitia’s trump card had appeared right behind him, would have likely completely transcended the realm of his consideration. He had likely failed to even imagine that this person might have been here.

The sixty-one Aldebusters who had fought in this battle represented the total strength that the Emilia Camp and Felt Camp had managed to assemble; there was no falsehood in those words. ――Indeed, that was the total number of participants from the Emilia Camp and Felt Camp.

Hence――,

???: [You’re completely worn out, aren’t you nyow? ――Let’s heal it for you, kay?]

Even if one scoured the entire world, they would never find any greater healer―― that instant, the highest tier of healing magic belonging to the Blue, Ferris, wrested Death out from Al’s grasp.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Blue, Felix Argyle. Better known as Ferris.

The one and only Knight of Royal Candidate Crusch Karsten, and the greatest practitioner of healing magic in the Kingdom―― nay, the greatest in the world. Thus, he was the last of Aldebaran’s three natural enemies.

He was the final barrier whom Aldebaran could not afford to encounter, having already set aside Natsuki Subaru and the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, for the sake of his plan.

And so, upon Aldebaran, he applied magic that was tender and merciful, yet undoubtedly cruel.

Aldebaran: [Ah, GAHHHHHHH――!!]

The moment all of the hairs on his body stood on edge, Aldebaran resolutely spun around, and, shoving the person who stood behind him―― Ferris, to the ground, he undid the package of poison within his mouth.

Instantly dissolving on the membranes of his tongue, it elicited a tremendous threat to Aldebaran’s facilities of life, and would deliver him unto death in a mere few seconds―― no longer. The tissue that ought to have been crumbling apart was thoroughly restored, and even the nosebleed that had begun to gush forth beneath his helmet had ceased within a single second.

Aldebaran: [FUCK――]

On account of this, he created an impromptu stone dao and, placing it against his own neck, he slashed with all his strength.

Having severed a thick artery, blood gushed out with terrific force, and with that, Aldebaran’s life was―― under no threat whatsoever. The wound healed instantly, and he felt no more pain than about the prick of a needle.

Aldebaran: [FUCK, FUCK, FUUUCK…!]

He had been played. As far as he knew, this was the most terrifying, most effective way to seal Aldebaran.

The method to seal Return by Death was nothing special. ――It was simply to prevent them from dying. That was all it took.

The very means by which to “kill” Aldebaran and Natsuki Subaru, lay in the gentlest hands this world had ever seen.

Witch of Tristitia: [This is the end, Al-san.]

Indeed, the Witch of Tristitia calmly apprised Aldebaran as he lost his composure in such an unseemly manner.

He could not die. He could not redo. Seeing Ferris on the ground beside him, he considered dispelling the healing magic, but――,

Ferris: [It’s nyot happening. Or do you really wanna try having a pointless contest of endurance with Ferri-chan?]

Ferris, whose expression did not budge even with sword thrust before him, was likewise an individual who had steeled his resolve to take on this challenge.

If Ferris was applying the same healing magic upon himself that he was currently using on Aldebaran, then no matter how he struggled, he had no chance of dispelling Ferris’s magic here.

In other words, right here and now, Aldebaran needed to decide on what to――,

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Once again, he heard the Witch’s voice. ――Just then, it happened.

A ruinous shockwave was birthed from afar, and with terrific vigor, it swallowed Aldebaran, the Witch of Tristitia, and all others present at this final stage in one momentous swoop.

△▼△▼△▼△

――That assist was by no means something the Divine Dragon had intended to bring about.

With the battlefield having shifted, a clash against the rightful owner of the dragonhusk unfolded, and upon the perforation of its dragonhalo by the hyper magic of miracles manifested by the two magicians, the Divine Dragon had made a momentous choice.

Rather than pursuing its own immediate victory in that moment, it had opted instead to prioritize the purpose, the wish, and the long-cherished desire it had set out to fulfill together with its original self.

Divine Dragon: [――――HAAHRAAN!!]

The final breath unleashed by the Dragon aimed for neither the dragonkin nor the magicians, dashing straight towards a land far in the distance―― true to its aim, it landed a direct hit upon the ultimate destination that ought to be reached, the colossal hole that penetrated the land, said to be the deepest and darkest in all the world, tunneling down to its very bottom; the Grand Mogolade Geyser.

The cataclysmic devastation it had wrought, alongside the astonishment it had caused throughout the world, went beyond all description. Even upon this battlefield, it came surging forth as a great wave of earth.

Towards the battlefield of Aldebaran and the Witch of Tristitia, in the precise moment of their conclusion, the tremendous undulation surged forth.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Completely oblivious to those circumstances, Aldebaran was engulfed in a fierce torrent of water and plumes of dust billowing forth, widening his eyes at this arrival of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity―― in the truest sense of the phrase, it was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

There was no doubting that this was an opportunity beyond anything Aldebaran could have hoped for, his ultimate chance.

This was no scheme devised by the Witch of Tristitia, but rather a rare stroke of luck that had worked in his favor, something that ought to have seldom occurred in Aldebaran’s life―― a resource he ought to have fully expended when he had met Priscilla.

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

His shock lasted for but a moment, yet as Aldebaran was buffeted by the wind and rain, he strained his eyes across the battlefield shrouded in fog, searching for that which he needed.

His target was neither the Witch of Tristitia, nor Ferris, nor the fallen Aldebusters.

Here on this battlefield, there existed the sole, final measure that Aldebaran could still take.

With Death obstructed, and all his allies lost, it was the final method by which Aldebaran could still fulfill the long-cherished desire he had strived towards alongside the Witch, someone who no longer existed anywhere but within himself.

That was――,

Aldebaran: [――Roy!! If you’re there, then come out! Come and… come and eat my Name!!]

Updating the conditions of the curse mark with reckless abandon, he once again tasted in the sensation of his Od fissuring under the enormous burden, and with the resolve to make his very soul spew forth blood, Aldebaran screamed.

To return this situation to zero, that was the one and only stratagem Aldebaran could still take with his Authority having been sealed.

By having his Name eaten, and vanishing from everyone’s memories, he would turn it all back around.

For that purpose, Aldebaran searched for the revolting form of Gluttony amidst the dense veil of dust, and screamed.

Aldebaran: [Eat me! My… my Name is――]

Christened Aldebaran, the one condemned to carry the fate of the Following Star.

By ridding the world of Natsuki Subaru, he would grant the Witch her wish long-prayed. Despite bearing such a destiny, he scorched with yearning for the sun, and as a result, he had lost everything, left as naught but a worthless wretch.

That person, his Name was――,

Aldebaran: [Rigel. ――Natsuki Rigel!!]

The foolish star who had betrayed the Witch’s expectations, and had plunged the sun into a neverending night; that was his Name.

--- Chapter 57: Final Act of Servitude ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The reason why Ferris assisted the Aldebusters was, of course, none other than for the sake of his master, Crusch Karsten.

Originally, Ferris and Wilhelm had visited the Royal Capital with the intention of negotiating directly at the Royal Castle, hoping to join the survey team en route to the Pleiades Watchtower that had been cleared for entry.

It was during this time that the Aldebaran Troupe attacked the Royal Capital―― a raid that unleashed a battle between the Sword Demon and the Divine Dragon, and saw the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony break loose from his prison.

???: [——There is a matter I wish to share with you, and something I would like to ask for your assistance with.]

It was Otto, the Internal Affairs Minister of the Emilia Camp, who gave Ferris and Wilhelm the rundown, requesting their cooperation. When the details of Al’s―― of Aldebaran’s atrocities, as well as the fact of Reinhard’s participation in the conflict, had reached Ferris’s ears, he was not as willing as Wilhelm was to offer their complete cooperation.

Of course, as a member of the Royal Guard, he felt indignance towards any who dared to disturb the Kingdom’s peace. However, he was powerless in combat, and even his healing arts, which ought to have been his lone strong suit, were insufficient to save his master, the one whom he held dear above all else, so what more could he do?

In fact, in the battle that immediately followed, Wilhelm was defeated by the Divine Dragon, suffering serious injuries that left him unconscious, which only served to further reinforce Ferris’s sentiments.

However, a situation arose that forbade Ferris from keeping his gaze downcast any longer.

???: [It has been some time, Felix-sama.]

Face-to-face with the maid―― Rem, as she bowed out of courtesy towards him, Ferris recalled the events of the conversations they had shared, the battles they fought together, and realized that she was one from whom the Authority of Gluttony had been rescinded.

In other words, she was a living testament to the prospect of breaking one of Crusch’s two curses, those being of her Memories and of the Dragon’s Blood.

Ferris: […In that case, I’ve got nyo other choice, do I?]

There was also the fact that Wilhelm, who had been a continued source of encouragement for Ferris at times when he felt worthless at Crusch’s side during her torment, had been taken down.

Accepting that request, he lent his strength to the Aldebusters in an attempt to stop the Aldebaran Troupe, who were determined to accomplish an unknown goal, even if it meant making an enemy of the world. To that end, he resolved himself to do whatever it might take.

But then again――,

Ferris: [――Of all things, I never thought I’d be used as the trump card like this.]

As he was hit by the tremendous eruption of smoke, violent wind, and pouring rain, Ferris covered his mouth with his hand to block the dust as he reflected on the unexpected role that had been levied upon him.

With Petra’s power of Compression, it was possible to move objects swiftly or complete discussions in the blink of an eye―― using this, the Aldebusters repeatedly employed the unfair tactic of transporting their wounded to Ferris to be healed before being sent back to the battlefield, progressively sinking their teeth into their formidable opponents.

That alone was already quite the major duty, but to be entrusted with delivering the decisive blow to Aldebaran, someone who possessed an outrageous ability, was something he could have never imagined.

――Upon Aldebaran, he cast perpetually active healing magic. That was the duty entrusted to Ferris, the trump card to be used against Aldebaran, a role that permitted no failure.

Ultimately, even now, Ferris did not fully grasp the meaning behind his role.

Taking into account the words of Petra and Rom-jii, whenever Aldebaran “sustained a mortal wound”, time would turn back to before he received that injury―― such was his interpretation. By exploiting this, Aldebaran had been able to continue tiding over many a tight spot, allowing him to sidestep even Reinhard.

Frankly, Ferris found himself perplexed over what everyone was seriously considering as a possibility. Supposing that were really true, it would be far too invincible. Nobody could defeat that sort of thing, could they?

All the more so if they were saying that Ferris’s healing magic was the only way to overcome that invincible power.

He thought it would be far, far too big a gamble.

That just maybe, it might have been a foolish act to fully restore the enemy that everyone had worked so hard to corner.

Still, what if, by some chance, Ferris actually could deal the decisive blow to this battle?

???: [Don’t lament, Ferris. Your heart is precious. Be proud of your talents… You have the kindest power in all the world.]

Ferris: [――Your Highness…]

In the past, there was someone who spoke of Ferris’s power that way, taking pride in it.

Both back then, and even now, Ferris’s power still fell short of the title of Blue. Even so, he wished to believe that there had been meaning in the fact that he had continued to polish it, not viewing it a curse.

To that end――,

???: [――Roy!! If you’re there, then come out! Come and… come and eat my Name!!]

Unseen within the cloud of dust, mixed with the roaring wind and the screams of the land, a voice could be heard.

It seemed that Ferris’s healing magic had certainly proved effective as a trump card. This was evidenced by Aldebaran’s violent discomposure, and his desperate cries through the wind.

But, the opponent had not given up just yet. ――As Ferris also stretched out his slender knees to stand up, he began to ponder.

Ferris: [What else can I still do for the people I hold dear?]

So he spoke.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [Rigel. ――Natsuki Rigel!!]

Raising his voice amidst the dense enshroudment of dust, Aldebaran assiduously strained his vision.

The pouring rain, gusting winds, and rumbling earth roared, rendering him unable to discern the sounds in his surroundings. Even while bearing those unreliable senses of sight and sound, he still raised his voice as if to tear his throat apart.

The abominable power of healing that had been cast made it so that instead of spewing forth blood, his shrieking throat was instantly being repaired. While being bestowed such an ironic boon, he continued to scream with all his might.

Aldebaran: [ROY! ROOOY!! FIND ME! IT’S RIGEL! NATSUKI! RIGEL!!]

Each time he said it aloud, he felt a heartache as if sandpaper filing away at his soul unseen, yet amidst it all, Aldebaran continued to cry out that name; time after time, he cried it out.

Natsuki Rigel. ――Before he wore the mantle of the Following Star, that was the true name Aldebaran bore.

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Nothing about it felt real to him. Only, it caused a sense of irksomeness to cling to a corner of his mind.

For Aldebaran, rather than that name which his parents had never even called him by directly, it was the name that the Witch had called him by countless times, “Aldebaran”, that was far more familiar to his ears. Even that name had been transformed into a wound when the Witch had been reduced to the Witch of Greed.

As for who he “originally” was, he no longer knew. ――But, self-recognition had no bearing upon it. The only thing that mattered was how Od Lagna had recorded this pathetic life.

That was why――,

Aldebaran: [――I’m… Natsuki Rigel.]

That which he deemed only an abhorrence to give as his name, Aldebaran recognized it as himself.

Even if one rejected, shunned, or hated them, nobody could choose their parents in life.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Continuing to scream even now, Aldebaran frantically searched for Roy amidst the fog.

Swept up in the devastating windstorm from a moment ago, all present on the battlefield had been scattered. Aldebaran had also been thoroughly tossed around, and the Witch of Tristitia, Ferris, and Roy were of no exception either.

At present, there ought to have been nobody else capable of mobilizing here. But, his opponent had preserved their trump card, Ferris, until the very last minute. It would not have been strange at all if they still had some cards left concealed. ――Now that Aldebaran’s Territory had been sealed, such a thing could serve as the deciding factor.

Aldebaran: [FUCK…!]

He thought that he might have been able to at least force the Territory’s imposition upon Ferris, but it was no use. Upon being sidestepped by the Witch of Tristitia, the sensation of freedom he had grasped over the bug had once again receded into the distance. Even if that was not the case, there was a strong randomness to the target selection. He could not bear to witness the Witch of Tristitia be chosen again. On top of that, Ferris’s healing magic―― that which persistently sustained Aldebaran’s recovery, was sourcing the Mana necessary for its operation from Aldebaran himself.

And now, because of his connection with “Aldebaran”, that was practically inexhaustible.

Aldebaran: [If I can’t rely on the Territory…!]

Intending to exhaust the entirety of the very Mana that was impeding him, he would clear away the obstacles with great magic. Formulating such an idea, Aldebaran visualized many techniques within his mind.

They were all things he had learned from the Witch, knowledge that had been shelved on account of lacking the requisite resources for activation, but now with his connection to “Aldebaran”, he possessed the ability to employ them.

As was the case against Reinhard, he would wield them to the utmost, and break this deadlock without use of the Territory――,

Aldebaran: [ Blergh … hk.]

――The moment he thought that, a nauseating sensation of vomiting filled Aldebaran’s mouth.

At the vehement dizziness and tinnitus in his ears, Aldebaran nearly fell to his knees with an “Ah?”. Under the impression someone had attacked him, he scanned his surroundings in a panic, yet no one could be found. ――Then, he made the realization.

Right now, the true culprit behind Aldebaran’s disorientation, was an unfathomable sense of pressure.

The pressure of being unable to make the wrong choices, was crushing Aldebaran’s heart.

Aldebaran: […You’ve gotta, be kidding me.]

Staring down at his trembling right hand, Aldebaran was struck speechless.

In this high-risk situation, at this critical juncture where everything he had worked towards could be rendered meaningless, in peak physical condition thanks to that horrendous healing magic, in a scenario that demanded optimal and expedited decision making, to think he would lose his ability to think straight due a lack of nerve; what a terrible joke.

But, in truth, it was not a joke or anything of the sort. Even if it seemed as though a nightmare, it was reality.

――After all, Aldebaran had never definitively decided upon anything without the use of his Authority.

Prior to the commencement of this battle, in the Vollachian Empire, in the Royal Selection, on the Gladiator Island, and even before all that during his days with the Witch, every choice of Aldebaran’s had always been the optimal decision, safeguarded by his Authority.

No matter how he might have failed, he would always redo, choose a different option, and nullify his mistakes. Living his life through those accretions was Aldebaran’s very nature. And right now, that would not apply.

Aldebaran: [――――]

He did not know what extent of wind he needed to generate in order to wipe away the dust without resulting in anyone’s death. The heat to evaporate the rainfall, the impact to offset the rumbling earth, whether it would be best to step into these plumes of dust leading with his right leg or left; everything was an unknown variable.

The fact that he could not verify anything, was terrifying.

To walk down a path without the guarantee of the right answer, was an act tantamount to fumbling around in pure darkness.

Such a path, with no certainty of reward, was one Aldebaran could not tread. ――After all, with his Authority rendered ineffective, Aldebaran was nothing more than a helpless, wooden doll.

Neither the two Witches, nor the beloved woman, had that wooden doll been able to save.

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Once he began to think, nothing but undesirable notions flashed through his head.

Was feeding his Name to Roy truly the most optimal stratagem? Were there no other measures he could take? Should he use the curse mark as a shield and let Roy wreak havoc to capitalize on the chaos? What about discovering an unprecedented manner of death to slip through a gap in the perfect healing magic? Would it not be better to flee through the clouds of dust? Et cetera, et cetera , with his emotions racing ahead――.

???: [――Look at that, it is…]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Those impatient emotions of his came to a halt at a sensation akin to being dashed in cold water.

Hesitation and fear, all of Aldebaran’s negative emotions that boiled over upon the sealing of his Authority: as if being dragged out by those, the greatest regret he had kept submerged down at the very depths of his being became tinged with heat.

A heat so intense that it would sear with a mere touch, enough to warm one’s skin just by drawing near to it; yet contrary to that, feeling a chill that seemed to penetrate down to every last drop of blood in his body, Aldebaran sighed.

???: [It is mine ―― ]

Aldebaran: […Stop.]

???: [Mine――]

Aldebaran: [STOOOOOOOOOP――!!]

Plugging his ears, averting his eyes, and nearly forced to confront something he had buried at the very bottom of his heart to avoid facing, Aldebaran screamed.

Rejecting the voice that sounded within him, rejecting the smile that flashed across his vision, rejecting the warmth that tried to enter his being, he bared his teeth. ――That instant, he forced his eyes open, and caught a glimpse of a faint silhouette beyond the fog.

In an instant, the figure was lost amidst the veil of dust, but not a shred of doubt existed within him. It was Roy. It was Gluttony.

To pull Aldebaran away from these surging regrets―― no, from this worst-possible situation that he was currently wrapped up in, there existed a sole ray of hope, and he had glimpsed it. That instant, he broke into a dash.

Aldebaran: [――Roy! I’m right here! Eat me! Come eat my Name!!]

The hesitation of which leg to step forth with, the cowardice of seeking a way to die, the weakness of trying to escape to enact a different stratagem, the carelessness of questioning his own choice; all of it was shattered in an instant with the impact of his foot kicking off the ground.

That moment, Aldebaran gained the composure to seize the choice fluttering before his eyes, deciding to flee from the most terrifying outcome.

――Up until this point, Aldebaran had always relied upon the power of his Authority to avoid ever locking in the “choice” he made on the first go. Ergo, he did not know.

That, when making a “choice” regarding a single thing, a decision motivated by a single-minded desire to escape a situation, would never affirmatively change the course of one’s own fate.

As if to prove that――,

???: [――Al-sama.]

As Aldebaran attempted to rush towards the figure eclipsed by the fog in an effort to escape, his body was restrained by a being that had appeared right before him―― the actions of Yae Tenzen, who was supposed to be his ally, served as proof of that.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Upon her defeat in the battle against Rem, Yae’s “next” battle commenced.

Blown away, she rolled down the side of the ice mountain that had been made by freezing the great river, and abandoning all the blood-stopping methods she originally could have performed, she put all her efforts into playing the role of the defeated on the verge of death.

Her objective in doing so was――,

Rem: [――I do not intend to take your life. It would sadden that person, after all.]

When the Oni girl spoke those words and applied her healing magic, Yae won her initial wager.

In all honesty, considering her lack of relent during combat, it was difficult to believe that she had no intent of taking her life, but since Yae had actually made it out with her life, she could not complain. ――Above all else, if she dared to complain here, her only chance would fizzle away like a bubble on water’s surface.

Unfortunately for Yae, she had no chance of turning the situation around on Rem here.

So long as she could not solve the contrivance that Rem had used to nullify Yae’s attack in their final skirmish, then even supposing she succeeded in launching a surprise attack, she would likely fail to take Rem down. Thus, it would be none other than an act that wasted any chance at a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

Ergo, Yae’s aim lay elsewhere. ――It lay in one final act of servitude, devoting the entirety of her soul with what little she had left to offer.

As expected, Rem was also wary of a counterattack, and so the effects of the healing magic were kept to a minimum, leaving her condition at just closing up her bleeding wounds and stopping the countdown towards death. On top of that, she chained up Yae’s hands and feet without any pushback, a thoroughness refusing to grant her any role above that of a hostage or prisoner. ――But, with that alone, her perception of how to deal with a shinobi could only be called naive.

So long as they did not experience an instant death, it was in a shinobi ’s nature to get the job done, even if it meant letting their head fly.

She could dislocate all of her joints to escape the chains, and ignore her mortal wounds by burning her lower abdomen.

By doing so, Yae believed that she would still be able to do something for Al at the very end of the end, having failed to accomplish a single one of the duties entrusted to her.

Thus――,

Yae: [――――]

――The once-in-a-liftetime opportunity Yae had aimed for, materialized quicker than she ever could have imagined.

A tremendous impact vehemently engulfed the Agzadd Canyon and the entire surrounding area, so while the corollary cataclysm of aftershocks, wind storms, and flooding quaked the earth as an assault on the land, Yae sprung into action.

Fleeing from Rem, who had attempted to protect Yae from the impact, she broke away from the canyon, and arrived at the clifftops―― it was then that Yae painfully realized the inadequacy of Al’s henchmen, herself included.

Amidst the dust storm that seemed to be covering the entirety of the vast canyon, she saw that Al, far from reaching the Grand Mogolede Geyser, had been kept occupied by the enemy immediately after climbing up.

If Yae, if “Aldebaran”, if Roy Alphard, if Heinkel, if the henchmen whom Al had gathered had been able to fulfill their roles, this ordeal would have never transpired.

That was precisely why――,

Yae: [――――]

Her vision disrupted by dust, her hearing disrupted by rumbling, and her sense of smell disrupted by surging billows of the wind, Yae consolidated what little information she could from her five senses, and accurately pinpointed the person she needed to find there.

Likely, there was nobody who could make the best of this situation like a shinobi could. Feeling grateful for her abduction into the shinobi village for the first time in her life, Yae gallantly hastened to that person.

This time for sure, no matter what, in order to become his strength――,

???: [――Roy! I’m right here! Eat me! Come eat my Name!!]

――She had no choice but to be useful to Al. That was what she had believed, and yet.

Yae: [――Al-sama.]

Piercing through the enshroudment of dust, she caught the man’s rushing body head-on. Feeling the warmth, weight, and the pulsations of life from the touch of his skin, Yae hesitated from the bottom of her heart over what she ought to do.

Aldebaran: [―― Ya, eh ?]

Al, pitching forward from forcibly being stopped, immediately peered into Yae’s side-profile, and muttered those words as if witnessing something utterly unbelievable.

His trembling voice was filled with equal parts wonder and turmoil; however, the same could be said for Yae. ――No, considering her resolve from a moment ago, it could be said that Yae was even more troubled than Al.

Yae: [I…]

She more or less had a grasp of the situation Al was currently in.

He had been cornered by some means, and was now attempting to maneuver out of these chaotic circumstances. Gluttony possessed the means to that end, so in order to help Al accomplish his objective, hastening toward the Sin Archbishop amidst the dust would have been the best thing Yae could have done for her final act of servitude.

Despite understanding that, Yae obstructed Al’s path. Slamming her entire body into his, she held him back.

Why had she done so? Shocked at her own actions, she scrutinized herself. ――Yae feared Al, and she had wished for him to die, so she was trying to help him accomplish his objective in order to let him die. But, with Al as cornered as he currently was, Yae might have been able to kill him with her own hands. Was that why? Was that why she had stopped Al? Was she attempting to repay the dread he had made her feel?

Yae: [I…]

???: [――Is love.]

At the budding doubt, the figure of Rem declaring so without hesitation flashed through her mind, and Yae’s breath caught.

It was different; there was undoubtedly a difference. They may have both been maids trying to fulfill the objectives of their masters, but Yae and Rem’s motivations differed at a fundamental level. They could not be compared.

Only, recalling the Oni who pursued her single-minded devotion driven by her absurdly immense passion, Yae suddenly became privy to certain feelings of her own.

Yae: [I――]

Yae had wished for Al to die. After all, the monster known as Al was terrifying, so there was no helping it.

However――,

Yae: [――I… it seems like I just can’t bear the thought of forgetting you, Al-sama.]

―― From now to eternity, I could never wish to lose you.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――――]

As Yae restrained his movement, and voiced the reason for doing so, a momentary lapse was born in Aldebaran’s mind.

He did not understand. He did not understand. Far too many things, he did not understand. ――With Aldebaran’s Territory having shattered Yae’s heart, she ought to have become an absolute collaborator on the condition of his death.

The selfish confidence he had placed in Yae, had now betrayed him in this ultimate climax.

Had she always been waiting for the perfect moment to enact her betrayal?

He did not understand. He did not understand. Only, with his steps halted, it finally caught up to Aldebaran. ――He had plugged his ears to it, averted his eyes from it, and even buried it at the very bottom of his heart; the voice he had wished to run away from the most.

???: [――Look at that, it is mine victory again.]

Aldebaran: […Priscilla.]

In this moment where he needed to exert every effort towards pulling the possibility right before his eyes even a little bit closer, the mutter that spilled from Aldebaran’s lips was neither the name of Gluttony, nor that of the woman restraining him, nor even that which belonged to himself.

In this moment where he needed to do so, in this moment where he needed to carry that out, even now that his regrets for having failed to accomplish anything were piling up like ash, once again, Aldebaran wished upon that very mountain of ash.

Aldebaran: [What…]

Do you mean it was your victory, Priscilla?

You died. You died, didn’t you? The fact that you died, means that you lost. The fact that you died, means that your desires can’t be fulfilled anymore. The only ones in this world who get to continue on after death, are me and Natsuki Subaru. That’s why, it’s not the same for you.

And yet, what the hell do you mean it was your victory? Even though you’re the least suited to being a poor loser out of any woman in this world, at the very end, why didn’t you admit defeat?

In the end, why did you smile, Priscilla?

Yae: [Your stars――]

Aldebaran: [――Ah?]

Yae: [Your stars were bad, Al-sama…!]

As Aldebaran devoted his attention to those unanswerable questions, Yae stared up at him from within his chest.

Hearing her voice so bereft of composure, the words contained within caused Aldebaran’s breath to catch. Blaming the stars; it was a phrase that Aldebaran would sometimes vocalize, and something Yae had also heard him say.

So, was this an act of revenge? Now that she had halted Aldebaran, she would say those words out of retaliation―― no, Yae’s crimson eyes were telling him that such was not the case.

The sincere radiance alight within those eyes, it was of the same quality as what had once illuminated the eyes of the Witch; they spoke to him:

It isn’t your fault, Aldebaran .

Aldebaran: [――Hk, there’s no way that…]

Could be true ; such violent emotions immediately welled up within him.

The situations leading up to this point, the circumstances up until now, the merits and demerits of things having turned out the way they had, the fault for absolutely all of that lay with Aldebaran, and with Natsuki Subaru; it being any other way was an impossibility.

Thereupon――,

???: [――Al!!]

Unobstructed by even the maelstrom of dust, a voice of silver bells tore through his momentary ardor in the blink of an eye.

△▼△▼△▼△

Jumping to her feet before scurrying to hop out of the canyon, Emilia was shocked by that sight.

Emilia: [Just when I thought I felt a reaaally big tremor…]

As dust filled her vision to the brim, the voice of the wind would not cease its roaring. Furthermore, with the tremors of the land that seemed only to be getting bigger, things had visibly gotten quite bad during the time she was unconscious.

But, that would not discourage her. She would not lose heart. Emilia did not have the time to feel disheartened.

Emilia: [I have to hurry to Al…]

The reason why their allies had entrusted Emilia and Rem with stopping Al, was because everyone believed that the two of them were the most suited to the task. And then, the reason why Rem had sent Emilia off to go chase Al as he flew away, was because Rem placed her faith in Emilia to do so.

Carrying all of that upon her back, and since she fired herself up in order to save Subaru and Beatrice, she could not allow Al to get away――,

Emilia: [――Found him! Al and… eh!? That girl!?]

Emilia plunged through the dust with determination, and beyond it she found the figures of Al and Yae embracing, causing her all the more surprise.

Rem ought to have been keeping Yae at bay. The fact that Yae was now here caused her to worry about Rem―― Ferris had placed powerful healing magic over her saying it was a good luck charm, but even so, Emilia was still concerned for her safety.

Emilia: [I have to――]

Catch up to them and find out right away ; it happened the moment she firmly kicked off the ground. ――Within Emilia’s vision, from beyond the embracing Al and Yae, a great shift sweeping aside the dust was approaching.

That was the true source of the tremors that refused to subside below her feet, the origin of the ceaseless screaming of the land. Drawing ever closer, as it violently quaked the earth, was a flash flood of tremendous volume.

Bearing witness as it attempted to mercilessly wash away everything on the battlefield, Emilia picked up the pace of her steps without even thinking,

Emilia: [――Al!!]

As he raised his visage in surprise at her call, she crossed gazes with the eyes veiled behind his helmet; leaping over the embracing pair, Emilia faced off directly against the flash flood surging forth.

And then――,

Emilia: [―― Icicle Line !]

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――――]

The atmosphere raised a high-pitched shriek, and an unbelievable scope of glaciation was enacted against the flood.

They were inundated by a deluge of mythical proportion, as if a great lake had been upended like a bucket. To combat it, the beautiful girl with her silver hair fluttering behind her rapidly froze all of the water pouring in, fashioning it into a glacier.

Emilia: [YAHHHHH――!!]

However, that was an unfavorable game of cat and mouse between glaciation and flash flood.

Even if the cold air Emilia produced froze part of the flood, the next wave would just crash over the ice, forcing her to freeze that too. This cycle, repeating again and again, created an ice umbrella, a glacier that constantly expanded as water flowed over it.

Emilia: [UYAHHHHHH――!!]

With Emilia as the origin, the ice umbrella expanded radially as she emitted cold air in parallel with the flow of the flood water, arching over Aldebaran’s head before it continued past him.

The larger that structure grew, the heavier it became, and as cracks began to form in the umbrella, it was only a matter of time before it came crashing down with immense weight――,

Emilia: [――――]

For a moment, Emilia glanced back, locking eyes with Aldebaran.

Perhaps thinking something of that, Emilia tightly pressed her lips together――,

Emilia: [URYAHHHHHHH――!!]

She reinforced the umbrella of ice as it loudly creaked and fissured, and continued the construction of the great glacier that had been on the verge of collapse. To keep the umbrella from falling, pillars of ice shot out from the ground one after another as support beams; however, Aldebaran focused his attention elsewhere.

Emilia styled herself the Witch of Glaciation, and in fact, she exhibited enough power to back that title up. But, now, at this very moment, if the reason why Emilia was exhibiting power that surpassed her limits was because of the look they had exchanged a moment ago…

If it was the same as when she had protected Aldebaran in the canyon after he had deployed the massive boulder as a trap, if Emilia was manifesting her strength in order to protect Aldebaran…

With those thoughts, he now realized. ――Emilia had properly been looking at Aldebaran, and had also been trying to talk to him.

Aldebaran: [I’m――]

A raspy voice escaped his throat, but no further did it continue.

Merely, he felt that there had been some vast, irreparable discrepancy. ――A discrepancy from even before his Authority had been sealed, one he could no longer redo, one he could no longer reverse.

???: [――Look at that, it is mine victory again.]

What do you mean it was your victory? Ultimately, he never knew.

But, Priscilla, when you said those words, when you smiled with that triumphant look strewn upon your face, you were so truly――,

???: [――That will be as far as you go.]

――That instant, the absurd iron hammer mowed down nearly everything in the vicinity, piercing the battlefield as a streak of light.

--- Chapter 58: The Sound of Chains ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Machine-Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese-English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [Rigel. ――Natsuki Rigel!!]

――This howling furor of the soul, was being hearkened with certainty by Roy Alphard.

Earnest and frantic, it was an implore suffused with emotion as though smiting the chests of all listeners such that, had it been Gourmet, Ley Batenkaitos, who loved the violent, impassioned emotions of harrowing ghast of humans, and the wistful yearnings of desire oscillating in joys and sorrows, he would have lent his ears to that wish with delight and, whilst licking his lips, fulfilled that humble request without question.

Roy: [But, it wasn’t Ley who’s here, it’s us, isn’t i~t.]

Ley of Gourmet and Roy of Bizarre Eating, twins who shared in the same Witch Factor of Gluttony―― to be precise, they were triplets with Louis, who had died inside their mother’s womb, but contrary to expectations, they were siblings who had not been on the same wavelength with each other.

Despite being siblings made of the same flesh and blood, what they regarded with importance as it pertained to meals, was as though entirely different between them.

However, they had never lamented the divergence in their eating habits. Rather, that they lived without having to scramble for the same prey between siblings was something to take delight in. Although Louis, unable to freely select prey of her own accord, with no choice but to pilfer food from the Stomach of Souls, seemed to find that vexing――,

Roy: [Can’t be helped, can’t be helped. Little sister is dear and cute even to us, you know. But, but, you see? Eating is something that is done for oneself, so an act so adroit as satisfying the stomach of someone else simply can’t be done, you know.]

So, even if he took pity on his younger sister’s implorations for her famishment, it was but the hunger of a close someone else.

Even upon learning that Ley, ephemerally, had fallen in the Tower of sand, that too was but the failed meal of a close someone else.

Above all, he would neither think of it as something that deservingly served him right, nor would he lament and grieve that manner of finishing the meal. His thought was singular―― the powerful emotion of it being wasteful.

Roy: [A~h, from Ley’s viewpoint of Gourmet, someone like us, constantly starving as we were, would probably be a disqualified failure hooligan or thereabouts, but… we of Bizarre Eating, would have gladly eaten Ley, hu~h.]

Strangely noticing that he had been keeping Ley and Louis outside of the targets for his meals, Roy had the amusing, unbecoming thought that his familial love was surprisingly unabandoned. To think the Bizarre Eating who haphazardly and indiscriminately guzzled anything that caught his eye in entirety, had been, of all things, choosing his platters.

Roy: [A~h, did something truly regrettable, didn’t we~.]

It was unfortunate, but Ley had died. In addition, the presence of Louis, ever since the time spent in that Tower of sand, could not be sensed within the Stomach of Souls, and it was unknown what became of her. ――It was truly, truly unfortunate. The next time he came into contact with his younger sister, he would surely chew her soul, and yet.

Roy: [After all, we are Bizarre Eating, you know.]

No matter how unsightly and repulsive a thing might be, once he thought of eating it, he could not help but stretch his tongue.

Even if Gourmet did not so much as even turn to look towards it, even if it was atop a platter that Satiation had pushed aside, he shall eat it, sparing naught.

――Above all, he could not bear to even think of giving up on an article he had once avariced in desire to eat.

???: [――!!]

Outcrying from beyond the dust, was an Aldebaran whose life had been cornered to a dead end―― no, the predicament he was spiraling down into seemed to somehow be the result of having been placed into a situation that was the exact opposite of that. To thereupon recall Roy’s existence, attempting to have his Name eaten so that he could turn the board around, was an act that invited considerable pique and admiration.

Galvanizing the curse mark he had engraved to turn him into a yes-man and drag him along, Aldebaran was frantically calling Roy. Inexplicable pain as though scorching the intangible soul assaulted Roy, his body quivering as it bounded upon the ground. An abuse of the soul, making the threat through agony to convey that, if he wished to elude this pain, he must obey.

Roy: [We get it, we do get it, we very much get it, we’re saying we get it, as we get it, even though we get it, there’s no choice but to get it, you know-! Because we’re saying we get it-! Gluttonous drinking-! Gluttony-!]

He got what he wanted to say. He got what he wanted to make him do. He even got, that he was cornered.

In all honesty, even on the verge of his soul being scorched this way, Roy was grateful to Aldebaran. ――Thanks to being taken out from the Prison Tower, he arrived at the opportunity of a meal that might have never reoccurred. The yes-man had few occasions for meals, but since Roy’s merit was that he did not choose what he ate, that must have been convenient for Aldebaran as well.

Roy: [But you know, it’d be troublesome to have this misunderstanding, wouldn’t i~t.]

Because he was grateful, he agreed to become a yes-man for him. ――But that only went so far as the extent Roy was willing to yield; beyond that, Roy would do as he pleased.

One such example being――,

Roy: [――Fou~nd you.]

As per his eating habits, an opponent whom he desired to eat even in exchange for his life, was one he would eat without fail.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Rigel. ――Natsuki Rigel!!]

As if spewing out blood, that scream resounded within the ears of the Witch of Tristitia as well.

It happened right when she somehow managed to raise her body after being jostled about by a shockwave that seemed to level the ground, amidst a blast and vehement pressure that had surged forth from beyond the realm of her consciousness, inflicting severe damages upon the battlefield.

“Subaru”: [――Petra! Are you alright!? Shit, what happened all of a sudden!? Is everyone safe!?]

Even if her mind was dominated by the loud ringing in her ears, the voice of the Imaginary Subaru as he worried over her was unconnected to her eardrums, so she could hear him clearly. What had reached her amidst that turmoil and anxiety of “Subaru’s” as he worried for their fallen comrades, was Al’s scream from the start.

Witch of Tristitia: [――――]

Within the dense haze of dust, the Witch of Tristitia coughed up the particles she had inhaled, receiving two distinct shocks from Al’s scream, mixed in amongst the fierce winds.

The first, was how Al was planning to use the Authority of Gluttony to break this deadlock. And the other, was the name that Al had shouted to be his true name.

Natsuki Rigel. ――The sound of that name was clearly not unrelated to Natsuki Subaru.

Petra: [Given that he’s from another world like Subaru, I’d figured that Aldebaran was a pseudonym, but…]

The name that had emerged, Natsuki Rigel, was far too strange a coincidence.

Rigel was the name of a star, and the family name Natsuki was the very same as Subaru’s own. ――Surely, the requirements for being summoned to another world could not simply have been to bear the Natsuki surname in addition to a star name.

“Subaru”: [That guy’s…]

Naturally, “Subaru” also knit his eyebrows with the same suspicions as the Witch of Tristitia.

Al was full of enigmas, so although the Witch of Tristitia and her allies were confronting him and his resolve to make an enemy of the world, they did not have any idea about the true nature of his feelings or intentions. This too, was just more proof of that.

However――,

Witch of Tristitia: [――Sorry. I’ve already made up my mind.]

The Witch of Tristitia was not enough of a child to prioritize focus on an unsolvable mystery here.

What she needed to prioritize right here, right now, was not some new mystery that Al had raised to the surface, but a countermeasure against Al, who possessed a means to completely upend the game board even now that he had expended nearly all of the cards in his hand.

If Al were allowed to carry out his course of action, that of having his own Name eaten, there would no longer be anything she could do to stop him. ――Remembering what it had been like to forget Rem, the effectiveness of that had long since been proven.

Witch of Tristitia: [That’s why, I have to do this, Subaru.]

When the Witch of Tristitia murmured those words, “Subaru” stood not by her side, but directly in front of her. Not floating, but with both of his legs planted on the ground, he stood face-to-face with her.

“Subaru”: [――――]

Staring true into his black eyes, the Witch of Tristitia felt a strangely deep emotion.

The version of him present here, no matter how he strived, was nothing more than an illusion that showed her what she wanted to see, by no means the real Natsuki Subaru. From an outside perspective, it surely would have been an absurd delusion, merely a deception that was most convenient for the Witch of Tristitia.

Witch of Tristitia: [And yet, you still won’t marry me.]

“Subaru”: [Petra, I’m…]

Witch of Tristitia: [I’m kidding. It was just a Witch’s joke meant to tease you a bit.]

Poking her tongue out, the Witch of Tristitia apologized for troubling “Subaru”.

The Witch of Tristitia proudly interpreted the fact that “Subaru” would not simply do as she said as a testament to her own noble feelings.

For the person she loved to become exactly what she wished for would make her happy, yet it would leave her conflicted.

Witch of Tristitia: [After all, I fell in love with the Subaru who told me that I’m an idiot.]

“Subaru”: […Now that’s a real honor. After all, I’m a goddamn idiot who’s outrageously happy.]

Witch of Tristitia: [――That couldn’t be more true.]

As “Subaru” responded to her confession in such a manner, the Witch of Tristitia pursed her lips. Then, the Witch of Tristitia spun around, turning her back toward “Subaru”.

And then, after a moment of perhaps either rumination or hesitation, “Subaru” embraced the Witch of Tristitia from behind.

This was a perfect score for her hopes and desires. Moreover, since the real, non-illusion Subaru would have done the same for her, it did not influence the Witch of Tristitia’s final grade.

And so, embraced by those arms――,

Roy: [――Fou~nd you.]

So too did a tenacious voice resound in close proximity, the threat drawing closer from the other side of the plumes of smoke.

The Witch of Tristitia’s fingertip pointed skyward―― the corona fired from it being his signal; rushing to make haste to her was the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard.

Fangs bared, Roy crossed gazes with the Witch of Tristitia.

And――,

Witch of Tristitia: [――It’s Petra Baumann.]

Her finger thrust up toward the heavens, the Witch of Tristitia gave her name.

The shuffle of names carried out amongst the Aldebusters as a countermeasure against Gluttony―― with the cooperation of the lord, Roswaal, it was the result of the name changing ceremony that had been accepted as something with official validity. As each of them selected a name as they pleased, the Witch of Tristitia received the surname of the person she loved and respected the most.

But, revealing the newly-changed name she had kept hidden until now could have been for nothing else. ――Nothing other than the ace up her sleeve.

“Subaru”: [――Petra…]

With intangible arms, yet still tightening his embrace, “Subaru” called out her name. Hearing that voice, and placing her hands over his arms, intangible though they were, the Witch of Tristitia smiled.

Smiling, the young girl who had offered up everything as compensation, and had become the Witch of Tristitia, spoke.

Witch of Tristitia: [――Subaru, I love you.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Placing it atop his tongue, invoking Eclipsing, a titillating numbness that perfused on the moment of eating rushed through his entire body.

Roy: [~~-!]

This precise climax of Eclipsing was the true flavorful pleasure of Gluttony, for which no substitute came to mind, even for Roy, who had eaten multitudes of Names and Memories until now and covetingly indulged in lives.

Starvation of a hunger, hunger, hunger far too inordinate was the raison d’etre of Gluttony. ――In a moment wherein he could hallucinate even a fragment of its fulfillment, he could feel raw, fresh sufficiency.

That was certainly――,

Roy: [――The finest-!]

The flavor of the Witch who had kept her word intoxicated Roy with maximal love as he licked his lips at the aftertaste.

Taken captive by emotions that surpassed his anticipations, severity that surpassed apprehensions, and purity that surpassed aspirations, Roy surfeited what a true Eclipsing was as a sense of fullness in his stomach permeated throughout his body.

Certainly, certainly, certainlycertainlycertainly, he had been living for this singular flavor.

――Even should his soul be scorched as indemnity for violating the curse mark, he harbored no regrets for this Eclipsing.

Upon these Memories pouring in, Louis’s reason for craving became explicitly clear. However, unfortunately, unlike Louis, what Roy’s taste buds found to be the utmost sweet were the young girl’s prayers.

The Witch who loved a singular platter to this breadth, splendidly transcended the anticipations he had borne prior to tasting.

Thus, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, smiled.

Whilst being scorched by the blue flare emblematic of the curse mark’s violation, he smiled.

Roy: [――Thank you for the treat-.]

And, in the juncture he would be scorched by the blue flare together with his soul――,

???: [――That will be as far as you go.]

A deep crimson blaze suddenly emanated upon the battlefield, and mercilessly flashed through the blue flare.

△▼△▼△▼△

――If one were asked to come up with something synonymous with the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, the Divine Protection of the Sword Saint would likely be the first thing they would say.

However, if it were someone deeply aware of just how absurd Reinhard truly was, they would also know that one of the many factors behind his status as the strongest Sword Saint in history was the sheer number of Divine Protections he possessed.

In the past, when Reinhard had done battle against one of history’s strongest existences, the Sin Archbishop of Greed, Regulus Corneas, the one who had been present there fighting alongside him, Natsuki Subaru, had appraised the Divine Protection of the Phoenix to be particularly extraordinary amongst the arsenal of his many Divine Protections.

The power of the Divine Protection of the Phoenix, allowing him to resurrect even if he died, regardless of the fact that he was already nearly impossible to kill on account of his overwhelming strength, was truly an unfair ability.

But, if Natsuki Subaru were to learn just how extraordinary the Divine Protection of the Phoenix truly was, his previous astonished evaluation of it being a cheat ability would have been eclipsed further yet.

Reinhard: [――Divine Protection of the Phoenix.]

Strictly speaking, since it had already been used in the battle against the Sin Archbishop of Greed, this was the next Divine Protection of the Phoenix that he had received, but since the phenomenon they induced was the same, there was no point in making a distinction.

The important thing was that through the activation of this Divine Protection, Reinhard van Astrea, as its holder, would be resurrected from his lost life, and when that occurred, all of his injuries, fatal or not, would undergo a complete recovery.

Hence, at this moment, all the wounds Reinhard had sustained during his battle against the shadow of the Witch of Envy, spanning three days and three nights as he fought to avert ruination of everything at world’s edge, were undone.

That also included the wounds that Aldebaran and the Divine Dragon had inflicted upon Reinhard’s arms, rendering them unusable. It even blazed his exhaustion from continuously fighting with no sleep to naught.

That alone would have been enough to prove the extraordinary power of the Divine Protection of the Phoenix, but the true value for which Reinhard had turned to this Divine Protection was still yet to come.

Through some plot devised by Aldebaran, the menace of the Witch of Envy had been revived in the modern day. The moment it had suddenly vanished as abruptly as when it had first appeared, Reinhard deemed it the end of the battle―― instantly, he decided to inflict a mortal wound upon himself.

If this had simply been for the purpose of healing his wounds, Reinhard would not have gone out of his way to inflict self-harm, and likely would have waited for his injuries to naturally heal.

In other words, what he sought from the Divine Protection of the Phoenix was not the healing of his wounds, but the other effect that the Divine Protection induced, that was――,

Reinhard: [――――]

――That moment, clad in flames of deep crimson, Reinhard was resurrected in the midst of a battlefield.

That was the other extraordinary effect carried by the Divine Protection of the Phoenix, the flames of rebirth that allowed the deceased holder to resurrect at any location they desired.

In his battle against Regulus Corneas, the power had raised him from the ashes right before Natsuki Subaru’s eyes, but in the current moment, the place where Reinhard resurrected went without saying.

It was by the side of one who ought to have been fighting against Aldebaran, cleaning up after Reinhard’s failure: his master.

Reinhard: [――――]

Appearing from the flames that billowed in the winds, Reinhard stepped out onto the battlefield, his instincts immediately branding it an unnatural space in the throes of cataclysm.

Even Reinhard could not help but be surprised at the sight, but――,

???: [Reinhard!]

Turning around at the sudden call, Reinhard spotted his lovely friend who had an air of seriousness about them, and held in their arms was his master―― Felt.

Perceiving it to be an urgent situation, Reinhard immediately hastened to his master. Held in his friend’s, in Ferris’s arms, Felt’s head hung limp, bereft of strength. Nobody was more suited to that task than Ferris, but he would at least try to say something to――,

???: [――Oi.]

Reinhard: [――――]

Quicker than Reinhard could address her, that frail rasp of a voice was spun.

Amidst the dust, Felt was enveloped by a faint glow cast by Ferris―― receiving the light of healing focused on her head, she slowly lifted her face, and while her vision blurred in and out of focus, those red eyes of hers captured her one and only Knight.

Then, mustering all the strength left in her body, she put together a single sentence.

That was――,

Felt: [――I leave the rest… to you.]

Those words spoke to Reinhard, telling him that what he currently needed to do, was not to worry about his master.

Reinhard’s master was strong. Far stronger than Reinhard could ever hope to be.

Therefore――,

Reinhard: [――That will be as far as you go.]

Entrusting his master, who had fulfilled her duty, to his friend, and spurred onward, Reinhard advanced onto the battlefield.

In that instant, he pinpointed all the presences that dotted the region, headed towards the enemy among them who needed to be dealt with, and in a solitary flash, reduced Roy Alphard of Gluttony, engulfed in blue flare, to nihil, erasing him from the world of the living.

Roy: [――Thank you for the treat-.]

That which was scorching the smiling Roy Alphard, was a blue flare set ablaze upon the firewood of his soul, never to dissipate. Thus, Reinhard assisted his suicide as to not allow him to suffer for long.

And then――,

Reinhard: [――Al-dono, this time, I shall stop you for certain.]

Kicking off the ground, Reinhard soared toward Aldebaran, standing amidst the dust storm. Even without needing to borrow the power of Compression, it was a movement of such speed that it appeared to have crushed space.

Between Reinhard and Aldebaran, a girl promptly stretched out her arms. The red-haired girl had moved as fast as possible in an attempt to protect Aldebaran. Brushing her aside, Reinhard delivered a karate chop to her neck without permitting any reaction, reaping her consciousness to the beyond in the blink of an eye.

Then, toward the defenseless Aldebaran, Reinhard once again pulled his arm back――,

Reinhard: [――This, is my duty.]

――Instantly, an unrelenting blow from the Sword Saint struck Aldebaran’s torso.

△▼△▼△▼△

Far in the distance, an azure inferno dispersed beyond the dust, and in the very next moment after beholding that, he watched as the slender back of Yae crumbled before his eyes.

He had been about to reach his hand towards her as she abruptly fell, but which parts of his mind had been at work to cause that? Either way, Aldebaran’s hand had failed to reach her. Same as it ever was.

Then, without so much as a moment to blink, a white flash scythed across Aldebaran’s torso――,

Aldebaran: [――Oh.]

Two. Without a doubt, as the strike of the hand flashed across his waist, Aldebaran was cleaved right in two.

But, regeneration commenced the very moment he was split apart, and Aldebaran’s flesh was restored with a vigor as if a video played back in reverse, instantly mending the halves of his bisected body.

That was the transcendent potency of the healing magic cast upon Aldebaran by the Blue, and the “magic trick” of severing the human body accomplished by the Sword Saint’s hand slash, far sharper than any run-of-the-mill treasured sword.

But――,

Aldebaran: [Can’t die…!]

An affirmation, or a refutation: just how had that appeal resonated?

A blow from Reinhard; yes, from Reinhard. He, who ought to have been neutralized by the summoning of the Witch of Envy, had appeared, and although Aldebaran had basked in his unrelenting karate chop, he did not die.

Given that he had bisected his torso, Reinhard had surely launched that attack with the goal of slaying Aldebaran. But, the healing arts of the Blue surpassed even the murderous intent of the Sword Saint, impeding the activation of his Authority.

Aldebaran: [――――]

For a moment, ignoring the pain that he was not sure even existed or not, Aldebaran pondered.

Reinhard was present. Problem. Trouble. All his calculations were set back to square one. Moreover, if the reason for his presence was not simply because he had forsaken the world, it meant that the Witch of Envy must have withdrawn.

And if the Witch of Envy had withdrawn, it would have been because that which she had needed to silence had been lost. ――In other words, it was proof that Roy had broken the Oath of his curse mark, and had used his Authority on the Witch of Tristitia. And, he had done so fully aware that he would pay that penalty with his life.

As an act of retribution for having been forced into submission, had the Sin Archbishop thrown away even his own life? Only one thing was certain―― any chance of Aldebaran breaking through this situation with his own efforts had been severed.

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

The possibility of Gluttony had slipped through his fingers.

Recognizing that fact, Aldebaran sparked his thoughts as he grit his teeth, resolving himself to use every last one of his actions from this point forth to break through this deadlock.

Every breath, every pulse, every drop of sweat from his fingers; to none would he permit any futility.

With that firm warning to his own soul, Aldebaran embraced the falling Yae. ――He, embraced Yae?

Aldebaran: [――Ah?]

This was right after Aldebaran had decided on what he must do.

Fully utilizing every fraction of every instant from that moment forth, he would overcome this accident, that was what he had resolved in his heart; and yet, why had he reached towards Yae, and embraced her?

She had lost consciousness, and the odds that she was just masterfully playing dead were zero. Even if he were to hold Yae up, he would not be able to break through the situation.

And yet, for what reason, had Aldebaran――,

Reinhard: [You know it deep down, too. ――This will be as far as you go.]

As Aldebaran stood dumbfounded, failing to understand the meaning of even his own actions, Reinhard’s voice, unimaginably healthy for one who had been engaged in a death ballet against the Witch of Envy, struck his ears.

Reinhard was simply telling him: to give up, this would be as far as he went.

He, was telling him.

Aldebaran: [Well, you’re also surely carrying a lot upon your back, Sword Saint, but… it’s not as if I started this with a resolve so cheap that I’d relinquish it at the drop of a hat.]

Reinhard: [――――]

Aldebaran: [It’s not over, not yet. This… this is nothing! Don’t you go thinking that I’d give up so easily!]

Putting up a brave front, Aldebaran glared at Reinhard.

By surpassing his opponent in sheer intensity, he wished for at least one thing that his fingers could grasp onto. But, in response to Aldebaran’s vigor, Reinhard raised the hand he had used to slash him aloft, and responded.

The karate chop that the Sword Saint had performed to split Aldebaran in twain, that very hand was clutching something.

――Something that could not have possibly been there, a black orb woven by magic.

Reinhard: [Even with this?]

Left speechless as he stared motionlessly with eyes wide open, Aldebaran realized that the Sword Saint’s flash from earlier had not aimed for his life, but specifically for the bisection of his torso.

With that as his target, Reinhard had done it. ――Believing in the power of the Blue, he quite literally split his stomach open.

And, splitting Aldebaran’s stomach, he had retrieved it.

That which ought to have been discarded at the Grand Mogolade Geyser, into the hole which led beyond this world――,

Aldebaran: [But even so, it can’t be broken!!]

The shock had not worn off. Even so, he still possessed the initiative.

Devised by the Witch, it was a forbidden art that reliably sealed any who had been granted power by a Witch Factor. Even with Reinhard’s absurd levels of power, even with the world-rending breath of a Dragon, it could not be broken.

Thus, no matter what happened, Aldebaran would not lift that seal――,

Reinhard: [No, it’s Subaru who’s sealed in here, isn’t it? ――In that case, it can be drawn.]

Instantly, a torrent of power surpassing all normalcy quaked the atmosphere, and a shudder certainly ran through the world.

That was simply how tremendously significant the drawing of this sword was, to the point that even the world was unable to ignore it.

That was――,

Reinhard: [――Dragon Sword, Reid.]

With that flash of impossible radiance, the small magic orb in the Sword Saint’s hand was rent asunder.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Those were the words of the Witch, who had taught Aldebaran everything that he knew, and had bestowed upon him the name of the Following Star.

???: [――Look at that, it is mine victory again.]

Those were the words of the Sun Princess, who had given meaning to Aldebaran’s life outside of being a Following Star.

Aldebaran: [――――]

The foolish, powerless Aldebaran had lost both of them, so despite being one who possessed an Authority that was supposed to rectify erred choices, ultimately, he had continued to choose the most half-hearted path.

Only, he would not allow the birth of the Witch who would end the world. ――Everything had been for that purpose.

Receiving the Witch’s teachings, and acting in accordance with her wishes, he had attempted to kill the Witch. ――He had failed.

Meeting Priscilla, and acting to make her the Monarch, he had attempted to kill the Witch. ――He had failed.

Falling back on his initial resolve, and acting to remove Natsuki Subaru, he had attempted to kill the Witch. ――He had failed.

Aldebaran: [――Ah.]

As a blinding light spilled forth, feeling his eyes being scorched even from behind his steel helmet, Aldebaran bore witness to the marvel of brute force taking place right before his eyes, and the result of that rule-defying power.

The phenomenon brought about by one suprarational power was severed at the hands of another suprarational power, so when that which had been sealed was released, the only thing Aldebaran could do was to tighten his arm around the slender body in his embrace, as if having a tantrum.

And then――,

???: [――Hk.]

A faint respiration, one he by no means should have been able to hear, scratched at Aldebaran’s consciousness.

That was something which belonged to the silver-haired girl behind him, who had been wielding her strength to fend off the inundating flood, emitting a tremendously cold air to prevent the battlefield from being swallowed by the muddy stream.

If that had been a lament for being unable to completely dam the rush of water, he could have endured it.

If that had been a sigh of relief at Reinhard’s arrival, he could have endured it.

If that had been satisfaction for the abhorrent Aldebaran having been cornered, he could have endured it.

But, it was none of those things. ――That which her amethyst eyes had trained their gaze upon, was but a single person.

After all, no matter the time, Aldebaran would never be reflected in those eyes of hers.

Aldebaran: [――NATSUKI SUBARUUUUUUU!!]

He shouted. He screamed. He roared.

With a hoarse voice that quite literally seemed to spew forth blood, Aldebaran cried out that name.

Emerging from within that light, was a black-haired boy embracing a dress-clad Great Spirit―― that unmistakable individual, with the vigor of having been liberated from the black orb, dropped to one knee upon the ground.

Then, as his lips opened, the very first thing to exit his mouth was a yell.

???: [――Rem!!]

As if in response to that call, the sound of chains grated upon Aldebaran’s eardrums.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Rem loved Natsuki Subaru.

This was an unshakeable truth, one that Rem, even before fully regaining her Memories, would have had to admit with reluctance.

Or rather, whether she had Memories or not, it was an inevitability that Rem would be attracted to Subaru, so frankly, what exactly had she been holding back for?

Rem: [No, that isn’t right. That would be taking things a little too far, or rather… First of all, that would make it sound like I’d fall for that person even if he never did anything for me, right?]

Rem believed that her own feelings were nothing so convenient.

Rather, Rem viewed herself as a fastidious, distrusting woman who would not easily open her heart. Even if she said so herself, she shuddered at how unapproachable of a girl she must have been.

She was vastly different to the honest and compassionate Ram, or the cute Katya, whose true feelings were painfully obvious despite her abrasive attitude.

Indeed, the “original” Rem had been an unapproachable girl with a poor attitude and ugly personality.

Her perspective had been narrow, her world small, too preoccupied with guarding her own self-imposed sanctuary to spare a thought for others. ――And yet, Natsuki Subaru had stepped inside.

Stepping in, trampling over it, taking her by the hand, and leading her out from there, Rem had fallen head over heels for him.

Thus, those who had done so, and those who would go on to do so, would only continue to grow with time.

Rem: [Still, among all of them, the fact that Rem was the very first one will never change.]

Rem had been the first one to recognize the greatness of Natsuki Subaru.

Emilia may have been a worthy contender for that, but in terms of depth and weight, Rem would insist she was first. That too, was something unshakeable. ――Something precious, tied to Natsuki Subaru.

Rem: [The mansion, the Royal Capital, and Flugel’s Great Tree.]

The path that Rem, who loved Natsuki Subaru, had walked alongside him before she had lost her Memories.

Rem: [The jungle, the Fortress City, the Imperial Capital, and the coupled dragon carriages.]

The path that Rem, who had begun to love Natsuki Subaru, had walked alongside him after she had lost her Memories.

Rem: [The past, present, and future.]

The path that Rem, who had fallen in love with Natsuki Subaru again, would walk alongside him now that she had regained her Memories.

Even without needing to be told by Yae so many times, Rem understood that it was too simplistic to lump all of that under the single word of “love”.

Nevertheless, if asked the name of that which impelled her, the driving force of the hope that declared that, no matter what happened, she would have no regrets, then she could think of naught else but “love”.

Because of love, Rem was able to believe in Natsuki Subaru.

Because of love, Rem was able to devote herself to Natsuki Subaru.

Because of love, Rem was able to yearn for the same future as Natsuki Subaru.

???: [――Rem-neesama, there is one thing I want to ask you.]

That was a conversation Rem had had before they went off to battle with a girl, who, just like herself, was in love with Natsuki Subaru.

Rem understood that she, too, was one who had met Natsuki Subaru and deviated from her “original” self. She was one who had found happiness in that fact, and decided to walk alongside him on his thorny path.

She was also one who knew of those eyes which were fixed straight ahead, looking at someone other than herself, the gaze of her beloved that she could not help but wish would turn toward her.

???: [Rem-neesama, would you do anything to help Subaru?]

Afterward, Rem pondered over it.

Just how much courage had it required to ask that question?

Just how much deliberation did it take to convey the words she had prepared for that moment?

And hypothetically, if Rem were to give an answer that failed to meet her expectations, just how much resolve, how many ideals, would she have to bear, as she walked that path alone?

Rem: [Yes, of course. ――I am Subaru-kun’s Rem, after all.]

That was why being able to respond to that without hesitation was something Rem was proud of beyond measure.

In a way, it was a contest of whose feelings for Natsuki Subaru were stronger. And it was a hidden vow that she could never entrust to Emilia, the one he fell in love with.

What would happen if that vow were to be fulfilled? The truth was, Rem had no clue.

The only thing she knew was that it would help Natsuki Subaru―― no, to the contrary. That it would allow her to be the first among the many feelings Natsuki Subaru, that kind-hearted boy, would bear.

To wish for more would be extravagant. Yet, now that her Memories had returned, she had become greedy, and even knowing it was extravagant, she yearned just a smidgen for what lay beyond.

For example, once that boy was pushed forward by Rem and the others onto the path he walked, then she wished that he would feel the devotion of Rem and that girl, not just as a mere ripple on the surface of his heart, but as much more, a great wave.

That alone was Rem’s――,

???: [――Rem!!]

The moment his figure appeared beyond that white light, Rem’s endearing sentiments shattered.

In that moment, swept away by a torrent of unceasing emotions that surged from within, Rem felt an irresistible urge to cast everything aside and rush into his arms. She endured it.

Immediately after, the earth beneath her feet exploded upwards, and the rising wall of rock threatened to engulf her entire field of view―― only to be swept aside in a single flash by the Sword Saint, leaving the lingering afterglow of flames upon his form and clearing the path.

Directly ahead, straight in front of her, Rem and the eyes of the boy she loved met.

Rem: [――――]

Prepared to die, yet unable to be rid of the kindness at his core, the young boy’s black eyes met her gaze.

A thousand words she longed to convey, ten thousand feelings she desired to express, a hundred million prayers she wished to offer; swallowing them all, Rem said,

Rem: [Once more, please make my current self… please make Rem fall in love with you again.]

That instant, she swung her arm with all her might. ――The iron ball flew true, streaking straight through the sky.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The sound of chains, ringing out.

In that instant, his own bloodcurdling scream, the protrusions of the ground caused by the utmost extent of magic he had unleashed in a trance, the negation of that cataclysm by the supreme flash of the Sword Saint severing even the glaciated atmosphere, the fact that it seemed like the man who had appeared while hugging the Spirit had been utilizing the Authority of Greed to keep a grasp over the situation, the fact that he was subconsciously tightening his embrace on the warmth of the woman in his arm; absolutely all of it, did not matter to Aldebaran in the slightest.

Merely, with reckless abandon, he reached out his hands. ――No, he only attempted to reach them out. He had failed to do so.

His right arm was embracing the woman who had betrayed him, and his left arm had been abandoned all that time ago alongside the Witch’s expectations, so Aldebaran had failed to reach out his hands.

Instead――,

Man: [――Al…]

The man, having gathered the attention of all present there, trained his gaze upon him, and called out.

The emotions dwelling in those black eyes, the fact that it seemed like he wished to save even Aldebaran if he could, that color of Natsuki Subaru was, above all else, more than anything, eclipsing aught in his heart――,

Aldebaran: [I ABSOLUTELY FUCKING HATE YOU, YOU SHITTY O――]

――The sound of chains, rang out.

△▼△▼△▼△

――I love you.

--- Chapter 59: ――No. ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――I love you.

△▼△▼△▼△

――With a deep exhale, he pulled taut the bowstring of resolve deep within his heart.

???: [――――]

His exchange with those girls a moment prior, especially the consideration of Petra, caused an ache in his chest. Even Meili, with her insincere devilish attitude, and Flam, with her businesslike demeanor, seemed to worry about him in their own ways, and so with Beatrice at the forefront, this was a lineup of superb young ladies.

???: [As expected of the Lolimancer, I guess. Though, it seems like a dishonor for both sides.]

Regardless of how it had been when he had first been bestowed that title, Petra and the others would not stay young forever. So long as he was accompanied by the eternally youthful Beatrice, however, the day would never come that the person in question would be stripped of that alias. Of course, it would be a different story if he ever parted ways with Beatrice, but――,

???: [If only he could do such a thing, eh?]

In all likelihood, it would have made this plan considerably easier to execute.

In fact, with the exception of Beatrice, he had never encountered a Great Spirit of the Yin Attribute that was amicable to humans. He considered that to also be part of her design, but he could not speak for certain on the intentions of the Witch’s links, separate from the Witch whom he had known.

At any rate, as a specialist of the Yin Attribute, and considering her origins, there was a fear that Beatrice would be able to decipher an essential factor to the plan. And so, the timing was critical.

Beatrice was soul-bound to the target through a Contract, so he would have no choice but ensnare her in the forbidden art as well.

???: [――――]

As the sound of tension creaked, he could tell that the bowstring was being stretched tight.

Thus, he entered the Library of Taygeta, the vast floor packed full with bookshelves housing a tremendous quantity of books, a sight that would always overwhelm him no matter how many times he saw it―― and there did he witness.

???: [Murak.]

Receiving the full support of the Great Spirit, that man obtained the maximum effect of that brief incancation, and hopping on top of the tall bookshelf, he stealthily concealed a single volume.

???: [――――]

Even if he could tell it was a book from a distance, he could not discern just whose name was written upon its spine.

The Books of the Dead in that Library, aside from the titles, were all of the same appearance, with nary a distinction in their thickness. Upon consideration, it was a bit of a strange matter; there was no way that a child who succumbed to illness at the tender age of five, and someone who died peacefully at the age of one hundred after having lived a life full of ups and downs, would have books of the same thickness.

There was no doubt that this Library was a place that took advantage of Od Lagna’s properties, but it ought to have been the Witch who had made them manifest in the form of books.

In that case, why had the Witch gone out of her way to create a Library that was so difficult to comprehend?

???: [When you finally find that which you seek, you would not desire any excess noise, now would you?]

Vocalizing an utterance that the Witch herself seemed like she might have said, it sounded like it might have really been the right answer, filling him with unpleasant feelings.

To begin with, he wished to avoid recalling the Witch as much as he could. ――Ever since she died, he found himself recalling the Witch as if recoiling from everything that occurred up to that point.

Witch: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

For a moment, he pondered. If this was a Library containing books that chronicled the lives of the deceased, then naturally, it stood to reason that the Witch’s book would also be somewhere around here.

Thus――,

???: [――Look at that, it is mine victory again.]

The voice to which he had plugged his ears, averted his eyes, and kept at a distance in rejection from his soul; the Book of the Dead of the voice’s owner, would also be located here.

???: […What do you mean it was your victory, Priscilla?]

In those unforgettable last moments, in those final minutes he had shared with her, she had worn that triumphant smile. The declaration of victory that had accompanied that smile, even now, he did not understand its meaning.

Even if he understood, it would not change a thing. After all, she was no longer among them. After one passed away, it would no longer be possible to exchange words or feelings with them.

But, even if it was purely a one-sided affair, this Great Library Pleiádes made understanding possible.

???: […Am I an idiot? No, I’m definitely an idiot. Even though that sorta thing’s nothing more than a pretext.]

Everything was for the sake of the plan, a cover story to get that man and the others to console his heartbroken self, laying the groundwork for him to carry out what he had set out to do alongside the Witch, the plan he had once abandoned.

To think his heart would actually be swayed by that, it would be a tale far worse than going out for wool and coming home shorn.

Above all else――,

???: [Please, don’t save me.]

If he were to read her book, if he were to once again be scorched by the radiance of the sun he had failed to keep from setting, then just like the day he gave up on being a Following Star, he might waver once more.

The foolish star who did not deserve to be saved, would waver once more.

That was why――,

???: [――Your stars, were bad.]

Resigning himself to those words, he resumed his halted steps, and proceeded through the Library.

The singular book that had been stealthily hidden atop the bookshelf, although he had not seen the title of that book, he knew what name had been inscribed on its spine without even needing to see it.

If it was a Book of the Dead that man had hidden due to finding it inconvenient, there was only one title that it could have borne. ――And, finding one of those same books had been an essential puzzle piece for the enactment of this plan.

The two volumes he had wished to track down, those being the Books of the Dead belonging to himself, and to that man, had been found.

So, all that remained was the time for action――,

Man: [Good grief. It’s like I’m a mischievous kid who’s getting up to no good in the library…]

He slowly walked up behind the man who spoke these words as he scratched his head. The other party seemed unaware of his approach, and parting from the bookshelf where he had just hidden the book,

Man: [It’d be a problem if Ezzo-san, the very embodiment of a curious mind, were to find it… I mean, there’s also the possibility that a bunch of people come marching in here, so maybe I gotta dispose of them all? How many volumes in total would there――]

???: [――Dispose of what, bro?]

Man: [――Hk.]

As soon as he called out to the grumbling back, the other party’s shoulders jumped up in an exaggerated motion. Slowly, the man turned to face him, a faint stiffness strewn upon his countenance, making it obvious that he was feeling guilty about what he had done.

At the reaction of the other party, doing a clumsy job of hiding things, he deliberately made a grand motion of shrugging his shoulders,

???: [Oioi, you’re getting way too startled. I was just trying to make small talk.]

Man: […Yeah, sorry, sorry. Someone hearing you when you’re talking to yourself is actually pretty embarrassing, you know?]

???: [I get where you’re coming from with that, but I find it troubling that you’re making me out to be the bad guy ‘cause of that, yeah?]

Man: [The bad guy…]

Drawing back his chin as the other party inclined their head, he directed his attention to behind himself. Then, waddling over from that direction with lovely footsteps, approached Beatrice.

She wedged her small body in between him and the other party, and while puffing up her cheeks,

Beatrice: [Hey, you, don’t startle Subaru all of a sudden like that, in fact. Whenever Betty isn’t watching, Subaru has what’s known as a flea’s heart, I suppose.]

???: [A flea’s heart… really, bro does? I didn’t take him for that sorta guy, though.]

Man: [If that evaluation’s based on my boldness and audacity, I’ll gladly take it in stride, but what the hell did you see in me to make you think that way?]

???: [――Let’s see. Well, bro, I might actually know a lot more about you than you think, you know?]

Responding to the words of the man, who patted the head of Beatrice as she came to his defense, he took a moment to think before keeping it to a relatively harmless answer.

If he mentioned any further information than what he had brought up just now―― that was, the fact that he even knew about his inferiority complex and complicated crossroads with his parents before coming to this world, just what would he think?

Of course, he would never do anything so foolish. He had been urged by those impulsive feelings many times, but on those occasions, he would endure it by fiddling with the metal fixtures on his helmet.

A routine for when he went into deep thought, the metallic clank that warned him against forgetting about the plan.

Beatrice: [That is rather interesting, in fact. It is quite shameless to claim such knowledge about Subaru before Betty, I suppose. You are making light of the sweet relationship between Spirit and Contractor, in fact.]

???: [It’s precisely because it’s sweet . Good grief, sorry for getting in the way of your passionate honeymoon.]

As he clicked and clacked the joints of his helmet, Beatrice stood with her arms crossed, thoroughly offended. Shrugging his shoulders in an effort to not upset her, the other party awkwardly scratched his cheek,

Man: [Nah, don’t worry about it. Beako and I get all lovey-dovey whenever time allows it, and right now, well, see? We’ve gotta prioritize the Library, don’t we?]

???: [Thank you for accommodating me on everything, yeah? No, seriously, no joke, lemme thank you again. Even if it’s just three days, it must have been troublesome to set aside this time for me. Beako-chan, I’m sorry for bringing bro along with me. Thanks for coming with us.]

Beatrice: [Betty and Subaru are one, so it is a matter of course that we are together, I suppose. ――Also, Betty is not so benevolent as to repeat the same warning many times, I suppose. Correct it by yourself, in fact.]

???: [Gotcha, gotcha. ――She’s very kind, your kid.]

Man: [ Ngh , yeah.]

The man gave a wry smile, struggling to get his words out, and Beatrice gently clasped his hand.

For some reason, the conversation was not quite bouncing along. Though it brought him no joy, he and the other party had good, responsive chemistry, and the tempo of their back-and-forth ball game of a conversation ought to have flowed smoothly. For it to have become this stilted, was perhaps because he had thought something inconvenient had been spotted. ――Perhaps, it was because he had concealed a book different from the one he had expected.

For instance, could it have been one of the two volumes he had envisioned just earlier?

Man: [Al… um, how are you feeling?]

???: [――. What kind of question is that, it’s like you’re the parent of an adolescent who’s struggling to get a grasp on a sense of distance… As you can see, no results just yet. I thought that it might be possible in three days, but man, I’m really at a loss with this number of books. It’s really on the level of finding a single needle dropped in a desert, isn’t it?]

Man: [――Hk, but, don’t give up man. Let’s search properly! I’ll also do my best to help!]

???: [Oioi, bro?]

Just when he thought that, the other party suddenly adopted a proactive position, taking him aback.

Time and time again, the other party had vowed unwavering sincerity towards him, proclaiming that he would be of help. Neither did he think that was a lie, nor did he find that aggravating in itself. ――After all, he had no expectations.

That which he had hoped for the most, that which he had wished the man to do, he had not done.

That was why――,

???: [Knock it off with the sentiments that muddy up exactly which one of us had wanted to come here in the first place. It wouldn’t make any sense if I’m not getting as enthusiastic as you, bro.]

Man: [Then do it. Let’s do it, as if it were a matter of life and death. For three days, we’ll give it everything we’ve got. Then…]

A tremble ran through that voice. ――Not his own, he heard the voice of the other party trembling.

He had far too much empathy, or perhaps, a wave that already ought to have passed had come crashing back in, stirring those emotions anew. The feelings of regret and lamentation, were things that man felt far more than the ordinary person. He knew that well.

Between himself and this man, they were the only two people throughout the entire world to possess it: the curse of their Authorities.

Merely, there was the man who could use it to save those whom he loved, and then there was his own self, unable to do the same.

Thus, so long as the man’s love was allowed to persist, it would eventually be born. ――The being that would bring about the world’s end.

In order to prevent that, at the very least, he would need to fulfill the duty of the Following Star――,

Beatrice: [――Subaru.]

Holding hands with the man who had cast his head down, his voice trembling, Beatrice quietly called his name.

The emotions filling that call were tranquil, and contrary to her cute appearance, there was a mystical solemnity that seemed to prove that she, too, was a Great Spirit who had lived for quite a long time.

Man: [――――]

At the address of the Great Spirit, the person in question held his breath, giving no response.

Witnessing that reaction, he fiddled again with the fixtures on his helmet, and decided. ――After another comment or two, finishing the verbal rally, he would begin.

As the other party had stated, they would be searching the Library in this Tower for a period of three days. The more of that time limit he depleted, the more his head would start to wander elsewhere. Ergo, he would take action before that could happen.

Man: [――Three days, is that not good enough?]

The man’s words, spoken as if wringing them out, sounded a bit desperate; was that perhaps a reflection that he was also getting a bit nervous? ――It made him think for a bit.

If he did find the Book of the Dead across a three-day search, and could fully glean the emotions that woman who was no longer among them had left behind in her final moments, what might happen?

He could say it with certainty. ――It would not change a thing.

These wounds would never be healed, and this pain would never fade. To begin with, he desired no such thing.

And so, in response to the question the other party had hurled his way, despite knowing that it would be a complete divergence from what he had actually been asked, he deliberately answered with the following:

???: [――Your stars, were bad.]

Even for himself, it was unclear whether he viewed those stars through a positive or negative gaze.

Present in this place were two stars, the Pleiades and Aldebaran―― nay, Subaru and Rigel, and as they faced off, it was unclear who was being condemned as at fault, and who was being consoled as having done nothing wrong, even for himself.

Aldebaran: [――――]

He had gotten far too emotional. He had also done a poor job in keeping the conversational rally going this time.

If he kept going like that, he would quite likely get drawn in and find himself uttering something that could be perceived as suspicious. He had already decided. He would do it on the next one, he had decided.

The other party who had fallen silent, the man who had been named for the stars, and bestowed the names of the stars, after he finished his next remark, it would commence. ――Passing Mana through his Gate, formulating the technique, he opened up the entryway for the forbidden art.

Then――,

Subaru: [――Al…]

Then, his eyes met with Natsuki Subaru’s, a face on the verge of tears.

Subaru: [――Ol Shamak.]

An incantation, one not of his own. ――He understood.

Once again, in the battle he had needed to win no matter what, Aldebaran had been defeated.

???: [――Look at that, it is mine victory again.]

Alongside the triumphant smile of the lovely woman he could never get back, he heard her voice. ――The next instant, the world of Aldebaran cut to black.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Natsuki-dono, while it may not serve as any comfort, your fears were not misplaced. He had been kneading Mana, formulating a technique. A single slip up, and you likely would have found yourselves in completely opposite positions. I fully support your judgment as having been the best course of action.]

Having stood witness over the entire affair, the words of the dwarf―― of Ezzo Cadner, served as no consolation to Subaru’s heart whatsoever, just as he had said.

Was there really no other way to settle things without anyone getting hurt?

???: [Captain, my amazin’ self doesn’t really get it. ‘S just, ‘s just…!  Even tho’ I don’t understand anythin’, my amazin’ self can just say this…! I’m so happy you’re safe, Captain!]

Just like Ezzo, tasked with monitoring the situation, the one who was like a younger brother to him expressed his feelings of frustration as he embraced Subaru’s shoulders with his burly arms and straightforward words.

And, he was not the only one nestling close to Subaru,

Beatrice: [Subaru, you made a decision, I suppose… Even though Betty could have taken it all on for you, you still got yourself hurt like a fool, in fact.]

Subaru: [Beatrice…]

Beatrice: [But, Betty and Subaru performed that forbidden art together, I suppose. Subaru prepared the technique, Betty formulated the spell, Subaru performed the incantation, and Betty passed the Mana through. Hence, Betty will take on half, in fact. It would be unfair for you to carry too much on your back, I suppose.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

With his teeth clenched firmly, what Subaru tightly clutched in his right hand, so tight that his fingers did not seem like they would ever open up, was a black orb that his own inadequacy had left him with no choice but to enact.

――With no other means to stop him, it was the magic orb in which he had imprisoned Al.

Subaru: [――Sorry. There’s somewhere… I need to go.]

Deep within his chest, feeling a sensation as if all the organs in his body were trembling, Subaru got up from his knees, and slowly exited the Library of Taygeta.

Holding hands with Beatrice, and accompanied by the worried Garfiel and Ezzo, Subaru reprimanded his legs that were on the verge of collapsing, proceeding down the corridor until he reached the room he had set out for.

Then――,

???: [O~h? Onii-san, what’s the ma~tter? How’s the search in the library~?]

Seeing Subaru as he appeared in the entrance, both Meili, resting on a barrel in a corner of the room, and the small crimson scorpion, seated on her hair, inclined their heads in unison.

The sight of her safe and sound, acting in her usual cheeky manner, was something that struck his heart, but more than that――,

???: [――Subaru, what’s the matter? Did you forget something?]

Hearing Meili’s voice, the girl who had been facing the other way turned to his direction. Cleaning up the pot she had used to make their dinner, she blinked her round eyes as they reflected Subaru.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Laying his eyes upon that girl, Subaru’s body and soul reflexively tensed up.

After seeming a bit puzzled for a moment, she immediately stretched out her folded legs and asked “Subaru?”. Then, facing Subaru directly as he walked forward with unsteady, tottering steps,

Girl: [Beatrice-chan, did something happen? For some reason, Subaru is…]

Beatrice: [Something did happen, I suppose. But, Betty shall not say what, in fact… Merely, it seems like he has an overwhelming urge to see Petra right now, I suppose.]

Girl: [Me?]

Confused, the girl―― Petra, wore a look of surprise at Beatrice’s answer. Seeing those abundant changes in facial expression up close, the tension in Subaru’s cheeks slowly dissipated.

As Meili sighed a meaningful “Hm~mm?” behind him, Subaru gazed at Petra head-on, and after a moment of hesitation,

Subaru: [Petra, this is gonna sound strange, but… can I hug you?]

Petra: [――. Well, you can hug me without even needing to ask. Ah, actually, you shouldn’t do that. Just thinking about it makes my heart pound and seem like it’s going to bur―― st.]

As Petra smiled mischievously, before she could finish giving her gentle reply, Subaru reached his arms out and pulled her body close, embracing her within his chest.

Petra: [Um, uhh…]

At the sudden embrace, Petra could not hide her confusion. For a girl who, before he had even realized, was rapidly gaining nerves of steel, becoming better and better at not being shaken by anything, this was a clear discomposure to the point of being unusual.

But, there was not a single person here who would make fun of that fact.

After all――,

Petra: [Hey, Subaru, are you okay?]

A hand reached out from within his chest, softly caressing Subaru’s cheek.

At the question of the girl right before his eyes, so close that they could feel each other’s breaths, a distance where even the beating of their hearts collided, Subaru swallowed his breath, and forced a smile.

Subaru: [Of course――]

I’m okay. After all, he had to have been. After all, Petra was here, doing so well like this.

And it was not just Petra. Beatrice, Garfiel, Meili, Ezzo, and Flam; they were all unharmed. Everyone in the Tower, everyone who did not come to the Tower; they were all safe.

Everything bad that had transpired, all of it had been made to have never happened.

Of course, it was not as though he knew everything that had occurred, and he also knew that not all of it had been bad.

There had been confrontation and reconciliation, there had been betrayal and fellowship, there had been curses and vows, there had been hatred and love―― there had been Aldebaran and Natsuki Subaru.

Subaru: [――Maybe, I’m not okay.]

While embracing Petra, he caught a glimpse of the magic orb still clenched in his hand, spilling that murmur.

Then, the feeble sound that had escaped his lips as a murmur, did not end as merely a stilted voice. Little by little, his feelings morphed into tears, flowing out from the corners of his eyes.

Subaru: [――No.]

By puffing out his chest and declaring that he was okay, he had wished to repay Petra and the others, who had deemed it acceptable to force Subaru’s Return by Death, undoing many irreversible things in exchange for a world left behind.

He could not bring himself to do it. In sorrow and lament, with his own pathetic inadequacy, he could not puff out his chest.

Subaru: [I’m not, okay… hk.]

To Petra, who had offered up so much as compensation; to Rem, who ought to have regained everything; to Emilia, who never gave up on trying to converse with Al up to the bitter end; to Beatrice, who had deciphered the mechanisms of the forbidden art while sealed together with him, giving Subaru a trump card when he Returned by Death; to all the people who had participated in that battle, both those who Subaru knew and those who he did not; to absolutely everyone.

And finally, to Al, whom he had failed to get the chance to properly talk to――,

Subaru: [I’m sor――]

Petra: [――Subaru!!]

Suddenly, a sharp, loud voice cut off the apology he had been on the cusp of vocalizing.

It was the voice of Petra, looking up at Subaru from within his chest after having held her tongue. When he noticed that her round eyes were flickering with a storm of emotion, tears began to stream down Subaru’s face, and as she caressed it with her hands,

Petra: [You finally said it. You finally said that you aren’t okay.]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Petra: [There’s no need to be so afraid. You don’t have to carry everything on your own. Right, Beatrice-chan?]

Beatrice: […A matter of course, in fact. Betty is Subaru’s partner , I suppose.]

Encouraged by Petra, Beatrice tightly hugged Subaru’s body. As Subaru was bewildered by the warmth of the two girls, Petra continued to smile,

Petra: [Meili-chan.]

Meili: [Ehh? I’d rather no~t. Petra-chan and Beatrice-chan should be enough…]

Petra: [Meili-chan.]

Meili: […Fi~ne.]

Hopping down from the barrel, Meili walked up next to Subaru with a sulky face while emitting an air of half-heartedness, lightly tugging on the hem of his clothes. As if in place of its master, the small crimson scorpion leapt off of her hair and onto Subaru’s shoulder, nestling its body close to his cheek.

Petra: [Garf-san.]

Garfiel: [Yeah! Captain!]

Subaru: [Gwohh!?]

A huge amount of force crashed into his back as if it had been waiting, causing him to reflexively raise a cry of pain. Desperately holding his ground to avoid tipping over and crushing Petra, he endured it. He had endured it, but――,

Petra: [Ezzo-san, Flam-chan, will you join us as well?]

Ezzo: [I am an outsider, so I shall refrain. Still, I stand by Natsuki-dono.]

Flam: [I only just arrived here, and have yet to fully process the situation, but… understood.]

The presence that only arrived later, without hesitation, nestled close near his right hip.

Now, in every direction, he was being completely embraced without any escape―― swarmed by such warmth, Subaru unwittingly exhaled a “Hah”.

Subaru: [What’s up with this?]

From an outside perspective―― in reality, Ezzo was looking on as a bystander, so from his perspective, just how foolish must Subaru and the others have looked in their current state?

With everyone all clumped together like this, it must have looked stupid.

Petra: [It’s fine. After all, the one who told me that I’m an idiot was none other than Subaru.]

Subaru: [Did I really say such a thing?]

Petra: [You did.]

Subaru: […Among all the people I know, there’s probably not a single person smarter than you, Petra.]

He truly believed that. Surely, that was the case. And so, it was obvious to her, clever as she was. Amazing. This was what it truly meant to be wise. There was a big difference from someone like Abel, who was just a clever idiot.

Subaru: [I’ve decided.]

His face was still covered in tears, he was still stuck in place being embraced by everyone’s kindness from all directions, and he had just admitted that he was not okay in the slightest, but he had made up his mind.

Subaru: [Al, it seems like you hated me so much that you could never forgive me, but…]

He did not know the true reason behind that. Only, he would not let things end without finding out.

So much had been on the verge of ending, but thanks to the determination of so many people, unwilling to allow that ending, it had been averted; hence, although he was not okay whatsoever, Natsuki Subaru had decided.

That was――,

Subaru: [――I, no matter what, will definitely save you too.]

Even if he had committed abhorrent deeds that would have made him the enemy of the world, everything, both the good and the bad, had been made to have never happened by means of Return by Death; thus, that was Natsuki Subaru’s vow.

And, hearing that vow of Natsuki Subaru’s, Petra Leyte gave a satisfied nod,

Petra: [That’s my Subaru.]

――Indeed, the girl, who had not become the Witch of Tristitia, smiled.

--- Interlude: Cheer ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine-Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese-English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Right from the very beginning, there was only ever one ending that the Witch of Tristitia, Petra Leyte, had needed to aim for, strive towards, and ultimately arrive at.

That was from before she had ever become the Witch of Tristitia, from back when Petra Leyte, a mere village girl, had ended up reading the outrageous artifact that was Natsuki Subaru’s Book of the Dead.

From back when she had first learned that Natsuki Subaru, in exchange for his own Death, had been fighting in a constant struggle in order to alter the fates of countless people.

From back when she had fallen in love with Natsuki Subaru through their ordinary, quiet days together, discovering what brought him joy, what made him grieve, and what caused him to feel happiness and sorrow.

――Taking all those varied reasons, gathering them together, bundling them up, and collecting them all into one, she had made her decision.

Petra: [Because no matter what, Subaru still wants to do something about Al-san, right?]

Honestly, from Petra’s point of view, it was an unthinkable idea.

If one were to count up all the things Al had done on their fingers, not even all the digits on their hands and feet would be enough to list everything, so they would need to go as far as using the Unseen Hand to enumerate the rest of what the hands and feet had been unable to.

To that extent, Al had done enough irreversible things to fill a mountain. ――But even so, she did not believe that, at heart, Al was a heinous villain who had done all of that while scorning everything.

Petra: [I wonder, is this the influence of being corrupted by Subaru’s Book…?]

It might not have been her place to say it, but Petra was a realist, and the extent of what she could handle was limited. Rather than just limited, it was more accurate to say she deliberately kept it limited.

After all, if she were to use her abilities to their fullest extent, her vessel would have been capable of carrying an extraordinary amount of things, a fact which Petra took great pride in. She would not feel ashamed of that.

However, using her vessel to its limits, she did not believe that she would be able to treasure everything that she could cram into it.

And yet――,

Petra: [Subaru’s greediness…]

But, that’s what I like about him. ――That’s wrong. It’s part of what I like about him.

And so, because that Natsuki Subaru could not be changed, Petra Leyte would do it.

It was a painful decision, one that seemed to cut deep into her, as if mercilessly ripping her heart to shreds.

――By making Natsuki Subaru Return by Death, she would reset everything that had happened.

From the moment she had made the decision to leave the Pleiades Watchtower and journey alongside the Imaginary Subaru, Petra Leyte had been forging ahead towards that ending.

She had firmly insisted on becoming the holder of the Witch Factor of Tristitia, taking it upon herself to pay most of the compensation, save a few small exceptions, that came with wielding the Authority. She had not spared any card she could play in the negotiations, and provided all of the information she could share, thereby plotting the course for the Aldebusters.

Petra: [If me reading the Book is what caused the Witch of Envy to go on a rampage―― then, I’ll be able to use that too, right?]

Ever since the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, had been released from the Prison Tower, and the effects of his Authority became clear to her, a certain suspicion had sprouted within Petra. ――Having read the Book of the Dead, if Petra were to be dispossessed of her Memories, just what verdict might the Witch of Envy pass?

Then, she also wondered if this was perhaps the very strategy Al had aimed to use in order to make the Witch of Envy withdraw, since he had claimed to have no intention of destroying the world.

Hence, when Roy Alphard had been defeated by the combined might of the Aldebusters, while he was tied up and barely clinging onto life, she had made a promise with him.

Petra: [If you want to eat me, I’ll give you a chance .]

Of course, this was a promise she intended to break without remorse if he had not been willing to keep it.

Corrupted by Natsuki Subaru, Petra had become an outlaw who bore no reservations whatsoever about breaking the promises she had made with people she disliked.

Moreover, in preparation for when that unlikely event came to pass, she had secured a reliable ally.

Petra: [Rem-neesama, is truly amazing.]

With sincerity, even when setting aside the tremendous bias from Natsuki Subaru’s influence, she believed this.

Rem had uncovered Subaru’s Return by Death―― back then, it was “Turning Back Time”, but even if the impetus for that was Rom-jii explaining the true nature of Al’s Authority, she had pieced it together on her own.

On her own, Rem had come to the realization that Natsuki Subaru was a person who had always continued to fight by sacrificing his own life. ――Though the thought of that had made her happy, she also felt devastated.

Petra: [But, that’s why I can entrust it to Rem-neesama… No, I can’t entrust it to anybody but Rem-neesama.]

No matter how many wonderful things happened along the way, no matter how many unrelinquishable feelings she gained, Petra Leyte had resolved herself to overturn everything, and make it so that none of it had ever happened.

And true to that, even Rem, who had at long last regained her Name and Memories, and had thus truly returned home to them all, would be erased and disappear.

Knowing that full well, and still determined to go through with it, Petra had an obligation to get Rem involved.

They were kindred souls that knew they were going to be erased, who in spite of that, were fellow women that, from the bottom of their hearts, wished for the person they loved most to not lose even a single thing.

She could have only ever entrusted this to someone who truly believed that there was no other way, one who was willing to give up everything for love.

Such a terrible thing could have never been entrusted to someone who, if they believed a better solution might exist somewhere, would relentlessly search for it until the very last moment.

That was why Petra and Rem were the ones who would carry this through.

Petra: [Subaru, Emilia-neesama, I know you must be so tired. I’m sorry. But I’m going to wind up being a burden too. I’m sorry. All the thanks I’d wanted to say could never be enough…]

Thank you, thank you in the truest sense of the word: that is what she had wished to convey.

Knowing everything that she had done from having read the Book of the Dead, Petra Leyte had wished to assist both Emilia, who was walking down a thorny path, and Natsuki Subaru, who had chosen to work himself to the bone in order to support her.

That would not come true. No matter how hard she tried, Petra Leyte would always be a mere village girl who knew absolutely nothing at all.

That would be frustrating, it would be miserable, and no matter how many times she would say “thank you” or “sorry”, it would never be enough.

Even so――,

Petra: […I wonder, did I really do everything I could?]

Given the constraints in her situation, had she not done the absolute extent of what she was capable of?

Al had prepared an all-star lineup to ensure he would not lose, and yet she had only been granted a single chance of trial and error in order to overcome him; there were limits to how unfair it could be.

But she had done it. She had pulled it off. Though she had been a little taken aback when Otto, stripped of his memories, had joined the fray midway, but everything, every single bit, had been thanks to everyone joining together.

Petra: [Hehe, I’m pretty amazing, aren’t I? Think you’re going to fall for me now?]

???: [――. Yeah. Seems like I might.]

Slightly inclining her head, she greeted him with the cutest face she could put on.

At Petra’s adorable gesture and question, the Imaginary Subaru blushed in a shy manner. Was this just a deception that Petra had wanted him to say? Or, was it genuine enough that even the real him would actually say it?

Petra: [Well, since I’m about to disappear, I might as well interpret it in the way that’s most convenient for me.]

She gently reached out, placing her hand over his intangible one, entwining their fingers. A phantasmal perk to this degree, could surely be allowed. She had worked so hard, after all.

“Subaru”: [By the way, can I ask you something? I mean, it’s kind of weird for me to be asking, considering my position.]

Petra: [Hmm~? What is it?]

“Subaru”: [Even before Clind-san passed the Witch Factor down to you, just one time, Petra, you paid some compensation for the traversal… but you never told me what it was, did you? I’ve just been wondering what it could have been.]

Petra: [Since I didn’t tell you, why not just leave it at that?]

“Subaru”: [Don’t be so cruel!]

Even his pathetic expression looked cute, so Petra let out a small chuckle.

But as expected, imaginary or not, Subaru was still Subaru. Even if he was a resident of her mind, he would not take liberties with what Petra had kept hidden from him, those things which she did not wish for him to see or know.

Relieved by that, Petra stuck out her tongue in a playful manner and,

Petra: [It’s~a~secret!]

That made the Imaginary Subaru put on a sullen look, but Petra wanted to keep it a secret.

It should be fine to have at least one maiden’s secret that she would not show even to the Imaginary Subaru. And besides, this particular maiden’s secret had just a touch of girlish cunning.

Back then, to Clind, Petra had offered a certain possibility of hers as compensation.

That was――,

Petra: [――The possibility of me becoming Subaru’s bride.]

The surprise on Clind’s face when he learned of Petra’s resolve had been truly remarkable.

Bearing a weighty history as a dragonkin, the eyes with which Clind had looked upon Petra as she sacrificed that potentiality of hers, contained a reaction overcome with such deep emotion that she would never be able to forget it.

That was precisely why she had felt so apologetic. ――After all, it was that compensation that had convinced Petra.

Petra: [If I could offer that as compensation, then the possibility of that future truly does exist for me.]

Considering the abilities of the Witch Factor of Tristitia, it would be more accurate to say that Petra had offered up part of her ability to exert influence over the world, specifically, “the various efforts she would have needed to make in order to secure a future in which she married Subaru”.

But, such details meant nothing to Petra at that moment.

What mattered was to believe in a future in which Petra Leyte would become Natsuki Subaru’s bride.

And that had been proven by none other than a Witch Factor, something that made contact with the very core of the world.

Because she had that evidence, she had resolved herself to see it through, and had thus been able to make it all the way to the end.

That was why――,

Petra: [Do your best, me. ――Whether or not I seize this chance , depends entirely on how hard I try!]

From the village girl who had become the Witch of Tristitia, utilizing even a Witch Factor for the sake of her own happiness, that was an earnest cheer directed toward her future self, one who would never become the Witch of Tristitia.

――It was the heavy-hearted cheer of love from a tough and determined girl from another world.

--- Curtain’s Close: Reweave ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

TL Note: The original title of this chapter is “Reweave” written in English.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Machine-Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese-English Checking by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

While looking at the servants of the Barielle Residence work from afar, Frederica felt a sense of restlessness beyond her control.

Frederica: [I am used to being treated as a guest when traveling with the Master, but… it is a bit unusual with how things are in this mansion, especially with the current state of things.]

Reflected within the gaze of Frederica’s emerald eyes as she said this, was the hectic atmosphere of the mansion.

Swift and well-led, it was clear to see that the staff were a team of extremely capable people, managed by efficient leadership. Even when they became aware of the terrible news brought by Frederica and the others, they did not fall into dysfunction. ――That alone was worthy of admiration.

Frederica: [Priscilla-sama, it seems she was truly adored by everyone here.]

The tragic news the servants were informed of―― the notice that the head of this mansion, their mistress, Priscilla Barielle, had lost her life in the Vollachian Empire.

Frederica: [――――]

Letting out a heavy sigh, Frederica cast her hazy eyes downwards, as she observed the garden from the balcony.

Frederica, due to her position, knew how it must have felt to have those she served, such as Roswaal and Emilia, to leave her behind at the mansion and to have no other option to pray for their safe return. If she found out at that time that her prayers had not been delivered, just how devastating a blow to her heart would that be?

In truth, many of the servants were grief-stricken, and many of them were shedding tears. When they became aware of her death, not a single person had left the duty in the mansion, which could only be seen as a testament of their relationship with Priscilla.

But, it was not just due to Priscilla being loved by everyone――,

Frederica: [――I believe that Schult-sama’s resolute demeanor touched everyone’s heart, too.]

Frederica was deeply moved by the young servant, who had accompanied Priscilla to the Empire, and with her death, had to bear the responsibility of conveying her dying will, a task that he had accomplished splendidly.

Schult looked as undependable and skinny as a small animal, however, he did not entrust the unenviable duty to Frederica and Roswaal, and instead used his own mouth and words to accomplish this great task.

Though the servants had not left the mansion and chose to stay in their current jobs due to their adoration for Priscilla, there was no doubt that their faith in Schult had been another large contributor. Whilst being an outsider, Frederica wholeheartedly agreed and could not bear the heat that prickled at the corner of her eyes.

Then――,

???: [――Oya, here you are, Frederica. I’ve been searchiiing~ for you.]

Frederica: [Master…]

Raising his hand slightly, the tall figure stepped onto the balcony―― Roswaal greeted her, as Frederica bent her knees and gave a small curtsy.

Frederica: [For making you search for me, I humbly apologize. What business do you need me to attend to?]

Roswaal: [Business, I wouldn’t go so far as to call it something like that buuut~. The preparations are nearly completed, so I just wanted to speak with you for a moment.]

Frederica: [Preparations…]

Roswaal: [Yes, the preparaaations~.]

Roswaal smiled faintly, leaving one eye closed―― his yellow eye, a mismatch to his right eye, was left open, as he stood beside Frederica on the balcony and leaned against the railing.

Roswaal: [There’s quite a lot of land that’s worth the effort. I don’t have many acquaintances in the South. Priscilla-sama’s late husband Lord Leip Barielle was nooot~ a man that left behind a good reputation.]

Frederica: [For the Master to say that, he certainly must have been quite an unpleasant person.]

Roswaal: [Oya, how harsh. Has Petra-kun also poisoned you and made you lose your obedience to meee~? Or maybe――]

Roswaal tilted his head, and as he looked into the eyes of Frederica beside him,

Roswaal: [――You don’t like my plan to use Schult-kun, do you?]

Frederica: […I do not think that what you are doing is wrong, Master. Also that it is for the Royal Selection… and by extension, ultimately for the sake of Emilia-sama and her Camp.]

Roswaal: [Though easy in theory, it’s not easy to convince the heart is iiit~?]

Understanding this yet still saying it, Roswaal’s crooked personality was unassailable. If Emilia were here to speak, she would probably say that it was just a sign of his mischievous side and that he deserved a proper scolding for it.

Frederica: [With my relationship with the Master, it is very difficult, Emilia-sama…]

If Emilia or Petra were here they would attack using a straightforward approach, if Ram were here she would use unorthodox methods to make Roswaal reflect, but perhaps because he had anticipated this, Frederica was here by her lonesome.

Frederica, even omitting the debt of gratitude she bore which could not be repaid, knew that when it came to Roswaal’s actions, despite his evil ways, he worked for the sake of the camp.

――The goal that unified the Emilia Camp was ultimately that of the Royal Selection.

In the Royal Selection, the time they spent in the Vollachian Empire had made them fall behind. Even without this Emilia had been lagging behind since the start. If they wanted to catch up, if they wanted to gain some momentum, then they could not rely solely on conventional means.

Towards that end goal, to gain the support of the Barielle Domain which had lost its absolute pillar that was Priscilla Barielle, Roswaal moved forward with devoted and dispassionate maneuvers behind the scenes.

Roswaal: [Since Priscilla-sama has died, and the next fief’s lord has yet to be elected, an acting provisional governor will be appointed. Fortunately, I can produce a candidate from my associates. I would just have to appoint one of the Ryuzu-donos ――someone from the Meyers as a liaison.]

Frederica: [Grandmas, is it not premature to get them involved?]

Roswaal: [Spare the rod and spoil the child, isn’t that what they say? If you continue to gallantly keep them locked away in a birdcage, they will never have the chance to learn to spread their wings. I also agree with youuu~ though.]

As Roswaal steadily and dispassionately filled in the holes in his plan, Frederica doubted if Emilia’s criticisms of Roswaal were true, if his evil actions were just a pretense or if he truly was as much of a villain as he appeared to be.

Perhaps, since he could flawlessly devote himself to being the villain, he was not able to properly open up his heart to his fellow camp members. He was too diligent.

Frederica: [Master, at least show a bit more consideration――]

And, just as she was about to point this out, and not let this misunderstanding sow great doubts in not just the camp, but also the Barielle Domain, and in Schult’s heart, a voice interrupted her.

???: [――T-th-th-thi-thi-thi-this is very much terrible! Margrave-sama, where might you very much be!?]

Frederica: [What is it, Schult-sama?]

Abruptly, Schult’s panicked voice could clearly be heard from below, causing Frederica and Roswaal to exchange glances with each other. Roswaal raised his eyebrows as he also seemed to have no idea what was happening, so the Master pushed away from the railing and looked down, raising his voice to yell out “Schult-kun” as Schult ran into the garden down below.

Then, once Schult had been called, he opened his eyes wide and raised his voice,

Schult: [Margrave-sama! You very much must come down immediately! Someone claims they very much need to see you, that they have to report something to you!]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――That which you are now viewing, is the will left behind by the late Madam.]

Saying this, the contents of the sealed letter were revealed by a girl of crimson hair―― a maid who introduced herself as Yae Tenzen, whose words caused Roswaal to widen his eyes in shock, motionless.

Roswaal: [――――]

Up until this point it had been unusual to see her master display his discomposure so openly, but that reaction was only natural. Having ascertained the same contents, Frederica, and all other parties present were struck with astonishment.

Above everyone else, as the central figure addressed by the written contents of that letter, Schult experienced the greatest shock.

The contents of the letter were――,

Yae: [――The head of House Barielle, Priscilla Barielle, hereby declares that when it comes time for her official successor to be determined, the following personage, Schult, is to have his name altered to Schult Barielle, and he is to be ushered in as the legitimate son, and rightful heir to House Barielle.]

Schult: [Priscilla-sama, me…?]

Schult blinked at the unforeseen event, his face seemingly unsure if this was a dream or reality.

However, placing her hands on Schult’s shoulders from behind, Yae, who had revealed the location of the letter, smiled and said “You’re getting way too surprised” as she rubbed her cheeks against his.

Yae: [Considering how much the Madam doted on Schult-chan, doesn’t this totally make sense? ――Though in truth, I think she had intended to keep it hidden during the Royal Selection.]

Schult: [Yae-sama… Yae-sama, how long have you known about this? You left the mansion so many months ago, and I am very much glad you are finally home, but…]

Yae: [――. I found out just before Schult-chan and the Madam left for the Empire. After all, it was around that time when she had prepared the letter.]

At Yae’s quiet answer, large tears began to well up in Schult’s eyes.

If one were to ask, they would discover that Yae was a maid who had previously worked at the mansion and had been on leave for quite a while, but upon receiving news of Priscilla’s passing, she had come rushing here.

As one could see, Yae seemed to be quite close with Schult, and it also appeared that Priscilla had held great confidence in her, entrusting her to guard the important letter she had left behind.

The revelations that came forth as a result of all that were a great disruption to Roswaal’s plans――,

Frederica: [――However, thinking of Schult-sama, it might be for the best.]

Roswaal: […Frederica?]

Frederica: [It might be a bit different from what you had in mind, Master, but… for Schult-sama, and the spirits of everyone in the mansion, it will surely be a salvation. ――Truly, she was an incredible individual.]

Despite having been a Royal Candidate and an adversary of Emilia, Frederica had had little contact with Priscilla, however she could only describe her as an incredible person.

After all――,

Frederica: [To derail your schemes to such an extent, Master, without a doubt, she must have been a worthy adversary to Emilia-sama, correct?]

△▼△▼△▼△

Yae: [――――]

Embracing Schult from behind as his small body trembled, looking over the letter that had been left behind once again, Yae breathed a sigh in response to her own decision to return to the Barielle Mansion.

――All of her judgments had been for the sake of helping Al accomplish the objective he was aiming for.

Yae: [The fact that he didn’t give the signal, means that his plan at the Tower must’ve failed~.]

Originally, Yae was supposed to converge with Al at the nearest town as he set course for the Pleiades Watchtower, and by helping him accomplish some duty that he had no choice but to fulfill, the promise had been that she would then ascertain his last moments as his life came to naught.

However, without any signal given at the established time, Yae judged that Al’s plan had failed, and withdrew from the nearby town―― straight from there, she made her return to the Barielle Mansion.

Yae: [For me to be openly returning to the mansion like this, is it the first time since Al-sama prevented me from assassinating the Madam?]

But then again, in the cases when it was not out in the open, she had visited the mansion rather frequently in order to maintain communications with Al. ――The letter she had used as a pretext to return to the mansion, too, was information she had obtained on one of those non-overt occasions, while she had concealed herself in the roof.

Though, to Schult, and to the nasty aristocrat―― Roswaal L. Mathers, who had attempted to prey on him alongside his maid, she had pretended it was a letter entrusted to her by Priscilla.

Yae: [In reality, I just caught a glimpse as the Madam prepared and stored it away in a secret safe.]

Thanks to the fact that the letter had been stored within a secret safe, its whereabouts had been revealed to her without anybody else learning of its existence, lending credence to the notion that Yae had simply been entrusted with the secret. For that reason, she felt a little guilty capitalizing on Priscilla’s death, but――,

Yae: [――But, Madam, were you truly not aware that I had been watching?]

In all honesty, even Yae could not find a clear answer to that mystery.

Priscilla had prepared the letter to officially adopt Schult just before venturing to the Empire, storing it in the safe at around the same time, but regardless of having been Yae’s master for a period of time, her perception was not to be made light of. That fierce woman of character, possessing eyes that seemed to peer into the hearts of others, had she truly believed that Yae had not been present?

???: [――Utilize this letter skillfully, and have it serve your own interests. Take the opportunity to save Schult as well.]

Perhaps it was with such an arrangement in mind that Priscilla had hidden that letter in a secret safe, one that nobody, save for Yae, having concealed herself in the roof, would have been capable of finding without turning the mansion inside out.

Either way――,

Yae: [I shall do so, Madam. ――I must wait for Al-sama, after all.]

Choosing to take advantage of Priscilla’s kindness, Yae had returned to the mansion for that purpose.

As mentioned previously, Al had not given the signal to go ahead with the plan; likely, he had failed at the Watchtower, and the plan had fallen into a state where it would be difficult to carry out. But, Al would not die. He was alive.

Yae: [After all, Al-sama is a monster.]

Al would not die, he could not be killed. Because he was such a monster, Yae obeyed him.

It was all in order to ascertain that he fulfilled his objective, and died in satisfaction; to ascertain the disappearance of the being who had taught her dread. ――For that purpose, she would keep Schult at a distance from the Emilia Camp.

If something had happened to Al, the Emilia Camp, who had accompanied him to the Watchtower, would have been involved. She had no choice but to prepare for when he broke free, remaining in a location where mobilization was possible at any time.

Hence――,

Yae: [Schult-chan, let’s carry on the Madam’s wishes together. It’s alright. After all, from now on, I’ll also return to the mansion, and help you however I can, Schult-chan.]

Schult: [Yae-sama… yes. Yes, of course…! I will very much try to live up to Priscilla-sama’s expectations! I very much wish for Yae-sama to help me with that!]

At the determination of the upfront and adorable Schult―― no, of the boy who had become Schult Barielle, Yae showed an exaggerated look of delight in her eyes, and the other servants were deeply moved to the point of tears. The maid accompanying Roswaal also wiped a tear from the corner of her eye, touched by his courageousness.

The Margrave was making an indistinct expression, as if his expectations had been off the mark, but taking that as proof that Priscilla had still managed to exceed someone’s expectations post-mortem, it was quite satisfying.

Indeed, Priscilla had been a worthwhile master to serve. ――That alone, was the truth.

Schult: [I’ll very much do my best! After all, when Al-sama and Heinkel-sama finally return, I very much wish to present them with an admirable appearance!]

But, as Schult got red in the face with such enthusiasm, Yae hesitated on how to respond.

Al’s return was something that Yae was also awaiting.

But, when it came to Heinkel――,

Yae: […For Heinkel-sama to return, it might be a little bit difficult~.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Heinkel: [――Gwoaahhh-!!]

Crashing to the ground following a feeling of suspension, Heinkel raised a deep shout.

After groaning for a bit, he slowly moved his limbs around, undoing his restraints. Gaining freedom from the fine threads that had bound his wrists and ankles, he grasped a sense of liberty for the first time in a while――,

Heinkel: [Piece of shit…!]

In a manner most loathsome, he spat out words as if to curse the misfortune that had befallen him.

――The one who had tied Heinkel up, leaving him in a small hut in a forest that nobody would visit, was a girl named Yae who had declared herself to be one of Aldebaran’s accomplices.

There was some incomprehensible history about her being a former maid who served Priscilla while simultaneously being an assassin sent to kill her, and she had tempted Heinkel, saying that if he helped Aldebaran, he would get the chance to obtain that which he desired most―― the Dragon’s Blood. She had tempted him, and yet.

Heinkel: [Gotta be fucking kidding me, saying the plan failed the moment there was no contact from that Aldebaran guy…]

In the end, as Heinkel sought explanations and the continuance of the plan, she mercilessly kicked in his knees and elbowed him, tying him up as he bled from the nose, before promptly disappearing on her own.

From Heinkel’s perspective, he had done nothing to deserve being left hanging like this.

Heinkel: [Each, and every, one of them… hk.]

Upon the death of Priscilla, whom he had been counting on, he turned to Emilia as his next recourse, only to be rejected, and when he reached out to grasp the hand Aldebaran had offered him, the hand shook him off, casting him down into Hell.

As a result, Heinkel’s prospects had circled back to the dead end they had been at before the start of the Royal Selection.

Heinkel: [But, even so…]

He could not give up. He could not bring himself to give up. Not once had he ever been able to give up.

Heinkel: [――SHIT!!]

Shakily standing back up, he wiped his dried nosebleed on his sleeve, and began to walk. He knew not where those legs would take him, but even without a destination, he could not bear to halt his tracks.

――After all, Heinkel Astrea was a husband, and a father.

Heinkel: [Just you wait, Louanna, Reinhard. I’m… I’ll…]

Falteringly dragging his feet along, with his hand placed on the hilt of the sword hanging by his waist, Heinkel pressed forth.

He had no destination. ――All he had were his prayers, worn out and rusted over after many long years of endurance.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [――In the end, I’m sorry about all this commotion, Ezzo-san.]

Ezzo: [No, it was unavoidable. I also understand that your circumstances have changed. For now, I shall remain here until other personnel arrive as a replacement, but if necessary, I can always provide a testimony.]

Subaru: [That’d be a huge help… Truly.]

Speaking these words softly, Subaru bowed his head to Ezzo’s gentlemanly reception.

The location was the fifth floor of the Pleiades Watchtower, the expansive area just before the grand gate. There, Subaru―― no, Subaru’s group had completed their preparations to disembark once again, seeking to depart from the Tower as soon as possible.

After a meager half-day sojourn, it was an early morning departure awaiting the dawn outside the Tower.

Meili: [It seems a little like you guys are always in such a ru~sh, Onii-san. I wonder, couldn’t we return from the Tower a bit more qui~etly?]

Beatrice: [You can say that again, I suppose. Last time, he was sent to the Empire, and this time, it’s such an abrupt roundtrip, in fact.]

Petra: [That isn’t Subaru’s fault. The one who’s to blame for everything is Al-san… geez, what are we even going to say to Schult-kun… Stupid Al-san.]

Quietly exchanging those final comments, were the girls of the returning group.

Naturally, each of them had their own reservations about things having turned out like this. About this mere half-day sojourn, about the situation of them needing to hastily depart, and about the one who had caused those circumstances.

Only, for Subaru, it was painful that the person who had caused it kept receiving blame.

Garfiel: [Captain, I’ve gone ‘n loaded all the luggage into th’ dragon carriage. We can get goin’ whenever.]

Thereupon, slightly opening the grand gate, Garfiel returned from outside and called out. Having gone a step ahead by loading up the dragon carriage with all of their belongings, he knitted his brow at Subaru, who had raised his hand.

Garfiel: [Yer mug is lookin’ real stingy, Captain. Tho’, I get that you’re frettin’, same like “Rauraji’s Deep-Cut Nail”.]

Subaru: [Mm, I know that you’re trying to encourage me, but I don’t really get it. Deep-cut nail? Rauraji?]

Garfiel: [It don’t really matter! Ya can’t change somethin’ once it’s happened. ‘N so, it’s a matter of what ya can do from here on out, yeah? My amazin’ self’ll help ya in any way I can.]

Flashing his fangs, Garfiel vigorously clapped Subaru on the shoulder.

Under that force, Subaru thought his frail shoulders might shatter, but those sentiments filled him with joy a hundred times greater. Besides, it was as Garfiel had said―― what mattered was what he had decided to do from this point forward.

Subaru: [――I’m going to find out. Just what exactly it is that I’ve decided to carry.]

With those words, Subaru placed his hand over his chest―― touching the magic orb hanging around his neck, he declared his resolve.

――When Subaru and Beatrice had been sealed in a magic sphere similar to this one, it was not as though he had clear knowledge of all the details concerning the massive, colossal battle that Al had incited.

Subaru: [――――]

The interior of the magic orb had been dark, difficult to maneuver inside, and kept him in a dream-like state of mind that made it unclear whether he was conscious or not, as if he had returned to being a fetus submerged in the amniotic fluid of his mother’s womb.

Inside, Subaru’s sense of what was reality or dream was hazy, leaving him unable to say anything for certain. As expected of the adorable Beatrice, she had admirably devoted herself to reverse-engineering the technique behind the forbidden art that had sealed them, but the only thing Subaru could do when he found himself in a state of being consciously aware, was to invoke the Authority of Greed―― Cor Leonis, to gather the presences of his nearby allies, and perceive the intense changes in their emotions.

Even so, thanks to the reiteration of longing, desperation, and violent fluctuations in the powerful emotions of his allies, he had been able to perceive the shifts in the extraordinary circumstances through his soul.

Particularly distinctive were the intense hues of resolve and determination within Petra, and the monolithic swell of emotions that Rem harbored towards Subaru. ――Due to having received those, Subaru expressed his intent to depart the Tower in the early hours of the morning with utmost conviction.

Originally, their purpose for visiting the Pleiades Watchtower had been for the sake of Al, so upon finding out that it had just been a pretext from him, any reason to remain there was lost; but, not only that――,

Petra: [――There’s a way for the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony to properly throw up the things he’s eaten, right?]

Subaru: [Yeah. And present within, are the people who’ve been devoured until now… including Rem’s Name and Memories.]

In response to the words of Petra, who had likely gotten the best use out of the Authority of Gluttony in her strategy during the loop before he had Returned by Death, Subaru gave a deep nod.

In that moment, without even the chance for words to be exchanged, Rem, with eyes which seemed to comprehend it all, had driven her Morningstar into Subaru. ――Splendidly wielding the spiked iron ball that Subaru had kept polished every day, she had certainly regained her sense of self. Beyond any shadow of a doubt, that was the result of Gluttony’s involvement.

That was the conviction he held, and furthermore, Gluttony had already been apprehended. There existed no reason to not thoroughly pressure him, and force him to vomit up everything that had been eaten.

And so, for the sake of those direct negotiations as well――,

Subaru: [――Let’s get going, off to the nostalgic Royal Capital! We’ll confront Gluttony, and make him hurl everything up! And besides, it seems like I can’t keep remaining indifferent to the history of the Kingdom, and to the history of this world, for any longer.]

Clutching the magic orb in his fingers, and thinking of Al sealed within, Subaru admonished himself.

In response to Subaru’s declaration of resolve, Beatrice held his hand as she stood by his side, Garfiel stroked his fang with his finger, and Meili shrugged her shoulders with the small crimson scorpion sitting atop them.

Then, as Petra donned a dignified and resolute smile, Subaru received her gaze.

For the sake of Aldebaran, the one who called himself the “Following Star of the Pleiades ”, an opposing force who wielded the same power as Subaru, yet still one whom he had resolved to definitely save no matter what, Natsuki Subaru pressed forth to the Royal Capital.

He would find out. After all, he knew that remaining in ignorance would be insincere, and he would never be able to forgive himself for doing so.

Hence――,

Subaru: [――Bring it on, oh inevitable fate!]

Carrying those feelings upon his back, Natsuki Subaru declared his intent to surmount any accursed shackles that might stand in his way.

△▼△▼△▼△

――It coincided with Natsuki Subaru’s declaration of resolve.

At the current moment, in a far distant land, the very destination Natsuki Subaru had announced his departure for―― in the Royal Capital of the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica, a certain incident was unfolding.

???: [――――]

In this early hour of morn, as the majority of the Royal Capital’s citizens were still asleep, letting the break of dawn go by from within their dreams, the Royal Castle Lugunica, which ordinarily ought to have been enveloped by an extraordinary tranquility, was enshrouded in a peculiar atmosphere.

The source of that atmosphere, was the very heart of the Royal Castle―― the throne room.

The impetus for the Royal Selection, had been the extinction of the Royal Family at the hands of a disease. And so, in the absence of a sovereign, the throne room of the Royal Castle was firmly closed off, with the exception of holding monumental ceremonies.

However, on this day, on this morning, the doors to the throne room were flung wide open, and there, the leaders of the Kingdom―― the Council of Wise Men, the faithful vassals who had won the trust of the deceased King, as well as even the royal soldiers, emanating a solemn air of tension, were all gathered.

???: [――――]

In this Kingdom bereft of a Monarch, each and every one of them bore a heavy responsibility in their individual positions.

Despite being an early morning summons, nobody had arrived tardy, and there was not a single person present who displayed drowsiness in their eyes, nor any miscreants who dared to exhibit an attitude lacking in concentration.

Ergo, no matter the time, the weight of the attention poured into this place was no less than that of the Kingdom itself.

――Taking all of that in by her lonesome, a woman maintained an air of silence.

Woman: [――――]

Kneeling down on one leg atop the blazing red carpet laid out across the marble floor, was an individual clad in robes of indigo blue, bowing her head with her hands clasped before her chest. That posture of prayer was so polished, it caused the military officers to recall their martial training, and the civil officers to recall their etiquette training, spurring them all to reflexively heave sighs.

That was the extent to which the woman, with a mere gesture of offering a prayer, had completely overwhelmed her surroundings.

???: [――Hrrrmm. Could you please raise your visage?]

Only one man amongst the crowd did not find himself captivated by the woman’s prayer, letting his voice reverberate through the chamber.

Calm and intellectual, it was the kind of voice that would naturally lend that impression to any who heard it, and its owner was one of the people involved with the Castle as it received the kneeling girl―― no, his position could even be described as their representative.

Miklotov McMahon. ――In the Kingdom of Lugunica, bereft of a Monarch, he was the central personage of the Council of Wise Men who steered the nation’s politics, and even in this situation that had been prepared in great haste, he was the utmost important individual whose voice held the greatest influence and sway.

A sagacious individual known for his outstanding ingenuity, and his extraordinary faith and devotion towards the Kingdom, he possessed so great a presence that none other than the King himself had joked, “The nation shall not waver even if the Lugunican King dies, but if he were to die, the Kingdom would fall into ruin”.

His gentle appearance and mild manner of speech may have been deceiving, but in reality, the King of Lugunica was a remarkable man, the most reliable to make an ally of, and the most fearsome to make an enemy of. ――Miklotov was an individual who, over many long years, had exploited that reputation to the fullest.

Woman: [――Yes.]

Receiving Miklotov’s words, the woman slowly lifted her downcast visage. Then, when she opened the eyelids that she had kept shut, Miklotov’s breath caught slightly upon meeting her gaze.

That reaction Miklotov gave had not been solely limited to him. Present in this chamber as another member of the Council of Wise Men, Bordeaux Zergev; standing here as the representative of the military officers, the Commander of the Royal Guard, Marcos Gildark; the central figure of the civil officers, Rickert Hoffman; and all others standing in attendance in the throne room at this very moment, all reacted.

This was a woman whose mere presence had harbored enough allure to naturally draw the attention of everyone present. But, in this moment, everyone’s shared reaction was not merely caused by the way she conducted herself. ――It was her appearance.

Long, elegant golden hair, and crimson eyes blazing with dignified intent; possessing a meaning far more significant than simply being beautiful, they were striking to all those present here―― nay, to all who lived in the Kingdom of Lugunica.

Thus――,

Woman: [――To begin with, allow me to express my thanks for your graceful reception of my sudden visit. Considering our positions, this was likely far from ideal.]

As if she was accustomed to all those gazes, the woman, still down on one knee, gazed over all the wise and important individuals that had congregated here, and uttered those words.

Receiving her words, which had neither excessively abased herself, nor had failed to bear her position in mind, those present there suppressed their momentary surprise and turmoil, entrusting their response to their representative, Miklotov.

Taking in their intent, Miklotov, sitting in his chair as he caressed his long, long beard, interposing a “Hrrrmm” as a sigh,

Miklotov: [My my, you seem to be one willing to say things where most others would hold their tongues. Be that as it may, I suppose there is no meaning in pretending otherwise. After all, you have spoken nothing but the truth.]

Woman: [When you phrase that in such a frank manner, it does place a burden upon my shoulders, too. As you can see, I am quite young and lacking in experience, so I had been fearful that I may not be able to muster words in front of you all like this.]

Miklotov: [Hrrrmm, though you might say that, you seem rather dignified. It is as if you are well accustomed to all eyes falling upon yourself. As for why that is so… I can come up with quite a few ideas.]

Woman: [Indeed. I shall not deny it.]

The pair had a difference in age enough to be grandfather and grandchild, but there existed nary a falter in the exchange between Miklotov and the woman, nor did it seem like things would devolve into a one-sided probing on account of one actor falling short of the other.

As both of them grasped that neither would be the case, they simultaneously smiled as if letting out a breath,

Woman: [In this early morning, I could not possibly waste everyone’s precious time, given how busy you all must be. Without further ado… may I begin the main subject?]

Miklotov: [Hrrrmm, very well, you may do so. At this age, getting up early is of no issue to me, but when it comes to important matters, I find it painful to defer them no matter how old I get. ――That is especially so when it is a subject broached by the Church of the Divine Dragon, which has placed itself at such a distance from the Royal Castle.]

Everyone: [――――]

He had generously prompted her to continue, but Miklotov’s words caused the atmosphere in the room to instantly grow tense. That response was immediately slackened, recognizing it as a discourtesy to the woman who had visited the Royal Castle all by her lonesome, but the reason behind it was something that nobody present could have done anything about.

――The name Miklotov had raised, the Church of the Divine Dragon, was, as the name implied, a religious group that worshipped the Divine Dragon Volcanica, founding their faith in the grace of its power and the protection of the Covenant.

As the Kingdom of Lugunica christened itself the Dragon Kingdom, the exceptional depth of its ties to the Dragon was well known, and to a greater or lesser extent, the citizens of the Kingdom considered themselves to be receiving the favor of the Divine Dragon.

Due to that self-awareness, even if they were not officially part of the Church, the majority of Lugunica’s populace harbored feelings of reverence concerning the Divine Dragon. Within that sort of environment, the potency of faith that those who officially adhered to the Church harbored towards the Divine Dragon went without saying.

In order to avoid shaking the nation with that immense influence, the Church of the Divine Dragon refrained from drawing near the Royal Castle, which bore responsibility for the nation’s politics, and they each contributed to the well-being of the citizens within their own domains. ――That was the unspoken agreement.

That was how unprecedented an event it was for a nun of the Church of the Divine Dragon to visit the Royal Castle, attempting to speak on a matter before a group that included the Council of Wise Men.

Only――,

Woman: [――There is value in doing so.]

Precisely because there was an understanding of how unprecedented it was, there existed a reason substantial enough to break that unwritten rule.

The woman’s declaration, proclaiming that, indeed, this was meaningful enough to gather Miklotov and the others in the throne room, and have them hear what she had to say, succeeded in its purpose of filling them with expectations.

Hence, following the silent encouragement from the wise men, the woman spoke. ――Of the reason, for her visit.

Woman: [All adherents of the Church of the Divine Dragon mourn the recent perils of the Kingdom from the bottom of our hearts. As per the unspoken agreement, we have remained at a distance from national affairs concerning the battle for the throne… the Royal Selection, but ever since news of the catastrophe at the Watergate City reached our ears, we could no longer remain still.]

Miklotov: [The Watergate City… Pristella, and the incident with the Witch Cult. We too are pained regarding the damages to that city, but surely the Church of the Divine Dragon does not intend to admonish the Royal Candidates involved with the incident?]

Woman: [Under that assumption, the significance of hastening to break the unspoken agreement, and the fact that I said prior there would be value in hearing what I had to say’d be contradicted… It would be contradicted.]

Revealing her true colors with the sudden counterpoint, the woman’s youthfulness showed itself as she corrected her speech. As if to cover up the awkwardness of it, the woman cleared her throat with a small cough,

Woman: [At any rate, I have no complaints to present regarding the Royal Candidates. It is not as though I harbor no reservations towards any of them, but that would be a matter of my own opinion, and not the consensus of the Church of the Divine Dragon.]

Miklotov: [If it is not the opinion of the Church, that would be your modest view as a citizen of the Kingdom. In fact, I believe we ought to proactively lend our ears to it, but… hrrrmm, that would likely veer this discussion off course.]

Woman: [Indeed. I shall bear in mind that you are a talkative personage, Miklotov-sama, but, let us proceed to the main topic. ――That which we wish to discuss, is not the attribution of responsibility, but on the matter of the damages.]

Miklotov: [――. Let us hear it.]

Woman: [In the Watergate City of Pristella, those who fell upon harm at the hands of the Witch Cult… it seems like several cases have been identified, but the Church of the Divine Dragon can offer a means to provide aid.]

――That instant, at the meaning contained in those words, the atmosphere in the throne room underwent a great tremor.

However, as the source of that tremor, the woman’s dignified posture remained undisturbed, continuing to stand up straight while basking in the gazes of the wise men. She had not exhibited any wavering in her gaze or demeanor, and there was an assurance in herself that would not permit her to speak without thorough conviction.

Miklotov: [――Hrrrmm.]

With that single interjection, Miklotov cut through the stirring atmosphere.

Nevertheless, even Miklotov, a man of preeminent wisdom within the Kingdom, could not help but be surprised by the woman’s proposal. And so, as the wise man caressed his beard with a slight amount of restlessness,

Miklotov: [Supposing that is indeed true, we could not hope to ask for anything more. Bringing the matter up with the Royal Castle was…]

Woman: [If we had gone ahead and proceeded to act without permission, it would not have been received all too well, correct? Moreover…]

Miklotov: [The ones who would not receive it well would not just be limited to us at the Castle, but the Witch Cult, too, after all.]

To the fact that went without saying, the woman drew back her slender chin in agreement with Miklotov.

Naturally, if they were able to neutralize the harm that the Witch Cult had dealt, it would certainly be an undesirable event for the Witch Cult. Ergo, the Church of the Divine Dragon wished for something.

Miklotov: [――The Kingdom’s certain protection. Due to the distance between we who govern national politics, and the Church of the Divine Dragon that governs religion, something of this nature has never truly taken shape over the many years.]

Woman: [Yes, indeed. On this occasion, we wish to actualize that. That is the collective will of the Church of the Divine Dragon. ――In order to push in favor of that decision, I have a proposal.]

Miklotov: [Hrrrmm, a proposal, is it? And that would be?]

Woman: [First of all, allow me to present to you. A demonstration of the relief we are capable of providing.]

Placing a hand over her chest, the woman declared so, causing Miklotov to raise his eyebrows.

That was a welcome request. As she said, it was a proposal to provide a basis for their decision, so they could not object to it. Merely, to bring a victim from the Watergate City all the way to the Royal Capital would be――,

Woman: [There ought to be someone you have in mind. Let us make that person the first.]

Miklotov: [――. Very well. First, I grant you the permission to propose this matter. ――Commander Marcos.]

Marcos: [Yes sir!]

His name called out by Miklotov, that titan of a man clad in armor from head to toe, the Commander of the Royal Guard, Marcos, responded with a booming voice and stepped forth, bowing before the seats of the Council of Wise Men.

Miklotov: [Could you please escort her? This shall be regarded as a matter of great importance to the Kingdom. Be prudent.]

Marcos: [Understood. ――I shall be accompanying you.]

Woman: [Yes, your face is… no, your whole body is rather large. I look forward to working with you.]

With a small bow of her head, a degree of gentleness dwelled in the woman’s expression. Perhaps that was because the discussion proceeded in accordance with her wishes, and the purpose of the Church of the Divine Dragon’s visit seemed like it would be fulfilled.

Understanding that it would thus catch her a bit off guard, Miklotov decided to ask her a certain question.

Calling herself a messenger from the Church of the Divine Dragon, the woman had gathered Miklotov and the other leaders of the Kingdom at the Castle in the early morning; and so, he asked about the aspect of her that had attracted even more attention than simply her involvement with the Church of the Divine Dragon.

That was――,

Miklotov: [Excuse my terrible impoliteness, but may I ask to hear your name, Miss Nun?]

△▼△▼△▼△

Woman: [――I am a nun sent by the Church of the Divine Dragon.]

Brought there directly by Marcos, the woman paid a visit to the Royal Residence―― faced with the person who called herself a nun, Ferris could not hide his puzzlement.

The reason why Ferris and Wilhelm were staying in the Royal Capital, was to make a direct request to the Royal Castle―― to enlist in the survey team en route to the Pleiades Watchtower now that it was cleared for entry, and by using the wisdom of the Sage, extolled as being all-knowing, to learn of a means to save Crusch, who was still suffering even now.

Of course, from the letter sent by Emilia and the others, who had already returned from the Pleiades Watchtower, it was made clear that the Sage’s existence and wisdom were nothing so convenient. But, even so, it was a greater possibility than the stagnated developments in healing magic.

Ferris: [Really, how stupid. No matter how much I improve on any preexisting healing magic, all it does is make it so I can’t die, while doing absolutely nothing to relieve Crusch-sama’s suffering.]

Amidst his feelings of desperation, the research of the Blue had elevated the field of healing magic existing in the Kingdom of Lugunica by not one, but three whole levels in this short period, but at this time, that did not make Ferris feel anything other than worthless.

At present, he was unable to save the person he wanted to save the most. That fact pressed Ferris into a corner, plunging him into darkness.

And so, even though he had wished to try relying on the Sage’s wisdom at the Pleiades Watchtower――,

Ferris: […Save, Crusch-sama? The Church of the Divine Dragon can? R-really?]

Woman: [My faith forbids me from speaking falsehoods, and I am not interested in further tormenting those who are already astray. Even if you do not believe me, it seems like your Commander does.]

Responding to Ferris’s trembling voice, the nun gestured to Marcos, who had accompanied her. As Ferris raised his voice, exclaiming “Commander!” to Marcos, he nodded with his boulder-like expression,

Marcos: [I’ve heard that the Church of the Divine Dragon possesses magic and techniques that haven’t been unveiled to the public. Starting with Miklotov-sama, the rest of the Council of Wise Men also believes that there is value in lending her credence.]

Ferris: […B-but, if anything else were to happen to Crusch-sama…]

Woman: [――“None can lift the Quain Stone alone”.]

Ferris: [――Hk.]

Silently, as the nun spoke those words, Ferris’s breath caught reflexively.

As Ferris’s eyes welled with tears from turbulent emotions gushing forth within him, the nun gently reached her hand out towards his, and with her slender fingers, she softly undid the firm clench of Ferris’s own.

With her doing so as she pleased with him, Ferris suddenly took notice of her beautiful golden hair, as well as the earnest illumination filling her crimson eyes, and widened his own eyes in surprise.

That realization spurred on by confusion, he failed to understand its significance――,

Woman: [I beg of you. Please, allow me to aid the one you hold ever so dear. The Church of the Divine Dragon prays night and day for the well-being of the Kingdom’s citizens. No matter the doctrine they embrace, there are no exceptions to that.]

Ferris: [Wh-who… who, are you?]

Woman: [――――]

She held her breath at Ferris’s question; however, keeping that brief hesitation contained to the blink of an eye, she gently held his hands in her own, and replied.

That was――,

Woman: [――Filóre. That is my name.]

――Fifteen years ago, the daughter of the King’s younger brother had been abducted, her whereabouts unknown ever since. With the same name as that vanished princess, and bearing the golden hair and crimson eyes emblematic of the Royal Family, the nun introduced herself.

Author Note:

Here ends Arc 9! Thank you for accompanying me this far! What I wished to accomplish with Arc 9, was to portray the light and the darkness of Return by Death. What could the light of death be…?? To everyone who has finished reading, which did you think was the Return by Death of Light and which did you think was the Return by Death of Darkness?

Either way, we will be plunging into Arc 10 from the next chapter onward! There were many parts that did not go as planned, but overall, I think the gamble in storytelling is whether or not what you actually end up writing will end up being more enthralling that what you had imagined before writing! The plot of Arc 10 is interesting, and I think some parts will be even more interesting than the plot! Look forward to it!
