Arc 7 - Arc 7 – The Land of Wolves
============================================================


--- Chapter 1: Baptism ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources :

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

…As soon as the plume of smoke cleared up, Ram felt a rare sense of helplessness.

Ram: […]

She opened her pale crimson eyes, straining them as she peered into the room which still had smoke hovering over it. However, even as she did so, searching for something amongst the emptiness, the ones which she was seeking were nowhere to be seen.

She looked for those people in the room where a large hole had appeared, someone moving, or someone in black, along with the adorable blue one; however, they were nowhere to be found…

???: […Ram!]

Ram’s shoulder was grabbed from behind as she’d tried to take a step forward, bringing her back to her senses. She realized that she’d been about to step through a cracked bit of the floor. If she hadn’t been stopped in her tracks, she might have fallen.

How clumsy of her, to literally not even see what was beneath her feet.

???: [I’m glad you’re safe Ram… And Patrasche-chan, are you okay as well?]

Ram: [Emilia… sama…]

Ram bit her lip. Meanwhile, the one who’d grabbed her by the shoulder was Emilia, who should have been on the upper floors. While panting slightly, Emilia checked to make sure Ram was okay, as well as how the black Earth Dragon, Patrasche, who was crouched down behind them, was getting on.

Finally, while looking at them, Ram regained enough of her composure to take in the state of her surroundings.

The corridor in what should have been a robust stone tower had collapsed, with the floor and ceiling both smashed to pieces. She could see the sky and sand of the sand-sea from across the wall, which now had a hole in it; a parched breeze was blowing in as a result.

However, the place that had gotten damaged the most was the room where Ram, Patrasche and co. had been staying in until just before ― That’s to say, the room they’d so dubbed the “Green Room”.

Ram: […]

The room had been chock-full of grass and ivy, covering the walls, floor, and even going up all the way to the ceiling. Nevertheless, the room was now unrecognizable from its original state, with its natural erosion of many, many years torn up root and branch.

That included its beds, which were woven from grass and ivy, as well as the faint light the Spirit’s presence gave off; all of it.

That, and their biggest problem was…

Emilia: [Ram… Where did Subaru and Rem go? They’re safe, right?]

Standing by Ram’s side, Emilia peered into the area where the Green Room had previously stood. Ram wasn’t able to answer her question straight away, even though she knew that her painful silence itself served as an answer.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: […First of all, let’s try ‘n sort out what happened. We’re not gonna be able ta talk about things calmly unless we do tha’.]

Looking around at everyone who’d gathered within the room as she said that, Anastasia took charge of the situation.

Anastasia’s white fox scarf ― Echidna ― was still wrapped around her. She brushed her fingers through her slightly dusty fur as she spoke.

Anastasia: [So, about that black shadow that attacked the tower jus’ before…]

Julius: [It’s gone, at least for now. Thanks to the power of the Divine Dragon, Volcanica, I’d say.]

Echidna: [Both the Dragon and the shadow’s movements were so sudden, it made us really wonder what the heck was happening, huh.]

Inside the tower, the ones who’d come back safe and sound began to share what had happened, starting first with Anastasia, and then Julius and Echidna following her lead.

Much like Anastasia and Echidna, Julius’ white Knight garb was also covered in grime. However, that wasn’t just because of the heated battle that had taken place in the tower, it was also heavily due to the effects of the aforementioned event.

Nevertheless, none of these three had ended up with any extra injuries; on that point itself, you could say it was a relief.

That in itself was thanks to the achievement wrought by the Divine Dragon, Volcanica, on the top-most floor of the tower.

Beatrice: [Volcanica cleaved the looming shadow with its breath, I suppose. If not for that, we would have probably been in for a world of hurt, in fact.]

Anastasia gave Beatrice a nod in response to what she’d said, as the latter folded her short arms together.

In all honesty, when Volcanica had unleashed its breath so suddenly, Anastasia had uncharacteristically resigned herself for death. Things had happened so quickly, that there hadn’t been any way to deal with it.

Though of course she couldn’t say that she’d completely relaxed her guard just because of that single breath.

Julius: [The Divine Dragon’s response to the crisis dawning upon us was simply magnificent, but even so, the state it’s in isn’t great, that remains unchanged still… Currently though, it seems to be keeping itself quite obedient and following Emilia-sama’s instructions.]

Anastasia: [Out of consideration for Julius, I’mma try ‘n avoid callin’ ‘em “senile”… But, ‘tis all the same as the Divine Dragon-san bein’ a scary‘un. Anyways, as for what happened, it’s exactly as Beatrice-chan says.]

Beatrice: [I suppose.]

The only one who could have dealt with a situation as abrupt as that was Volcanica. What would have become of them now, had the Dragon not blown away the looming shadow for them.

Yet, they couldn’t start jumping around in joy…

???: [There was a to~n of ‘em. But, they all went towards Onii-san and stuff…]

Anastasia: [Meili-chan.]

Meili: […Ah, my apo~logies.]

Anastasia: […]

Meili didn’t take care with her word choice, almost as if she were upset, and for that, Anastasia chided her. Meili gave her a sincere apology as she looked towards Ram and Emilia, both having kept their silence.

In hindsight, the ones who’d received the damage from that shadow had been the two from the Emilia Camp ― Subaru and Rem ― Thus, the damage the Anastasia Camp had suffered was practically zilch.

Anastasia: [Though it’s not like I can actually say that, we’re all travellin’ together after all.]

Anastasia muttered that to herself before then catching a glimpse of Julius and Echidna. They had been working together with Emilia’s group during the time she’d traded places with Echidna, when she’d been sleeping at the depths of her own consciousness.

It went without saying for Echidna, whom she’d known for around ten years, but even the practically brand spanking new Julius, at least as far as her memories were concerned, could easily tell that she was shook.

On that point, it was quite the surprise to Anastasia that Beatrice, who should have been quite close to them, had come to this meeting.

Anastasia: [Beatrice-chan, are ya alright? Ah wait, no, it ain’t propa’ of me to use a word like “Alright”. But still, ya haven’ gotten ya’self into a panic, no?]

Beatrice: […Betty panicking wouldn’t mean it’d bring back Subaru and Rem, in fact. Right now, the main issue in question is messing up our first move due to panic, I suppose. I’d specifically like to avoid that, in fact.]

Anastasia: [First move? By that, do you mean…]

Emilia: […Bringing back Subaru and Rem. Taking action for that, yeah?]

Anastasia raised her eyebrows quizzically as she tried to question Beatrice. However Emilia interrupted her, still while supporting Ram by her shoulder.

Emilia’s amethyst eyes pierced right through Anastasia, her eyes widening in surprise a tad at the intensity of her glare. She wet her lips with her tongue.

Anastasia: [Dang, I thought you were gonna be dejected as heck, but that’s one helluva’ look you’ve got in your eyes. What d’ya mean?]

Emilia: [It’s really nothing complicated. Subaru and Rem ended up being swallowed by that shadow and taken away from us… Volcanica did drive it away, but he was just a tad too slow. Even so…]

Ram: [They didn’t die from it. I’m sure of it.]

While still being propped up by Emilia, Ram opened her eyes and replied. Then she gently touched the part of her on her forehead ― the part where presumably her Oni Clan Horn had been ― as she let out an exhausted sigh. It was what served as the basis of her words, which felt full of conviction.

Anastasia: [The Oni Clan’s… Ah, wouldn’t that be the sisters’ Synesthesia? So you’re saying that you’re linked with Rem-san?]

Ram: [Yep, that’s right. Rem is alive… No clue about Barusu.]

Beatrice: [Subaru’s alright as well, I suppose! Betty can guarantee that, in fact!]

Beatrice shouted in anger, almost red in the face, in response to Ram’s very Ram-like words. After all, she was Beatrice, the Spirit who’d made a Contract with Subaru. Her words did have some credibility to them.

In other words, it meant that the two of them who had vanished had been confirmed to be alive from separate angles.

Julius: [In regards to Subaru, we have his connection with Beatrice-sama’s Contract, and in regards to Miss Rem, we have Miss Ram’s Synesthesia… Both of those are worth believing in. Besides, I too would like to hope.]

Anastasia: [Quite the honesty there… Well, either way, I too would rather prefer that Natsuki-kun ‘n Rem-san were safe ‘n sound.]

Anastasia stroked her scarf after Julius replied, as if to say getting too close to them would be a problem.

They were working with Emilia’s group as collaborators for the time being ― But the fact that they were competing with each other in the Royal Selection hadn’t changed. She didn’t want them to get the wrong idea about that and add to their troubles.

Nevertheless, it was precisely because they were fighting each other that they ought to repay their debts without fail.

Meili: [We~ll then? Like, it’s super-duper good that Onii-san ‘n stuff are alive, bu~t, where are they?]

Failing to read the mood positively, Meili asked them that while playing around with the Tiny Crimson Scorpion balanced on her head. Julius opened his mouth in reaction to her question, and began to speak,

Julius: [Well, though I wouldn’t be able to explain them in great detail, that shadow was the product of Yin Magic… Or at the very least, the Yin Attribute. It should be the same sort that’s sealing the likes of the Witch of Envy in her shrine, and Roy Alphard in the Dragon Carriage. If we presume this to be the case, then as for our resident expert…]

Beatrice: […That would be Betty, I suppose. My prognosis isn’t all that different from Julius’ either, in fact. That thing was a clump of Yin, I suppose. It’s close to a Shamak that’s been given direction, in fact.]

Echidna: [Shamak? Isn’t that the basic magic of the Yin Attribute? How was it then so powerful?]

Beatrice: […I knew there were going to be quite a few humans who’d misunderstand since there are hardly any users of it. However, it’s troubling that even you think of it like that, when you’re a Spirit like me, in fact.]

Echidna, who had taken up her white-fox form, was stared at reproachfully by Beatrice, causing her to cower her head. Giving a sigh at her reaction, Beatrice raised one of her fingers and said: “May I, I suppose?”

Beatrice: [Shamak’s special quality is in “Separation”, in fact. A low-grade Shamak separates one’s body from their awareness, whereas a high-grade Shamak rends space from itself, I suppose. Betty’s Door Crossing is one such application, linking two rooms together, and achieving something close to teleportation, in fact.]

Ram: [That was the contraption Beatrice-sama had set up in the previous mansion. It was a real pain having to call her for mealtimes, so to be quite honest, I’d gotten fed up with it.]

Beatrice: [It really upsets Betty that you’d say that so honestly right here, right now, I suppose. I do believe I am sorry about it, but the apologies can wait until later… Anyways, Shamak, in essence, can separate space from space if so inclined; as well as that, it can separate objects, no matter how strong they are. It’s the Witch of Envy’s speciality, in fact.]

Anastasia: [From your explanation, aren’t you saying that Natsuki-kun and Rem-san have been scattered into pieces?]

If that shadow was as deadly as that, then what she’d said felt just like something that branded Subaru and Rem’s survival, who’d been swallowed by it, as being hopeless.

Beatrice however shook her head at Anastasia’s question.

Beatrice: [What I mentioned right now was an allegory, I suppose. At least, that shadow wasn’t something that was set to chop Subaru and Rem into pieces, in fact. But it was going to take them within and whisk them away somewhere, I suppose.]

Echidna: [Somewhere… Across space… In this situation, I imagine it would be to where she is?]

Ram: […After all, there’s the matter of Barusu’s Miasma.]

Echidna broke down Beatrice’s exposition into simpler terms, and at the end of that, Ram provided the reason why.

The Miasma that enveloped Subaru, which had greatly agitated the Witchbeasts en-route to the Watchtower, was now a well-known fact amongst the Royal Selection Candidates.

Regarding this Miasma thing, both its cause, and its finer details, were unknowns.

Ram: [All I know about the Miasma is that it attracts Witchbeasts to it, and that the people who are connected with the Witch Cult often emanate it in spades… That’s pretty much it.]

Emilia: [Hm, although Subaru’s been chased by Witchbeasts quite a few times, he’s got nothing to do with the Witch Cult. I get that it’s preeeeetty suspicious, but…]

Anastasia: [No need ta fret, don’ worry, I ain’t castin’ doubt on that now, Emilia-san.]

Emilia: [Oh? Thank goodness. Subaru is a good boy, so…]

Emilia patted her chest in relief, however, the issue was still very much there.

Just like Anastasia had said, the thread of thought regarding Subaru being connected to the Witch Cult was no longer inside her. Nevertheless, the fact that they didn’t know Subaru’s origins still brought forth doubts within her.

She didn’t think that Subaru was someone with ill intent. However, ill intent that one wasn’t conscious to was a thing too.

There was a chance that, behind all of his good intent, Subaru’s existence was a ticking time-bomb in itself.

Anastasia: [Yeah Yeah, so your concern is unnecessary, I got that much from how ya started the sentence off. The shadow that swallowed Natsuki-kun and Rem-san up was the one that whisked ‘em away ta somewhere. The real question is, where ta?]

Echidna: [As well as what happened due to Volcanica’s breath having interfered with it.]

Beatrice and Ram, who were linked with the two of Subaru and Rem respectively, probably had a rough idea of their whereabouts.

Searching for them was going to be a tall order, if all they knew was that they were alive, without knowing exactly where they’d been hurtled off to―― At the very least, the option of not searching for them was not available to anyone in this place.

Emilia: [Please, you two, where are Subaru and Rem? Tell me please.]

Beatrice and Ram exchanged looks, having turned towards Emilia’s sincere appeal. Then after a few seconds of silence from the both of them…

Beatrice: […He’s south, in fact.]

Ram: [Ram too senses that she’s in that same direction. I’m not sure of her exact position, but I think she’s fairly far away.]

Emilia: [South? South from here we have the uhh…]

Emilia furrowed her well-defined eyebrows straight after Beatrice and Ram had both mentioned they were south. Though she must have been giving it her all to envision the map of the world in her mind, Anastasia raised her hand in her stead.

Currently they were in the Augria Sand Dunes situated in the easternmost part of the world map. As far as south from here went, Picoutatte or Flanders, of the five great cities, were the most likely, however…

Julius: [In regards to that alone, the state of the two is inscrutable.]

Seemingly having arrived at the same idea, Julius spoke Anastasia’s mind for her.

From the way he got into sync with the speed of her thoughts, Anastasia valued him as being ideal as her knight even more, all while batting one of her eyes shut and saying: “Indeed.”

Anastasia: [‘Tis quite the distance, but if they find themselves aroun’ those parts, then we can say that the damage incurred would be negligible. Yet, despite that, both of yer faces look pale… Do ya both mean ta say he’s way more south?]

Emilia: [Way more south, you can’t mean…]

Meili: […They ended up going all the way down to the Vollachian Empire in the sou~th?]

Meili’s surprise was minimal compared to how shocked Emilia was. But it was safe to say that Meili’s reaction was down to the fact that she hadn’t comprehended the scale of things. Given that, Beatrice and the others’ reactions were all perfectly understandable.

If Subaru and Rem had crossed through the country… And if they’d crossed into the Southern Empire, they had a real problem at hand.

Anastasia: [If I’m not mistaken… The Kingdom of Lugunica ‘n the Vollachian Empire in the south signed a nonaggression pact that would last for the entire Royal Selection. Isn’ that right, Julius?]

Julius: [That’s correct. I imagine you wouldn’t know about this, but I also went there to tie down the agreement. Me, Reinhard, Ferris and such met the Emperor in person.]

Emilia: [From what I’d heard, we were on reaaaally bad terms with the Empire; but, if you did that, then are we okay with them now? So if we were to go and search for Subaru and Rem…]

Julius: […No, that’s not going to fly.]

Julius lowered his brows with a shake of his head in response to Emilia’s timid question. He softly cast his yellow eyes down, which glittered like jewels, emblazoned on his handsome features,

Julius: [The Empire has forbidden travel between itself and the Kingdom since several months ago, for the time being. Due to the Royal Selection, the same thing happened with the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko in the north, however they’ve already rescinded their ban…]

Echidna: [I guess that means the one the Empire set hasn’t been rescinded. Though we did travel to the Watchtower, so because of that we don’t have the latest information… So if the situation there hasn’t changed…]

Emilia: [Going there to help Subaru and Rem is going to be tough?]

Julius: [Yes, unfortunately.]

Though they exchanged various thoughts about it, Julius concluded with these mere words of regret.

Anastasia too, could only come to the same conclusion as Julius. It would be impossible to break in from the front where entering the Vollachian Empire was concerned.

They’d have no choice but to look for a secret way in, and in addition to that, they’d also need to find the time and contacts for it.

There’d be no quick and easy way here. Surely Emilia would be in an absolute hurry when thinking about the two people who’s status remained unknown…

Emilia: […We need to move quickly. We’ll receive Volcanica’s blood and bring it back to Pristella… Then we’ll take the Gluttony we captured to the Royal Capital, yeah?]

Beatrice: [Emilia…?]

Emilia: [I know Beatrice. I can’t help but feel reaaally, reaaally impatient. But we won’t be able to help Subaru and Rem out, even if we rush things here… We’ve gotta remain calm.]

However, Emilia’s calm decision surprised Anastasia, just as it seemed she would have gotten into a panic. She gave a resolute nod at Beatrice, also similarly surprised. Her eyes were quivering, her voice was shaking a bit, yet she was giving it her all to keep a grip of herself.

It was just like she was saying I’m not going to fold my arms together and sit back for even a second, if it means getting Subaru and Rem back.

Emilia: [You two, Subaru and Rem must be together, right?]

Ram: […I just double-checked with Beatrice-sama, we think they probably are.]

Emilia: [Alrighty… Then if that’s the case, I’m sure Subaru will go to great lengths to protect Rem. That’s why we needn’t worry about Rem. Even though Subaru’s a lil’ scary.]

Though her belief in Subaru was strong, in regards to the same kind of worries, Anastasia did agree as well.

Natsuki Subaru had lost his memories for a bit in the tower, as a result of being left to his own devices. That boy with a propensity for self-punishment had a bad habit of making light of himself in order to protect the people precious to him.

Just as it sometimes would encourage others, it also similarly served as a cause for concern.

Anastasia: [That said, guess all we can really do is count on Natsuki-kun’s quick wits. Emilia-san is right, what we can’t do is stay here grumblin’ ‘n moanin’ inside the tower. We gotta get a move on.]

Julius: [Understood loud and clear… Beatrice-sama, do inform us if there are any elements of concern.]

Beatrice: […Subaru’s body, I suppose. Subaru’s gate can’t expel mana out on its own since it’s broken, in fact. If we leave him alone for too long, then it’s going to burst due to a mana blockage, I suppose.]

Anastasia: [I see. I’m sorta in the same boat, so I can really get on the same level as Natsuki-kun there.]

Anastasia’s gate was defective by birth. She was unable to take in mana properly; such, for example, would be a critical defect for a mage. Nevertheless, this had no effect on the luck and knack for business needed for a merchant, so it didn’t really bother her much.

Echidna: [Ana…]

Anastasia: [I know, I know. In regards to our problems, ain’t we gonna talk about ‘em separately a bit later… That aside, it doesn’ look like we’ve got any time ta slack off.]

Anastasia clapped her hands together, with everyone else nodding back at her signal.

Their objective was to search for the whereabouts of Subaru and Rem, who’d both disappeared. For that, they would need to return from the Pleiades Watchtower as soon as possible, in order to muster a search party as well.

On top of that, they needed to fulfill one of the primary objectives that they’d come to the tower for.

Meili: [Things are so hectic, to the point that I almost feel like I’m gonna pass ou~t…]

Emilia: [I know right. Still, Subaru and Rem must be having it way more tough.]

Emilia firmly clenched her fist, thinking of Subaru, who’d been hurtled off to somewhere faraway. Seeing her face in profile, Meili, with the Tiny Crimson Scorpion plopped on her head, narrowed her eyes and said “Yeah, of course” with a shrug of her shoulders.

And just like that, the group began to busy themselves to get their preparations done ― Or so, they were about to.

Meili: [Come to thi~nk of it, Ram Onee-san, did you tell ‘em about th~at thing?]

Ram: [… I still haven’t.]

Anastasia and the others: […? That thing?]

Ram’s face turned sour at Meili’s rather abrupt question. All of their gazes turned towards Ram, clearly having not heard anything about it.

With them all looking at her, Ram paused for a brief moment, and after that said,

Ram: [Emilia-sama, although I’m still not one-hundred percent sure about this… The ones  swallowed by the shadow and hurtled away to the Empire may not just be only Barusu and Rem.]

Emilia: [Not only the two of them… But you, Patrasche-chan, and Meili are all accounted for, so shouldn’t that be everyone who was in the Green Room?]

Meili: [Well, a girl appeared all of a sudden, before that shadow came kinda kerplowing i~n. And what’s more, according to Oniisan, it was the third Gluttony or some~thing.]

Anastasia and the others: [The third Gluttony!?]

Anastasia and the others were taken completely aback after being told this tidbit they really could not disregard.

And so, the discussion grew in intensity, regarding whether they should amend their actions going forward and getting the details which Ram had kept under wraps regarding this matter out of her.

As that went on, within the now turned bedlam of the Pleiades Watchtower, Emilia clasped her hands in prayer in front of her chest, all the while looking out of the huge hole where the Green Room had once stood.

Emilia: [Please, Subaru… I really hope you’ll be alright with Rem.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――As Emilia’s small prayer drowned in the parched skies overhead the sea of sand, at the same time far, far away,

Subaru: [――――]

Sitting atop an open meadow, caressed gently by a wandering breeze was a boy, and in his embrace, a girl.

The boy had black hair, and his eyes sharp as the edge of a dagger, with the whites being quite pronounced, aka the very known sanpakugan; eyes that made his face to appear in a permanent scowl, a glare rumored to be all that is needed to kill a man.

However, at that moment, his lips curved up ever so softly, and the corners of those eyes were wet. It took all he had to not break into a complete bawl.

It was a natural outcome, of course.

He’d waited for this very moment for so long. The memories of each day he passed in wait, in grief, none would allow him to look away for even the briefest of moments from the girl in front of him.

The girl, embraced so dearly, looked at him through the locks of her bright, blue hair.

Her eyes widened, though the strength to resist was barely present on her adorable face. It was as if she had woken from sleep, and was still caught up in her drowsiness.

To be fair, that was indeed the truth of the matter. She’d finally woken up from a long, long slumber, so she’d quite obviously feel a disconnect from reality.

Rem: […Ah… um… ]

Her lips moved, as if mulling over what he’d spoken of moments ago.

As he watched, the boy――Natsuki Subaru nodded vigorously.

Subaru:  [Yeah, exactly, that’s exactly it, Rem. I’m your Hero. I’ve been waiting for so long for… ]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [Rem?]

Trying to stifle the tremble of his own voice, he desperately tried to pick up on Rem’s.

Perhaps due to being thirsty or something of the sort, though as her lips moved and her tongue flicked, her throat would not produce sound. Even so, he put his ear near her mouth, attempting to glean even a sliver of what Rem was trying to communicate to him.

Her meager attempts to convey anything filled him with immense joy.

Rem: […m. ]

Subaru: [I’m listening, there’s no need to rush it, okay? Rem, what are you trying to… ]

Tell me, as he would’ve said, but was ultimately cut off.

Once he’d drawn his ears close enough to listen to her, his trail of thought was halted as a hand pushed against his head and chin.

Following that flow, he felt himself be turned over and fall to the ground.

And then――,

Subaru: […Re…Rem?]

Subaru found himself with his back on the grass, and Rem straddled on top of him.

Bewildered, he remained stiff in place. Staring down at him, Rem’s eyes scanned him from top to bottom.

She then released a quiet sigh and,

Rem: [What’s your aim here? Tell me what you intend to do to me right now!]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [Calling yourself some Hero out of the blue and… Who’s Rem? Tell me right now!]

Knees pressed down over Subaru’s shoulders, her hands shot to his neck. With her weight bearing down on him, Subaru struggled to move, his legs twitching restlessly.

However, the skill with which Rem had restrained him was somewhat aweing. She’d left no room for him to regain his freedom.

Subaru: [Gu… ah… ghk…]

Rem: [If you refuse to speak, I will simply continue until you desire to do so. Please do not prolong your own suffering. Speak. What exactly are you…]

Subaru: [――Gha.]

He knew not whether it was involuntary or on purpose, but the strength with which Rem used to press against his neck left him no room to answer her with.

As his mind dimmed due to the lack of oxygen, he realized letting this go on would result in his death.

It had been so long, and even if it were a one-sided reunion, Subaru could not allow it to end with Rem strangling him. Not like this.

Even if nothing of Subaru remains in her memories.

Subaru: [A- Ah…]

Rem: [Are you feeling like speaking now? If so, I will, in good faith――]

Just then, as Rem frowned while looking at the signs of strained struggle on his face,

???: [Ah-! Ooh-!]

Rem: [――Kya-!?]

Suddenly, a petite shadow slammed into Rem’s body from the side―― Or rather, it leapt onto Rem and became entangled with her on the grass.

With the weight gone, he rolled over and began coughing, then looked towards Rem with clouded, wet eyes. There, he saw the figure of a little girl struggling with Rem.

Little Girl: [Uuu―! Uuuu―!]

Rem: [W-what are you doing… Stop it, please! This isn’t the time to be…]

Her blonde hair covering all of Rem, the little girl bared her teeth on her flushed red face as she howled. Subaru stopped, unable to form any thoughts upon witnessing this sight.

Subaru took a breath and rushed to the two.

And then――,

Subaru: [Oi! Get away from Rem, right now!]

Little Girl: [Ah―, Uuu―!!]

Subaru pushed off the little girl who had been trying to pull on Rem’s hair―― Archbishop Louis Arneb, and held her down with her hands behind her back.

The light-bodied Gluttony attempted to struggle, but only in vain. The best she could currently do was kick about. Twists and groans were thrown in, but nothing more beyond that.

Louis: [Au―! Uuu―, Uuuu―!!]

Subaru: [God damnit, you…! Stop struggling… Just stay put! Rem, are you okay!? Did she do anything to you!?]

Rem: [N-no, I’m fine. More than that, I keep asking you over and over…]

Subaru yelled as he held Louis down, to which Rem answered with crooked brows. With her eyes fixed on him, she attempted to stand on her feet――,

Rem: [――Eh?]

And thumped back onto the ground, her knees having given away.

Her strange way of falling down raised questions in Subaru’s mind. Yet unaware she was being observed, she pushed on her knees and tried to stand up once more. However――,

Rem: […My legs won’t…]

Subaru: [Wait, you can’t stand up?]

Rem: [N…no, that’s not… Not true… It’s not true at all…]

Her voice trembled as she attempted to refute his strong claim. However, no amount of willpower allowed her to stand up. Far from being able to balance herself, she couldn’t even put any power into her feet at all.

Subaru: [Are you feeling weak because you’ve been asleep for so long? Wait, that can’t be right. Wouldn’t call the strength you used to push me over just now that of someone who’s been bedridden as long as you.]

There was often talk of how one would eventually grow weaker over their long stay at the hospital, likely due to a lack of exercise.

It was quite a well-known fact that those people require rehabilitation to stand and walk again, but would that truly end at the legs?

It wasn’t as if Rem had been moving her upper body during her ‘hospitalization period’. She’d been asleep for over a year, so it would only make sense for her to feel weak overall, and not just in her legs.

And yet, this disconnect existed in her, in Rem’s body. Likely, this was due to――,

Subaru: [――Wait, could it be because of the feedback she took from Nee-sama’s fight?]

As his mind sifted through the possible reasons as to why Rem’s body would behave like this, that was the conclusion he had reached.

He’d heard from Ram in the Green Room about how her death-battle against Gluttony went down. Due to Subaru’s worsening condition, Ram needed to change things to avoid being cornered. So she’d chosen to share her ‘burden’ with Rem as her trump card.

As a result, the majority of Ram’s burden of pain, who was said to be the strongest of the Oni Clan, flowed into Rem. Subaru remembered having that conversation.

If that were the case, then――,

Subaru: […It’s all my fault.]

He’d uttered a phrase he’d surely be rebuked by Ram for.

However, as it stood, Subaru had been unable to fulfill the duty he himself had taken on himself, resulting in Ram needing to push herself further, which consequently affected Rem. It all went back to being Subaru’s fault.

Steeped in this situation, having none of his friends around that he could rely on, where only he, Rem, and Louis, who was continuing to act weird for god knows what reason, the responsibility he bore was all the more heavy.

Rem: [All your fault you say… Did you do something to me!?]

Subaru: [Not at all, it was just a figure of speech; however…]

Rem: [First things first! Who are you!? And who am I!?]

Subaru: […]

Giving the legs that wouldn’t obey her will properly a firm whack, Rem glared at Subaru with a tempest of fury in her eyes. Subaru felt something rather bitter, that his unpleasant guess had become reality, hearing Rem’s heartbreaking complaint, which had felt like she was going to lose her temper.

…Rem had said: “ Who am I”?

“Who are you” was still way better. However, her asking about who she was, was still something extremely gut-wrenching for Subaru, considering he’d been waiting so long to see Rem again.

He’d had an inkling this would be the case, from the fact that she was referring to herself using “I” instead of “Rem”. [1]

Subaru: [I guess she must be in the same state as Crusch-san…]

Rem had had her name and memories taken away from her, resulting in her continued slumber.

There were two other patterns found in the victims of Gluttony; namely, the ones found with Julius, who’d had his name taken away from him, thus forgotten by the people around him, as well as with Crusch, who’d had her memories taken away, having lost herself.

When Rem had woken up, she’d done so having lost her own memories; in an amnesiac state.

Her confusion was perfectly natural when you considered she was stuck in a situation this incomprehensible, along with a boy with mean-looking eyes to him, a girl who could do nothing but groan and her own legs not working as she wished.

Louis: [Uwaa!]

Without even realising that Louis had grown quiet, as if she’d tired herself out from struggling around, she dropped from the exhausted Subaru’s arms, and fell down on her backside, letting out a screech.

She began to roll about, while rubbing her backside. Subaru didn’t bother to give her any attention, instead he slowly made his way over to Rem’s side.

As Subaru drew closer to her, Rem kept an eye on him, all the while keeping her guard up strongly.

Seeing that look in her eyes, he was reminded of the first time Rem had turned this hostility against him.

It was easy to forget, because they’d gotten quite close after they’d warmed up to each other, but Rem originally was quite reserved, and was a rather difficult girl to get close enough to.

In that respect, it was way easier with Ram, since she never changed how she interacted with him, both before and after they became closer.

The scary part in fact though, was that according to one theory, there was even the chance that they didn’t get along.

Subaru: [Anyways, the matter of nee-sama aside… Hey, you know…]

Rem: [W-What is it? Just so you know, if you’re planning on doing anything to me, I’ll…]

Subaru: […Rem.]

Rem: [Huh?]

Rem’s tense expression turned into one of being taken by surprise. Subaru stopped in his tracks as he made his way over, keeping enough distance between them, so he’d be more than a step out of her reach,

Subaru: [It’s Rem. That’s your name.]

Once again, he called out her name.

Rem: […]

Rem sunk into silence, unable to hide her bewilderment, having had that gently poured against her. Nevertheless, she shifted her red tongue, which was barely visible behind her lips, and repeated “Rem” as if making sure of it.

It was like she was making herself familiar with her own name anew.

Subaru: [In all honesty, I don’t really know properly what happened either. Just that we got separated from our friends, and we’re here, in this place which is god knows where. You should be able to understand that’s quite the mess, right?]

Rem: [Well, I…]

While still very bewildered, Rem’s eyes examined the grassland in their surroundings rather than Subaru.

A breeze rustled through the grassland, the sun was high up in the sky, and he felt humidity against his skin. A muggy sensation that felt different to the parched air of the Augria Sand Dunes.

He was in a place that was so different that the sensation he felt from the air had changed.

In other words…

Subaru: [We can’t expect to be helped immediately. We’re gonna need to take the necessary actions to help ourselves from here, somehow or other. That’s why…]

Rem: [That’s why what? What are you going to tell me to do? Me , and my legs which can hardly move and all.]

Subaru: […I imagine you’ll get all suspicious again once I say this sort of stuff, but I’d be just content with you being here for me. Breathing, talking to me, looking around the surroundings with your eyes ; I’d be content with only that.]

Rem: […? You mean looking around with my eyes, and telling you whether the coast is clear?]

Subaru: [Not quite like that, though, that too would be fine.]

He was very much just content with Rem waking up, breathing, and speaking to him.

Even though it was something rather unselfish, what Subaru had implored in regards to Rem having woken up, was only that she’d be in good health, thus these were, no word of exaggeration, his true intentions.

Of course, he needed to solve the issue of her missing memories. That, and Emilia, Beatrice, Ram and everyone who’d been left behind in the tower with the matter of Subaru and his group having gotten separated from them, ought to be quite worried.

He wanted to join up with them as quickly as possible. ――He wanted to get Ram to meet Rem, since she’d felt such love for her little sister, whom she didn’t remember.

Subaru: [Please, won’t you trust me here? Even if I were to give up my life in exchange… No, it means squat were I to give up my life, so I shall protect you at all cost. I swear it. That’s why…

Rem: [――. And say I take you up on your offer, then what will you do?]

Subaru: [Ah, right. Would be pointless to act with no-plan , so when it comes to one… ]

Receiving Rem’s prudent question, Subaru sought for the information needed to draw up a plan.

As aforementioned, Subaru and the others were in a vast grassland, however, they could see large trees growing close to each other, encircling the grassland.

Seeing they were intercepted by the canopies of the trees before they reached the horizon, the trees surrounding them at a 360 degree angle, it seemed like they were in an open grassland, a place such as that inside of a forest.

Truthfully, it was nothing but dangerous to venture into a forest on a land he was completely unfamiliar with, but――,

Subaru: [Firstly, the unbreakable rule when one gets lost in a forest is to let his allies know his location, using a GPS , but…]

Rem: [“Gee-pee-es”?]

Subaru: [I know. Nothing like that exists… It’s just that Beako has the connection she has with me, so there’s a possibility she could pinpoint my whereabouts with something similar. In a way,  you could say my existence itself is a GPS .]

Depending on the situation, there was also the possibility that Ram’s Synesthesia would detect Rem’s location. In that sense, both Subaru and Rem were fulfilling their roles as a GPS that connected them to their allies.

Subaru: [What’s left is securing a source of water… It’s important to get a hold of water, no matter what. It’s probably better if we chose our base camp, and start widening our field of search from there. Edible grass and fruits are… ahh, I was right to learn it from Clind-san. Gotta thank my mentor…]

During the process in which he learned parkour and how to handle a whip, Clind had hammered various techniques and knowledge into his head. There were times he nearly whined about giving up on the teachings of the versatile steward, but thanks to it being beneficial to him, Subaru could keep his guiding principle with him despite being in this situation.

Anyway――,

Subaru: [There’s a lot of other stuff as well, but it’s not like I’m trying to take action without a plan. Are you able to understand now?]

Rem: […To an extent. Even if I wanted to resist, I’m in this condition, so…]

Subaru: […That’s a remark that I can get a glimpse of your honest thoughts from.]

Subaru tested a smile, trying to reassure her, but her reaction wasn’t as good as he thought it would be.

Having lost her “memories”, there was no foundation for Rem to build her trust for Subaru on. If she could move her legs freely, then she might’ve already escaped from him long ago.

Though, he didn’t want to think of the misfortune that happened to her as something fortunate.

Subaru: [Your legs. I hope you can start moving around on them soon.]

Rem: [――Hk, even if you told me that, I don’t know. What are you going to do?]

Subaru: [I told you. Firstly, I’m planning on searching for water. There’s the thing with your legs, so I’m thankful if you wouldn’t act against me if you could…]

Saying that, Subaru closed the final step between him and Rem, crouching down and turning his back to her.

If she looked at his posture, even Rem would know what he was trying to do.

Rem: [Are you planning to bring me with you on your back?]

Subaru: [There’s also the choice to princess carry you, but I won’t last very long if I do that. If you would let me carry you on my back, I guess it’s very helpful, personally.]

Rem: [――――]

She fell silent for a while, staring at Subaru’s pitiful expression. After that, she slowly blew out a sigh, and tentatively reached for his back.

Rem’s slender arms slunk above his shoulders, interlocking in front of his chest. Feeling the tender weight on his back, Subaru took his time in standing up, making sure he wouldn’t shake Rem, who was clinging onto him.

He felt her weight. However, what he thought while carrying her on his back was that she was light.

During this one year, he had many opportunities to carry the slumbering Rem, but every time he did, he experienced how difficult it was to carry an unconscious person firsthand.

The sensation wasn’t there with the Rem who was holding onto him of her own accord.

Rem: [――? Is something the matter?]

Subaru: [No, it’s just that it was deeply moving, oddly enough. So, it’s about the search for water, but,]

Rem: [Before that… what will we do about that girl?]

Subaru: […Ah.]

Looking ahead of the place where Rem indicated by jerking her chin over his shoulder, Subaru remembered the problem.

On the grassland, splayed out on the grass while patting her bottom, the area she had hit on the ground, was Louis, who was tangled up in her own long, blonde hair. ――What should he do about this Sin Archbishop that was acting strangely?

Subaru: [――――]

Even Subaru knew Louis’s current state was unnatural.

She was an opponent with a mental structure that couldn’t be declared as decent, but it was because of her knavishness, not because he could see her previously hidden side of infantile regression.

In fact, she was quite intelligent for her age, and she also had the room to ponder over her devilish thoughts, something that was similar to swiping her tongue across the splinters in one’s heart.

What about the behavior of the current Louis?

Louis: [Aah, aauuh―]

Having been licking Subaru’s face at the time he woke up, growling like a toddler that didn’t know how to speak, and throwing a tantrum like an infant as a result.

There was no mistake that something immeasurable had occurred within her mind.

However――,

Subaru: [Will that become a reason for me to pity her?]

She was abhorrently evil. That truth would always be unwavering.

Louis, who he had faced at the last scene in the “Hall of Memories”, had been traumatized from experiencing “Return by Death”, becoming frightened of not only Subaru, but everything that existed in this world.

At that point, she had already become enough of a poor, miserable girl.

However, Subaru didn’t save her. He didn’t even think about wanting to save her.

Despite having many different options held in front of them, they continuously picked the choices that went against humanity, ultimately losing the opportunity to correct those, and cut off their own way out of it. The Sin Archbishops were those kinds of people.

Her two older brothers, as well as Louis herself, weren’t exceptions, either.

Committing unforgivable evils, Louis Arneb had turned into a degenerate deserving of being damned to hell.

――Why did Subaru have to save someone like that?

Rem: [You won’t help her?]

Subaru: […It’s complicated. I was in the same place as her, but she’s not really my ally. In fact, she’s on the opposite side of an ally. My heart won’t ache, even if I left her here.]

Rem: [――――]

Behind him, he heard Rem’s breath catching in her throat, but it was a reaction that couldn’t be helped.

From Rem, who didn’t know of Subaru’s circumstances, Louis probably only appeared to her as a young, helpless girl, just as what she looked like. Even if her true identity was one of the desecrators that toyed with a great number of lives.

That’s why Subaru had one choice.

Subaru: [We’re leaving her there… We can’t bring a dangerous element with us, much less a burden.]

Picking up Louis from the advancing shadows was an error of misjudgement that he made in the tower. Perhaps, if Subaru had abandoned her then and there, there could’ve been the possibility this wouldn’t have happened between him and Rem.

It was certainly what people would call as causing a hundred problems and bringing forth not a single profit.

Rem: [Is… that so.]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right. I can’t say I had a pleasant time waking up either, but…]

Subaru’s topmost priority was Rem, and then himself. He would never be confused about it.

With that intention, Subaru ignored Louis, who was lying down on the grass, and headed towards the forest on the opposite side to――,

Rem: [――As I thought, even if I were to be empty, I was right to believe in myself.]

It was said with a terribly icy, cutting tone.

Having that voice murmured by his ear close by, Subaru released a breath with an, “Eh?”. However, forbidding him from reacting any further, a pair of slender arms snaked themselves around his neck.

――Rem, who was being carried on Subaru’s back, was strangling him from behind.

Subaru: [――Gahk,]

Rem: [Saying things that sound pleasant to my ears before inviting me to come with you, and then abandoning the girl. How could I believe someone like that, telling me to put my trust in him? Stop messing around with me.]

The strength in the arms wrapped around his neck was certainly the strength of an oni, unlike her physically handicapped legs.

Unable to peel her arms away, Subaru’s breathing was blocked completely. Bending himself backwards, he wasn’t aiming to do so, but he fell onto the grassland on his back.

However, in spite of being crushed underneath him, Rem refused to remove her arms from his neck. Since she was behind him, he couldn’t flail his arms to free himself from her.

Why? The doubts and questions filled up the inside of his head.

He shouldn’t be asking “Why?”, because Rem had already provided the answer to that. In front of her, who didn’t know anything, Subaru had made too much haste out of his panicking feelings.

He was receiving retribution for that, like this――,

Rem: [Letting such a wicked stench drift around yourself, and saying you’re not scheming anything is a bare-faced lie in itself!]

Subaru: [――――]

A wicked stench. Subaru recalled his memories as he heard that.

During the time he had just gotten to meet Rem, the biggest reason she doubted him and regarded him as dangerous, was by no means the bad impression he gave during their first meeting, nor the shape of the eyes he was born with.

――The Witch’s Miasma.

Having lost her “memories”, even if Rem didn’t have anything left other than herself, she was still able to perceive it.

That was the largest factor that bought him Rem’s suspicions.

He was too late in remembering it, much less even noticing it, and――,

Subaru: [――ah.]

Thrashing and twisting his body around, Subaru attempted to make an excuse for his actions, but it was impossible.

Like that, Subaru’s consciousness fell into the deep abyss of the darkness, slowly and gradually.

The last thing he wanted was to be killed by Rem like this. He shouted that out with desperation.

His voice was silent, unable to be heard.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [――Hk, Rem!?]

The abrupt awakening of his consciousness, woke up Subaru’s upper body as though crashing into him.

At that instant, coughing violently due to the pouncing ache of his throat, whilst spitting out the phlegm stuck there, Subaru somehow raised his body and looked around.

The location was the meadow Subaru had been thrown into; those were his circumstances.

Though he was in a state of awakening he had remembrance of, he immediately discerned that this spectacle was not one yielded by “Return by Death”.

――Because, neither Rem’s form nor Louis’ form were to be found anywhere in his environs.

Subaru: [This place… is undoubtedly, someplace I was hurled to. I…]

Recalling the preceding moments, the instant he touched his neck, the pain regurgitated repulsive memories.

His throat strangled by Rem whom he was carrying, and just like that, he was robbed of his life. ――No, that was not the case.

Subaru: [My throat, hurts… that means, Rem didn’t kill me.]

She did strangle him, but did not go as far as to kill him.

Astonished by the judgement of Rem, who’d spoken with such an icy voice, Subaru spilled an exhale of relief and then immediately admonished himself that this was no time to be taking relief.

He did not die. In other words, the world was resuming onward from the earlier worst possible turn of events.

He had Rem doubt his humanity due to the scent of the Witch, and she had disappeared with the worst possible impression of him maintained. ――The reason why those two were not here must be because they sought to run away from Subaru.

In the end, Rem was repulsed by Subaru’s judgement of seeking to leave Louis behind.

Casting aside a young child in an unknown meadow, he must have seemed as a truly cold-hearted man.

Subaru: [I’m telling you that’s a misunderstanding, though she probably won’t trust me even if I tell her…!]

Whilst lamenting his consecutive misjudgements, Subaru straightened his cheeks and stood up.

Upon looking at the sky, he could tell from the position of the sun that not much time had passed. He did not wish to call this as good fortune, but Rem’s legs were not in a condition wherein they were at complete liberty either.

With her legs in that condition, she shan’t be able to run too far off. It’s proof――,

Subaru: [There are drag marks on the grass…! Now I can run after them!]

Should he pursue the two who ran into the forest spread wide in 360 degrees around him without any clues, then that would mark the beginning of a game of tag with an impossible level of difficulty.

However, should he follow the traces left on the grass then he would be able to grasp where those two entered the forest from. Though being able to further pursue them from there was the gamble,

Subaru: [When it comes to unfavorable gambles, I’ve taken them on for innumerable times!]

Shouting what was unbefitting of commendation, Subaru fiercely pursued the traces on the grass. With his feet’s ability, Subaru was able to immediately discern the position the two entered the forest from.

With exuberant foliage and trees, it somewhat matched Subaru’s impression of tropical rainforests.

For an instant he was reminded of watching information on the television that the Amazon Forest meant the point of death for humans as a matter of course――,

Subaru: [If Rem has entered into such a place, then that’s all the more reason for me to not overlook it.]

Both Subaru and Rem were here in a completely unprepared state for entering a forest.

When he thought of Rem, who had escaped into the forest with impaired legs in desperation, he regretted why he did something so foolish, and cursed every single bit of his judgements.

Subaru: [――Rem! Come out! Please! I was the one at fault!]

Within the forest, whilst walking over the soft ground and tall grass, Subaru called with a loud voice. Of course, it was possible that his voice would in turn buy Rem and the other’s anxiety, and make them keep their distance.

But still, it was far better than wandering around aimlessly in the forest, possessing no clues, possessing nothing to rely on.

Above all, he must undertake action he deemed as searching for Rem, or it felt like his chest would burst apart due to guilt and self-hatred.

Even though so many people made so many efforts for the sake of Rem, should something happen to her, just what would he be able to do in order to apologize.

Even though it was not even possible for him to apologize by giving up on his life.

Subaru: [Rem――! Where are you! Please respond! Please, don’t leave my side!!]

Thinking that he would not mind even should his voice run dry, within the obstructive trees of the dense jungle, he raised his voice.

And his limbs, as he passed through the forest, felt heavy accompanied with tremendous exhaustion. Now that he thought about it, Subaru’s body had overcome the fierce skirmishes that occurred in Pleiades Watchtower, and had gotten only a few hours of sleep.

Even if his recovery was augmented by the healing of the spirit of the “Green Room”, it was bound to eventually fail him.

Should he be untactful, then he may collapse out of relief upon finding Rem.

His guard up against that absurd possibility, Subaru aimlessly walked through the forest――,

Subaru: [Rem! Please respo~nd! I beg you, I’m sorry!]

His hands by his mouth, Subaru resumed with a loud voice.

A call from the bottom of his heart, yet the absence of any response whatsoever from her made his heart stand a foot away from crumbling.

With things remaining as is, pursuing Rem’s vanished form, he desperately darted his eyes around the dense trees of the forest――,

Subaru: [――――]

When he once again widely opened his mouth seeking to call Rem’s name, something entered the vicinity of his field of vision.

That was a slight change peeking through the gaps of the dense trees beyond the fallen leaves. Seeing it move differently from grass swaying in the wind――,

Subaru: [Re――]

It was the instant he embraced hope and turned towards that direction.

――The impact charging with tremendous velocity, captured Subaru’s chest from the immediate front.

Subaru: [―― H k !?]

Unable to shriek, his legs lost balance due to the impact, and Subaru’s body flew backwards.

Subaru: [Gah… wh, at… hk !?]

His thoughts thrown into chaos by the impact from the gaps through the trees directly ahead which he had seen, he darted his eyes around.

However, upon thinking about the impact he had received, he immediately understood that it was an attack. Thus, before he could even get his thoughts straight, Subaru tried to leap away from that place.

However, he failed to leap. Because――,

Subaru: [――Ah?]

Because, the thick arrow piercing through Subaru’s chest, had pinned him to the gigantic tree behind him.

Subaru: [Guh, bhugh… hk .]

The moment he directed his awareness to it, he vomited blood overflowing through his throat at once.

Stabbed through, massive quantities of blood from ruptured organs or otherwise flowed out, without cease. Vomiting blood instead of exhaling air, Subaru suffered whilst breathing once again.

Whilst suffering, he grabbed the arrow in his chest and tried to pull it out.

He couldn’t, not in the slightest bit. The arrow had firmly pierced through both Subaru and the tree, disabling all movement.

What was this arrow.

Hopeless, abnormal, a blow by a thick, mighty arrow. A truly tightly drawn bow, the body pierced by it was stitched and rendered immobile like a bug, only to flounder unsightly.

Subaru: [Egh, raegh, eem, gh…]

Through the gaps of the overflowing blood, he called the name of she who was yet in this forest.

What the call unable to vocalise words was charged with, was the evocation of caution towards the menace lurking in the forest.

Wielding a bow and arrow, someone lurking in the forest had aimed for him.

And, in this unseemly manner, unable to reach Rem, unable to accomplish anything, Subaru――,

Subaru: [――m.]

What the hell is going on. Where is this place, what should he do.

Welling up fever and pain he took notice of after a delay, spread through his entire body, and blood streamed out of Subaru’s eyes, nose, and ears as well.

Tasting the sensation of the disappearance of oneself and becoming empty, whilst feeling icy “Death” draw close to him, Subaru strained his eyes, made his throat tremble, and called her name until the end.

――Called her name, until the end.

Smeared in blood.

Until the very end of the end, he called, called, kept calling her name.

Kept calling her name――,

Translation notes :

[1] – In the Japanese text, Rem is using the first person pronoun 私 instead of calling herself by her own name, Rem, which she did pre-amnesia.

--- Chapter 2: Animal Tracking ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Source:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Beatrice: [――Listen, Subaru, I suppose. From now on, you need to understand that you’re always on the verge of death, in fact.]

Subaru: [Hey hey, this little girl-sama made a joke that’s quite unamusing.]

Beatrice: [Betty is not a little girl, and it’s not a joke either, I suppose! You need to take Betty seriously, in fact!]

As Beatrice said so with a reddened face, Subaru nodded with a “Got it, got it.”

He was sitting on the speckless carpet with his legs folded underneath him, in the middle of receiving a lecture from Beatrice-sensei, who was crossing her short arms, but it was simply going nowhere.

It was mainly because Subaru was butting into the lecture between her brief pauses, but――,

Subaru: [It’s all because of Beako’s cuteness. It’s not good……]

Beatrice: [Betty thought you finally put on a straight face, but what are you talking about, in fact!? ……Well, it’s common knowledge that Betty is cute, so that can’t be helped by now, I suppose……]

Subaru: [Your dere index is tremendous right after we got over the event ……]

Beatrice: [You’re going too far in pulling the rug out from under Betty!]

Beatrice stomped on the ground, making her anger known to him. Her current attitude looked like it hadn’t changed from before, but on the other hand, Subaru’s feelings were largely different.

Until now, they had often clashed over their ideas and opinions, and she had the impression of a kitten in a neighborhood that didn’t warm up to him easily. However, to Subaru, the current Beatrice was――,

Subaru: [Like an adorable pet cat that I want to spend time with by burying my face into its stomach.]

Beatrice: [Take! Betty! Seriously! I suppose!]

Subaru: [Bhargh!]

Murmuring that out with deep emotion, he was then sent flying by Beatrice, who had held out her hand towards him. As he stuck to the wall before crumpling down onto the floor, Beatrice gave him an exasperated shrug of her shoulders.

Beatrice: [Don’t make Betty repeat herself, in fact. This is an important thing to talk about, I suppose. It’s something that’s really dangerous if you missed hearing it, in fact. ――It’s about the problem with your gate, I suppose.]

Subaru: [……It’s about my gate, huh.]

He lifted up his body abruptly, sitting down cross-legged right on the spot where he had fallen.

Placing a gentle hand against his chest, he thought about the organ that was on the inside ― something that he couldn’t see with his eyes, nor touch it either.

Gates were an important organ that existed within living things, utilized in order to use magic in the world that had differing ideas from Subaru’s common sense. Whether it was of decent quality or not apparently had to do with one’s aptitude for being a magic user, and in Subaru’s case, the quality of his gate hadn’t been very good.

“Hadn’t been”, because his gate was already lost and gone.

Beatrice: [To be specific, you didn’t lose it. You broke it, in fact.]

Subaru: [It’s because I used it recklessly even after being told to not use it. Oh well, the next time I see Ferris, I’m going to get far more than a huge scolding. I went ahead and ruined all the treatment he gave me.]

Beatrice: [Congratulations on your newfound worries, I suppose…… A “next time” for this isn’t guaranteed, in fact.]

It was the outcome of completely ignoring Ferris’s advice, who had been in charge of restoring Subaru’s gate that had been strained from being overused. He shrunk out of fear, certain that Ferris would be angry with him with the ferocity of an oni, but there was a look in Beatrice’s eyes that implied the situation was graver than it seemed.

Beatrice: [As a result of your broken gate, you became unable to release your mana properly, I suppose. Even with that, mana will keep being produced, or absorbed for as long as you live, continuing to accumulate in your body, in fact. But, because you don’t have a way to get it out……]

Subaru: [Surely you won’t say that I’ll be filled up with mana and burst apart?]

Beatrice: [――――]

Subaru: [Wha, Beatrice-san!? It scares me when you become quiet!]

Subaru raised his voice when she averted her eyes, falling silent with an uneasy expression on her face. Seeing that he looked like he was finally paying serious attention to what she had to say, Beatrice raised a finger with a “Listen,”

Beatrice: [In all seriousness, your perception of it is correct, in fact. If things go on like this, your physical condition will deteriorate from the mana that gradually builds up in your body, and you’ll eventually go “boom” from the muddied mana, I suppose.]

Subaru: [So scary! Is there a way to do something about it!?]

Beatrice: [That’s where Betty comes in, in fact. Fortunately, Betty made a contract with you…… Subaru, and we connected ourselves to each other through our souls, I suppose. Just as Betty said, Betty is a little bit different from other Spirits, and requires receiving mana from other people, in fact. That means……]

Subaru: [――You’ll do something about the mana that’s piling up in my body, for me!]

Hearing Beatrice’s idea, one that was like a home run which turned the tide of a baseball match, Subaru stood up vigorously and lifted up her small body in his arms.

He continued to hold her up in the air as she cried out a “Nh, kyah!?”, starting to spin around on the spot,

Subaru: [You’re amazing, Beako! Actually, I owe your existence so much, I feel like I can’t stand on equal ground with you! With this, we’re in the same boat in both name and reality!]

Beatrice: [I-it can’t just be settled as that, I suppose! From now on, you must remember that every time you sour Betty’s mood, your life is going to be as flimsy as a bunch of foam, in fact. If you don’t want to die, continue to put your heart and soul into getting on Betty’s good side, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Heh, so you’re telling me to keep giving it my all in being affectionate with you. If anything, it depends on how long you can continue being spectacular and dazzling. That’s a big responsibility on your shoulders, Beako.]

Beako: [Why does Betty need to be told that, in fact! Betty can’t accept it, I suppose!]

Subaru kept spinning around while he listened to Beatrice’s red-faced shouting, with her still held up in his arms.

Spinning around, round and round.

Round and round, and round and round, and round and round――,

△▼△▼△▼△

Like that, the sensation of his field of view being spun around suddenly came to an end, and his consciousness was awakened.

The agony he was suffering through just before, something similar to the feeling of drowning had vanished without warning, and Subaru was assaulted by the pain of the unbalanced rhythm of his breathing, as well as the size of the ground that he felt on his back.

Subaru: [――k, ah, ghagh,]

He sat up while rubbing his throat, retracing his memories of what happened to himself.

At the same time, when he glanced at the center of his chest, he didn’t see the arrow that was supposed to be sticking out from there. Aside from it, the scratches he had gotten from scraping his body against the trees had also disappeared.

It was only natural it turned out like this. His chest had been pierced by that single, frightening blow.

Subaru: [I… died……]

Experiencing a vague sensation which felt like the ground was crumbling away from under his feet, Subaru’s blood ran cold as he shuddered.

As for the events which led to this, he was swallowed by the black shadow at the Pleiades Watchtower, and only a few dozen minutes after he was whisked away from there――that was all it took for Subaru to lose his life.

Once again, he understood the severity of the position he was in, and stood up. Somehow managing to support his unsteady body, Subaru surveyed his surroundings.

And then――,

Subaru: [Shit, this sucks……]

Confirming he was in the middle of a green, grassy plain that stretched far and wide, and also seeing the figure he wished would’ve stayed with him was nowhere to be found, Subaru cursed his misfortune.

This was unmistakably the grassland where he and the other two had been hurled to from the tower.

The problem was he couldn’t find Rem, who had been sent here together with him, and Louis was missing as well. To sum it up, the point in time where he had “Returned by Death” to was――,

Subaru: [After Rem choked me and made me pass out……!]

His restart point was the time after he had fallen unconscious, strangled by Rem who he had been carrying on his back.

It hadn’t brought him back far enough to make it so that Rem’s awakening never happened, and it also didn’t make it so that his final loop at the Pleiades Watchtower never existed, either. That in itself, was what Subaru wanted to say was good news.

Or, if he had been able to return to the final loop at the tower, it wasn’t like he didn’t hope for the possibility that he could’ve exchanged words with the missing Rem, a hope which only lasted for a fleeting moment, but――,

Subaru: [Am I an idiot? No, I am definitely an idiot.]

If he bore the feelings of regret to such a large extent, he should’ve made more time for her while he could still afford to come into contact with her, while he still had the time to speak to her, and while he was still graced with the opportunity to listen to her about how she felt.

To Natsuki Subaru, who hadn’t done so, he had no right to be lamenting in that manner.

Anyhow, right now――,

Subaru: [――I’ll find Rem.]

He had to chase after the runaway girl, and he had to clear up her misunderstandings.

If the reason for Rem’s escape was the Witch’s miasma that encircled him, then since he had just “Returned by Death”, the intensity of the smell had probably gotten stronger.

It was very likely that she would heed his words even less compared to before. However, the one year Natsuki Subaru had spent wasn’t so meaningless, to the point he would give up on her because of something like that.

Subaru: [Also, there’s the one who killed me…… Though, the arrow shouldn’t be an attack from Rem.]

The worst case scenario would be Rem launching an attack on him, which was a possibility that existed, but he couldn’t imagine her being able to gather the tools she needed to do so in such a short time.

Even more so, a bow and arrow was something that couldn’t be prepared so easily and quickly.

Subaru: [The arrow that pierced into me had an arrowhead, and it also had feathers attached to it…… Might’ve been because it punched through my heart, but I didn’t feel too much pain. Even though……]

If Rem were to be struck by the heavy-hitting, powerful arrow that was fired from the bow, then she wouldn’t stand a chance against it even with her strength.

Since she was unable to move her legs around freely, it would be difficult for her escape to succeed. At any risk, Subaru had to rescue her out of this place before she fell victim to the arrow.

Even if the amnesiac Rem didn’t consider him as an ally, that was.

Subaru: [Time to go, Natsuki Subaru. ――Show ‘em how great you can be.]

Slapping his cheeks, what he temporarily dismissed from his mind was the shock of “death” from just before, and the sorrow he felt from being disliked by the girl that was important to him. It was unknown if he could join her even if he found her, but finding her came first before anything else.

Being woeful and being angry, were all things that could be done while one was alive.

Subaru: [――――]

Letting out a deep breath, in the same way as he had done previously, Subaru trailed after the footprints that he deduced Rem had followed, judging by the grass that was tipping downwards, and jumped into the forest.

However, he was undecided on the decision of whether he should raise his voice loudly while looking for her, or not.

He had gone through an initiation process courtesy of the arrow, probably because the enemy came across Subaru while he was defenseless.

Whoever they were, their identity and objective were both obscure, but it was difficult to think of them as an amicable person, seeing they aimed to kill him with a single blow. There would be “death” if they found him. He should regard them as that kind of enemy.

Subaru: [But, since they’re using tools…… a bow and arrow, It’s not a Witchbeast, but it’s a human I’m up against.]

If his opponent was a human, then there was a chance he could get out of this situation without trying to kill each other, depending on how he negotiated with them. Although, he didn’t know if they would even sit at the table of negotiations to start with.

For the most part, in the total number of times Subaru had “Returned by Death” so far, the percentage of his deaths that were caused by humans and Witchbeasts seemed like it was leaning slightly towards humans.

Just because his opponent was a human who could understand what he was saying, didn’t mean he thought he could blindly form friendly relations between them.

He did think the likelihood of finding Rem would increase, if there were more people that were looking for her, but――,

Subaru: [――Cor Leonis.]

Shutting his eyes, Subaru drove away his rambling thoughts, activating the Authority that rested within himself.

The brand new power which demonstrated its fierceness in the Pleiades Watchtower, “Cor Leonis” was a probing skill that enabled him to detect the locations of his companions, those who would support the “Little King”.

Using this, Subaru desperately clung onto the hope that he could pinpoint where Rem was at.

However――,

Subaru: [……It’s no good, there’s no reaction. She might’ve gone far away from me, or if that’s not it… is it because she doesn’t think of me as an ally?]

Little was known about the exact range of “Cor Leonis”, but Subaru didn’t see the pale light which indicated his allies in the area where the ability took effect.

Thinking of the cause of being unable to detect their locations, Subaru came up with the distance between them and his relationships with them.

Emilia and the others had once been the targets of its effects, but he currently couldn’t perceive them at all.

Even if he personally knew both Reid and Gluttony, he didn’t know their locations as well.

He was certainly able to ascertain the activation of “Cor Leonis.”

If he were to say it, his ally radar was turned on, although it was in a nonreactive state. The reason why it became like that would be because Emilia and the others were outside of its range of effect, and Rem, who was supposed to be inside of its scope, didn’t place Subaru under her category of allies.

――The fact he also didn’t know the location of Louis, who was acting in unison to Rem, attested to his theory.

Subaru: [There’s no way I’ll ever treat her as an ally. It’s why she won’t appear on my radar that has my one-sided love for Rem.]

Coming to this point, Subaru regretted the poor communication that had occurred when he came into contact with Rem.

Since he was wrapped around in the Witch’s miasma, he was unsure of which words he could’ve chosen to say would’ve won over her trust. Despite that, even if he were to be deceitful, he was unable to say anything pertaining to protecting Louis nor bringing her along with them.

Subaru: [Shit, dammit…… why……!? Rem finally… finally woke up, so why do I have to……]

Play tag with her like this?

He had been waiting eagerly for the day Rem could stand up and move around freely on her own two legs, but when she actually sprang into motion like this, Subaru couldn’t help but resent it.

If he thought about who he should loathe as a result, all it did was make his anger surge up, directed towards the Sin Archbishops of Gluttony, involving Louis as well.

Subaru: [――――]

Keeping the thoughts in his mind that were going around in circles, Subaru gingerly moved through the forest.

He kept his body lowered as he walked because of the person that killed him once――he would be referring to them as a “hunter” since it was more convenient, but it was a desperate measure he took in order to avoid making contact with the hunter.

Subaru thought he should do something more, such as rubbing mud on his face, camouflaging his clothes with leaves, and applying the effects of deceptive colors onto himself, but he unfortunately couldn’t spend his time on those things.

If he at least precisely knew how much time passed after he was separated from Rem, his search for her would be getting somewhere.

Subaru: [Think, think…… It’s only during these times I can make use of my crafty mind. Rem forgot everything, and doesn’t remember. But, she still had the ability to hold me down and sense the Witch’s miasma. It means her episodic memories are missing.]

“Amnesia” often had an appearance in manga and games, but in most cases, the amnesia handled in these works corresponded to the lack of what were called episodic memories.

It was the same condition as Subaru, who lost his memories once in the tower as the consequence of coming across Gluttony ― no, that Subaru had only lost his memories which were made after arriving at the different world, so Rem wasn’t exactly in the same state as him, but it was something similar to that.

In other words, she was in a state where she knew the names of things, and she also remembered the reflexive actions absorbed into her body, but she lost the memories of her own name and the names of other people, as well as any details that tied into her recollections of the time she spent with them.

The evidence of Rem calling herself “I”, and being instinctively on her guard against Subaru because of the scent, was proof of that.

Subaru: [She must be confused. She can’t keep running away forever. If she separated herself from me to some extent, then she’ll make some time to calm down and reflect on herself. Even more so, if she took Louis with her.]

It was stupid of him to pray for such a thing, but he just wanted to wish Louis would be a grand hinderance and get in the way of Rem’s escape.

Throwing tantrums, refusing to walk sometimes, and continuing to cause Rem a lot of trouble, a chance for him to catch up to Rem would eventually come around if those things happened.

Or, it was also okay if Rem forsook her.

If Rem decided she wouldn’t be able to look after her because she couldn’t handle her, that could also――,

Subaru: [……Actually, I don’t know about that.]

He didn’t know if Rem would abandon Louis, seeing that she at least looked like a helpless infant.

Losing her episodic memories and being nobody in a sense, it could be said Rem didn’t have the inferiority complex she had from interacting with Ram, nor the establishment of her own identity.

Despite losing the existence of Rem, it was abnormal how Ram could remain stable, with there being no changes. He wondered if the same thing would happen to Rem.

She wasn’t sisters with Ram, her inferiority complex and her pride as a member of the Oni Clan was irrelevant to her, and she thought nothing of Natsuki Subaru. That Rem――,

Subaru: [――hk!]

As soon as he imagined it, Subaru felt a burning sensation in his chest, and took a large, mighty step forward.

The twigs he took his emotions out on by stepping on them creaked before snapping, and he leaned forward while walking around the tall grass that sat in front of him, nearly slipping on the muddy ground,

Subaru: [――Ah?]

Unexpectedly, the forest had opened up into a different terrain, and Subaru found he had exited out of it into another grassy plain.

Thinking he might’ve gone around the forest in circles, only to end up in the same place, the color drained from Subaru’s face. However, when he observed the area attentively, he realized it wasn’t the case.

It was similar to the first grassland, but the height of the grass beneath his feet were different.

Compared to the grassy plain at the beginning, the grass here was slightly taller. Adding to it, that place was completely surrounded by forests at a 360 degree angle, but this area only had the forest Subaru had rushed out of.

In front of him with the forest at his back, he could see a large horizon between the rifts in the grassland. The sky looked terribly far away and high up in the air, and the illusion of mysteriously feeling like he was being sucked into it was making the ground beneath him unsteady.

However, it wasn’t only the far away sky that caught his eye.

Closer and nearer to him than that, there was a small, open area created by cutting apart the grassland, and the camping tools placed over there ― in short, it was a sign of someone previously having been here.

Subaru: [――――]

Instantaneously, caution swelled and bubbled all over Subaru’s body, and his field of view was narrowed drastically.

Fortunately, there weren’t any silhouettes at the place he should refer to as a simple camping ground. Only the possible traces of someone camping out here remained, and it was hard to think of it as a trap.

The problem was about who exactly created this camping site.

Subaru: [The highest possibility for that is the one who killed me…… right?]

He thought about the hunter that brought him down. Upon proceeding to carry out a hunt in the forest, the odds of them setting this place as their base camp were high.

If it came to that, then Subaru should immediately move away from here, and ensure his own safety.

Whether he came across them in the forest or on a plain, there was no doubt the hunter was a dangerous individual.

It was often said that the Matagi [1] shot humans by accident because they mistook them for deer, but mistakenly shooting someone that was looking for their acquaintance while shouting loudly, because one confused them for a deer, was simply impossible when Subaru took their skills into consideration.

The hunter was a threatening enemy. He needed to conclude it as such before acting.

However――,

Subaru: [……If I could filch at least one knife.]

In order to march through the close-knit trees of what he should call a dense forest, Subaru wanted the assistance of a tool. Unfortunately, the only item which was currently in his possession was the whip he used regularly ― the Guiltywhip, crafted out of the materials from a powerful enemy.

His outfit, one that was for conquering the sandy sea, was kind of coming in handy for the conquering of the dense forest. Nevertheless, his situation would change drastically if he had even one bladed tool to cut up the trees so he could get a move on.

Therefore, things would go rather differently if he could obtain a single tool that was something like it.

Viewing it as such, Subaru finished his short period of contemplation, and walked towards the camping grounds.

He also had the choice to immediately make a quick turn and return to the forest, but considering what he was after, he wanted to avoid going back there empty-handed.

While paying attention to his footsteps and surroundings, Subaru entered the site.

Subaru: [There’s marks left from when they made a fire, and it’s shoddy, but…… is this a bed?]

He knew the traces of a burning fire were left in the center of the camp, and also that there was something which looked like a bed next to it, lined up with cut grass. There was no doubt someone had been living here.

The bed was empty as well, and it seemed like there was nothing else in the area, but――,

Subaru: [If I could just find a knife, or something like that――]

???: [――Huh, so you want a blade. Well, you have made your appearance at the right time.]

The moment Subaru tried to find a tool he could use, going on a brief search around the camp, he stopped as he heard a voice speak behind him and felt something cold being held to his neck.

His breath catching in his throat, upon lowering his gaze slowly, Subaru saw that the object raised against the right side of his neck was the blade of a sword, polished and refined beautifully.

Subaru: [――――]

Holding his breath, Subaru understood that he had given his opponent the right to decide whether to kill him or let him live.

However, his head was in a state of confusion because of the fact he had been spoken to from behind. ――He was cautious. He was cautious, with calculations thrown out of the window, because he was in a situation with his life on the line.

Of course, among the superhumans that lived in this other world, he knew there were people who could move at a speed his eyes couldn’t catch up to, and there were also people who could even pull off the likes of teleportation.

Despite that,

Subaru: [Did I really manage to roll one of the few exceptions here, at this time? ……How unlucky can I be?]

???: [Fool. Who said you could speak? You are to choose each and every one of your words with utmost care. Do not forget that your life is within our…… my hands.]

Even as Subaru cursed his own misfortune, there was no mercy in the voice of the person behind him.

Just as they said, they would probably immediately send his head flying if he tried anything funny. Feeling the indubitable, overpowering pressure asserting that things would definitely turn out like that, Subaru desperately tried to think of any ways he could make a breakthrough.

Judging from the voice, the person was a man.

Because he sounded quite young, he could be around the same age as Subaru, or slightly older. The way the man chose his words was peculiar, but it strangely didn’t feel odd to him.

And, more than anything――,

Man: [I see you are racking your brains in deep thought whilst your mouth remains closed. However, you are not thinking of throwing away your life and attempting to strike back…… Hm.]

The man had the insight that allowed him to discern the silent Subaru’s inward thoughts.

It seemed like he had considered something while looking at Subaru’s back, as he let out a breath that sounded like he was mulling over his thoughts, and,

Man: [You are dressed in a style that I do not see around these places. I do not believe it is suitable for the climate in Buddheim, either. Pale hands and feet…… you are not from the local area.]

Subaru: [I’m…… woah!]

Man: [Silence. Who said you could open your mouth? If you are to incur my displeasure next time, I would like to see you try speaking even after your head is separated from your body.]

The man had no intention of engaging in the conversation. Subaru was forced to realize it when a shallow cut was delivered to his neck.

Along with the pain from the prickling sensation, blood gradually spilled over the wound and trickled down his neck, but the man wasn’t finished yet with his examination of Subaru.

Man: [The whip at your waist is also extremely, terribly inconvenient to use in a forest. Your arms and legs are also somewhat trained, but it is not so much as to arrange you into the line of wolves…… It seems like you did not come here chasing after me.]

Subaru: [――――]

Man: [Why is it that you have fallen silent? If you would not explain yourself, would you rather die here?]

Subaru: [Eeh!? I’m allowed to speak this time!? Isn’t that unreasonable!?]

When Subaru protested against the man’s unfairness, the stern gaze boring into the back of his head became sharper.

Subaru stiffened, grasping that he said something unnecessary, but the rigidity of his body was finally loosened as the sword against his neck was drawn back.

However,

Man: [――Turn around slowly. If you try anything funny,]

Subaru: [You’ll lop off my head?]

Man: [No. I will sever your limbs, gouge out your heart, and incinerate it in front of your eyes.]

Subaru: [A threat that’s way too evil!]

Subaru got the message of the threat from its intensity, raising both of his hands, and started turning around bit by bit while proving he had no intention to counterattack.

And then, he took his time to set his eyes on the man that managed to get behind him――,

Subaru: [……Are you serious?]

――He came face to face with the man in front of him, whose face was hidden behind a rag wrapped around it.

△▼△▼△▼△

He really was a strange-looking man.

His height was only slightly above Subaru’s, and his physique looked vaguely slim. Showing his slender limbs as he stood, he held something similar to a saber or a rapier in his hand, a thin-bladed sword that had given a shallow slice to Subaru’s neck.

The outfit he wore consisted of noble-like clothes of excellent quality, and it could be said his style was more out of place than Subaru’s appearance. If he looked closely, he could see that the rag wrapped around his face might’ve been a cape.

Whether he sustained an injury on his face, or whether he simply didn’t want to show his face, it wasn’t clear why he wore the rag on his face, but――,

Masked man: [What is it? With your idiotic face.]

Subaru: [Setting it aside if you meant “idiotic look” by that, I was born with this face, so doesn’t it count as bad-mouthing me……? There’s this and that, but my reaction can’t be helped especially after looking at your appearance.]

Masked man: [You are making assumptions. I am also looking at your face, currently being once again suspicious if you are an assassin or not.]

Subaru: [People don’t get jobs assigned to them because of what their eyes look like! My role is just the exact opposite of an assassin in the first place. Rather than going on the offensive, I’m more of a defensive kind of guy.]

Without loosening up his vigilance, the man ― no, the masked man continued to point his sword at Subaru.

Responding to his voice that was laced with doubt, Subaru looked at the masked man’s equipment, and then at his baggage which was placed behind him, before furrowing his brow.

The man’s outfit, ill-suited for any camping or activity in the forest, had attracted Subaru’s attention, but what drew his focus more than it was the sack lying down behind him ― Subaru could only see it as something that materialized into the clearing without any warning, the same as the man that had appeared behind his back.

Adding to that, it was about the masked man’s equipment. ――He didn’t have a bow, nor did he have any arrows.

Subaru: [……It seems like you’re probably not the hunter.]

Masked man: [Hunter?]

Subaru: [It’s a personal matter. By the way…… are you able to do things like crossing a distance instantaneously, or becoming invisible… stuff like that?]

Masked man: [――――]

The moment he asked the question, the man’s black eyes, able to be seen from the gap in his mask, were narrowed.

However, the masked man’s reaction wasn’t one of anger nor one thinking of deserting him, but it was a reaction showing he took an interest in Subaru.

In fact, when the man let out a small sigh with a “Huh,”

Masked man: [Why have you reached an idea such as that? State your reasoning.]

Subaru: [……I was cautious of my surroundings before coming closer to this place, just in case. Of course, I know there’s tons of people who can tear through anything as poor as my caution, but you’re not one of them.]

Masked man: [Why is that?]

Subaru: [I want you to listen without getting mad at me, but I had a lot of opportunities to coincidentally come across a bunch of skilled people, or what you would call superhumans. Comparing you to those crazy guys, I get the feeling from you that you’re…… uh, ordinary.]

If he was talking to a notable warrior, what he said would definitely offend him.

Even so, it was what Subaru felt after facing the masked man in a conversation. He observed that the man in front of him was unquestionably able to use a sword, but his skill was average, having gotten to that point with a certain amount of training.

Looking at him from Subaru’s eyes, who knew people such as Reinhard, Garfiel, Wilhelm, and Julius, he could only say the masked man was inferior when he measured them side by side.

Subaru: [If that’s so, then the theory of you jumping here outside of my perception will be null and void. What’s left is the possibility of you instantly closing the distance and appearing behind me, or if that’s not it……]

Masked man: [It was either that, or I have disappeared from your sight by utilizing “Concealment”.]

Subaru: [――hk!?]

Soon after, Subaru jolted with astonishment as the man vanished from his field of view, despite having been standing in front of him.

However, his surprise didn’t end there.

Subaru: [You disappeared…… but, are you right in front of me?]

Masked man: [――You are correct. “Concealment” cannot remove even my presence.]

Receiving Subaru’s question, the masked man blinked back into view the moment he replied, standing in the same exact place in the same posture as before.

As he thought, the man hadn’t disappeared in the sense of being gone, but he only disappeared in the sense of being invisible. And, the fact he returned from that state the moment he answered Subaru’s question meant――.

Subaru: [It gets cancelled if you touch someone, or they become aware of you?]

Masked man: [Although, it is the ideal tool for holding one’s breath and lying low whilst being hidden.]

Saying that, the masked man lowered the sword he was pointing at Subaru, and directed it at the edge of the camping grounds. He was aiming it towards where his sack was placed.

Masked man: [The bed is a decoy. I was holding my breath over there, just slightly far away from it. I saw you sneak into here from the very beginning. How humorous you were.]

Subaru: [Looking from the side, people look super dumb when they’re on alert…… wait, that’s not important right now! You lowered your sword, so that means……]

Masked man: [You are not my pursuer. I have no clue of how, nor your motives, but you must be someone that has gotten lost. If so, I have no reason to condemn you severely for that. Neither do I need to teach you a lesson with this blade.]

As if indicating he had no intention to fight, the masked man withdrew the bare sword back into the sheath at his waist. Seeing it through, the tension in Subaru’s body finally softened.

The moment he relaxed, he came to remember his original plan.

Subaru: [Agh, it’s not the time to be calming myself. Hey, sorry for all these questions, but did you see a blue-haired girl? We got separated around here.]

Masked man: [Blue hair? No, I have not. Rather, making my way to this place, the first thing I saw was your face. What are you going to do about this?]

Subaru: [I won’t do anything about it, though!? I won’t do anything about it, but…… shit, it ended in failure here too, huh. Hey, this is a maybe, but is it possible for you to help me look for……]

Masked man: [――――]

Subaru: [Yeah, just as I thought……]

He failed to obtain a witness statement, and his last resort, relying on the rope of human relations, had also been chopped off in front of him.

Subaru received the masked man’s icy glare, knifelike to the point that it might cut anything that touched it, as the answer to his request. Like that, in order to take back the time he lost, he tried to return to the forest,

Masked man: [Halt. If you were separated in this forest, then reuniting is not a feat that could be done so easily. Although, I believe the best course of action is for you to prioritize your survival?]

Subaru: [――. Sorry, but not a chance. It’s just that she’s more important than my life. I’ll reunite with her no matter what it takes. No, I need to bring her home.]

Masked man: [More than your life, huh. Setting aside the bardic poetry of songstresses, I can only imagine those as empty words if I hear it in reality. I can only imagine it as that, but what is interesting are your eyes.]

When the intensity of Subaru’s gaze sharpened from the man’s attitude of ridiculing his recklessness, the man exactly pointed a finger towards his eyes. As Subaru drew back, thinking he was going to poke his eyes out, the masked man chuckled at him,

Masked man: [Those are eyes that do not tell lies nor slander. I do not know if it will remain the same when it is actually weighed on a scale with your life, but at this moment, it seems like you apparently did not line up any words of deceit.]

Subaru: [So…… so what? If what I’m saying is true, what will it,]

Masked man: [――It will more or less capture my interest. I shall allow you to borrow my intellect.]

With a finger, the masked man tapped the area around his temple.

Listening to his answer, Subaru thought he should just yell out, “Stop messing around!” at the man, but any harsh remarks such as that didn’t leap out of his throat.

Mysteriously, this was a strange thing as well, but he couldn’t find any feelings of suspicion he could direct towards the man. ――No, the man was shady. However, he had a persuasiveness that overpowered it.

It was most likely the effect of the natural-born charisma he held.

Masked man: [Describe the details of what exactly transpired. I will find you a way to search for her.]

Subaru: [……Me and her were suddenly hurled to this place.]

Before he knew it, Subaru was starting to answer the man’s question, slowly and steadily.

It wasn’t as if he actually believed in this guy, or trusted him either. ――It was just that he was desperate enough to be grasping at straws. When he felt like this, he wanted to rely on someone, even if they were less trustworthy than a pile of straw.

Maybe, it was just about that.

△▼△▼△▼△

Masked man: [You were careless.]

Like that, having finished hearing Subaru’s explanation of his circumstances, the masked man’s first words in response were biting.

Just as he had been asked by the man, Subaru had given a clean description of what happened between him and Rem ― omitting the complicated situation which also surrounded them.

He told him that Rem’s memories were jumbled, and that she had escaped after knocking him out. And, he also included the part where she was acting together with a dangerous little girl.

Subaru: [I know. I know, I was being a huge idiot. But, you won’t stop there… right? Exposing my recently acquired dark past, and being done after making fun of me……]

Masked man: [Fool. How could I bother to go as far as using my precious time to deride a jester such as yourself? ――That girl, she is able to think on her feet to a certain degree, yes?]

Subaru: [Ah, yeah, I think so, maybe.]

Intimidated by the air the masked man was giving off, Subaru nodded truthfully.

As a versatile maid, Rem played an active part in the various moments of daily life, but an evaluation such as that couldn’t be obtained just by being skilled at doing housework.

Determining the abilities of different people and placing them where it would be appropriate for them, before letting them act. ――Even during fights, she predicted his movements and moved in sync with him, despite him not saying anything to invoke that.

Rem was smart. Even if her memories had been lost――,

Masked man: [If that is so, it is highly feasible that you have been plotted against.]

Subaru: [Pl, plotted against? You’re saying I got tricked? That’s… I don’t……]

Masked man: [In this case, whether she has her memories or not is not the problem. What is important is that the girl is aware she is being chased after, and she has the capability to come up with this and that against her pursuer. For example――]

Cutting off his words there, the masked man stared at Subaru from head to toe with his black eyes.

Feeling like his thoughtlessness was being criticized, Subaru drew his shoulders closer to himself.

Looking at Subaru, the masked man narrowed his eyes,

Masked man: [For example, something such as purposely leaving traces in the grassland, to disguise the direction she had escaped in.]

Subaru: [――――]

Masked man: [You must have been quite anxious, after you awakened from being knocked unconscious. When you felt like you needed to find her as soon as possible, what would you do if there were footsteps, placed there as if it was being shown off to you?]

Ardent and eager, Subaru had run after the traces like a mongrel.

It was what happened in reality, and it was the answer to the mocking gaze of the masked man. Of course, he could make a retort, saying that wasn’t it, but――,

Subaru: [――. Sure enough, I couldn’t find any more traces deeper into the forest, coming from the entrance. But, I thought it was because the path was unsteady and hard to walk on……]

Masked man: [You do not avert your eyes from the truth that is inconvenient to yourself.]

Subaru: [I’ve known that I’m stupid and an idiot for a long time. It’s only that I have a gift for adaptability and willpower, something I’m on the same page with the other me.]

It couldn’t be conveyed even if he said it, but Subaru replied to the masked man as such.

Truthfully, the man’s speculation made a lot of sense. Looking back on it, the traces left on top of the grass felt way too “obvious”.

Among wild animals such as foxes and rabbits, there were those that did things such as purposely leaving behind footprints and jumping into a clump of grass midway, utilizing techniques which confused their predators.

The marks Rem left on the grass were the same, so what if it was a cunning trap in order to deceive him?

Subaru: [She made me go to a different direction, and went the other way instead……?]

Masked man: [In that case, the direction one will choose to go would often be the exact opposite. It is reasonable to select the method in which she could keep away as far as she could, considering her state of mind. ――Do you understand?]

Subaru: [……It’s frustrating, but I get it. Damn! That Rem!]

Just as the masked man said, if Rem had deliberately left visible tracks as a decoy, there was a high possibility she had made her escape towards the opposite direction.

However, if Subaru managed to get a good guess on her actions and went to the forest on the other side, he might be able to work out something to catch her. He somewhat felt like a villain, but――,

Subaru: [I’m used to giving others a bad first impression because of stuff like my face and body odor. I’ll definitely catch up to her!]

Masked man: [How high-spirited. ――Here, take this with you.]

Subaru: [Uweh!?]

Standing up, as Subaru attempted to dash away, unable to stand still for any longer, the masked man threw something at him after palming his sack of his belongings.

As Subaru looked at the thing he just caught in his hands, he saw it was a small knife, fitted inside of a leather sheath.

When he widened his eyes at it, the masked man shrugged his shoulders,

Masked man: [It is not a forest you could confront with a single whip. Utilize it to the best of your ability.]

Subaru: [I’m really thankful for it, but…… are you sure? I can’t do anything in return right now.]

Masked man: [I do not mind. Sometimes, I would like to be the one who bestows to another. Or, will you make an effort to deprive me of every one of my belongings with the knife?]

It sounded like he was joking, but it was true that he had given Subaru the power to carry it out.

The masked man had a certain amount of skill, but it couldn’t be declared that Subaru didn’t have a chance against him, no matter how slim it was. In that sense, the man’s actions were akin to a type of gamble.

However――,

Subaru: [――My name is Natsuki Subaru. This is unmistakably a debt that I owe you. I’ll definitely return the favor that I was given. I won’t try anything ungrateful.]

Firmly fastening the knife he received on his waist, Subaru bowed deeply. Looking at that, the masked man let out a small scoff with a, “Hmph,”

Masked man: [I have already shown you the way. Get on with it and go. By all possible means, you are to make every effort in winning over the trust of the runaway girl.]

Subaru: [I totally agree. Thanks for the help! Oh wait, that’s that, but……]

Masked man: [What is it?]

Waving his hand to express his gratitude, Subaru paused right as he was about to rush into the forest. The masked man’s voice had a hint of exasperation in it because of how busy he looked, but Subaru pointed his finger at the forest in front of him,

Subaru: [I’m passing through here to go back to the grassland I was in, but you shouldn’t really use this path. There’s a frightening hunter in here. They’ll try to kill you from afar with a bow, so no matter how many lives you have, it won’t be enough against them. If you’re going somewhere, I recommend you to take a detour around the forest.]

Masked man: [――. I see. I understand. I will keep it in mind.]

Subaru: [Yeah, please do that. ――See you!]

Hearing the masked man’s response, Subaru succeeded in preventing his benefactor from immediately being killed by the hunter, avoiding a potential situation that left a bad taste in his mouth.

And then, racing into the forest as fast as he could, he started running for the first grassland with all his might.

Subaru: [――It cuts really well!]

Fortunately, Subaru didn’t have much trouble returning to the first grassland.

It was because the knife he received from the masked man had a sharp edge, giving him a huge boost in slicing off the branches and leaves that obstructed his path.

Normally, when it came to a knife like this, it seemed like its blade would be heavily chipped if it were to be overused, but he felt no inconveniences such as that. Perhaps it might be an excellent blade of the highest quality.

Subaru: [His clothes looked pretty expensive, too. Who exactly was that guy……?]

While wondering about it, Subaru returned to the original grassland with great haste. After that, when he searched around the area where he had been led towards the opposite way――,

Subaru: [――Found it. This must be it.]

Just now, on the other side of the marks placed for show, Subaru discovered a set of footsteps left in an uneven shape on the grass. It looked like Rem had tried her best to rub out the tracks, but it was very likely that she could only erase her own, and couldn’t fully erase Louis’s.

Since traces of the effort that was put into removing the tracks were there, it was implausible to think of this as an additional decoy.

Which meant――,

Subaru: [Finally, I got something on you, Rem……!]

Although he was self-conscious of it earlier, he uttered the words that made him straight-up sound like a villain, running as fast as he could while chasing after the marks which became his newly discovered sign of Rem’s location. The tracks which continued to the entrance of the forest were the same as last time. However, it wasn’t possible to disguise the broken twigs at the entrance, nor the footprints in the mud.

Subaru: [I found it! If I use this――]

I can catch up to Rem , Subaru thought as he attempted to track the footprints in the mud with eagerness.

It was the next moment.

Subaru: [――hk!?]

As Subaru paid attention to the footprints, a tied vine broke apart below his feet. The recoil made the branch it was supporting shoot out towards him, and a powerful blow struck him from the side.

Subaru: [Gh, ugh,]

Receiving a horizontal lash from a branch about as thick as his arm, Subaru was sent flying at a long distance. A pained cry escaped from him as he rolled across the mud, unable to stand up from the impact of the blow.

His vision flashing and flickering between light and dark, and hit by a surprise attack that he wasn’t expecting, Subaru’s consciousness twirled around like the revolving light of a police car from the pain and the shock.

Subaru: [R-right now, could that be……]

When the pain was mitigated after a while, Subaru finally stood up on the spot. Though, he knew it was affecting his knees, and he also knew that a massive amount of internal damage was done on the side of his body.

However, his shock extended beyond that.

Subaru: [――A trap?]

Although she was running away, she wouldn’t end it with a simple escape.

Despite having lost her memories, she could exert herself to the fullest. That was how fearsome the girl ― Rem could be.

Natsuki Subaru finally realized it then and there.

――That this was the beginning of his second real, genuine battle with Rem, ever since he arrived at this world.

Translation notes:

[1] – Matagi = A band of people in the Tohoku region that hunts for a living. They follow traditional teachings and values.

--- Chapter 3: VS Rem ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Source:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [――Uwah, it’s just as I was told. What’s this? It’s not cleaned thoroughly at all.]

Peeking into the back of the shelf he had tilted over, Subaru grimaced at his own work.

With the suit coat of his butler outfit taken off and the sleeves of his shirt rolled up, Subaru was fully assuming the style of a cleaner ― however, the contents of his work deserved to have the title of “Apprentice” or “Poor” attached to the top.

Displaying the small amount of dexterity he naturally possessed, Subaru became able to do his job in the mansion more efficiently compared to before.

Just as he bore those thoughts, he felt like his hubris had been pointed at and called out.

There was one shadow staring at Subaru’s self-reflection from behind, sneering with a, “Hah!”

Ram: [Well, well, it’s just Barusu after all. You turn into such a wretched state when Ram thought she could try extending the range of your job, thinking you’ve improved…… You should be ashamed of yourself.]

Subaru: [Yeah, I don’t have anything I could say back against…… wait, I do! How come you have the right to stand with such a haughty attitude!? You aren’t doing enough work to lecture me like that!]

Ram: [Unlike you, Ram is very skilled at being efficient and well-organized. So, from the moment we allocated our workload in the morning, Ram guided it to make sure she would be in charge of the minimum amount of work.]

Subaru: [Not the skill to proceed with your work efficiently, but the skill to avoid working!?]

It wasn’t being victorious in a fight, but being victorious without fighting was the art of war.

That was what it looked like if put in a good way, and it was an excellent ability for skipping out on one’s job if looked at in a bad way, but it was too late no matter what Subaru wanted to say, because he wasn’t able to point it out during the morning.

Although――,

Subaru: [The shifted burden going to Rem…… is something neither me or you want, right.]

Ram: [Mn…… you’re quite brazen in spite of being Barusu. But, you have a point.]

As Subaru said so while scratching his head with disappointment, Ram narrowed her eyes at him. Like that, when the two turned their faces towards the edge of the room, there was the figure of a person who was moving around with haste, her footsteps pattering against the floor.

A blue-haired girl, wiping away at the trivial parts of the room in the vicinity of the damp spots on the floor, whilst swaying the hem of her maid skirt――,

Subaru: [――Rem.]

Rem: [Ah, yes, I’m sorry. I was a bit absorbed in my work. How did it go with the back of the shelf, Subaru-kun?]

The girl, Rem, smiled softly as she turned around to answer his call, asking him a question.

When that smile of hers was directed towards him, Subaru felt apologetic for having to give her a pathetic answer, but he resigned himself to his fate since it wasn’t something he could conceal.

Subaru: [Yeah, it was just as you said. Thoroughly wiping the places that can’t be seen easily…… Really, my attitude of being OK with only making the surface clean isn’t good at all.]

Rem: [No, that’s not true. When it comes to putting on a front and glossing over other issues, you’re second to none. You’re the best among those of the kingdom!]

Subaru: [You put it in a way that might get us sued for defamation!]

He knew Rem meant no offense, but it was an evaluation that stabbed him like a needle.

Being good at keeping a facade and hiding his problems was a trait he himself was aware of,

Ram: [As expected, you’re good at seeing through the essence of various things, Rem.]

Subaru: [You’re being noisy, nee-sama! I’m a little aware of it, so don’t make me feel any more downhearted than I already am!]

Subaru directed a stern look at Ram, who was crossing her arms while being seated on the bed. However, she met his eyes with a sharpened gaze, even more intense than his, causing him to flee dejectedly.

The person at the lowest position with the lowest power in this place was Natsuki Subaru.

Subaru: [Damn, it’s tough to be bullied by a senior maid…… In that regard, Rem is kind, right?]

Rem: [Yes, of course. Rem won’t say anything harsh to you. Rem believes that you will understand her even if she doesn’t say anything extra.]

Subaru: [Your kindness is going to tear a hole in me from the inside.]

Sliced up on the outside by her older sister’s wicked tongue, and ripped into tatters on the inside from Rem’s sweet, sweet poison.

Subaru felt like he was going to be confused, whether he was placed in a fortunate environment or whether he wasn’t, but it probably also pertained to how he perceived it.

Subaru: [Hey, don’t shut your eyes against your own faults, Natsuki Subaru. Putting nee-sama aside, isn’t it all about meeting Rem’s expectations for her? I’m gonna do it! Right, Rem?]

Rem: [As expected of you, that’s the spirit! Rem is deeply impressed!]

Subaru: [Heh, this positiveness of mine is also one of my special qualities. So, what should I start from?]

Rem: [Hm, yes…… Firstly, the sashes of the windows aren’t wiped properly at all, so let’s redo that. For the place above the shelf, please use a foothold to wipe it thoroughly, not just standing on your toes. As you saw, there’s no need to clean the back of the shelf daily, but it will become a huge mess if it’s not cleaned from time to time. And, it’s about the foot of the bed and the other side of the mat, but……]

Subaru: [Ahh, I’m under heavy fire! It’s going to make me fall forwards!]

As Rem immediately listed off what Subaru could improve one by one in overflowing numbers, speaking at a pace as smooth as water, he was unable to keep up with his mental note-taking. However, looking at the room from the perspective of Subaru, who was rated as the best among the kingdom at putting on a front and hiding his other problems, he was surprised to be told it had a lot of room for improvement, despite it appearing to be moderately clean.

Subaru: [Really, you’re very observant of things. Is it also a maid’s dedication?]

Rem: [Of course. Ah, but, if you think from another person’s standpoint, there are things you can eventually start seeing. Rem is always thinking about you, Subaru-kun.]

Subaru: [I’m happy, but the flaws of my cleaning… the dust-covered areas are being seen through one after another……]

Clenching her fist, Rem’s response was rather sweet of her, but it was awkward for Subaru.

However, she could direct her attentive gaze to even the miniscule details and carry out her work meticulously, which was the sign of her having the basics of a maid down, no matter how humble she was trying to be.

She undoubtedly lived up to the reputation of the versatile maid.

Ram: [It’s only natural. Because Rem is Ram’s adorable little sister.]

Subaru: [Wait, you’re the one who’s triumphant about it!?]

Rem: [It’s because nee-sama’s bold attitude fits her well, it being a part of her charm.]

As Ram acted all high and mighty on top of the bed, shamelessly cocking her head and leaning backwards to assert her posture, Subaru and Rem’s voices flew around her.

It was another scene in the everyday lives of the maids and the servant, who all worked at the Roswaal Mansion, and――,

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [――Gh, whoa! Hh, dah!]

The feeling of floating that lasted for a moment, and the pain from being caught by the firm, solid ground.

Knowing that he was going to fall, although he curled up his body and rolled forwards to soften his landing, it was still quite the impact.

The follow-up attack from the thick branch that laid on the spot where he tumbled down, was especially beyond what he expected. It dug against his shoulder blades, and the unanticipated pain made his eyes water.

Subaru: [Ow ow…… ahh, I’m glad there weren’t any follow-up attacks other than from Mother Nature. Thanks to this knife……]

Standing up while teary-eyed, Subaru sighed after he returned the knife in his hands back into its sheath.

He then spun around to gaze up at the trunk of the large tree, which he had been dangling from until now.

A long vine extended towards the ground from one of the thick branches of the trunk. It was cut off in the middle by the knife, but beyond the severed vine was――,

Subaru: [A ring…… I’ve seen those before in stuff like manga, but these kinds of traps actually work, huh.]

Saying so, Subaru removed the vine that was looped and tied around his right ankle.

The trap was set up on the ground, and it had a function where it tightened itself around one’s foot should they try to pass above it, leaving the person suspended in midair ― to be honest, even though Subaru fell for the trap, he had no idea how it was able to make that possible.

And, he also didn’t have the spare time to search for this and that in order to find out the answer, either.

Subaru: [Although she doesn’t have her memories, her knowledge and skill are left as they are, huh…… When I’m in the position of chasing after her like this, I see Rem really is nee-sama’s little sister.]

It was already obvious from the start, but he was forcefully reminded of it yet again. Of course, he didn’t want it to be pointed out to him in this manner, so it felt quite unpleasant to him.

――Over an hour had passed, since Subaru entered the forest in pursuit for Rem.

Following the advice of the masked man, who he met on the other side of the forest, Subaru was able to detect Rem’s attempts to disguise the escape route she used with Louis in tow.

Thanks to it, he could undoubtedly say the distance between him and the two was shrinking. However, the greatest factor of why he wasn’t able to close the distance to zero, was because Rem’s wariness was his biggest obstacle.

Rem was cautious of the Witch’s scent ― the miasma that encircled him, not limiting herself to only camouflaging her and Louis’s footsteps, but also placing traps everywhere around the forest to slow him down.

Ever since he received the powerful blow at the beginning of all of this, Subaru discovered (or you could say that he fell for) traps that amounted to a number above ten. Knowing Rem was carrying out the positioning of those numbers of traps while running on her unsteady legs, taking a deadweight with her to add to that, Subaru had to be deeply impressed by her.

Subaru: [If it’s something like tying some grass or digging a shallow pitfall, it’s actually cute, but……]

Minor traps with the purpose of tripping him or spraining his foot. If it came to those kinds of traps, it wasn’t as harmful, and it also wasn’t much of a hindrance to his continuation of tracking Rem down.

However, their number was abnormally high, and it was troublesome because he needed to be on the lookout for them, when he navigated the areas with considerable amounts of grass and fallen leaves.

Subaru: [It’s difficult for me when with Rem’s strength, it takes one try for her to make a pit that only traps one of your legs…… The difference between the physical abilities we were born with are showing.]

Mingled among the minor traps were the intermediate traps made out of vines and fallen trees, similar to the one which pulled him into the air, fully aiming to slow him down.

If Subaru hadn’t been blessed with the opportunity to obtain a knife by some miracle, how much time would it have taken him to free himself from the vine trap? There was also the likelihood of the recommencing of his chase being delayed even further, due to losing his cool in one way or another.

And, what made the panicking Subaru hesitate the most was――,

Subaru: [Sh!]

He lashed out the Guiltywhip he drew from the back of his waist, the tip of the weapon delivering a powerful strike to a suspicious spot on the ground.

The next moment, aimed towards the spot, two or three branches swooped down onto it, rebounding through the air with a devastating amount of power. It had a force that would be strong enough to break one or two of his arms, if he had been hit directly by those.

Large traps, which existed to seize Subaru’s ability to take action ― there weren’t many, but the fact that these traps had been indeed set up was hampering the speed he was advancing through the forest at.

He could also say the single blow he received from the thick branch at the entrance, was one of Rem’s large traps.

As Subaru continued deeper into the forest, the danger and power of the large traps was increasing. Instead of thinking that Rem, being chased, was losing her mercifulness, it was more as if her skill was growing.

Subaru: [She’s learning and getting even better at making traps, while creating them during her escape…… Damn, as expected of how hardworking you are, Rem. I didn’t want it to be demonstrated against me right now, though.]

He knew Rem was a hard worker who tried her best at everything, and he was also happy those qualities weren’t lost, even in the present situation where her memories haven’t returned. However, that was beside the point.

To put it short, Rem was growing throughout their battle. Considering Subaru’s own growth was pretty much at its limit, to make matters worse, the already severe difference in their capabilities would be even more noticable.

He had to capture her before this difference became set in stone, but――,

Subaru: [――――]

Dismantling the large trap in front of him, Subaru held his breath for a moment.

Restlessly glancing around the area around him, what he seeked after was the next escape route of Rem, who had created the trap he just took apart. In order to find it out, there was a need to follow the little amount of tracks she tried to cover up.

Of course, he could think of a situation where she left no traces behind at all, but the current Rem didn’t have the ability nor time to pull that off. Because of that――,

Subaru: [――Found it.]

In the gap between the trees, where the trap was previously set up, Subaru discovered the sign of tree bark having been plucked at, albeit only a little.

It was unrelated to the large trap, and it was a tiny scratch that was similar to a cat dragging its claws against a pillar of a house. However, these childish scars had served a purpose in leading Subaru to this point.

After all, the true identity of these scratches were the tracks left behind by the “hinderance”.

Subaru: [――――]

It was an ironic thing, but the primary factor that got in Rem’s way and allowed Subaru to continue his pursuit, was the existence of the Sin Archbishop she was taking with her on her escape ― Louis Arneb.

Rem and Louis, Subaru didn’t know how compatible they were with each other, but what he could observe from the little scars was that Louis wasn’t very well-behaved and cooperative with Rem’s actions.

No matter how hard Rem tried to erase their footsteps, Louis was ruining all of her efforts.

Subaru: [Shit……!]

Taking notice of the good news as Subaru used it to assist his chase, his feelings remained cloudy, the rays of revitalization refusing to shine through them.

It was only natural. With it resulting in Louis’s existence giving Subaru a helping hand, if he thought about his relationship with the evil Sin Archbishop, he couldn’t be rejoicing over it.

Even if it wasn’t Louis who directly stole Rem’s “name” and “memories”, the three siblings, representing the Sin Archbishops of Gluttony, all bore sins to an equal degree. Only one of them having the weight of their sins lightened was something that wasn’t going to happen.

It didn’t matter if she didn’t have a physical body that existed in the world, or if she strayed off the correct path in the way of life.

That was the conclusion Subaru made against Louis Arneb, who had been ranting, screaming, and bawling her eyes out in that white-filled world.

Because of that, even if Subaru could catch up to Rem successfully, and entered the stage of persuading her, he had no intention to make a compromise on how Louis would be treated.

In the first place――,

Subaru: [Why the hell… do I have to play tag with Rem like this……!]

As he thought about catching up to Rem and discussing what they would do about Louis, Subaru bit his lip out of the anger rushing back into him, despite leaving it out of his mind until now.

He had considered the possibility of the awakened Rem having lost her “memories” and “name”.

Of course, it would’ve been the best if the original, complete Rem had returned, but since there were previous cases such as Crusch and Julius, he couldn’t really expect Rem to wake up in her former state.

His worries had nailed the problem right in the center, and as a result, Rem had forgotten about herself, as well as Subaru.

Even if things turned out like that, Subaru thought he could withstand it and support her.

Emilia and Ram, Beatrice, and the others ― with the members of the camp helping each other out, everyone could support Rem together. That was the source of why Subaru could stay put.

However, right now, in the forest with none of the people Subaru could rely on, he was in pursuit of the runaway Rem.

Subaru: [Why… did it turn out like this……? Why does everything always……]

Didn’t allow him to settle down anything neatly and smoothly?

Rem would wake up after remembering everything, and although she would be surprised at the time that had passed during her slumber, they would weave the story that laid ahead of them, together. He was fine with that.

Even if Rem were to be in the same state she currently was in, if Subaru’s allies, who would do their best all together as a group, were there for her and stood by her side, then he wouldn’t have been tormented by a disaster like this. He was fine with that, too.

Fate always had the harshest, cruelest path in store for Natsuki Subaru.

And not only did it prepare that for Subaru, but it also directed that towards the people around him, who were dear to him.

Subaru: [――Have you complained enough already, Natsuki Subaru?]

Gnashing the back of his teeth together, Subaru delivered a strong slap to his cheeks using both of his hands.

The sharp pain and the impact rocked his consciousness, and Subaru temporarily left behind the feeble thoughts he had been harboring just until now.

Yes, fate invariably showed him the cruelest path every single time.

That was why Natsuki Subaru was constantly beaten down by hardship and suffering in the form of a whip, standing up every time he fell despite feeling like he was on the verge of vomiting up blood, and continued to face the front.

Subaru: [The man who finally made his hardships into his own whip. That’s me.]

Strictly speaking, Guiltylowe, the Witchbeast that became the raw materials for the whip, was not quite a wall that obstructed his path, and it was on the lower difficulty level among the other hardships that blocked his way. Subaru declared it as such.

Talking big and lifting his own spirits, stirring up his emotions, concentrating his crafty mind, and searching for a way he could fight. It was what Subaru had been doing until now.

He had been following through with it to a foolishly honest degree. He didn’t have any other way to do it. So, he would do the same for today as well.

Subaru: [Think, think, think, me. Even if I keep chasing after Rem, she’ll eventually realize that Louis is screwing up her plan. If that happens, then the tracks would be cut off sooner or later. Before that happens……]

――He either had to catch up to them, or figure out a way to forestall them.

Subaru: [――――]

Analyzing the difference in their fighting strength, Subaru racked his brains with all his might, trying to pinpoint the strengths of both the opposing party and himself.

As of now, Rem’s strengths were her dexterity and her attentiveness, things which weren’t lost even if she didn’t have her memories. He wanted to watch over the speed of her growth as she became more adept at setting traps, the cuteness of her face and voice, and how she was taking action, but those could wait.

On the contrary, Subaru’s strengths were his handling of the whip and knife, the clues Louis was leaving for him, although it was vexing to think she was helping him, and regarding the mean-looking shape of his eyes as a part of his charm ― he could point out that he knew what kind of person Rem was, even more so than Rem herself.

Subaru: [……Rem must’ve already noticed me chasing after her.]

The existence of the countless traps proved it, but Rem had been guessing that Subaru was hot on her heels.

If not, there was no reason for her to prepare an excessive number of traps to this extent. She would’ve only placed a few traps just to be safe, and prioritize her escape.

Instead of doing so, she continued to set up various traps because she was certain that Subaru was after her. And, the reason why she could be so sure of it was because of the Witch’s miasma, as he had thought.

Subaru: [ Exactly h ow much does my body stink right now……?]

Subaru sniffed his arm, but while he could detect the scent of sand and sweat, it wasn’t as much as scattering a rancid odor all around himself. Of course, people said that it was hard to notice your own smell, but in this case, the problem was the Witch’s miasma being only able to be recognized by the ones who could recognize it.

Previously, he heard something about the scent fading away day by day from Rem and Beatrice, but it would drastically increase its putridity depending on if it was right after he “Returned by Death”, or the frequency of its usage.

And, in half a day, Subaru’s looping in the Watchtower had piled up approximately twice as many Natsuki Subarus, and he was then hurled to a place like this.

That meant――,

Subaru: [――In the history of my life in this world, the man who reeks of the Witch the most is the current me.]

It was unknown whether there was a limit to the Witch’s miasma or not, but Subaru could guess that the current him was emitting a substantial amount of it. If it’s the case, then his pursuit had definitely been found out already.

When it becomes so that Rem was unable to keep away the distance between them despite continuing to run and escape, she would eventually grow impatient.

Usually, teasing his opponent and leading them to make an error was a common trick of Subaru’s, but he also wanted to build a new, friendly relationship with Rem, so he didn’t want to rely too much on the method.

Subaru: [Something good on one side would be bad to the other…… It’s impossible to appease both sides.]

The fact that the saying was being carried into real life, showed how bad the current situation was in a straightforward manner.

Thinking it as such, Subaru deactivated two or three minor and intermediate traps, chasing after the route Rem took while following the clues left by Louis.

He genuinely felt like Hansel and Gretel, who picked up crumbs of bread as they made their move. However, the difference was Subaru being alone, and also the group of two being the ones on the run.

Subaru: [And it’s in a pretty obvious place this time. Next is……]

Discovering the stripped bark of a tree, Subaru determined the next path he would be taking.

Louis didn’t intend to let Subaru know of her and Rem’s whereabouts, so if there wasn’t any sense of unity between the marks that became his clues, there were many cases where it was hard to find them.

Quite possibly, while Rem worked to create the traps, Louis, who was left by herself, was just doing as she pleased. That was probably the truth of the matter.

The clues Louis left continued to be difficult to find for a while, but it was very helpful when he finally came across an obvious one.

Subaru: [I’m glad it was left there. If Rem found it and erased it, the trail of clues would be……]

Cut off, he almost said, before taking a pause in his words.

Then, he returned to the tree he had just passed by, staring at where the bark had been peeled away. The tree was large and sturdy, and the bark was pulled off from a spot that rather stood out.

Would Rem really fail to notice such a thing?

Subaru: [――――]

The part where he was confused by the footprints at the grassland, Rem gradually becoming proficient in her trap-setting skills starting from there, and a large portion of bark being stripped from the tree in front of him in an exaggerated manner.

The three combined themselves inside of Subaru’s head, completing the puzzle of the odd feeling he had.

Eventually, a single answer was derived inside of him.

Subaru: [If it’s the Rem I know……]

If it was Rem, who was tactful and good at being attentive, she would’ve eliminated any plainly visible tracks.

Since the clue in front of him was left alone, unless Rem had sunk into quite a state of tunnel vision――,

Subaru: [――Hah!]

Towards the path he had tried to move past, Subaru ripped out a chunk of thick grass from beneath his feet and hauled it in that direction.

The grass, with soil entangled in between its roots, drew a parabola as it flew at the patch of tall grass――,

――Immediately after, the patch of grass made a terrifyingly gigantic sound as it plunged down, and an enormous pit engulfed the earth.

Subaru: [Whoa……!]

A large hole materialized in front of him, almost making him wonder what the other pitfalls from the minor traps were for. Nevertheless, the trap didn’t end there.

Aiming for the huge pit that made its appearance, the surrounding trees creaked as they snapped apart and collapsed. The fallen trees tumbled into the large hole one after another, and the freshly-opened pit was immediately refilled.

If Subaru had fallen into that enormous pitfall, he would’ve been stuck and entombed in there by now, buried alive.

Coming to this point, a daring, powerful technique had been executed, having used the other traps until then as a psychological trick.

The clues that had been serving as a hint for Subaru’s pursuit, was waiting with its mouth wide open as a trap to bury him alive.

He wanted to applaud it for being a measure that was very Rem-like, but――,

Subaru: [――The Rem I know wouldn’t end it with this.]

If one set psychological traps, then the best result would be their pursuer falling for it and being forced to stop moving.

However, the Rem he knew was attentive, a hard worker, had a cute face and voice, warmed his chest just by how admirable she was with her actions, and――,

Subaru: [Would initiate an attack if she got tired of waiting. ――Isn’t that right, Rem!?]

Subaru spun around after he said that, gazing up at the tree with its bark peeled off.

It was just at that time.

[――fh!!]

That Rem gritted her teeth, launching herself at Subaru from a branch of the very tree.

△▼△▼△▼△

Unable to pull away her pursuer from herself, and the traps not even serving to fix him to his spot.

When put under such a situation, what would the Rem that Subaru knew do about it?

Being able to pinpoint the location of her opponent because of the smell, if she also managed to distinguish the identity of the bread crumbs her opponent was relying on, she would use it against them and trap them, trying to eradicate the cause of her escape directly.

And, Subaru’s prediction hit the nail right on the head.

The problem was――,

Rem: [――Haaaaahh!]

The difference in their fighting strength, as Subaru was unable to stop Rem’s lunge towards him.

As he cried out, “Gh, whoa!”, he was then blown away by an arm from the falling Rem.

Truthfully, Rem moving around to that extent despite not having the full use of her legs, and his body immediately jolting into action to try and to catch her, were both things that went beyond what he expected.

Rem: [You’re so persistent! So, so persistent!]

Subaru: [Wa… wait, Rem, please listen to……]

Rem: [How insistent…!]

She swung around her arms, one of them hitting Subaru and causing blood to start flowing down his nose. He appealed to her, although he was stained with blood, but Rem wouldn’t listen to him since she was flying into a rage.

Rem was on the forest floor on her hands and feet, glaring at Subaru with her blue eyes.

Rem: [If you gave up on us there and then, I wouldn’t have done anything more than that. And yet, you continue to chase after us…… Please stop!]

Subaru: [It really hurts when I get told that in such a simple way……]

Rem: [My nose feels like it’s going to be twisted off! When you come closer, I can immediately notice it. Worst of all, it became stronger compared to the grassland before……]

Holding down on his bleeding nose, Subaru staggered to his feet.

Subaru, who could stand up, and Rem, who was on all fours. The situation seemed like it was in Subaru’s favor, but it was merely an advantage that could be easily flipped over by one thing: physical strength.

To add to that, if Rem started moving swiftly like a Teke Teke [1] using only her arms, Subaru would be knocked down into the gigantic pitfall this time for sure, and it would be the end of him.

He had to clear her misunderstandings while measuring the distance between him and her, little by little.

Subaru: [Rem, please listen to me. It seems like I’m considerably stinky to you……]

Rem: [……Yes, you stink.]

Subaru: [A nostalgic way to put it……! It seems like I stink, and I know you feel like it’s something that’s no good, but I don’t bear any ill will towards you!]

Raising his hands in the air, Subaru showed her that he wasn’t planning on being antagonistic to her.

However, in spite of his claim, the wariness on her face refused to dim. To that extent, the Witch’s miasma was the primary factor in driving the empty Rem into a corner.

No matter where he went, anything related to the Witch really didn’t bring about a decent situation.

Subaru: [There’s the thing with my smell, and I’m aware I gave you a terrible first impression. Even with this, I’ve put up with the existence called myself for eighteen years. So, please let me redo this.]

Rem: [……Redo this?]

Subaru: [I was the one at fault. Even though you were worried and anxious, having forgotten everything, I couldn’t explain a single thing for you. All because of my personal matters, I wasn’t able to listen and be thoughtful of your feelings……]

His eager thoughts and impatient feelings, those were the reasons he couldn’t be considerate towards Rem.

The blame was entirely on those two reasonings ― it was easy for Subaru to defend himself like that. However, what meaning was there to a poor, scanty bout of self-justification?

What he needed wasn’t the words to protect himself.

He needed the words to appeal to Rem, to relieve the tension in her stubborn heart.

Subaru: [You’re important to me. I only want to protect you. So, please listen to me. Please don’t reject me. ――Please, give me one more chance.]

Rem: [――――]

Both of his hands still raised up, Subaru bent over to bow deeply on the spot, pleading to her.

He didn’t know if he was able to be sincere towards her with his whole body and his soul, but he at least put his inner feelings into it. If it would sway Rem’s heart even a tiny bit, if she would give him the opportunity to explain himself――,

Rem: [――Is that all you have to say?]

Subaru: [……Eh?]

Rem: [Is that only what you’re offering an explanation to me for?]

Subaru timidly raised his head from the reply he received from her.

The emotion that was thick in her voice was different from what he had hoped for. However, it was also unlike what he expected to happen if things went wrong, and it caused him to be bewildered.

Rem’s voice was adorned by a silent rage, an unbearable amount of fury.

Subaru: [Re, Rem……?]

Rem: [The fact that you’ve chased us around, and the fact that you’re emitting an awfully evil stench is suspicious, of course, and I think it’s terribly strange. But,]

Cutting off her words there, Rem drew her lips tightly.

That was also as if she regarded Subaru, who remained unsure of the answers that lied ahead, as an unpardonable villain from the bottom of her heart, hostility gleaming in her blue eyes.

Rem: [More so than any reason, you can’t wipe away the truth that you tried to abandon such a little girl. How are you telling me to put my trust in a ruthless and despicable person like that?]

Subaru: [――ah,]

Subaru was left speechless from the gaze that condemned the wicked.

The words that were thrusted against him permeated into his brain, and Subaru understood he made the wrong choice in obtaining Rem’s trust with his first move, whether he could gain it or not being completely separate from the Witch’s miasma.

His mean-looking eyes which he inherited from his mother, and the miasma that was forcefully shifted onto him, were not the reasons that damaged Rem’s trust in the real sense.

It wasn’t the things he already had with him, but his own actions that destroyed her belief in him.

Even if Louis were to be a Sin Archbishop, the incarnation of evil. From Rem’s eyes, who knew nothing about the matter, she was a young, weak little girl, and Subaru had overlooked it.

Subaru: [――――]

He couldn’t find the answer to what he should say immediately.

Subaru overcame many hardships on countless occasions. Sometimes he lost his life, unable to overcome them, and he had searched around for solutions from a different angle, but the answer for this very moment didn’t lay inside of him.

His apology, his excuse, or the truth. Which one did he need to prioritize?

Apologize for the fact he tried to forsake a child?

Make excuses to gloss it over, saying he had a reason to do so?

Tell her the truth that the “weak little girl” was actually a young monster?

No matter which one he picked, he didn’t feel like he could change the distrusting stare from Rem, who was in front of him.

And that was the result of Subaru’s actions, already set in stone by “Return by Death”.

Rem: [――You’re saying nothing more.]

As Subaru’s gaze wandered around, his cheeks hardened, and no words came out of his mouth, Rem grew tired of waiting for him.

She heaved herself up with tremendous effort, trying to distance herself from him. ――It seemed like she didn’t intend to beat him down on the spot, in order to sever the source of her worries for her future.

Perhaps she thought the devastated Subaru wouldn’t chase after her.

Of course, that wasn’t happening. Even if he was brushed off here, he would continue to extend his hand towards her until she took it.

Parting ways ― that wasn’t happening. That wasn’t happening, but――,

Subaru: [――Re,]

Changing the direction of his body, Subaru tried to call for Rem, who was about to leave the area, to stop.

Firstly, he called her name, not thinking of any other words to continue his sentence, simply trying to call for her.

And then――,

Subaru: [――――]

As Subaru nearly reached his hand towards the back of Rem, who twisted her body around, a change occurred in his field of view.

It was a tiny flicker of a shadow, beyond the dense trees ― and he recognized it.

Subaru: [――Rem!!]

It’s coming . Faster than the thought emerged into his mind, Subaru threw himself at Rem’s back. Caught off guard by his sudden action, Rem stiffened her petite body.

It was the moment he embraced her small body as if he was wrapping himself around it.

――An arrow that was released from the heavy, powerful bow flew over their heads, and a hulking tree was blasted away, having the center of its trunk pierced through.

Translation notes :

[1] – Teke Teke = A ghost from an urban legend. It looks like a middle school girl or a woman, whose lower body was severed from getting into an accident.

--- Chapter 4: A Brave Choice ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Source:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [Whoa!]

The grip he had on his whip was wrenched away, just as he felt a sharp blow to his right hand.

He immediately tried to resist it, exerting his strength into his hand, but it was no match against the force snatching away his whip. On top of that, he was pulled forwards and fell down, flipped upside down onto the ground with an, “Abeshi!”.　[1]

Subaru: [Ouch……]

???: [The only way to improve, is to dedicate yourself to trying your best everyday. It seems like you still have an insufficient amount of training. Very poor.]

Subaru: [I don’t have anything to say to that……]

Subaru flopped down onto the bare ground, grimacing as his lack of skill was harshly pointed out to him. He sat up slowly, his gaze clashing with the intelligent, handsome man.

The man had a sharp look in his eyes that reminded Subaru of reptiles, and he also had deep blue hair, cut and arranged evenly. Just like the impression he gave off, with his butler outfit and the monocle on one of his eyes, he was a formal, proper, and smart professional.

His name was――,

???: [――Clind! How could you do such a disrespectful thing to Subaru-sama!]

Clind: [――――]

The young man, called Clind, wordlessly turned his gaze to the side. As he did so, the figure of a tall woman, lumbering towards them, jumped into his field of vision.

She was a stylish and beautiful woman with exquisite green eyes, her long, blonde hair swaying from side to side. Clothed in a maid outfit with black as its main color, she passed by Clind and walked towards Subaru, who was still on the ground, and gently held out a white towel to him.

Woman: [Are you alright, Subaru-sama? From what I can see, you fell onto the ground face-first……]

Subaru: [Yeah, I’m fine, Frederica. My clothes got a little mud on them, but that usually happens.]

The beautiful woman ― Frederica gave Subaru a worried stare, standing her ground with a, “But……” as he accepted the towel gratefully, using it to wipe his face.

However, Clind was the person to shrug his shoulders out of exasperation at Frederica’s words.

Clind: [Just as Subaru-sama himself said, it’s a normal occurrence during his training. If anything, aren’t you the one who’s embarrassing him by making a big deal out of it? Meddlesome.]

Frederica: [Wha!]

Her face reddening from Clind’s choice of words, Frederica glowered at him, putting her sharp teeth on display.

Caught between the two who had started glaring at each other, Subaru felt like holding his head in his hands, muttering out a, “There they go again……”

――Clind and Frederica.

In butler and maid outfits respectively, both were in the position of servants who worked under the Mathers family. Although Subaru heard they’ve known each other for a long time, they didn’t have a very good relationship.

Usually, both were capable servants who were simultaneously polite and attentive, but when they came into contact with each other like this, arguments would immediately break out with every opportunity they had.

If their arguments consisted of exchanging their opinions on Roswaal’s political affairs, a deed that was quite highly advanced for servants, then trivial disputes over something as simple as making way for each other in the hallways also occurred.

In short, they were apparently incompatible with each other, but――,

Subaru: [Frederica, I’m happy you’re worried for me, but I’m fine, really.]

Frederica: [No, I’m not particularly worried about you. It’s only that this man’s fake expression and composed attitude, as well as his inconsiderate remarks, they are so infuriating……!]

Subaru: [Oh, you weren’t worried about me! I’m embarrassed!]

Frederica: [Ah, that isn’t…! It’s not as if I wasn’t worried! Of course, I’m concerned for your well-being, Subaru-sama. Not only me, but Petra as well.]

Frederica seemed like she accidentally blurted out her honest thoughts, and Subaru could only give her a wry smile as he scratched his cheek with a finger, hearing the mention of Petra’s name from her mouth.

He was causing the women in the mansion, barring Ram, to be worried about him ― especially Petra.

Regarding the current situation, what had likely happened was that Frederica had been asked to check up on Subaru on the behalf of Petra, who had her hands full.

Subaru: [But, I was the one who asked him. I was already prepared for it to be this Spartan …… No matter what it takes, I need to break out of my shell before he returns to Annerose’s place.]

Clind: [――You are splendidly determined. It makes me more enthusiastic in tutoring you. Inspired.]

Listening to Subaru’s answer, Clind swung his arm, the ivory-colored whip in his hand bending as it created a sound reminiscent of the air bursting apart.

Using the same weapon, Clind was helping Subaru learn the way of the whip. Because he respected Clind’s technique and position, Subaru referred to him as “Teacher”.

Subaru: [Really, learning by myself would only get me so far, I would have hit a limit if I weren’t mentored by another person. It’s nice if there’s someone who can use a whip near you. Thanks for the help.]

Clind: [I’m honored to be of help. Delighted. However, if it comes to people who are able to use a whip aside from me, there is another. Candidate.]

Subaru: [Eh, someone else can use a whip? It’s not Ram in the sense of handling the whip of words, right?]

Frederica: [Subaru-sama, that idea of yours is…… no, I can’t deny it if what you’re saying about Ram.]

A displeased look settled on Frederica’s face as Subaru cracked a joke, picking up his whip from where he dropped it, and carrying it in his hand. Clind looked at their faces, comparing their behavior before closing his monocle-side eye,

Clind: [It’s simple enough. I’m referring to Master. Versatile.]

Subaru: [Well then, I absolutely don’t want to be taught by him!]

While he spoke, Subaru stomped the option that was as good as nothing into the ground, and lashed out his whip.

It flew at top speed, its velocity having the potential to exceed the speed of sound if Subaru was serious about it. The tip of the whip made a deep, hollow sound as it aimed for Clind ― actually, not him, but the piece of wood set on top of the tree stump between him and Subaru.

Entangling and capturing the wood positioned atop the round stump with the whip.

It was the assignment given to Subaru by Clind, and it was a high enough hurdle that he wasn’t able to overcome even once until today.

It’s not exclusively because Subaru was unable to capture the wood with his whip due to his technique lacking experience and skill.

Clind: [Your aim is transparently obvious. Impede.]

Subaru: [Guh……!]

With a terrifying amount of precision, Clind’s whip repelled the pointed end of the whip Subaru had released.

The requirement of completing the assignment was to overcome this form of obstruction, and pull the piece of wood into his hands with his own whip. This was why exactly Subaru wasn’t able to cross the hurdle even a single time.

Clind: [Striking the area you are aiming for, entangling the entity you are aiming to capture, and displaying the results you are aiming for. Instead of relying on a sword or a spear, if you cannot fulfill the reason why you chose the whip… Worthless.]

Subaru: [Dah! Deh! Doh! Damn! You’re warding me off like it’s no big deal! I know, I don’t have to be told! This is the only path I have to make use of my crafty mi……ndah!?]

He attempted to draw back the whip that was forced away, but its tip was caught by Clind’s once again.

It was too late when Subaru realized it. The next moment, his sense of balance was disoriented, and Subaru was easily pulled down onto the ground by Clind, who wasn’t even putting that much strength into his weapon.

Subaru: [Wagh! Sound Pillar !]　[2]

Clind: [You fell rather flamboyantly. Breaking your fall is important as well. Caution.]

Frederica: [Su, Subaru-sama!]

Subaru fell from the front and collapsed onto the ground yet again, and Frederica hurriedly rushed to his side. This time, he hit the ground face-first, and blood was trickling out of his nose.

She hastily held it down with the towel, and then,

Frederica: [Clind! No matter how you look at it, this is too much!]

Clind: [It’s inevitable, considering Subaru-sama’s position. Necessary. You shouldn’t really get in the way of a man’s rise to action as well. Understand.]

Frederica: [A man’s rise to action……?]

She made a face as if she were saying, I can’t believe it , but Clind shook his head at her. And then, with his sharp eyes, he gazed at Subaru who was wiping his nosebleed,

Clind: [Subaru-sama, I think highly of your attitude of asking for guidance. Admirable. As long as you stand by Emilia-sama’s side as her knight, you need strength. The strength to protect Emilia-sama and yourself to the very end. Indispensable.]

Subaru: [……Yeah, I know. That’s why I’m thankful that you’re this strict with me.]

Although he was snorting and his voice was muffled, Subaru’s spirit refused to crack.

Looking at him, Frederica drew her lips tightly against her teeth.

Frederica: [You two gentlemen are as dumb as Garf……]

Subaru: [It would be super helpful if my strength, instead of just my dumbness, was enough to stand side by side with him as well, but it seems like that’s not gonna happen, so……]

Holding his nose, with blood spurting out of both of his nostrils, Subaru forcefully stopped his nosebleed.

As Subaru stood up after doing so, Clind looked at him, tucking his chin in and straightening his posture.

Clind: [Facing the front and refusing to stop…… Your attitude is truly pleasant. Long-awaited.]

Subaru: [Thanks a lot…… If my handling of the whip gets better, then I’ll have more options to choose from. If I get more choices, then the people around me will also have more moves to make, not just me.]

Clind: [Yes. However, please do not place too much confidence in that. I believe there will not be many occasions where you have to fight alone. Support.]

Clind jerked his chin, pointing towards Frederica.

Beginning with her, Subaru had people such as Garfiel and Otto around him, and Beatrice stood the closest to him, more than anything else. If it was a fight in order to protect, then of course, Emilia stood alongside them as well.

That’s why Clind’s statement was correct.

In Subaru’s battles, it wasn’t as if Subaru himself would snatch a hard-earned victory. His battles were brought to fruition by making the most out of everyone else’s abilities.

Subaru: [By the way, what if I accidentally find myself in a situation where there’s only me and no one else?]

Clind: [You ought to run. Full speed.]

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru said that, half-intending for it to be a joke, but Clind didn’t smile at it.

It was a situation that was extremely unlikely to happen, but it didn’t mean it was impossible. In a set of circumstances in which he would be chased and driven into a corner, with his back to the wall, Clind’s advice went straight to the point.

Clind: [You must run, Subaru-sama. Put every last drop of effort into running away, as fast as your legs could carry you, disgracefully, and with no regard to how you appear in doing so. That is the wisest course of action. The only one.]

Subaru: [If that’s how you ended your sentence, then it sounds like there’s no other decision I could make, instead of it being a better choice.]

Clind didn’t answer, his expression unchanging at Subaru’s words.

There was no need to answer. Was his wordlessness the proof of it being just as Subaru had deduced, after all?

Subaru: [Jeez, my mentor really has no mercy!]

Frederica: [That man has been like that since a long time ago. Being strict with those who show promise and training them…… but, he quits and throws that out of the window when he loses interest in doing so. Icily, and cruelly.]

Subaru: [Derica-san? Uh, your voice is becoming kinda icy?]

Feeling something lethal in her voice, as if it would slice him upon touching it, Subaru hesitantly questioned her, who turned her face away in a sullen mood, muttering, “Don’t ask me!”

Then, as she waved the hem of her maid outfit,

Frederica: [I’ve decided. I will also be rooting for your success with your training. Please embarrass Clind, make him contort that nonchalant face of his, and make him cry.]

Subaru: [That’s a pretty tough request……!]

Frederica: [Oh, the person who demands and desires for Emilia-sama to become King says that?]

As expected of a capable maid, even her taunts were top notch, although Subaru provoked her into doing so.

Subaru widened his eyes at her words, then nodded with an evil smile, replying, “You’re right.” After that, he assumed a fierce stance with his whip,

Subaru: [It’ll hurt my honor as a man if I can’t achieve it, despite being told all that! Watch me, I’m gonna do it!]

Alongside a courageous shout, Subaru swung his whip, lashing it out with all his might.

It drew a sharp trajectory, the tip whizzing through the air as it aimed straight for the tree stump――,

Clind: [Your enthusiasm is admirable, but your skill is poor. Inadequate.]

Subaru: [Guh, gwaaaaaaaahh――!!]

Frederica: [Su, Subaru-sama――!!]

Yet again, Subaru was pulled down and was slammed onto the ground face-first.

△▼△▼△▼△

The hulking tree broke in half overhead, its resulting shockwave buffeting Subaru’s entire body. With his back battered by that, he spat out the rust-tinged blood that had accumulated inside of his mouth.

Subaru: […]

Rem’s soft, warm body was wrapped inside his arms.

His own hands and feet were still there too, and it looked like he’d managed to avoid the arrow. As soon as he became cognizant of that, this moment was a pass mark.

Rem: [W-What are you doing all of a sudden…]

Subaru: [Shut up! Or you’ll end up biting that tongue of yours!]

Rem had been slow in her reaction, due to how sudden things had been; however, Subaru paid no attention to her complaints. So as to pull her body up, having first fallen forward, he then tumbled backwards, rolling around as much as he could while still clutching Rem close to him.

Wrapped inside his arms, he could feel Rem stifling the urge to scream; yet that was interrupted by a far louder sound ― Namely, the roar of the broken, hulking tree coming crashing down.

The spot where Subaru and Rem had been lying in just a moment ago was flattened, with the other trees caught in its fall spreading the deforestation around.

As someone quite in tune with nature, that fact made his heart pang quite a bit, however…

Subaru: […Right now, we’re more important!]

Using the dust unsettled by the fallen tree as a diversion, Subaru didn’t stop rolling. There was some resistance from Rem, but despite that, he let his adrenaline rush take over and pulled her in towards him with all the strength he could muster.

They kept rolling, and rolling and rolling, until the ground before them suddenly disappeared.

Subaru: [Gwhooaa!]

Rem: [Kyaa!?]

For a moment, it felt like they were floating, however the ground stopped their fall in their tracks straight afterwards.

A large hole full of many a fallen tree and heaps of earth and sand ― Namely, it was the pitfall that Rem had constructed to trap Subaru. By taking it upon himself to roll into it, he’d cut off the line of sight away from his opponent.

Nonetheless, it wasn’t like he’d paid nothing in return for that.

Subaru: [ Gh, gkh… Damn, Oh no you didn’t…!]

His left arm had been frantically wrapped around Rem, and some of that arm’s fingers, that she had kept a hold on, were broken. His middle finger, his ring finger, and his little finger; all of them, except for his thumb and index finger, were kaput.

Having fallen into the same large hole as Subaru had, Rem crawled away, keeping her distance from Subaru. He was in agony, trying his best to not to look at his fingers, which were pointed in strange directions.

Rem: [What did you expect! Doing that so suddenly… What the hell is going on!?]

Subaru: […I failed to mention it, but just so you know, there’s a dangerous hunter knocking about in this forest. Though, this pretty much eliminated the chance that they were hunting game and missed their target… Dzaah ]

As cold sweat beaded down his forehead, Subaru straightened out his three broken fingers. For the time being, he’d fix them in place using a towel, with a branch as a splint.

It was a small mercy that the fingers that he’d broken were the ones on his left hand. Had it been the ones on his right hand, his dominant hand, which handled his whip, then his ability to take action would have dropped down to that of a primary school kid.

Rem: [A dangerous hunter… They’re not your ally?]

Subaru: [Would an ally be providing covering fire with this kind of force? And in general, why would they be providing covering fire… Uwoa!? ]

A tree exploded in front of his eyes the moment he’d gingerly stuck his head out of the hole to try and get a glimpse of the situation outside.

It seemed like the hunter had started to prioritise clearing up their field of vision first, so that they could aim and shoot at Subaru and Rem. They must have seen that they didn’t possess any means to attack from distance.

Subaru: [The theory usually goes that sharpshooters change their positions when their presence becomes exposed… Shit , they’re making light of us. Can’t say anything back to that though.]

Rem: [――. This is the power of a bow and arrow? I can’t believe that. This isn’t normal.]

Subaru: [Mhm, I agree with you! Like for sure you’re gonna end up with a huge airhole in your chest if you get shot by it!]

In fact, last time, he’d ended up being pierced by one of their arrows, and dying like a trapped insect, pinned to a tree. However, there were yet strange points about it. ――Last time, Subaru had come to the opposite side of the forest.

Subaru: [Why the fuck did you come here…?]

The pain coursing through from his broken fingers bored through his mind intensely. Subaru gritted his back teeth, almost to the point of cracking them from his anguish, and frantically plunged into thought.

It was difficult to imagine that this hunter and the hunter who killed Subaru were two different people. Both of them had come to attack Subaru, plus, their weapon of choice was the same strongbow. Thus the question remained on whether their attack was an accidental one or not.

Whichever it was, the amount of questions regarding why Subaru was being targeted right now were endless. Subaru and Rem had confronted each other, and while it was true that the former had frozen up at her rejection, he didn’t really think that would mean it would make it easier to aim at him than before.

Furthermore, if they were actively targeting him, then the possibility that they were following him grew larger.

What had happened to them was still rather vague, but what was beyond their grasp was how they’d been hurled away from the Pleiades Watchtower. There was always the chance that, perhaps, they’d flown through the sky like a shooting star and crashed down onto the grassland.

Naturally, if that were the case, even disregarding Rem, there’d be no explanation as to why Subaru’s weak body hadn’t ended up in smithereens; so it was a reasonable assumption that what happened to them was something else.

Subaru: [They’re aiming for the dodgy ‘uns who dropped down there, or something…]

Or perhaps this was private property, so they were trying to chase off anyone who trespassed in an extreme manner. In opposition to the accuracy of their bow, should they perhaps take it as the hunter sucking at going easy on others?

Subaru: [In that case, can’t I just talk things out with them! Hey! I mean no harm! It’s just mere coincidence that we’re in this forest, so…]

Rem: [Wait a second! When you say “we”, are you counting me and that girl as well? I don’t want us to be lumped in with you!]

Subaru: [Now’s not the time to be saying that sort of stuf―― Dwhaa!? ]

A single arrow that punched into the ground came as the reply to Subaru’s call for a ceasefire. This magisterial power, enough even to extinguish his quarrel with Rem halfway through, was probably going to make short work of all the obstacles in their field of view soon and turn its bared fangs over to Subaru and Rem in the large hole.

Rem: [It seems like they’re not the sort of person you can get through to…]

Subaru: [When you’re facing arrows, you’ve gotta assume there’s a chance they could hit you with an arcing shot… If they can hold their position for hours and hours, just like a sniper that means business… No, considering we’re talking about a bow and arrow here, then it is indeed different to looking through a scope . So… does it make it impossible to keep that up for such a long time?]

In stuff like movies and manga, you’d often get scenes like the sniper waiting for hours on end while staring at their prey with their sniper rifles. However, with a bow and arrow, it would indeed be a completely different kettle of fish.

Unlike rifles, which only require a trigger to be fired, arrows need to be notched to the bow, before then drawing its string. There were limits even to those who possessed supernatural strength in the different world.

Then, with the enemy hunter aiming at them, it too was…

Subaru: […A short-term battle]

Predicting that their opponent would make some kind of move soonish, Subaru set himself a time-limit, given that he couldn’t afford to think too long here.

They wouldn’t be able to avoid a fight so long as their enemy wasn’t going to acquiesce to talking things out. And even though they wouldn’t be able to avoid one, the aces they had up their sleeve were way too meager.

Subaru: [Just like what my mentor taught me, the only way is to run.]

Thankfully, their enemy couldn’t catch eye of Subaru and Rem’s position thanks to them jumping into this large hole. If they climbed out from the opposite side and ran away while keeping close to the ground, they could perhaps escape into the thicket.

Or maybe…

Subaru: […]

Rem: […? What’s with you shutting your gob all of a sudden? Weren’t you coming up with an escape plan right now?]

Subaru: […We’re really in a huge pickle here, and what’s more, it seems like you’re finally listening to what I have to say, huh.]

Rem: [Ugh.]

Rem furrowed her well-shaped eyebrows as she sat down on the ground, a disgruntled look on her face. However, it seemed like she understood that she couldn’t afford to argue with Subaru, so long as she didn’t come and attack him immediately.

It would save them a lot of time if she could rein in her hostility for the time being, and call a temporary truce.

Subaru: [Listen to me, Rem. I’m going to jump out and attract their attention. While I do that, you’re going to climb over the other side of the hole and flee for cover.]

Rem: [Wha…?]

Subaru: [Though the power behind their arrows is frightenin’ as heck, you’re going to be spoilt for choice for somewhere to find cover in the greenery of mother nature. So I’ll give it my all to somehow buy you time, that way you can run away.]

It was either take Rem with him and run away, or let Rem run away ahead of him.

Subaru thought the option had the biggest chance of success was probably the latter. No matter how much of an expert their enemy was with the bow, they were in a forest chock full of trees. Thus, Subaru had played his cards, taking into consideration the possibility of arrows flying towards them. They probably wouldn’t pierce through all of that so easily.

Subaru: [I’ll make a run for it as well, after I’ve bought you enough time. However, I don’t want to become separated from you, after you’ve ran away, so if you can, please leave me some markers. Though it may be hard for you to understand this, in my hometown we have a symbol called an arrow , it gives you a general sense of direction towards…]

Rem: […Can you please stop spouting out whatever you feel like.]

Subaru: [Rem?]

Subaru had briskly told Rem about his plans for her escape, however, she interrupted his explanation and glared at him very sharply.

With his breath knocked out of him by how sharp her expression was, Subaru was perplexed as to what was up with her. And Rem looked even more irritated by his perplexion.

Rem: [You decide everything, absolutely everything, on your own… And after all of that, you’re telling me to run away? You’re telling me , who’s angry with you because you tried to abandon a child?]

She refused Subaru’s proposal for the same reason she had rejected Subaru in the beginning.

It was perfectly reasonable. You could probably say it was an answer born out of being a good human being. However, Subaru hadn’t thought she’d decide that she wouldn’t let him abandon them in this situation.

Subaru: [But… well, I…]

Rem: [I’ll pass on the excuses. There’s no time for that. Still, as for your instructions telling me, and only me, to run away, I refuse them. I can’t leave that child behind in the first place.]

Shifting her gaze away from Subaru, who was unable to hide his surprise, Rem turned her attention to the outside of the hole.

She’d turned her attention to the hulking tree that the first arrow had blown apart ― and after that, to another large tree a little bit away from it.

Subaru: [And just when I was thinking she wasn’t here; is she hiding over there? How can she be so quiet despite all of this commotion…]

Rem: […Taking her along with me was a real pain, so I knocked her out. I don’t think she’ll be waking up for a while.]

Subaru: [You…]

Even now , Louis had become a burden towards Subaru and Rem’s withdrawal. The resentment that had been beginning to sprout regarding that was shattered the moment he heard her typical Rem-like answer.

He could only describe that rather extreme snap decision as being truly like Rem.

Rem: […I know it wasn’t a good move as well.]

Subaru: [Nah, I reckon it’s a fine move given how things are. ――Just between us, you wouldn’t leave her behind and have us running away together, right?]

Rem: [Even though I have no idea who I am, I’d rather bite my tongue and die than do something like that.]

Subaru doubted that she’d really die from something of that degree, but he sure didn’t want Rem to do anything like that, even if she was just testing.

In all honesty, the best choice for Subaru would be to leave Louis behind here and leave with Rem, however Rem herself wasn’t about to let that happen.

Subaru: [God damned me, for showing my benevolent side before we were swallowed by the shadow…]

He’d ended up carrying not just Rem’s body, but Louis’ as well when the Green Room had been swallowed by the shadow. And that had brought forth this situation. Albeit a setting which he couldn’t re-do again anymore, he could say loud and clear that he’d made the wrong choice back there.

Rem: [So what shall you do?]

Subaru: […I’ll do it. I’ll come and bring her. That tree there, right?]

Rem: [――. Correct. She’s fast asleep inside the hollow of the tree. Do you stand any chance of making it?]

Subaru: [Well, my mentor told me to run away without wasting a moment whenever I’m up against a strong foe.]

He wasn’t talking about gauging the difference in strengths between the two sides, and so on and so forth.

After all, in this world, the majority of Subaru’s opponents were stronger than him. Thus, the optimal way to defend himself was to assume in advance that everyone he met would be better ranking than him.

It was precisely for that reason that he’d prioritise running away. However, in cases where he couldn’t…

Subaru: [I will make use of everything I can. Rem, you probably don’t want to, but please lend me your hand.]

Rem: [――. If it’s for helping her out.]

Rem gazed at the hand offered out to her, but she didn’t take it.

She merely nodded at Subaru, quite begrudgingly, with him having worked out a plan of action.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru gave his left arm a strong swing, checking the condition his three broken fingers were in.

They hurt. And so, while feeling this pain, that would not fade no matter what, as if it were digging its talons into his mind, Subaru steeled himself so that it wouldn’t become a hindrance to him running over.

And then…

Subaru: [… Zha! ]

Putting some muscle into it, he pushed a small-ish fallen tree from the large hole up to the ground above.

The very next moment, an arrow that had come towards them at insane speeds pierced into the fallen tree that he’d pushed up. The impact wrenched it away from his arms, forcefully buffeting him backwards.

Subaru: [Whoaaaa!!]

Looking at that from the corner of his eyes, Subaru crawled out of the large hole and stepped firmly on the rough ground. There were limits to how quick the hunter could fire off their bow, no matter how confident they were with their archery. Unlike with guns, you have to notch the arrow, draw the bowstring, and then take aim.

This timelag gave Subaru the merest ray of hope for survival…

Rem: […It’s coming faster!!]

She said that the moment he’d crawled out of the large hole and kicked out his first step.

Time-wise, only two seconds had passed since the first arrow had blown away the fallen tree he’d used as a decoy ― Nevertheless, for a skilled hunter, those two seconds were plenty sufficient for them to fire off their next one.

Subaru: [.. hk ]

The ground behind Subaru exploded straight after he heard Rem’s voice ringing out.

The fact he had tensed up in place and hadn’t gone into a defensive stance at her call proved to be the right course of action. More specifically, his nerves weren’t quite in tune enough to be able to respond to her call; however, that turned out to be alright in the end.

And just like that, arrows came flying towards Subaru, as he ran to his tree, one after the other ― Each in the space of less than two seconds.

If any of them had made it to him, he would have been turned into a hedgehog in the blink of an eye.

However…

Rem: [I won’t allow that to happen――!]

The hunter’s next attack was interrupted by a clump of dirt which Rem had flung out, along with her valiant cry.

With her back against the slope of the large hole, it had been something thrown by Rem ― No, it had been a ferocious attack which you could even call a bombardment , made from a large stone covered in dirt.

Subaru: [Though, it would have been best if she knew how to use her magic…]

When they’d been confirming how much she could fight, Rem had shown her disapproval for using the power of her Oni horn, magic and such. To be more exact though, in truth, she couldn’t remember how to use them.

Nevertheless, they couldn’t waste time trying to get her to remember those techniques. For that reason, what Subaru had suggested to her instead, was her physical strength, which she still had in her, even if she didn’t have her techniques…

Getting in their way via some rather primitive violence, using the physicality intrinsic to the Oni Tribe by birth; an attack borne of that struck at the hunter, who had maintained their position, dismissing Subaru and Rem as weaklings.

Subaru: [You know that saying, a cornered rat will bite the cat! Then get a load of this!!]

Subaru leapt over the shockwave which the arrow had produced right under his feet as he let out a bellow. Meanwhile, in his field of view, a large stone thrown by Rem went flying towards the direction that the hunter had loosed their arrow from.

Subaru: [ GRHAAAAAAA――!! ]

When face to face with an enemy, Rem didn’t know how to go easy on them. And that was Rem’s best feature.

She’d gathered those stones just to be safe, yet, they quickly became extremely dangerous weapons from just the act of throwing them from her slender arms.

Subaru: [Well, while Rem’s buying me time, I’mma――!]

While Rem smashed up the sniper fire with her bombardment, leveraging the use of her appropriate weaponry, Subaru made it to the tree in question.

As that raged on, he walked around to the back of the large tree. There the figure of Louis flew into his sight, sleeping in a bed of her own golden hair inside the rotten hollow.

Subaru: […]

He caught sight of her rosy-red cheeks, as well as her chest gently heaving up and down, confirming that she was alive and well.

And so, as he tried to reach his arms around her body, Subaru felt a strong sense of rejection within himself. Even though he’d tried to act without bringing personal feelings into it, his soul, rather than his mind, rejected Louis.

This was a Sin Archbishop, even if now it was an innocent sleeping face she was showing. She was a traitor that was beyond forgiveness…

Rem: [Stop dawdling please!!]

Subaru: [―― hk !]

His indecision was shattered by Rem urging him on.

The moment he heard that, Subaru somehow bit down his sense of rejection and picked Louis up. And then, while having a hold of her light body, he jumped out of the tree’s hollow and started to make his way back to Rem…

Subaru: […Huh?]

When suddenly, a black shadow blocked his path, having leapt out right in front of his eyes.

The assumption was, that he’d take the same path to get back to the large hole. Subaru hadn’t imagined that something like this would be on his way there; he looked up at the shadow that had so suddenly made its presence known here. ――And then, he was lost for words.

???: [――ϡϡ!!]

This gargantuan shadow had slipped through the forest, making nary a sound, and was now blocking Subaru’s way. It was a huge snake, probably around ten metres in length. Its entire body was covered in tightly-packed green scales, and its eyes were yellow. Spotting the twisted white horn on their sudden intruder’s forehead, Subaru realised what its identity was.

Subaru: [A Witchbeast――!!]

Faced with its imposing appearance ever so near to him, Subaru rued his foolish oversight.

Subaru himself should have taken note of this; of the fact that, as he was right now, he was letting off the Witch’s lingering scent the strongest ever since he was summoned into this different world.

So it was inevitable that Subaru would be attracting Witchbeasts to him, just as it had happened in the Augria Sand Dunes, and just as it had happened in so many places up until now.

He should have known that the inside of a dingy forest like this, which had few people going in and out of it, would have been an ideal dwelling for them.

Snake Witchbeast: [――ϡϡ!!]

The huge snake opened its gaping mouth wide, settling its aim on Subaru.

Its gaping mouth seemed plenty big enough to swallow not just Subaru himself, but Louis as well, whom he was carrying in his arms. Seeing it drawing near to him, Subaru’s perception of time crawled to a halt.

… Oh, this is bad.

Subaru felt like he was feeling these things as someone else entirely.

Seeing the world flickering ever so slowly and languidly was something close to the times where you’d see your life flashing before your eyes, so to speak. In regards to this topic , there were theories along the lines of it being the mind’s way of looking for a solution using what has been experienced in life up to this point, as death looms.

But, when it came to Subaru, no matter how much he racked his mind, he couldn’t find anything like having narrowly escaped from being gobbled up by a huge snake. If he forced himself, the closest he could find involved the swarm of rabbits; but that was one memory he wished to reject, even when it came to his life flashing before his eyes.

Having wasted a few brief moments on such pointless thoughts, Subaru’s shoulders then slumped.

As he cursed his body for having stirred into action to protect Louis so quickly, they were about to be swallowed, head-first, into the huge snake’s gaping mouth――

Snake Witchbeast:  [――ϡϡ!?]

Subaru: [Whoa?]

Subaru reflexively closed his eyes, when something dripping wet poured down on top of his head. An unpleasant thought ran through this mind, that for sure, it was the type that sprayed its digestive juices out before its meals. However, that was not the case. What caked Subaru’s entire body was darkish blood that had been sprayed everywhere.

It was a tremendous amount of blood that the huge snake had spat from its jaws, having had its body pierced by a sharp arrow.

Translation notes :

[1] – “Abeshi!” = Fist of the North Star reference.

[2] – Demon Slayer reference.

--- Chapter 5: Being a Man is Tough ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Source:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [Wabuh――!]

???: [Kyah! Subaru-sama, I’m sorry!]

Splashing and splattering, Subaru was showered by water that cascaded down from above his head. As he let out a cry of alarm, wondering what the heck was going on, an apology from a high-pitched voice flew towards him.

When Subaru glanced up while shaking his head, he saw the curtains swaying from an opened window, and his gaze mingled with a girl’s ― Petra’s, who was looking down at him from above.

It seemed like it was right when Petra threw some water out of the window on the second floor.

Of course, she wouldn’t do anything ill-behaved, such as dumping water onto the garden. She threw the water onto the edge of the flowerbed to make sure no one would be splashed by it.

Subaru: [And yet, unluckily, I was gardening right there……]

Petra: [I-I’m sorry, Subaru-sama! I’ll bring a change of clothes straight away……]

Subaru: [Ahh, you don’t have to do that much. Getting drenched was the only thing that happened, and…… it freaking stinks! Getting drenched wasn’t the only thing that happened!?]

Petra: [Because it’s the water I was using to clean the room, and…… anyway! I’ll get going right now, wait for me at the watering place!]

Petra said to Subaru, who was astounded by the smell of the dirty water poured all over him. Like that, her adorable face was withdrawn into the other side of the window, and she started running to fetch him extra clothes, her footsteps pattering against the floor.

Subaru smiled wryly at the panicking Petra, deepening due to his own rotten luck, and he headed towards the watering place at the garden of the mansion, just as Petra had told him to do.

Subaru: [Well, I was planning on changing my clothes once I’ve finished gardening, anyway……]

Subaru consoled himself with the fact his plans were only brought forward by a tiny bit.

If Petra was going to bring a change of clothes, then he should wash the dirt off himself first. Before drawing up water from the well, he flung off his shirt with haste――,

???: [――Hm, you’re quite daring, getting undressed so suddenly.]

Subaru: [Wait…… kyaaaaaa!?]

???: [Woah, to think you would let out a scream comparable to a girl’s…… Normally, wouldn’t you think our positions would be reversed?]

Saying that and staring at the screaming Subaru was a pink-haired girl ― old woman Ryuzu, who was sitting on a garden rock next to the watering place.

She looked at Subaru, who covered the exposed upper half of his body by hugging his shirt to his chest, her intellectual eyes shimmering in contrast to her awfully young appearance,

Ryuzu: [You don’t have to hide it like that. I’ve gotten used to seeing the naked body of a boy. I used to live with Ga-bo, you know.]

Subaru: [Well, you might be right, but what’s embarrassing is embarrassing, right?]

Ryuzu: [There’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Besides, your physique is not too bad as well, Su-bo. It’s quite pleasing to the eye. Pleasing to the eye, indeed.]

Subaru: [It’s embarrassing, after all! Ryuzu-san, aren’t you acting out of character!?]

Ryuzu was characterized by her behavior that didn’t match up with her appearance, like her calm and relaxed manner of speech, but she left a strong impression on Subaru with how everything about her, except for her looks, were faithful to the role she was entrusted with.

It was why he was surprised when she poked fun at Subaru, referring to the naked half of his body.

Subaru: [Am I right in guessing this is mostly because you were released from the heavy responsibility of being the leader of the Sanctuary?]

Ryuzu: [I suppose there’s that aspect to a considerable degree. Although I went outside of the Sanctuary, I moved onto the land Ros-bo had prepared, and a similar position was handed over to me. So, if I would ask myself if a load was lifted off my shoulders, then……]

Ryuzu said, directing her narrowed eyes behind her ― towards the mansion.

Specifically, she wasn’t looking at the mansion, but she was looking at the people living inside of it. To be even more specific, she was probably gazing at the siblings consisting of an older sister and younger brother, who she both loved as if they were her own grandchildren.

With the reconciliation between Garfiel and Frederica having been finished, Garfiel was also freed from the cross he had been bearing for ages. Though, Subaru was surprised he turned into a brat that was mischievous beyond his expectations, as a result of being freed from his burdens,

Subaru: [Do you feel lonely, living separately from Garfiel and Frederica?]

Ryuzu: [Nn…… what got into you all of a sudden?]

Subaru: [Was it too sudden? But, I thought about it. Of course, it would be a great help if they stayed in the mansion together for Emilia-tan’s Royal Selection. But……]

Ryuzu: [It can’t be helped. In order to live in the mansion, there are many problems for me, of course, and also for the other clones…… my sisters. I don’t think we can be of use as well.]

Subaru: [――――]

Ryuzu answered him with a small laugh, and Subaru closed his mouth as he heard her speak.

I wasn’t talking about being useful or useless , the emotional side of Subaru wanted to shout.

However, the details of this couldn’t be reasoned with anything like a child’s tantrum.

In the current Roswaal Mansion, the people who were permitted to stay were only those that actively took on a role, and could fulfill their responsibilities. During times like these, it was necessary to have severe regulations to that extent.

Subaru: [……Still, Garfiel is fourteen. He’s still a kid.]

Ryuzu: [――. You’re a kind one. Are you worried about Ga-bo?]

Subaru: [Well, yeah…… When I myself was fourteen, I was an immature, stupid brat. Even now, the “stupid brat” part hasn’t changed, but I used to be worse. To the point I would be fed up with myself, because I think I wouldn’t even be able to do anything if I got separated from my parents.]

Of course, in direct opposition to the norm in this world, Subaru had experienced a loose and lenient daily life, something peaceful that was as good as being rocked from side to side in a cradle.

Garfiel’s was fourteen years old ― even if he was around the age of a middle schooler, it didn’t apply to this world, and Garfiel was far more mature than when Subaru was his age.

Even so――,

Subaru: [What others did for you, could also be done for them as well… is what I think……]

Ryuzu: [Fufu, let me rephrase what I said. Not only are you kind, but you’re soft and green, too.]

Subaru: [I know a famous passage of writing that says men should not only be strong, but also be kind…… huh? Going by this logic, I’m not a man because I’m not strong…? What am I?]

Seeing Subaru unable to defend himself from what he had brought upon himself, the sound of laughter rumbled in Ryuzu’s throat. Subaru thought of her reaction as something unexpected, and she wiped the corners of her eyes with a finger, saying, “Sorry, sorry.”

Ryuzu: [I understand what you want to say. I’ll drop by from time to time to make sure Ga-bo and Frederica won’t feel lonely. Is that alright?]

Subaru: [Sorry. It probably seemed like an outsider was pestering you about it.]

Ryuzu: [You have nothing to apologize for…… It’s just, if it’s about a very young child, who hadn’t reached the age of maturity yet, leaving their parents, there’s someone younger than Ga-bo in this mansion, isn’t there?]

Subaru: [Are you……]

Right after Subaru made a guess about who Ryuzu was referring to, a set of footsteps approached them. When he and Ryuzu turned their eyes to the direction of the sound, they saw Petra running towards them.

Petra held a pair of extra clothes for Subaru in her hands, calling out, “Subaru-sama~!” as she rushed over to him, seemingly full of energy. However, she stopped immediately before setting foot on the watering place.

Petra: [Wah! Kya! Subaru! Why are you naked!?]

Subaru: [Ah, shoot. I was planning on bathing, but I got too focused in this deep conversation.]

Petra blushed, commenting on Subaru’s half-naked body while covering her face with both her hands. However, she was staring at him from the space between the fingers that hid her face, with Subaru noting it as a common turn of events, something he often saw in mediums such as anime and manga.

Even Petra’s ears were a bright red color as she cried out, “Wah, wah!” rather excitedly.

Subaru: [Look, Ryuzu-san. This is what you call an adolescent girl’s cute reaction.]

Ryuzu: [You’re being fairly greedy, telling me to act like that…… It’s no use even if I do that in the first place. I’m an elderly person.]

Subaru: [You don’t really feel like an elderly person, aside from your mature way of speaking……]

Responding to Ryuzu’s easy-going voice, Subaru heaved up a pail of water from the well. He then dumped the ice-cold water onto his head, exclaiming, “Agh! Cold!”

Subaru: [Anyway, that reaction of yours is pretty adult-like for your age, Petra.]

Petra: [Ah, Subaru-sama, you’re still treating me like a child, aren’t you? I’m just saying, but I recently became thirteen years old. A one year difference with Garf-san!]

Subaru: [Even if it had to do with their birthdays, the fact that there’s a one year difference between Petra and Garfiel feels kinda amusing to me……]

There was Garfiel, whose combat strength and appearance didn’t really seem like a fourteen year-old’s, yet his personality did. Then there was Petra, who was like a bud that was gradually trying to bloom into a flower, retaining her young and adorable looks.

It was the natural course of things because time flew by and it couldn’t be stopped either, but the concept of growth was a precious notion.

Subaru: [I’m, well, eighteen, and Emilia-tan and Beako don’t go through any changes in their appearance. In that regard, I feel a great amount of potential from Petra……]

Ryuzu: [Su-bo, Su-bo. Is it alright for a teenager to look at things from a perspective like that?]

Subaru: [Even if you tell me that…… oh, thanks for the extra clothes, Petra. They fell out of your hands while you were staring at me, though.]

Shaking his head to get the water out of his hair, Subaru picked up the shirt discarded by Petra’s feet, and wore it after brushing the specks of soil off it. Petra seemed to have realized she dropped his change of clothes just now, uttering a, “Wah!” as she flushed at her own blunder.

Petra: [Uu~, I’m sorry. I’m sorry about your extra clothes, and the water from before……]

Subaru: [Nah, it’s just a cute little mistake. Setting the topic of my clothes aside, I got soaked because I was unlucky. And, because of that, I showed an unseemly side of myself to two maidens.]

Ryuzu: [You counted me in as a maiden…… Well, well, you’re good at flirting with the elderly.]

Subaru laughed wryly at Ryuzu, who gave a slow shake of her head, her behavior the same as usual. After that, he gently patted Petra on the head, who was still reflecting upon herself, smiling at her with a, “It’s okay.”

Subaru: [Everyone makes mistakes once in a while, and it’s not like anyone got injured by it. There’s no problem, no problem at all.]

Petra: [……Yes, I understand. I’ll make sure to write it in today’s entry for my diary.]

Subaru: [You’re writing a diary? That’s great. I’m the type of person that’s good at keeping at it little by little everyday, but my diaries never last no matter what I do.]

He was able to make his daily workouts and jogging into a habit for every single day, but strangely enough, his diaries didn’t last long. He thought it was possibly because the contents of what he wrote everyday weren’t consistent.

Adding to that, his days of truancy were monotonous and boring, so he had nothing to write back then.

Subaru: [Though, my Beako Lovely Diary is still ongoing……]

Petra: [Are you going to show it to Beatrice-chan later?]

Subaru: [Yeah, I want to show off how much I’m spoiling her with tenderness on a daily basis to her.]

Not only that, but Beatrice’s reactions were dramatic and adorable. If it meant being affectionate towards Beako, then Subaru would gladly challenge himself to overcome his own weakness of not being able to continue writing his diaries.

Anyhow――,

Petra: [So, what were you two talking about?]

Subaru: [Ahh, just some idle talk? Something like, “Aren’t you lonely to be separated from Garfiel?” and stuff like that…… but, you’re also far away from your dad and mom. You don’t get homesick or anything?]

Petra: [“ Homesick ”…… are you asking me if I miss my home?]

Placing a finger to her lips, Petra furrowed her brow as she decoded and made sense of Subaru’s words. She looked to be in deep thought, mumbling, “Hmmm, let me think…” before,

Petra: [Sometimes, I do feel lonely. But it’s what I’ve decided I want to do, and I’m doing it right now. I can’t be whining.]

Subaru: [Woah, so mature…… did you hear, Ryuzu-san?]

Ryuzu: [I heard it, I heard it. Gee, you look as if you’re proud of her, eh?]

Ryuzu nodded at Subaru, who turned around, genuinely proud of Petra’s confident answer.

It was just as Petra had said.

He was also in the middle of trying to accomplish what he resolved to do. If so, instead of making feeble complaints, he needed to raise his head and smile, even if he were to be in agony and in pain.

Petra: [Subaru-sama, was my answer alright?]

Subaru: [――. Yeah, of course. As expected of Petra! It’s the answer I wanted!]

Petra: [Kya!]

In response to the question from the worried-looking Petra, Subaru lifted up her body in his arms.

It was the same feeling as when he did it to Beako, but Petra was heavier compared to her ― it was because she was undergoing growth.

Subaru: [You’re not at the age where I can carry you anymore, huh……]

Petra: [That’s obvious! ……But, if you’re gonna have such a saddened face, I guess I can keep you company.]

Subaru: [Oh, thanks!]

Although she turned her face away from him, she was allowing him to be selfish. Taking advantage of Petra’s kindness, Subaru spent some more time lamenting over parting ways with her childhood.

Gazing at the two of them was,

Ryuzu: [Well, well, I’m clueless about which one is the child.]

Ryuzu, who murmured that out with her young visage, in the manner of an elderly person.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Splashing and splattering, Subaru was showered by blackish blood from his head, and the shifting scenes of his life flashing before his eyes ended abruptly.

The one thing in common between the scene and reality was liquid being poured over his head, but if he told Petra that memory fragment involving her was remembered at this very moment, he imagined the situation rolling out into her being furious with him over it.

However, in order to be chastised like that, Subaru couldn’t afford to stop in his tracks here.

Subaru: [Why did the hunter’s arrow hit the snake……!?]

What obstructed his grand escapade, with Louis reluctantly held in his arms, was the huge snake that was hiding itself inside of the forest.

Right as its gaping jaws were about to swallow Subaru whole, a powerful obstruction was wedged itself between the two, and he was fortunate to have an extremely narrow escape from death.

Subaru: [――――]

What perforated the snake’s body, thick as three Subarus bunched up together, was an arrow fired by the hunter, who had been tormenting him and Rem, giving them a hard time until this moment.

He thought of the likelihood that the hunter had unexpectedly missed their mark, but since the arrow had gone through the very center of the snake, he felt like the possibility of a misfire was terribly low.

Which meant――,

Subaru: [They saved me……!?]

Although he couldn’t understand it at all, no other answer came to his mind.

He was sure the hunter didn’t act on a whim, and it was also difficult to imagine the situation suddenly unraveling into a shounen manga-like development, such as, “I’ll be the one who’ll kill you!”.

However, if Subaru only considered what had occurred, then he was rescued by the hunter. And adding to that, the effect of the single strike wasn’t limited to halting the huge snake’s impending fangs during this moment.

Snake Witchbeast: [――――ϡϡ!!]

Its body pierced through by the arrow, the bleeding snake let out a shriek that made the sky tremble, sounding like it two things were grated against one another to produce an ear-splitting screech.

Like that, instead of chasing after Subaru, who was trying to get away from it, the snake turned in the direction the arrow came flying from ― setting its sights on the bowman that plowed through its body, beginning to slither through the forest, uncaring of how many plants it damaged along its way.

It was overwhelming to see a ten-meter long snake crawling on the forest floor, drawing closer to its prey.

Without giving off the feeling of being sluggish in spite of its gigantic body, the sight of it moving on the ground as if gliding across the surface, felt like the ground that supported the forest itself was in motion.

The hunter counterattacked the snake’s approach with an arrow, but it didn’t connect.

Snake Witchbeast: [――――ϡϡ!!]

Baring its fangs, saliva dripping from them, the huge snake aimed for the hunter as it pounced onto them.

Jumping out of the way, the hunter avoided it, firing an arrow at point-blank range, going in for the kill.

A violent battle between man and Witchbeast, in an attempt to kill each other, was unfolding beyond the trees.

In midst of the sounds of crashes and blasts being scattered all over the place, courtesy of the ongoing fight where both the hunter and snake weren’t budging an inch, Subaru dashed back to the large hole Rem was at, keeping Louis held firmly in his arms.

And then――,

Subaru: [Rem, give me your hand! We’re using the opportunity to run!]

Rem: [――hk, is the girl safe?]

Subaru: [Yeah, she’s sound asleep to the point it’s getting on my nerves! Here, hurry up!]

He reached a hand out to Rem, who was leaning against the wall inside of the large hole. However, Rem glanced at his hand, before shaking her head with a “No.” and set her hands on the edge of the hole by herself.

It was a gesture out of stubbornness, saying she wouldn’t take the hand Subaru had extended to her. If that was the case, then that was fine. Subaru withdrew his hand, pulling his whip out instead and using it to tie Louis to his back.

If Subaru threw her out, then conflict would arise between him and Rem once again. He wanted to avoid such a thing.

Subaru: [In addition to that――!]

Rem: [Wai…]

After he fixed Louis’s body to his back tightly, checking to see if he wouldn’t drop her, Subaru forcefully scooped Rem, who crawled out of the large hole, into his arms.

With it resulting in her being princess carried, Rem hardened her expression from Subaru’s unanticipated move.

However――,

Subaru: [Think! Me or the hunter or the snake, which one is more preferable right now!?]

Rem: [……If I could communicate with it, then it’s the snake.]

Subaru: [You can’t, so please bear with me, the runner-up!  Let’s go!]

Subaru turned his eyes away from Rem, who was unable to prevent her inner turmoil from showing up on her face, although he believed their priorities were rather obvious. Glancing at the continuous battle between the hunter and the snake from the corner of his eye, Subaru broke away from the battlefield, running with all his might.

Whether the victor was the hunter or the huge snake, Subaru expected them to start chasing after him and Rem as soon as the fight was over. He didn’t know when exactly would it end, or if it would be settled sooner or later, but he wanted to keep a distance from them to the best of his ability.

Rem: [――What are you going to do?]

Subaru: [Both of them are really accustomed to the forest, compared to us……! We need a way to throw them off their pursuit, but it’s hopeless to escape from the snake because of my body odor. So……]

He wanted to pray for the hunter to be victorious.

If the hunter was a pursuer with no connection to the Witch’s miasma that surrounded him, then the methods to throw them off their tracks would be worth putting into practice.

Subaru: [Choosing the path where I won’t leave too many footprints, erasing the tracks as much as possible, and after that is……]

Rem: [Leaving traces in a separate direction, isn’t that right?]

Rem said as she snapped off a twig that nearly made contact with her body, tossing it far away and letting it scratch the trees that were positioned at a different direction from their escape route.

If the tracks were distributed into two places, one being the broken twig, and the other being the mark on the tree, would their opponent be puzzled by those?

Subaru: [――――]

As Subaru continued to run with Rem in his arms, a deep emotion, unsuitable for the occasion, somewhat feeling like nostalgia, crossed his mind. Long ago, he had the experience of racing through the forest while being chased by Witchbeasts, similar to the current situation.

However, the person he had been carrying wasn’t Rem, but it was Ram.

Subaru: [Nee-sama has also forgotten, so it’s only me… ha… who, remembers it, but……]

Rem: [You’re running out of breath. They will catch up if this goes on.]

Subaru: [I know! Damn, both of you sisters… ha… really have no shred of mercy……!]

The person in his arms wasn’t Ram, but the harshness of her words was practically identical to her sister.

A strong emotion coursed through him upon recognizing their similarities, and it gave an encouraging push to his back. Subaru urged himself to keep running despite his breathlessness, entrusting the role of monitoring whatever was happening behind them to Rem, and desperately rushed across the forest.

Anyhow, Subaru had been running around all day today.

He was exhausted, worn out physically and mentally, and he wanted to sprawl across the ground if possible. Actually, he was going to do that once he lost his pursuer. He would sleep for eight hours straight.

Subaru: [So, please put up with it until I can do that, dear body――!!]

Rem: [――hk, wait!]

Subaru: [Owowowow!? What the heck was that for!?]

While Subaru was spurring himself to action by shouting at his body to move, Rem, who was carried in his arms, gave his ear a sharp tug. As he frowned from the pain, Rem pointed towards a direction straying off the path they were on,

Rem: [I can hear the sound of water. A flowing…… river? Perhaps you could erase your tracks with it? Also, you were saying you needed water as well.]

Subaru: [You were actually listening to me talking about my survival knowledge…… I’m touched, but that can wait. You’re right, it’d be great if there’s a river! If we crossed the river for the time being, they surely can’t chase after us without any difficulty……!]

Unfortunately, the sound of running water wasn’t audible to Subaru, due to the bothersome noise caused by his rapid heartbeat and breathing, but he had no reason to doubt Rem’s hearing at this place, during this time.

Obeying Rem, who pointed her finger towards the direction, saying “That way.”, Subaru changed courses, dashing through the forest while he searched for the river.

And then, as he passed by the clump of trees and leapt over the patches of grass, just as the road opened up into――,

Subaru: [――A river! ……B~u~t~?]

The moment the forest cleared up and his field of view was broadened, Subaru was finally able to hear the sound of running water at a tremendous volume ― yes, a tremendous volume.

Of course a sound like that would reach his ears, since its source was a great river. As far as Subaru and Rem could see, gazing down at it, the water was gushing down a cliff nearly ten meters tall.

It almost seemed as if it was laughing at them for thinking they could just cross over it to erase their tracks.

Rem: [No matter how you look at it, this is……]

Inside of his arms, Rem stifled a gasp, gazing at the humongous river below them.

Taking the raging momentum of the water and the height of the cliff into account, it was natural for her to be dismayed at the sight. She was probably also reproaching herself for leading them here, all because she relied on her instincts.

However, there was no time to blame her for what she was already regretting, nor was there time to do the opposite and comfort her.

Subaru: [――Shit, is the fight over!?]

From the forest behind him, a distant, ferocious roar thundered into the sky.

It sounded like the cry of the huge snake, brimming with some sort of emotion. Whether it was a sign of victory or a sign of defeat, the one who survived would come after Subaru and Rem.

Subaru: [Before that happens, we gotta……]

Rem: [――Leave me.]

As Subaru thought about the need to depart from the area, Rem, still held close to his chest area, declared that.

Hearing her strained voice, Subaru blew out a short breath, and,

Subaru: [Wh…at?]

Rem: [Leave me. It’s my fault I made you take an unnecessary detour. A single moment can’t be lost. I will try to tie down the enemy in one way or another, so……]

Subaru: [D-don’t be ridiculous! Leaving you is something I can’t……]

Rem: [Then, what the hell are you going to do!? How can you, who brought a child and a woman who can’t move her legs, out of breath and your knees shaking, do anything more than this!?]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem snapped at him in close proximity, her face flushing with anger. It wasn’t as if Subaru was overwhelmed by the intensity of her words, but he was unable to make an immediate retort.

Subaru wasn’t smart enough to instantly propose an alternative plan upon being asked.

However, because he wasn’t smart, he could come up with an answer that didn’t require it.

Subaru: [――No, that wouldn’t do. I won’t leave you here.]

Rem: [――fh, that stubbornness of yours……]

Subaru: [Which one of us is being more stubborn, huh!? I understand you feel responsible for it! But, you know, you’re demonstrating your sense of responsibility at the wrong place in the wrong time! I can’t just leave you behind!”

Rem: [Wha……]

Subaru: [It’s meaningless if you aren’t there with me! If you’re going to die, it’s better if I died instead. What can I do to make you understand it!?]

Subaru spoke his mind earnestly, trying to withdraw Rem’s idea from the table.

His words came from his heart. Of course, Subaru didn’t want to die as well. Even if “Return by Death” granted him an opportunity, he didn’t want to die. That’s why it was only about being stuck in a dilemma, seeking out the best option between the worst choice and the most unwanted choice.

Even so――,

Subaru: [I’ll pick the method that won’t get either of us killed.]

Rem: [……What are you going to do about that girl on your back?]

Subaru: [I would like to use her as bait if I were allowed to, but it’s going to be a problem getting complaints directed at me for doing so. So, for now, I’ll be on the run while also bringing her with me.]

Anyway, it was getting under his skin with how Louis was always getting caught in the problems between him and Rem.

However, if he threw Louis out right now, his relationship with Rem would be damaged beyond repair. That choice was off the table. That’s why, no matter how loathsome she was, Subaru couldn’t abandon her.

Rem: [――――]

Listening to Subaru’s words that came from his resolute will, Rem widened her eyes, falling silent.

Even now, Subaru could catch a glimpse of Rem’s inner conflict, unable to comprehend how she should judge him, who was engulfed in a wicked scent that she couldn’t bear to take in.

Keeping her uncertain expression in the corner of his eye, Subaru surveyed his surroundings, searching for an escape route.

However, a path leading to their survival wasn’t something that could be found so conveniently. Subaru could see that the situation provided enough of a reason for Rem to start telling him to use her as a decoy.

If so, their remaining option was――,

Subaru: [――To fly.]

Rem: [Wha…… Wa-wait! That’s what you call being reckless! Do you understand the situation we’re in!?]

Subaru: [There’s me, who’s exhausted from the weight strapped against my back, who’s carrying Rem who can’t move her legs, who has three of my fingers broken, and who’s ribcage is in a state that’s a bit suspicious……]

Rem: [About your fingers…… Anyway! It’s absurd to try something like that in your condition! From this height…… the moment you jump in, you’re only going to fall unconscious and drown!]

Pointing at the gigantic river below them, Rem stated her realistic disagreements to Subaru’s plan.

The height was ten meters, and they were in a position where the injured person had to look after two people who couldn’t even move around properly. If they had to somehow reach the opposite bank while braving through the violent waters, it was natural to think of it as a suicidal act.

Subaru: [But, it’s not suicide. Even if it was, when we die, we’ll die together.]

Rem: [Absolutely not!]

Subaru: [Yeow!]

Rem gave him a splendid slap across his smile that showed his gleaming teeth. His neck twisted to the side from the power put into the blow, and while he uttered a, “Ow ow,” the cheek where he had gotten slapped reddening in color, and,

Subaru: [I got it. Since you’re saying that, I won’t die.]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [I’m the one who’ll grant your wish. ――Because, I’m your hero.]

Hearing his words, Rem stared at him, wide-eyed.

It wasn’t because her memories had unconsciously throbbed, but it was out of surprise at the fact that Subaru had shamelessly repeated the same, untrustworthy declaration he had made right after she awakened, without learning from the disaster it resulted in.

But, that was alright.

He didn’t necessarily want to make Rem listen to what he said just now. ――All he wanted to do was to cast a spell on the man reflected in Rem’s light blue eyes, who concealed his patheticness behind a bluff.

Subaru: [Hold on tight.]

Subaru exhaled as he said that, sensing danger drawing near them.

Rem was attempting to resist even as of now, but Subaru had already pushed off against the ground with his feet, while he was carefully selecting the words to get her to stop. Bracing herself for the fall, Rem grabbed onto Subaru’s clothes firmly with her hand.

And then――,

Rem: [――I won’t forgive you if you die!]

“Ahh, I can’t die if you say so,” Subaru laughed wryly as he gave a strong kick against the cliff.

△▼△▼△▼△

A column of water rose into the air from the impact, his body swallowed by a vicious force, and he spun around, round and round.

Because he managed to plunge into the water feet-first, he kept the damage he received from the fall to a minimum.

However, its power was enough to cause him to receive minimal damage, and for Subaru, whose health bar was already in the red zone, he couldn’t erase the impression that he had clenched his teeth and rode it out with his meager amount of willpower.

Although, there was no need to erase it.

Subaru: [Gah, bh,]

Without needing to wipe away such an impression, Subaru’s whole body was soaking wet. He was tossed about by the rushing water’s momentum, as if he was a towel being stirred inside of a washing machine.

He wanted to somehow rise up to the surface of the water, and breathe. Yet, he did not have the freedom to do so. Even if he wanted to flail his limbs around in an attempt to float, he couldn’t do that because he was carrying what was dear to him in his arms.

Subaru: [――――]

He was being squeezed and crumpled up by the water, but he felt the targets of his affection and hatred in his arms and on his back respectively. Neither the whip fastened to himself, nor his arms that strongly embraced the girl, were coming apart.

Subaru: [Gabh… gabh…]

Due to the impact from diving into the water, most of the air he had breathed in before jumping had escaped from his lungs.

He wasn’t going to swim, but he needed both stamina and oxygen to retain his sanity. Since both of them were on the verge of depletion, he couldn’t stay leisurely and take things easy.

Subaru: [Gabh, gabh……]

Water flowed into his mouth from his nose, and he felt like it was also spilling into his eyes and ears as well.

His floundering feet paddled the water meaninglessly, and he also felt as if he was powerless to do anything as he was being transported into the stomach of a giant creature’s esophagus ― which could be said to be the humongous river. Once he arrived “there”, it would not be possible to undo it.

Before he made it there, he needed to do something.

Subaru: [Gabh… gabh…]

When he desperately fumbled around in the water, many unnecessary thoughts wriggled around in his head.

Just like how he remembered Petra and Ryuzu when he was showered with blood, just like how he remembered carrying Ram while he ran around the forest, many things crossed his mind.

Are Emilia, Beatrice, Ram, and Meili safe? What are Julius, Anastasia, and Echidna doing? Everyone would feel at ease if Patrasche was there. If Patrasche was here, she would’ve rescued him. Saving and getting saved. He had repeated that cycle many times, and Rem was supposed to be the person he had repeated it with the most, but she broke his fingers. He didn’t think of it until now, but he did a good job in not crying out, even though it really hurt. Well done. He didn’t want to do anything dumb in front of Rem. In front of Emilia, in front of Beatrice, and in front of Petra and Garfiel as well. Otto, Clind, and Frederica knew how pathetic he was, so it didn’t matter with them. Things would take a wrong turn into something frightening if Roswaal knew about it, so he needed to continue hiding it somehow. He needed to return to Pristella quickly, help the people who were in dire need of it, the Royal Selection, tomorrow, everyone――,

Subaru: [Gabuh… gabh……]

Every, one――,

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [――Gahgk,]

Reaching his hand out with all his might, Subaru pulled himself close to the branch he managed to grab onto. He took a hold of it with his left hand, and excruciating pain shot through his three crippled fingers, but he wasn’t bothered by it.

His whole body was chilled to the bone, and his senses were distant and dull. There was a possibility that instead of three fingers, every finger on his left hand was broken, but he had little to no interest in that matter.

Subaru: [Oergh, bhleh,]

He broke out into a coughing fit, vomiting large amounts of the water that had filled his stomach.

While doing so, he was able to draw the heaviness in his right arm closer to himself, making it so her face appeared above the surface of the water. Staring at her unconscious face from the side, he rushed to crawl up the bank, relying on the branch.

Subaru: [Gaghk, urgh,]

On the bank he finally made it to, he left it to his nausea to make him spew out an enormous volume of water. And then, fighting the sensation of having water left inside his body still, he laid the girl he dragged out of the water onto the ground.

Subaru: [――――]

Bringing his ear near her mouth, he checked her breathing. There was no reaction. He bit his lip, pushing against her chest area with force, carrying out CPR on her.

However, she didn’t come back to life. Right as he bent over, his face coming near her as he wondered if he should perform artificial respiration, she threw up some water along with a small cough. Tilting her face to the side, Subaru let her expel the water from her body.

Subaru: [Hah, ha……]

Enduring the fatigue that spread across his entire body, he unfastened the whip he tied against himself, lowering the weight on his back. Perhaps the fact that she was unconscious from the beginning proved to be fortunate, as the lowered weight was letting out weak breaths.

That meant… everyone was… safe――,

Subaru: [S… a… fe……]

His head swayed to the side, in midst of his dizziness, and he collapsed on the spot.

He thought he had to somehow leave the bank and at least hide in the thickets and bushes, but his body wasn’t listening to him at all. His stamina had been completely emptied.

Unable to move a single finger, his consciousness gradually fell deep into the darkness.

As if he had been trapped in an ant lion’s pit, descending into the dark, obscure world, forever and ever.

What he wished for before he passed out, was for neither the hunter nor the snake, but for someone else to――,

Subaru: [Save… Rem……]

There was only one wish, for someone to at least save Rem, even if it was just her.

△▼△▼△▼△

――.

――――.

――――――――.

Subaru: [――ah,]

Slowly, his consciousness was pulled out of the depths of the cold, bitter darkness.

Silently, he remembered he had forgotten how to breathe, then he gulped and ingested air into his empty body. More, more. He desired more oxygen as if he had been drowning, opening his mouth wide――,

???: [――Shut it with your wheezing and panting, you.]

Subaru: [Mrgh,]

Something was forcefully thrusted into his open jaws, and he was bathed in verbal abuse.

He widened his eyes, unable to grasp the situation, but he wasn’t able to see anything. It seemed like something had been wrapped around his face, covering his eyes. However, he knew some wild fellow had shoved something into his mouth.

The taste of soil and earth, and a large, solid texture ― he could immediately guess that it was a shoe.

Someone was digging the tip of his shoe into Subaru’s mouth.

Subaru: [Oergh! Bweh! Wha, what…… guweh!]

???: [Why the hell are you defying me? Don’t you understand the position you’re in?]

Subaru: [Ghurgh, gargh,]

Subaru was struck in his solar plexus with a good, hard kick delivered by the tip of the man’s shoe, after Subaru had spat it out without thinking. As his breath caught in his throat from the impact, followed by a bout of coughing, the wild fellow spat on him.

While the man was doing that, Subaru’s mind was jumbled up in a great deal of confusion.

He couldn’t see and he was utterly befuddled, yet violence had been inflicted onto him.

Adding to that, even if he tried to rub his aching chest, he couldn’t do that because his arms were tied behind his back. His legs were bound as well, so it was impossible to stand up and escape.

Subaru: [Wh-wha… what’s……]

???: [Aah? How long are you gonna be fooling ar……]

????: [――Hey, hey, chill out! He’s completely clueless! It can’t be helped! Rather than that, here! Let’s take off his blindfold!]

???: [Tch.]

Two men seemed to be having an argument in front of Subaru, who was curled up on the ground with saliva spilling out of his mouth. The man that arrived later had persuaded the violent man, and Subaru sensed that the rough, boorish presence had distanced himself from the area.

After that, the voice of the composed man reached his ears with a, “Well,”

????: [Sorry that was done to you right after you woke up. I think you’re probably feeling muddled and all, but I’ll just take off your blindfold, okay? Though, I can’t remove the rope around your hands and feet, so you gotta bear with it.]

Subaru: [――――]

As Subaru remained silent, the man gently placed his hands on his head, unfastening the blindfold that was tightly wrapped around his head. He felt the air against his skin, along with a tiny prick of pain, and waited for his vision to return as he took in a deep breath, withstanding the throbbing ache in his chest.

And then――,

Subaru: [――Where… the hell is this.]

In his newly-recovered field of view, the clearing was dotted with many tents and campfires. Along with those, there were men equipped with swords and armor, giving off a fierce feeling, and restlessly going to and fro around the area.

Rendered completely speechless, Subaru thought of the most appropriate picture that would be representing the sight at hand in his mind――,

Subaru: [……I’ve seen something like this in a taiga drama .]

The reason he thought of it wasn’t because he had encountered a gigantic river right before all of this, but what crossed his mind was a scene from a taiga drama ―― the camp of a military unit, busied by preparations before the official battle began. [1]

It was as if the sight in front of him was a replica of ― no, it wasn’t.

????: [We found you right as we went out to fetch some water, yeah. Sorry, but you’ve been captured. You’re our prisoner.]

Was the person who walked in front of him the man that took off his blindfold?

Putting a hand to his hip, he spoke to Subaru with a genuine-looking, troubled expression.

――Natsuki Subaru had been taken prisoner.

Translation notes:

[1] – 大河ドラマ (Taiga drama) = Long-running TV series.

大河 (Taiga) = A huge river.

Very punny, Subaru.

--- Chapter 6: A Land Faraway in the South ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Source:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [Hey, what’s the worst thing that’s happened to you as a traveling merchant?]

???: [And there it is. Yet another unpleasant question…]

In his room, Otto was staring at documents, when Subaru presented this question, causing him to frown.

Wrinkles were already present in-between his brows, but thanks to the question they leveled up to one hundred.

Subaru: [You see, Garfiel and I were having a little chat about one-man journeys. I guess it’s a bit different in your case, but you were a traveling merchant, so you’re familiar with that sort of thing, right?]

Otto: [I would not say you are wrong, but I had Frufoo with me, at the very least. Thanks to my Divine Protection, I always had someone I could talk to, so it did not really feel like I was traveling alone.]

As he spoke, Otto rubbed his eyes and placed the documents on the desk. Then, in front of the desk where the mountain of papers rested, he directed his gaze towards the two guests who sat on the sofa with a Shatranj board spread between them ―― Subaru and Garfiel.

Although it was Subaru who had the upper hand in this game, each move that he made kept alternately securing or endangering his position.

Otto: […Garfiel, move the merchant two squares forward.]

Subaru: [Hey! Otto, you bastard!]

Garfiel: [Hm? Ooooh! So that’s it! Ya really bailed me outta this one, Otto-bro!]

With just a quick glance, Otto discerned the most advantageous move to make, receiving two different reactions from Subaru and Garfiel respectively. Ignoring how Subaru struggled in the situation that he was instantly put into, “Still,” Otto muttered,

Otto: [Garfiel, are you interested in traveling alone?]

Garfiel: [If I’m interested, ya say? ‘Course I am. But ya kno’, I spent a whole lotta time stuck in tha ‘Sanctuary’, so I neve’ got to travel or anythin’.]

Otto: [Ah, I see. You really are interested, are you not? Well, with your self-sufficiency and self-defense skills as high as they are, I think you would do just fine. Unlike Natsuki-san.]

Subaru: [Hey hey, don’t you underestimate me like that. My mentor’s been praising my progress a lot lately, just so you know.]

Otto: [It seems like he decided to use praise to motivate you. It is hard to be sure if praise or scolding works better with you, after all.]

Otto’s comments were so soft towards Garfiel, yet so hard towards Subaru.

However, considering how strict Garfiel was with himself, and how prone Subaru was to get carried away, it was probably the correct approach.

But that aside――,

Subaru: [Anyway, what’s that worst moment you’ve had as a traveling merchant?]

Otto: [Why are you so insistent on knowing that?]

Garfiel: [Tha Captain may just be askin’ outta curiosity, but I’m seriously interested here, Otto-bro. Knowin’ ya’re such a tough guy, I imagine ya’d be fine unless ya encountered a huge dragon or somethin’.]

Otto: [Garfiel, don’t you think your expectations of me are way too high?!]

It would take an emergency of such grandiosity to truly place Otto in a tight spot.

Garfiel’s strong trust in Otto led him to harbor such conception, which was, albeit slightly exaggerated, not all that different from Subaru’s assessment of Otto’s crisis response capabilities.

If one were to ask the members of the faction who the most dangerous person was, it was undoubted that they all would unanimously reply saying Otto’s name.

Subaru: [Well, I can’t really see something like that happening anyway…]

Otto: [What are you grumbling about? ……I have been in several risky situations during my life indeed, but I would say the worst one was that one time I was held captive by a certain dangerous group.]

Garfiel: [Whatcha mean, dangerous guys? Were ya attacked by bandits or somethin’?]

Otto: [――. Well, something similar to that. They separated me from Frufoo and my carriage, and then left me wrapped up in a mat, without any weapons or tools at hand; and so, I prepared myself to die.]

Otto murmured, a distant look on his eyes. As they listened, Subaru and Garfiel turned to look at each other.

The fear that he had experienced was surely no little matter. Otto’s words carried a weight that was not typical of him.

Garfiel: [A dead end, huh. Guess that’s what it’s like ta be ‘forsaken on the Decou Plateau,’ ain’t it.]

Otto: [It really was like that. If it were not for some kind people that happened to come across me by chance, I would have lost my life that day. ――And that, I will never forget.]

Subaru: [I see. Everyone’s got their own story, after all.]

Arms crossed, Subaru nodded as he reflected on Otto’s adversities.

Tied by bandits, stripped of his belongings, his very right to live or die completely subject to somebody else’s whim: such circumstances were not something that Subaru faced often, yet also not something that he was a stranger to.

Subaru: [Still, it’s thanks to their help that our Otto is here with us now. Those guys who found you deserve a proper thanks, don’t you think?]

Otto: [――. Yes, you are right.]

Subaru: [――? What’s with the lukewarm reply? You’re making me uneasy, man.]

Subaru scowled at Otto’s unexpected reaction. Despite Subaru’s response, Otto stayed oddly calm and composed, his posture like that of a deity.

While Subaru felt shivers going down his spine, Garfiel clenched his fist with a “But hey,”

Garfiel: [Now I know all the stuff you’ve gone thru, Otto-bro. But rest assured. Ya’d better believe I won’t be lettin’ that stuff happen ta ya ever again, a’ight?]

Otto: [Oh, really? Well, I do know I can depend on you, Garfiel. Natsuki-san, on the other hand…]

Subaru: [You can’t just compare me with Garfiel in terms of combat strength! You’ll make me feel like all the hard work I’ve done so far isn’t worth a damn!]

Subaru moved his empty hand as if he brandished a whip with it. With a gesture of his own, Garfiel pretended to crush it with his fangs, making his opponent aware of his powerlessness.

“Ugh……!” Subaru groaned as Garfiel’s victory made him openly display joy; while witnessing the two, a despondent “Ha” escaped Otto’s mouth,

Otto: [Garfiel, move the merchant diagonally to the right. Let us show him what we merchants are made of.]

Subaru: [Argh! D-damn it, Otto, you jerk!]

Garfiel: [Hm? Ooooh! Look, it’s a checkmate! Captain, what a weaklin’ y’are!!]

Subaru: [You didn’t do it alone, though!!]

Surrounding the Shatranj board, Subaru cried out along with his cornered army. From the moment the alliance between Garfiel and Otto was formed, there was only one thing that he would be given the chance to do ―― to retreat as he bawled like the sore loser he was.

△▼△▼△▼△

――A prisoner of war.

As soon as he heard those words, what coursed through Subaru’s mind was the chatter of nights like those. He’d had his weapons and tools taken away from him,along with his freedom, held captive by someone he did not know. It was pretty much like Otto had said, this was a natural situation to resign yourself to “death”.

Subaru: […]

The place where Subaru was being held captive looked quite like encampments raised for war that he’d seen in stuff like a Taiga Drama . [1]

He could see many a tent lined up, along with rows of armour and weapons waiting to be equipped. Men with a heavy atmosphere about them went by, and it seemed like their forces contained both humans and demi-humans.

Subaru was sitting atop some solid ground, with nothing but a barebones curtain fixed at that place to ward off the wind. His hands were tied behind his back, and his feet were restrained as well, making him unable to move.

However, to Subaru, what mattered a lot more was…

Subaru: [Rem… There should have been a girl with me. What happened to her?]

???: [Oh, so we tell you you’re our prisoner of war, and the first thing that pops into your head are girls? Am I right to think that this means these girls are important to you?]

The man who’d been crouching down just before ― Namely, the young man who seemed to have stopped the violent man who’d shoved his shoe in Subaru’s mouth ― batted one of his eyes shut in response to his muted question.

The youth had bright orange hair, and looked to be just a little older than Subaru. He was smiling quite amiably, but that didn’t put him at ease, given that the situation was what it was.

He wasn’t clad in a full suit of armour per se , but since he was wearing some light garb as his armour, he was probably one of the warriors in the encampment as well. ――A warrior, not a knight.

Subaru: […]

He’d managed to somehow spend over a year in this other world, and several times he’d been blessed with the opportunities to eye the differences between warriors and knights. Of course they had differences in their positions or their influence, but there were visible differences between them, which weren’t only those practical ones.

Knights were glitzy, whereas warriors were coarse ― Not in the bad sense. They just differed in what was required.

Of course, knights abounded in skill, yet they needed to be able to procure the reassurance of people’s hearts. On that point, it was necessary for them to be noble of appearance. People like Julius or Reinhard were testaments to this.

On the flipside, what was needed from a warrior was only the strength to fight.

Thus, the men gathered in this encampment were warriors, the youth in front of him was no exception either.

Subaru: […I’m going to ask you again. Where’s the girl I was with?]

Orange Haired Youth: [So darn stubborn. Though, not like I dislike that… She’s safe and sound. Both of them are full of vim and vigour. A little too full of if you ask me.]

Subaru: […! For real!?]

Subaru grabbed onto the youth’s answer as the latter gave him a strained smile. He leaned forward so he could hear the answer he wanted to, however the youth pushed him back by the forehead, letting out a “Whoa there”, preventing him from leaning any closer.

Orange Haired Youth: [Both your hands and feet are tied up. Won’t you fall over and bite your tongue if you work yourself up that much? Oh, don’t look at me like that. Both of them are safe and sound, I’m not lying.]

Subaru: [Both of them my ass; quit giving me half-assed answers. I’m happy so long as the blue-haired girl is safe and sound.]

Orange Haired Youth: [That’s an awfully cruel answer, wouldn’t you say!?]

No word of exaggeration, those were his true feelings, however there’d probably be no point telling that to the youth.

In any case, he would believe what the youth had said, for the time being. The next issue at hand was Subaru and Rem’s position. Earlier, he’d said he’d taken Subaru as a prisoner of war…

Subaru: [I find it difficult to accept being a prisoner of war, but let’s say I do… why am I being kept away from them?]

Orange Haired Youth: [If you wanna see them, I’ll let you do so afterwards. If you answer our questions honestly… Right now, those girls are in the slammer.]

Subaru: [In jail!? Why would you do that!?]

The harsh conditions associated with that flashed through his mind straight after he heard the word slammer . However, as he tried to get more details about it, his three broken fingers on his left hand cried out in pain.

Gghha…! Subaru saw stars in his eyes, making him clench his teeth. Behind him, the man sporting an eyepatch over one of his eyes had stomped his shoe on his injured fingers, whereby his hands were tied behind his back.

The man brutely stomped Subaru’s broken fingers, and said,

Man with an Eyepatch: [If you were paying attention before, you’re a guy who fuckin’ lacks the self-awareness of being a prisoner. You just need to answer the questions you’re asked, or am I wrong here? Huh?]

Orange Haired Youth: [Jamal, knock it off! You’re gonna end up making him faint again!]

Jamal: [Really fuckin’ boils my blood that he doesn’t get the position he’s in. So long as his neck ‘n above are fine, he can talk. Anyways, if three of ‘em are broken, what harm would there be in havin’ two more…]

Orange Haired Youth: […Jamal.]

The man who’d given Subaru’s hand a kick ― Jamal ― leered at him wickedly as he declared that. But as he did, the youth abruptly called out his name in a hushed tone of voice.

Hearing that caused Jamal’s breath to hitch, and so, he reluctantly moved his foot away with an “Alright then.”

Subaru: [ Ghh, ghkk …!]

Jamal: [ Tsk . You owe your thanks to Todd. Makes me wanna hurl.]

With the burden removed from his broken fingers, Subaru was able to breathe again, to which Jamal spat at him. And with that said and done, Jamal turned his back away and left the tent in a huff.

When the sound of his footsteps was far off in the distance, the youth ― Todd ― gave his head a scratch.

Todd: [Dear oh dear. I’m sorry about that. That Jamal dude is quite prickly. After all it was his unit that found you people by the riverbank; but…]

Subaru: [But…?]

Todd: [Well, apparently the girl accompanying you put up quite the fight. The people in his unit were half wrecked, and he, being the commander, lost face.]

Subaru: [Oh…]

Having now gotten a rough idea about what had happened, Subaru too wanted to hold his head in exasperation.

This probably happened after Subaru had crawled up the riverbank and lost consciousness. Having woken up before him, Rem had given Jamal, along with his men, a beating when they turned up. That’s why Jamal was in a foul mood.

Rem would have looked like a sweet girl who couldn’t move her legs at a glance, so there was no reason to blame Jamal and his men for having allowed her to get in the first strike. And even though there was no reason…

Subaru: [I… hate… that guy…]

Todd: [ Haha , what a coincidence! I don’t like him much either. That said, we’re getting off-topic. How are your fingers?]

Subaru: [They’re broken… Though the pain’s gotten better.]

Even so, the tattoo of the pounding pain was relentless. Yet, Subaru firmly gritted his teeth together and shut out the weaknesses of groaning in pain for the time being. He would, time permitting, face the pain-debt that would have accumulated up later. Right now, he had the things in front of him to face…

Subaru: [Todd, right?]

Todd: [Oh? So you were paying proper attention. Yeah, the name’s Todd. And here’s a question from your local Todd-san. I did say this before, but…]

Subaru: [That I should answer honestly I guess… What is it that you want to hear?]

In the end, he was nothing more than just the Other Worlder Natsuki Subaru.

He had no clue about anything like the means whereby he crossed worlds, nor did he unfortunately have the expertise to use knowledge cheats which were so conventional with Isekai stuff. Zip, zilch, nada. Made him cry when he really thought about it.

Subaru: [What can I , with that kind of lot in life, really answer for you?]

Todd: [What sort of obsequious display is that? Anyways, it’s a shot in the dark, but there’s just one thing I’d like to ask you. ――Are you one of the Shudraq?]

Subaru: [… Shudraq ?]

That was the imperious youth’s ― Todd’s ― question, but Subaru had never heard this word before.

Nevertheless, as soon as Todd heard Subaru responding by flipping the question back at him, he brought one of his hands to his forehead and said:

Todd: [See, I knew it. I could tell by your reaction that you’ve got nothing to do with them.]

Subaru: [Heyhey, wait up. I still haven’t answered anything. Aren’t you just being too hasty here…]

Todd: [Not at all. No one would lie when they’re asked about their own warrior clan. Even those who’ve never heard of ‘em before. So, like that, even if you tell us you’re “Shudraqian”, no one’s gonna believe you.] [2]

Subaru: […]

Though his words felt conclusive, they didn’t sound like a bluff.

Even Subaru couldn’t refuse them; the way Todd had put it, full of conviction, was that persuasive. But in that case…

Subaru: [Just what are these Shudraqians?]

Todd: [They’re the people we’re searching for. They’re somewhere in that huge forest… In the Buddheim Jungle.]

Todd answered Subaru’s question and pointed behind him. However, Subaru’s hands and feet were tied up, so he couldn’t look back that easily. Todd then put his hand on Subaru’s shoulder with a “There’s no helping that”, and turned him around.

Subaru: […The Buddheim Jungle.]

Todd: [The whole place from here is forest. It’s going to take many years, or whatever, to search it well and good.]

Though Todd muttered those words unenergetically, what he was saying was understandable. This was quite the vast forest.

The greenery continued on to the ends of the horizon both on his left and right, as seen from the encampment where Subaru was being held captive. If its depth was like that to boot, then metaphors aside, it could be on the same level as the Amazon.

And they had to find these Shudraqians or whatever he’d called them, in such a vast forest.

Subaru: […Isn’t that going to be practically impossible? To say the least.]

Todd: [You reckon so too? Well, nah, I’ve really thrown in the towel here. If it takes me years to go back home, my fiancée will end up turning away from me ya know.]

The sorrows of a soldier who’d been taken away from his lover and sent to the field of battle.

Todd’s words made Subaru feel something similar to that, evoking a little sympathy out of him. However, his sympathy didn’t last long either, since currently he was separated from the person he cherished. And other than that, the problem he had at hand was way more of a big deal.

Subaru: [Hey, Todd-san. In your view, I think I’ve answered honestly. So, I’d really like it if you kept your promise as well.]

Todd: [You’re asking me to let you see a woman, even though there’s a person who’s ruing the fact they can’t see their fiancée? What a heart of stone you have.]

Subaru: [No way I want to hear that coming from the companion of a guy who steps on an injured guy’s broken fingers.]

Todd: [ Haha , that’s for sure.]

Although Subaru’s answer was quite the bold one, Todd burst out in laughter rather than anger. He then crouched down by his side and loosened the ropes that had been tightly binding Subaru’s feet, enough so he could walk.

Todd: [You should be able to at least walk by taking short steps. I’ll take you over to the jail.]

Todd brought his hands under Subaru’s armpits and lifted him up in one go. As soon as he stood up, his legs could move freely, albeit about only half of his usual step.

He could walk like this. Thank god for having short legs. If his legs had been as long as a model’s, then he would have been thrown out of balance quite a bit.

Subaru: [Well then, please guide me there.]

Todd: [How very impudent of you… You must be a noble, right?]

With a wry smile on his face, Todd gave Subaru a clap on the back as the latter began to walk out, taking small steps.

He felt the inquisitive looks of the men around them, looking at Subaru walking along bit by bit, being led out of the tent that housed prisoners of war. He could see some of them looking like they were sneering, but Subaru cared not a fig about them. Rather, on the flip-side, it was he who observed them.

It was just as he’d thought. He could see an encampment prepared for war.

They’d covered the perimeters of the encampment with impromptu-made wooden fencing and stuff. There appeared to be over a hundred men here. Nevertheless, searching the entire forest with a hundred men was practically impossible. Subaru could understand why Todd was bemoaning that.

With that said, Subaru had expressed his sympathies both to Todd, who was in that state, and his fiancée. Yet, posed towards him was…

Todd: [Oh, talking of nobles, I just remembered… Where did you get that knife that popped up when we fished through your belongings?]

Subaru: […]

Subaru’s brows furrowed for a moment when he heard Todd’s suddenly remembered question; then he instantly recalled the knife in question.

He’d received the knife from the masked man in the forest. It had really helped him get through the many obstacles posed by the forest, as well as the traps Rem had set. ――It was too late for that now, but perhaps that masked man had been one of the Shudraqians they were searching for.

If it was like that, then telling them about him would only be tantamount to a betrayal of his benefactor.

Todd: [What’s up?]

Subaru: [No, nothing…]

Though Todd was suspicious of his silence, Subaru was also stuck between a rock and a hard place, internally.

Given that he’d been taken as a prisoner of war, Todd was treating him in a relatively reasonable manner. But make no mistake, he was still perceived as a prisoner of war. He was someone Subaru would find difficult to describe as being friendly.

On the other hand, it was pretty likely that he’d never see the masked man again. However, not only had he given him some effective advice on the matter of searching for Rem, he’d also given him that knife to boot. He was someone high in the benefactor level.

Meaning…

Todd: [Hey, what’s up?]

Subaru: [――. That knife is something from my family. It’s a family heirloom.]

Todd: [Is that so? Heyhey, then you must be quite the something, right?]

Subaru: [Huh?]

He decided to protect his benefactor in his mind, after mulling it over.

Todd’s voice raised a bit in surprise in response, with Subaru having lied with those thoughts in mind. Subaru didn’t know why it had, but nevertheless, Todd continued,

Todd: [After all, your knife’s got our national emblem, the Sword Wolf, on it. From what I’ve heard, those sorts of things are given personally from the Emperor to his retainers. Meaning, you must be from a family of honour as well?]

Subaru: […Wait just a sec.]

Todd’s voice grew excited. Meanwhile, Subaru’s breath hitched after he heard what he’d said.

The backstory behind the knife he’d received was good enough in all. He would put that matter to one side for the time being, even though there seemed to be an anecdote well worth of his surprise there.

The Sword Wolf, and the Emperor.

Subaru: […]

Subaru stopped in his tracks, his lips still pursed together as he looked around his surroundings once again.

There he could see many a tent, bonfires, sneering men, the humongous forest… And a blue flag fluttering in the wind, right next to a large tent.

…Painted smack dab in the middle of this blue flag, was a black wolf pierced by swords.

Over a year had passed for Subaru as well, since he’d come to this other world. The opportunities in which he’d be introduced as Emilia’s one and only knight were increasing, thus he was in the middle of studying stuff such as what passed as common knowledge in this world, such that he wouldn’t sit cross-legged as an other worlder forever.

The fruits of his studies matched with this flag of a wolf pierced by swords―― the Sword Wolf.

Namely…

Subaru: […The Sacred Vollachian Empire.]

The national emblem of the Empire that bordered the south of the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica.

It was right now that Subaru first realised that they’d crossed the border between the Kingdom and Empire, having been hurled into a foreign country.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Sacred Vollachian Empire.

That was the name of the land ― No, the name of the country where Subaru was being held prisoner.

The impression Subaru had towards Vollachia was, as a result of his isekai studies, something like: “ It’s like that in games or whatever, Empires kinda tend to be like lairs of evil.”

Just like the Kingdom of Lugunica, the Vollachian Empire was one of the four great countries that conserved the balance of power in the world. It was the one that held the largest amount of land, holding its dominion over the south of the world map.

Vollachia was blessed with richer soils compared to Gusteko in the north and Kararagi in the west, along with fertile lands and a warm climate. Apparently, a system of “The Survival of the Fittest” had taken shape there, as if it were a matter of course.

Many tribes and races were mixed in together, with the strong gaining everything and the weak parting with their possessions, the latter opressed by the former.

Such brutality went unpunished in the Vollachian Empire ― In other words, this was a land with people that had the worst compatibility possible for Natsuki Subaru.

Subaru: […The Sacred Vollachian Empire.]

Those words slipped out from him without even realising on the very moment he’d set his eyes on the flag swaying beside the tent. Hearing Subaru’s shocked mutter, Todd raised his brows a bit, and then,

Todd: […Long live Vollachia!]

Subaru: [Whoa!?]

A voice suddenly boomed from right behind him, taking Subaru aback. He sprang back in surprise, causing Todd to laugh at his reaction.

Todd: [ Hahaha . What’s with that reaction. You’re the one who brought it up.]

Subaru: [Long live Vollachia?]

Todd: [Long live Vollachia.]

Though those were accusations he had no awareness of, he kind of understood them.

Whenever you said The Sacred Vollachian Empire out loud, they would answer with: “ Long Live Vollachia.” That was what they were used to, a part of their national creed.

And so, there was one more thing which Subaru now knew.

Subaru: […I cannot carelessly reveal that I’m a Lugunican.]

That was a really huge blow for him.

Subaru’s position right now was as Emilia’s one and only knight, she being one of the candidates in the Royal Selection that was taking place in the Kingdom of Lugunica. Subaru had been officially knighted under Roswaal’s patronage, and thus was actually, for a limited amount of time, part of the Lugunican nobility.

Regardless of that, there shouldn’t be anyone in the Kingdom of Lugunica who didn’t know about the matter of the Royal Selection.

Thus, if he were to reveal his position, he would have been in a position to ask for a favour. ――At the very least, he’d imagined he would have talked about it to Todd once Rem’s safety had been assured, given that words got through to him.

But, it was a different matter altogether provided they were currently in the Vollachian Empire.

Subaru: […]

Having read the history books of this world, Subaru knew all too well about the poor relations between the Kingdom of Lugunica and the Vollachian Empire.

More than four hundred years ago, both countries had waged many great wars between them over territory. Ever since the Kingdom of Lugunica made a covenant with the Divine Dragon four hundred years ago, the two countries have strayed away from any major conflicts.

However, some small-scale, sporadic battles had broken out since then, and even now, there was no shadow of a doubt the two countries were in a state of cold war. He’d heard that before the start of the Royal Selection was announced, arrangements were made so that the Empire would not take advantage to lay war on them.

What would become of him were he to tell them he was part of the Lugunican nobility, right here inside the Vollachian Empire.

Maybe this would be possible if it were an Imperial noble with some common sense, but the place they were in was an encampment at the edge of a battlefield.

Todd aside, could he really hope to be treated as a guest of the nation by so many of these impulsive lot like Jamal?

Subaru: [That’s a definite no-go.]

Meaning that Subaru could not carelessly divulge his position.

Now that things were like this, the fact that he was here with Rem, who had forgotten even Subaru’s position, was a blessing in disguise ― Truly a small blessing amongst a sea of misfortune.

Todd: [Hey, what’s the actual matter? Are your legs useless, as well as your fingers?]

Subaru: [Nah, that’s not it. It’s just that when I heard you say “Long live Vollachia”, I couldn’t contain the shudders of awe welling up from deep inside my chest…]

Todd: [Oh, I see. No helpin’ that. ‘Tis only natural that you’d be struck at heart by how the Empire is, given that you’re connected to the Imperial nobility. I was the one who lacked consideration.]

Subaru: [ Haha , well, hahaha .]

He would have scratched his head if he could, yet he could only let out a forced laugh at Todd’s answer.

This was the “Empire” indeed, even though his world view on it came only from literature.

The mantra of the Empire permeated all the way down to run-of-the-mill soldiers like Todd. Realising that it was showing in the man’s behaviour right now, Subaru gritted his teeth.

His trump card of sorts, as in, revealing his social standing and returning back to the Mathers Domain, could safely be assumed to have been blocked.

Or maybe a sensible citizen of the Empire would respect his position, but…

Subaru: […The odds would be stacked against me a little too much, were I to gamble on those two choices.]

Todd: [What are you grumbling about? Looky here, your long-awaited meeting.]

Subaru: [… ah ]

Subaru, who’d been shuffling along, was pushed by his back, before then receiving a clap on the shoulder.

He lifted his head up straight after Todd told him that. And when he did, he’d been brought along to some iron cells situated near one edge of the encampment. Within one of those iron cells, all of them lined up neat and tidy, a girl sat flumped down.

Subaru: [Rem!]

Rem: [―― hk , it’s you.]

Having found the figure of the girl he was searching for, Subaru flew over to the cell. Rem took notice of him and frowned, all the while glaring at him with the same hostility.

Yet, he didn’t care. So long as, first of all, he could check that she was alright…

Subaru: [Oh, thank goodness. Did they do anything to you? Are you in any pa… Hbwaah! ]

Todd: [Whoa, whoa, that looks like it’s gonna hurt.]

Since Subaru had been shuffling along quickly, his feet got tangled up, making him fall forward. He couldn’t use his hands to support himself of course, so he crashed face-first into the iron cell.

And just like that, Subaru let out a groan as he fell over backwards.

Rem: [Wai… What’s with that all of a sudden!?]

Subaru: [Ah nothing, my bad… I… I didn’t mean to scare you…]

Rem: [As if I would be! Stop looking down on me please… Were your nose and teeth and stuff alright?]

Subaru: [Huh!? Are you worried about me?]

Rem: [Wha? No?]

Subaru managed to lift his body up, in the way a caterpillar would, and sniffled. The answer he got from Rem was glacial.

Nevertheless, as he was gazed at by those light-blue eyes, Subaru let out a sigh of relief. However, this caused Rem’s face to tense up even more, still inside her cell.

Todd: [Alrighty then, I get that this is quite the emotional meeting, but you two ain’t quite on the same page, no? Lemme see then, so, um, you must be Rem, right?]

Rem: [――. Who knows.]

Todd: [Heyhey, what a pain. Like, there’s got to be a limit to how stubborn you can get.]

Todd butted in between Subaru and Rem’s unexpected meeting, sporting a sullen look on his face.

Rem tsunishly turned her face away, however, it seemed like her cold attitude wasn’t just limited to Subaru. It seemed to also be consistently pointed towards the encampment ― against the people of the Empire, Todd included.

Though all things said, you could say this was really typical of Rem and her bossy at home, yet timid on the streets temperament.

Subaru: [If you’re going to be snapping at whoever comes by, they’re gonna nickname you with stuff like “Mad Dog”.]

Rem: [And now he has the absolute cheek of calling me a dog. Not only do you stink, but you’re also quite the rude person, aren’t you?]

Subaru: [What are you trying to say, me stinking is being rude? Like, you mean I lack in the cleanliness department? Even so, cleanliness is something which I’ve never really properly grasped.]

There was a saying that went something like: When you hate someone, you come to hate everything related to the person . Rem’s manner of interactions with Subaru matched that sort of stuff to a T. [3]

The fact he had ended up coming to a place like this, while still unable to shake off that poor first impression he gave, was a real bummer.

Subaru: [Anyways, she is indeed called Rem. Thanks for helping me out… Though, that said, it’s hard for me to express my gratitude when I see how she’s been put in this cell.]

Todd: [Didn’t I tell you? The people in Jamal’s unit were beaten up. If I didn’t let myself do at least this, then even I would lose face. Either way, it’s not like we’re gonna hurt her.]

Subaru: […Can I really trust you on that?]

Todd: [We have the credence of the Imperial Nobility here after all. Even Jamal can’t complain about that.]

Todd rifled through his bosom and pulled out that knife while saying that. Subaru’s eyes swung wide open as Todd unsheathed it and cut away the rope around his hands and feet.

Feeling himself freed from his restraints, Subaru let out an exhale with an “ Oh. ”

Subaru: [You’re just going to let me go?]

Todd: [I wanna say “Yeah, and take your girl wherever” … But I can’t.]

Subaru: […]

Todd: [Don’t give me such a scary look. It’s not like I’m doing you a disservice. As you’ve gathered, we’ve prepared our ranks to fight the Shudraqians in the forest. But, it’s not just us who’ve been deployed. If you wander around all willy-nilly, then you’re gonna get captured by the guys at some other encampment.]

In other words, there were several encampments scattered around the land, waiting to raid the vast forest.

Were Subaru and his party to carelessly intrude into another encampment, they would most likely be captured and questioned, just like it had happened here.

But even worse――,

Subaru: [With so many Jamals in these encampments, I might even be forced to eat another damn shoe.]

Todd: [I don’t mean to brag, but in the Imperial Army you’d be hard-pressed to find many like myself. I really dislike violence, so if there’s a chance for dialogue, I’ll always go with that first, you see.]

Rem: [So we should expect most of them to be as abusive as that rude gentleman, is what you are saying?]

Todd: [Well, he did offend you, so he kinda deserves it, I guess.]

An intense hatred could be heard in Rem’s voice as she firmly spoke.

She could not bring herself to like Subaru either, but her first meeting with Jamal had been simply awful. Judging from the fact that Todd, despite knowing the situation, was not on Jamal’s side either, it could be inferred that not even his allies could defend his actions.

Subaru: [Todd-san, I get that you’re worried about our safety. But what should we do? Just like you, I really don’t want to stay put until they’re done raiding the forest.]

Todd: [I know, plus we’re gonna get shouted at if we let outsiders stay at our encampment for too long. But no matter what we do, a supply convoy will set out for a nearby town in some days from now. If y’all leave the encampment along with them, you’ll probably be able to get out without causing any unneeded ruckus.]

Subaru: [I see, a supply convoy…]

It was a no-brainer, you needed the appropriate amount of food and water to feed all of these people. There was no way they could provide that using the land around them, and so the units that brought in supplies were as important as the troops set out for combat.

That’s why Todd had recommended them to go with the people charged with providing such things for the encampments.

Subaru: [Then is it okay if we depend on you for a little while longer…?]

Todd: [I reckon so. The battle shouldn’t progress any time soon… So just make sure you don’t go near that damn Jamal. Unless you wanna be forced to eat another shoe.]

Subaru: [Yeah, I really feel that… Rem, are you alright with his plan?]

Rem: […]

Rem gave him no reply, her face still tsunishly turned away from him.

Nevertheless, she did not reject it to his face, so she probably didn’t have any objections or alternatives in mind. He would just take it as being a cute act of defiance from her.

Todd: [You two have a weird relationship though. What sort of people are you?]

Subaru: [Uhm, you can think of us as wanderers or travellers. Rem’s my beloved girl, and the other girl we were with is someone I don’t know.]

Rem: [You’re still saying that stuff…]

Upon hearing Todd’s question, Rem’s distrust grew stronger. Subaru too thought he’d messed up, but on the other hand, he absolutely didn’t want to recognise Louis as being one of their companions.

In all honesty, he’d be all for the Empire taking her from them.

Subaru: [Which reminds me, she hasn’t been thrown into a cell along with Rem. Where did she go?]

Rem: [――. She was taken away for treatment. It seems she cut her forehead somewhere when we recklessly jumped into the river.]

Subaru: [Treatment… Treatment?]

Subaru reacted in astonishment when he heard Rem’s answer, who’d averted her gaze away. Then his expression turned serious, and he jumped towards the cell.

Subaru: [Did you say treatment!?]

Rem: [W-What? Indeed I did. Or are you saying you don’t want that girl you detest to even get treatment for her injuries?]

Subaru: [You’re not wrong there either, but that’s not the issue. Hey, Todd-san! Where’s that damned Louis getting treated? Which tent!?]

Subaru had turned around, making Todd react with a surprised “Wha?” in response to his threatening attitude. However, he did not understand the gravity of the situation one bit. Subaru grabbed him by the shoulders and asked once again: “Where is she?”

Todd: [If she’s receiving treatment, she’ll be in that tent with a red flag. But what’s going on with you so suddenly?]

Subaru: [Just like whatever, everyone’s going to die!]

Subaru pushed Todd’s shoulder away, the latter’s eyes peeled wide open, as the former hurried over to the tent with the red flag. Rem and Todd unconsciously exchanged looks with one another seeing the vigour that drove Subaru.

Todd: [What the…? Well, whatever, I’ll go after him, but…]

Rem: [Please do. He’s probably going to do something rash unless you stop him.]

Todd: [Though, why do you have to be the one to tell me that…]

Todd scratched his head and hurriedly went after Subaru, as the latter rushed forward.

And, as soon as she couldn’t see Subaru anymore,

Rem: [Like what the hell? That guy’s just been acting as he pleases with me all this time.]

Rem muttered that under her breath.

Subaru: […]

And on the other hand, having heard what Todd had said earlier, Subaru was looking around, searching for the red tent. Hearing Louis was receiving treatment; the worst possibility swept across Subaru‘s mind.

Namely, the possibility that Louis, who seemed to have lost her mind somehow, would turn back to normal with treatment and be re-established as one of the Sin Archbishops of Gluttony.

In that case, both Subaru, and of course the amnesiac Rem, would not be able to contend with her. Even if Todd, Jamal and the people of the Empire in this encampment got together, there would probably be many, many casualties.

He wasn’t going to let that happen. Impatience filled Subaru’s mind, as if saying, That must never happen .

Then, he turned towards a red tent that had caught his eyes and he quickly made his way over to it…

Subaru: [I’m sorry! Is there a vile golden haired kid here――]

???: [Auuuaa!!]

A golden bullet came hurtling out from the inside at terrific speed the moment he’d tried to open the tent’s flap.

True to its aim, it scored a direct hit under his nose ― right against the centre of his body, causing both his consciousness and upper body to jolt unsteadily. And just like that, he fell down flat on his ass.

As a result, he ended up putting down his left hand on the ground, in an instant move. ――His left hand, where three of his fingers were broken.

Subaru: [ GYHAAAAAAAAA!! ]

Louis: [Ahh! Ahh! Uaaah!]

Subaru’s consciousness flickered from the fierce pain. Present was a demon, making merry, squealing happily while straddled over Subaru, who was writing in agony. ――Louis.

She was still the same as the time when she’d woken Subaru up in that grassy plain. There was a smile plastered on her face, a smile that looked just like the very manifestation of innocent evil, as she snuggled up to his chest.

He really wanted to brush her away, but his consciousness, scorching with pain, didn’t let him do so.

Subaru: [ Gh, khh, a-ahh… !]

Todd: [Whoa there, you used your left hand? Well that’s, damn, pretty rough… But from what I can see, this girl looks back to her usual. Like, the wound on her forehead’s been patched up too.]

Todd caught up to Subaru, who was writhing in agony, and gently lifted the happy Louis up from his chest. Louis flapped her arms and legs while letting out an “Auuh”, however, Todd paid her no heed.

Just like Todd had said, there was a bandage wrapped around Louis’ head. It looked like they had given her some treatment for her forehead cut. Not with magic though, but with simple first-aid techniques.

Subaru: [ Kh, ah … I-Is that so? So that’s what you meant by treating her head…]

He’d been so sure they were going to heal her wound with magic, so he’d gotten all panicky. However, with the method they had resorted to, there would be no way its healing would treat any aspects he didn’t wish to be treated.

It looked like Subaru’s fears had ended up being needless, for now.

Todd: [You treat this girl who’s so attached to you as someone you don’t know, yet the girl you hold as being so precious treats you so coldly… I don’t really get it, but that sounds like a dang mess.]

Subaru: […Can’t deny that. There’s hardly anyone around who finds themselves in as many messes as I do.]

If there were a limit to the amount of hardships a person went through in their life, then was this just a lifetime worth of hardships closing in on him? Or was the count reset with each Return by Death? Would a time when he would be able to feel at ease never ever come?

Just the thought of that was terrifying. And although it was terrifying…

Subaru: [I’m alive for now. That’s what matters.]

Todd: [Sure feels like you set your targets low… So, what will you do? Are we okay to go along with you guys accompanying the supply convoy in a few days time?]

Subaru: [Oh, yeah, yes please. My apologies though, for having to stay in your care.]

Todd: [Mhm? Then no need to fret, since I ain’t gonna be leaving y’all to mooch off us.]

Subaru, who was sitting cross-legged, raised his face at Todd’s words and said: “Huh?” Following that, Todd brought Louis back to the ground as she flapped her legs around, and placed one of his hands to his hips.

After that, he pointed to the Empire’s encampment that stretched out behind him, and said,

Todd: [This is quite the encampment. No matter how many hands we have on deck, it’s never enough. There’s tons of work, so I’m gonna have to get you to help out with some stuff.]

Subaru: […He who does not work, shall not eat, I guess that’s what you’re saying?]

Subaru quietly murmured those words, causing Todd to repeat them back as soon as he heard them.

Todd: [He who does not work… Yes indeed. That’s spot on. You sure know some good words.]

Todd nodded his head, and to his side, Louis nodded as well, as if copying him.

Subaru loudly cracked his neck bones while looking up at the two of them.

Subaru: […I guess this is way better than being told “Don’t do anything”, or being forced to eat a shoe, huh.]

Translation Notes

[1] – Taiga drama is the name NHK gives to the annual year-long historical drama television series it broadcasts in Japan.

[2] –  Todd uses the word shizoku specifically, which can have broader connotations in reference to Japanese History. I think Tappei is just using the term broadly, to refer to warrior tribes/families/classes, but in case you feel like going down a rabbit hole: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shizoku

[3] – The Japanese idiom is literally closer to: If you hate monks, you will even hate their robe.

--- Chapter 7: Being a Man was Tough ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Source:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [Ouch.]

Subaru gave a reflexive grimace as he felt a sharp pain run through his finger.

He looked down and saw a drop of blood beading down from a shallow cut on the tip of his index finger. He’d been tidying up some documents scattered around on the desk, yet it seemed like he’d cut his finger on them.

Subaru: [Shit, I really messed up there. Guess this is the initiation I get for having underestimated the isekai paper making technology…]

???: [My, Subaru-kun, whaaaaat’s the matter? Did you cut your finger on some paper?]

Subaru: [I can tell what you’re thinking here, Roz-chi: “Oh, how miserable of youuuu, weaker even than paper.” I just screwed up a bit… Can’t you fix this up like it’s nothing?]

Subaru showed his aching finger to the owner of the mansion, Roswaal, as he posed his question.

Roswaal was facing his desk, in his office, having been busying himself with some paperwork. He placed his quill down, before then taking a look at the scratch on Subaru’s finger.

Roswaal: [Let me see. Oh my, it looks paaaainful. That said, ‘tis but a scratch. It should heal pretty quickly if you give it a lick. Oooor, should I lick it for you?]

Subaru: [No thank you. I’d just go ahead and stick it in Beako’s mouth or something, if I was going to get it licked by you, Roz-chi.]

Roswaal: [ Haha , how amuuuuusing… It seems like you and Beatrice are getting along swimmingly, doesn’t it.]

Roswaal let go of Subaru’s finger and beamed at him while resting his elbows on the desk. Subaru tilted his head, saying “Is that so?” after hearing what he had to say.

The relationship Subaru and Beatrice had was a complex one, nigh impossible to express. Though putting it as such was an exaggeration, he hadn’t really been able to get much compromise from Beatrice.

Subaru: [It’s fun teasing her after all, and it’s me who’s actively doing the provoking, though I’m not too sure how she feels about it.]

Roswaal: [Oh no, no need to wooooorry about that. Beatrice is quite the forthright girl with these kinds of things after all. If she really felt like rejecting you, you probably wouldn’t be able to go in and out of the Forbidden Library either.]

Subaru: [I see…]

Roswaal: [Since aaaaafter all, she won’t allow me into the Forbidden Library currently.]

Subaru: [I see?]

Roswaal placed one of his hands to his chest as he said that with feigned indifference, before giving him a strained smile.

That said, Roswaal was just like Subaru in that it looked like he considered Beatrice as a teasable girl. That, and they’d also been acquainted with each other far longer than Subaru had.

Subaru: [So like, you’re misanalysing the sense of distance between you two and letting it fester, or something? Wouldn’t it have been better to apologise?]

Roswaal: [Well, you’re not too far off there. In regards to an apology… Just a little tooooo much time has ended up passing for both me and Beatrice.]

Subaru: [I don’t think it’s great to not give her an apology and blame time for that, but…]

Roswaal: [Hmmm, this keeps getting more and more painful to hear.]

Roswaal loosened his lips and picked up his quill again. Realising that was a sign for him to get back to work, Subaru once again took to organising the bookshelves with a shrug of his shoulders.

Luckily, it seemed like the blood from his cut finger had stopped.

Roswaal: [If your finger does actually hurt, you could get Rem or Beatrice to heal it up; otherwise, have the esteemed Great Spirit do it.]

Subaru: [Roz-chi, can’t you heal it? Are you being spartan ?]

Roswaal: [Nooooo, not at all. ――You see, I can’t use healing magic.]

Subaru: [Is that so? And here I was thinking you were a versatile mage who can do just about anything.]

Subaru lifted his brows slightly at Roswaal’s unexpected confession.

He could burn forests, herds of Witchbeasts included, to nothing with hellfire. He could soar up to the skies like the wind. So as soon as Subaru had heard Roswaal held great renown as a mage, Subaru had been so sure Roswaal’d mastered every single kind of basic magic.

Yet Roswaal had shook his head at what Subaru had said.

Roswaal: [My apologies for not living up to your expectations, but you see, magic heavily depends on the aptitude one possesses from birth. I’ve been lucky enough to have been blessed with many talents for magic, but even that’s not sufficient to completely handle every single bit of magic that there is in the world.]

Subaru: [So, healing magic aside, got any others you can’t use?]

Roswaal: [Nope, I can pretty much use all the others.]

Subaru: [Seriously just the one flaw!?]

Roswaal only had one weakness, coming in stark contrast to his heavy preface.

That said, the fact of the matter was: his flaw meant he couldn’t use healing magic. And it felt to him like this was a surprisingly large flaw, one that would be difficult to make up for.

Subaru: [I reckon being unable to heal your wounds or not is a pretty big deal, like when you’re in the middle of a fight or whatever.]

Roswaal: [Oh? So that’s what you think as well, Subaru-kun?]

Subaru: [Well, I graduated from the kinds of power play where you can just win by selecting the “Fight” command, and ignoring the effects of buffs and debuffs, in elementary school. I’m the type who likes to compete with talented people by making full use of my resourcefulness, even though I lack talent, just like in those kinds of mangas.]

Roswaal: [It seems like you’re saying stuff that’s tough to figure out, but in fact, I haven’t even viewed it like so.]

They’d only known each other for a few weeks, yet it looked like Roswaal had seen through to the truth behind his chatter, causing Subaru to stick his tongue out at him with a scratch of his head.

Roswaal batted one of his eyes shut and winked at him with his blue one.

Roswaal: [It’s actually as you say, Subaru-kun. You could say having healing magic or not will change the battlefield, in a way. That’s why it’s such a valuable ability.]

Subaru: [Yeah? But Puck, Beako and Rem can use it, right?]

Roswaal: [The first two are speeeecial. And as for Rem… She’s got the disposition for it too I guess. After all, I’ve focused myself on helping her hone that talent for healing of hers.]

According to what Roswaal had said after, apparently the usefulness of healing magic was regarded so importantly, even in magic, a master-apprentice system was in place in specialised hospitals.

Rem could have learnt it there, but she’d said Roswaal had guided her teachings directly since she didn’t want to be separated from Ram.

Roswaal: [And so, come a time you get injured, there’s the fear that you’ll end up forgetting to grit and bear it, if you entrench yourself too deeply with healing magic, I suppooooooose.]

Subaru: [Well…So you mean you’d lose your tolerance for pain? I guess that would happen.]

Just like people raised up in sterile rooms did not gain any resistance against viruses and such, pain could well become fatal in a time where one cannot rely on healing magic, in the case where you’d immediately get rid of your pains with its use.

With that in mind, Subaru glanced at his injured finger.

Subaru: [I get it. This cut ain’t worth fussing about, I’ll grin and bear this pain as a lesson for myself.]

Roswaal: [It’s just a teeeeensy cut on your finger; aren’t you making a meaaaaal of it? It won’t really matter if you heal a cut like this, so why not get Rem to do it?]

Subaru: [Sounds like a sweet trap to lure people into slothfulness! …No thanks, I’m perfectly fine as I am. Got no issues.]

Roswaal’s words felt like they had a touch of banter in them, yet Subaru thought he had a point.

Subaru already knew from the two incidents that had happened at the Royal Capital and the Mansion that his life in another world wasn’t going to be easy. It was best to just not experience anything like unbearable pain.

However…

Subaru: [I’ll be ready, for when the unavoidable comes.]

Roswaal: [It’s just a cut on your finger thouuuuuuugh.]

Roswaal gave Subaru a wry smile as the latter emphasised what he said by firmly raising his index finger up.

Nevertheless, Subaru’s enthusiasm proved to be in vain. As soon as he finished cleaning up the office, he met up with Rem and the others, and right after that, Rem noticed his cut and immediately healed it up.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Ughghghghgh…!]

???: [Come on, bite down on the brace or something. This is really gonna hurt.]

Todd straightened the fingers on Subaru’s left hand as he said that, before then applying a pungent medicine on his blotched fingers. After that, he nimbly put a splint around his fingers and wound some bandages around them. And with that, he finished patching him up.

Todd: [All’s that left is this potion to finish things up. It should ease your pain a bit.]

Todd passed a bottle over to Subaru, drenched in cold sweat, containing some medicine. It was filled with a thick, viscous, green liquid. However, there was nothing he could do about it if he was told it was medicine.

Subaru steeled himself and swigged it down.

Subaru: [Blargh! Gross! T-This heavy liquid is gonna get stuck in my throat…!]

Todd: [‘Tis a medicine that’s renown for being difficult to swallow after all. But I guarantee you, it will do the trick. It’s an asset that’s heavily used by the troops. It’ll speed up how quickly your wounds heal.]

Subaru gulped it down, holding the now empty bottle between his fingers as Todd flashed him a smile. Subaru lowered his head, saying “Sorry,” in response to Todd, as he wiped his mouth.

Subaru: [You let yourself share something so valuable to a weirdo like me.]

Todd: [No worries at all. In fact, if we were to leave you as you are, your fingers would rot away and fall off. Like, think of it as me having done a favour for a guy who’s been granted a Sword Wolf Dagger.]

Subaru lowered his brows at Todd’s good-natured, generous answer, before then chewing on his lip.

Todd, who appeared to be a soldier from the Vollachian Empire, was under the impression that Subaru was a noble, due to the knife he’d received in the forest. He’d been treated much better thanks to that, even if he was a prisoner of war.

However, it was precisely because of this that he felt sorry for deceiving him.

And in addition, a particular question had been weighing over Subaru’s mind.

Namely…

Subaru: [But, yeah. In times like these, if we had Healing Magic at hand, we could heal my wounds in a jiffy.]

Subaru muttered that out, pretending to put it casually as he checked how his left hand was doing. Hearing that, Todd raised his eyebrows.

Todd: [Oh? Yet again with saying these extravagant things. Like, as if I’ve been able to lay my eyes on anything like that.]

Subaru: [――. So it’s just as I thought.]

Todd: [Guess so. It sure would be useful if wounds and illness could be healed the same as creating a breeze or fire or whatever. Even your left hand would be healed up lickety-split.]

Subaru cast his gaze down as Todd spoke in a solemn tone of voice with a shrug of his shoulders.

Both unease and relief rose inside of him simultaneously for hitting the nail on the head with his prediction.

Subaru and Roswaal had talked about how rare Healing Magic was, back when his plots were yet to be exposed, when he’d deemed him as just being an upbeat, clownish noble.

Roswaal had told him magic depended on one’s talent, as well as that Healing Magic users were precious.

Adding on to that information, medicinal herbs and potion bottles were lined together in the tent that the encampment had set up for healing. A host of medicinal tools, rather than magic, had been prepared there.

Todd, who’d told him he’d get him patched up, had resorted to the use of medicinal herbs and splints, rather than relying on anything magical. Thus, there were no doubts anymore.

Subaru: [Healing Magic is rare.]

Todd: [At the very least, it’s something I’ve never seen. From what I’ve heard, the Imperial Capital keeps mages who can use it close, within its bounds. Whatever the case, ‘tis but a tale of a faraway world for the average person.]

Subaru: […]

Todd: [I’m more surprised you said something like “Healing Magic”. Not like it’s an option for me y’know?]

In the first place, you wouldn’t even be able to come up with things unfamiliar to you; they wouldn’t even pop up at the edge of your thoughts.

That was just how unfamiliar Healing Magic was in the Empire ― At least, for Todd and his gang.

Subaru had been expecting him to answer like that, so he shook his head and said,

Subaru: [Well, as you can see, I’m actually a traveller. I’m travelling all over the place, so I have come across people who use Healing Magic.]

Todd: [I see, a traveller huh. I did think you were dressed weirdly, since the garb y’all are in doesn’t at all suit the heat around here.]

Todd looked at Subaru from head to toe as he stated that. Subaru was still dressed in the clothes they’d devised to ward off the sand back when they had passed through the sand sea to capture the Pleiades Watchtower.

The Augria Dunes had been contrary to his impressions of a desert since they hadn’t been hot; however, he’d ended up practically covering almost all of his skin to stave off the sand winds. That’s why one would have to say they weren’t quite dressed for the seasons, here in Vollachia, where the temperatures and the humidity were high.

Todd: [So you’re saying you came across some kind of Healing Artist when you were travelling and you were tainted by its convenience.]

Subaru: [What a terrible way of putting it! Even if it is actually convenient.]

In fact, Subaru had been indebted to Healing Magic a few times ― Or rather, quite a few times.

It would have been practically impossible to come back alive from the first hurdle, had it not been for Beatrice’s Healing Magic when he was first summoned into this other world.

If Beatrice hadn’t been there for him back then, Subaru would still be living life with his belly sliced open and his guts drooping out.

Subaru: [Like I ever want to go through the experience of tripping over my own guts again.]

Todd: [Healing Magic, huh.]

Subaru: […? Todd-san?]

As Subaru reflected on his somewhat uncommon experience, standing in front of him, Todd let out a quiet sigh. Subaru frowned at the change in atmosphere, yet Todd closed one of his eyes and said,

Todd: [Well, I reckon Healing Magic is rather cruel, I’m glad it’s not around where I’m at.]

Subaru: [Cruel… Why? Shouldn’t it be the opposite?]

Subaru showed how baffled he was by Todd’s point of view. To which, Todd, with one of his eyes still closed, continued with,

Todd: [Like, after all, your wounds healing up means you won’t die. They won’t pull you back to recuperate either. They’ll heal you up and force you to fight again, on and on. That’s what it means to have your wounds healed.]

Subaru: […]

Todd: [I can’t help but be terrified by it. Just how much must the guy who came up with the idea of Healing Magic in the first place have loved to fight? It just feels like we’re being shown that plain and clear.]

Subaru was unable to come up with a response after hearing Todd’s calm words.

He found it to be quite a biased way of thinking. In actuality, Healing Magic played a role not only on the battlefield, but also to save people from accidents or disease as part of daily life.

On the other side though, there was some truth to Todd’s way of thinking as well.

They would patch up those wounded on the battlefield and push them to fight anew. ――Subaru couldn’t deny his own feelings; he feared that he could not deny such an aspect did exist, after all.

Todd: [My bad, I went off-topic. I didn’t mean to make you furrow your brows like that.]

Todd said that to bring the mood back to normal, seeing how Subaru had sunk into silence. Subaru nodded back at him, and said, “It’s alright”, in response to those values that he himself hadn’t considered.

Todd then shifted his attention to the outside of the tent, in an effort to change the subject.

Todd: [But, if that’s the case, shouldn’t the lil’ missy inside the cell also be one of your travelling companions? But even then, why are you being snapped at so much?]

Subaru: […An unforeseen accident, I guess. We used to be pretty much on the same wavelength, but now things have gotten completely one-sided, due to one reason or another. I’d be grateful if you looked at the long term here.]

Todd: [It’s fine by me, but it seems rather tough for you… But, in that case…]

Todd didn’t probe too deep into the complex circumstances surrounding Subaru and Rem, instead, he glanced away while brushing his chin.

Todd was looking at Subaru’s right arm, which the latter was deliberately ignoring. And clinging to Subaru’s right arm since quite a while ago…

???: [Ah?]

Was Louis, who said that blankly with a dopey look on her face.

She was still clinging to Subaru’s right arm, smiling away as if something was fun, while occasionally fiddling with his fingers, entwining her hair around them and doing whatever she pleased.

Todd: [You’re obviously not old enough for her to be y’all’s daughter, right? What is she to you?]

Subaru: [How many times do I have to say this, she’s just some stranger. Though I’m dead certain she isn’t a decent person.]

Todd: [You’re being harsh there… But the lil’ miss in her cell seems to care about this girl, no?]

Subaru: [That’s what’s so troublesome…]

Having had that pointed out by Todd once again, Subaru let out a sigh, feeling just how complicated the situation he was put in was.

Right now, Subaru’s feelings towards Rem were spinning around completely in vain. With her memories now gone, Rem’s cold attitude was mostly born out of Subaru’s disdain for Louis.

Nevertheless, Subaru could not accept Louis, even if he knew that was the cause.

It was a no-brainer. She was a Sin Archbishop, a person of pure evil. Someone he could by no means ever get on with.

Subaru: [How is this happening? What the hell are you scheming, what the hell do you want from me!?]

Louis: [Ooh? Aah, Awoh]

Louis merely gave him a frivolous smile, offering no answer to him in return.

Her behaviour was absolutely annoying. Of course, it’d spell trouble were she to act as unscrupulously as she had in the Hall of Memories, but it would probably keep things more clear for him, to view her as an enemy as much as he could.

It’d be a better situation compared to now, having her act like a baby or toddler, leaving only Subaru himself able to recognise her dangerous nature.

Todd: [Either way, she’s one of your travelling companions. No matter where it is you’re off to, y’all oughta work on improving your relationship a bit more.]

Subaru: [――. Who’s that advice for?] [1]

Todd: [Adv…? Well, it’s up to you how you take it.]

Todd stood up while cocking his head in confusion at the word he’d never heard before.

They were in the tent designated for healing right now, so the people there probably would rather they didn’t stay there too long chattering away. Subaru followed in Todd’s wake, Louis still clinging to his right hand.

Todd: [Anyways, now that you’re all patched up… Let’s get down to business, may I ask you to do something for me?]

Subaru: [Mhm, yeah. That way I’m not gonna be as guilty compared to being left with nothing to do. Let me know whatever you need. I’m ready for anything, so long as the task doesn’t involve eatin’ shoes.]

Todd: [Seems like Jamal really tried your patience… Okay, I getcha, I won’t let him behave like that. At least for now.]

What Todd had glanced over to as he thought about that was a group of black tents.

Subaru followed his gaze and looked over at those tents before asking him “What are these for?”

Todd: [They hold the stockpiles for our encampment. We’ve brought them here because we need them for one reason or another, but I suck at tidying ‘em up properly. So that’s where you come in, considering you pride yourself in keeping stuff neat and tidy.]

Subaru: […Did I ever even say that?]

Todd: [You didn’t? Still, I was hoping it was. And if it’s not, then you’ll still surely give it your all, out of gratitude for me helping you out.]

Subaru: […What a fantastic personality you have, Todd-san.]

Todd said something rather mean-spirited, all the while with a good-natured smile on his face. Subaru’s expression grew stiff at his words, before then eyeing up the group of black tents.

There were around twenty tents at a glance; if those were all filled with their stockpiles, and worse, if as Todd had said, they were in need of a tidy-up, then the going was going to get tough.

Subaru: [Doubt I’ll finish this in a day or two…]

Todd: [All’s good so long as you tidy ‘em up by the time the Dragon Carriage from the Supply Group turns up. Hahaha .]

Subaru: [Hahaha…]

That meant he had to hurry.

The difficulty level went up a bit once the injuries on his left hand were factored in, but there was nothing he could do about that.

Subaru: [This is so I can earn my bread for today, this is so I can go back to Emilia-tan along with Rem…]

Louis: [Uuuh!]

Louis raised her voice beside Subaru as the latter firmly clenched his fist, ready to go and challenge the hard work. She was still dangling down from his right arm, eliciting a loathsome grimace from Subaru.

The Sin Archbishop was burdening Subaru’s mind and body, with the look on her face seemingly like she had no idea what was going on. With her craftiness still there, she was a formidable foe who gave the awfully strong impression she’d become hard to handle.

Subaru: [The rate at which I get involved with people I have no recollection of, kinda like with Shaula, is way too high…]

Louis: [Aah, Uuuh.]

Whether she understood him or not, Subaru made his way over to the black tents while pulling Louis along, with her seemingly in a good mood.

Unlike with Shaula, where they’d finally comprehended each other at the end, he could not get through to Louis in the first place. He made his way over all the while thinking how it would be impossible to comprehend each other.

△▼△▼△▼△

Rem: [……So, you were tidying away the tent until dark.]

Sitting on the floor with her legs folded sideways, Rem greeted Subaru like that, who had returned after finishing a bout of strenuous work.

As Subaru lowered the corners of his eyebrows at her, Rem narrowed her eyes at his reaction,

Rem: [I’m not greeting you.]

Subaru: [Don’t read my mind…… But, they let you out of the prison, right?]

Rem: [――. The people here seemed like they didn’t bear any hostility towards me, at least.]

The reason she cast down her eyes was probably the meeting engagement that had occurred by the side of the river, which Subaru had heard of ― and the guilt that manifested from that unfavorable first meeting between Jamal’s squad and Rem.

Rem was generally unfriendly towards those she did not trust.

Her attitude towards Subaru had softened quite a bit after getting to know him, but her old characteristic was beginning to resurface as of now, since she lost her memories. He believed she was reflecting on it.

Subaru: [Though, well done for being able to self-reflect, Rem. That’s deserving of a hanamaru.] [2]

Rem: [……From whose perspective are you looking at me? Even if you compliment me, it means nothing to me. In the first place,]

Aiming a stinging retort at the smiling Subaru, Rem lifted her gaze up.

Although Subaru was lured into doing the same, all he saw was the cone-shaped, thin ceiling of the tent. He tilted his head, wondering what she was going on about. And then, Rem clicked her tongue in a soured mood,

Rem: [Why are you in the same tent as us? I don’t want to be asking for too much, but couldn’t they be more considerate……]

Subaru: [No, I think this is the incarnation of being considerate. I told Todd-san we’re companions going on the same journey, so if it’s…… owowowowowow!]

Rem: [Don’t just say things as you please!]

The moment he sat down next to her, Rem’s hand squeezed the area around his hip bone in an iron grip. She glared at him while he suffered from the creaking bones in his lower back.

However, a tiny silhouette barged in between them, stopping Rem’s actions with an “Ahh!”.

That was――,

Rem: [Again, you……]

???: [Uuu!]

Leaning heavily against Rem’s hand, which was gripping onto Subaru’s waist, Louis used her whole body to raise her objections.

Rem, who indulged with Louis for some reason, let out a sigh of resignation at her efforts, and reluctantly broke off her punishment towards Subaru. She pulled Louis closer to her knees instead.

Like that, she placed Louis’s head on her legs, which she couldn’t move around too much, and gently caressed her body.

Subaru: [Tch.]

Rem: [……Why are you clicking your tongue this time? I don’t understand how you could be so cold-hearted, when she is attached to you like this.]

Rem’s reaction towards Subaru’s unsavory attitude wasn’t very good.

All he could do was observe each and every one of Louis’s movements, who was lying down on Rem’s lap, so he could protect Rem whenever Louis decided to show her true colors.

――Ordered by Todd, Subaru had begun cleaning up the interior of the black tent.

Just as he had initially thought, sorting out the inside of the tent wasn’t something that could be finished in a short time. Of course, part of the reason was Subaru’s left hand’s condition being far from perfect, but it was also because the rules on how to organize things didn’t seem to apply to the Vollachians, far more than he had expected. Adding to that――,

Subaru: [This one keeps interfering with every little bit of my work. I exerted all that effort tidying up their stuff, but she topples it over and scatters it around, one after another. Thanks to her, I’m not making any progress at all.]

Rem: [She doesn’t know anything, so it can’t be helped.]

Subaru: [You don’t know anything as well. But, you wouldn’t do anything like what she did. That’s all, thus it has been demonstrated! QED!] [3]

Rem: [You’re saying things that don’t make any sense at all, again!]

Knowing that the cause of Rem’s unwelcoming treatment towards Subaru was lying within Louis, how could he not act towards Louis with the same attitude?

He knew this was a unfavorable spiral of treating each other badly, but he couldn’t bring himself to get along with Louis, even if it was just on the surface. ――He simply could not stand her with every fiber of his being, and it was something he was unable to conceal.

Subaru: [――――]

Feeling greatly disheartened, Subaru sprawled down on the floor on his back.

The tent with only three people, Subaru, Rem, and Louis ― it was only for a few days, but Todd had distributed it to them as a place to stay.

Since his allies didn’t come back after entering the forest, Todd had smiled at Subaru’s group in the midst of setting up camp, saying they could use the ownerless tent as they liked.

Subaru: [No, it’s not a thing to smile at, but…]

Despite that, he highly appreciated that Todd had given them a spare tent.

Setting aside Subaru himself, he was worried about leaving Rem in a womanless camp. Todd told them they would be treated as guests, but it was unknown how far his word had spread.

Not to mention, Rem had already incurred Jamal’s displeasure.

If possible, Subaru wished she would stay by his side, so he could keep her within his sight while he busied himself with chores――,

Rem: [Don’t just keep sulking, and eat.]

Subaru: [Eh?]

Subaru was absorbed in his thoughts, lying flat on his back. What blocked his view was the skewer that Rem held out above his face.

When he sat up spontaneously, Rem turned away from him, shoving the skewer closer to him.

Subaru: [This is…?]

Rem: [They say it’s a meal. It was being distributed among the people in the camp, so I also went and received some…… Because, even if it’s just little by little, I need to practice my movements.]

She murmured, rubbing her leg with her free hand.

Neither of them knew when the condition of her legs would be back to normal, restored from their incapacitated state, but Rem herself was probably feeling more troubled and anxious over them than Subaru.

Surrounded by people she didn’t know in their encampment, not in possession of her memories, and standing in an uncertain position in this mess. Even if she wanted to take action to know about something, her legs were not free to act.

Rem: [……Can you just take it? My hand is becoming tired.]

Subaru: [I-I got it, I got it. Uhh, did you eat already?]

Rem: [Huh? Why would I eat first when the girl hasn’t eaten yet? There’s no way I can do something as selfish at that.]

Snapping at him, Rem drew the container made out of bones that was placed aside at the edge of the tent closer to her, removing the cloth that covered it and lifting the skewer to Louis’s mouth.

Spoiled by Rem, Louis gladly accepted her act of kindness, gnawing at the meat bit by bit like a chick pecking at food that was given by its parents.

Rem: [Fufu.]

Rem watched over Louis with a tender smile as she continued to peck at her meal.

Unable to tear his eyes away from the sight, Subaru munched at the skewer he had been given. With it seemingly being simply pierced through and cooked, he had no idea what kind of meat was used for it.

Anyway, it was stiff and bland, something that couldn’t exactly be described as tasty.

Subaru: [It’s matched pretty evenly with Emilia-tan and Beako’s cooking……]

Rem: [What are you muttering on ab…… ah,]

Subaru: [――?]

As Rem glanced over at Subaru, who stated his miscellaneous thoughts about the meal out loud, her eyes suddenly widened. Subaru frowned at her reaction, wondering what was going on.

Her blue eyes were locked onto Subaru’s face. If so, he speculated that the reason for her astonishment belonged to his face, but…

Subaru: [What’s wrong? Wait, don’t say anything sad like, “It’s the first time I looked at your face properly.”]

Rem: [That’s… not it, but…… uhm, your tears……]

Subaru: [Tears?]

Rem: [……Tears… are rolling down your face. Haven’t you realized?]

Subaru’s breath caught in his throat at Rem’s words, who so hesitantly begun to speak. After that, he slowly and timidly touched his own cheek, surprised by the warm droplet that met the tip of his fingers.

It was not a ridiculous lie made up by Rem, it was the truth.

Subaru: [Huh? I’m… crying?]

Rem: [Ye… yes, you’re crying. What’s the matter? Did the injuries on your fingers……?]

Using a hand to wipe away the tears that spilled over his cheeks, Subaru was confused by the waves of emotion churning within him. However, the cause of his tears wasn’t the pain from his broken fingers.

The cause was something more different. Maybe it was because of the calm, quiet moment that he was spending together with Rem.

Subaru: [――――]

The situation was far from being settled.

He was separated from Emilia and the others, didn’t know how to get in touch with them, in a land that would drag him through a terrible experience if his background was ever discovered, and he was also in a wretched state, lacking any sort of relationship with the amnesiac Rem. On top of that, he had a Sin Archbishop who was the embodiment of the evils in this world as company, and they were led by Natsuki Subaru, the person who had the complete set of ignorance, incompetence, impotence, and incautiousness.

A single reason for him to be optimistic did not exist. Not a single reason existed, but――,

Subaru: [……We’re talking and eating together, like this. That… made me happy.]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [S-sorry, you don’t understand what I’m saying, right? I’m spouting nonsense again. It’s natural for you to think I’m being disgusting…… But, I’m being truthful.]

Giving up on pushing back his tears by shutting his eyes, they continued running down his face as he sniffed, gazing at Rem.

Subaru: [For such a long time, I’ve wanted to spend time with you like this again, peacefully.]

Placing the half-eaten skewer on his lap, Subaru practically squeezed the words out of his throat.

Wiping his flowing tears with a sleeve, the sound of him stifling his running nose echoed inside the silent tent.

For a while, all that was produced in the tent was the awkward noise, but――,

Rem: [……I don’t understand what you’re saying.]

Out of the blue, Rem spoke in a voice that sounded like a brief sigh.

Rubbing away his tears, Subaru held his breath. He also embraced the feeling of embarrassment, thinking Rem’s hardened, icy tone to be a just reaction.

A man she did not know, who had an unlikable scent drifting around him to boot, was bawling his eyes out in front of her. No one would look at him and not think of him as suspicious in that case.

He had damaged Rem’s trust yet again. This time, it was a fatal, irreparable…

Rem: [But, I don’t think I would laugh at you while you weep. I do find it…… eerie, but not to the point of it being disgusting.]

Subaru: [――Eh?]

Subaru widened his eyes, lifting his face at the unexpected words.

In front of him, Rem caressed Louis’s head on her lap, her eyes continuing to be turned away from him, her lips trembling as if she was carefully choosing her words.

Rem: [……That’s all. Finish your meal quickly. I’m tired… for today.]

Subaru: [――ah,]

Rem said quickly with her eyes closed, and Subaru’s reaction was belayed as he was momentarily confused about what she was referring to. However, when he realized she had been talking about the half-eaten skewer on his lap, he hurriedly chomped down on it.

Subaru: [Ri-right. Yeah, it’s tasty. Salty and tasty.]

Rem: [It’s salty because of your tears…… My meal doesn’t feel delicious because of your body odour. It’s unfair.]

Subaru: [That’s…… uhh, I will think of a remedial plan, yes.]

Rem’s manner of speaking was chilly, and sharp.

Yet, she hadn’t told him to go away, nor had she told him she didn’t want to eat together. Then all that was left was for Subaru to come up with a different plan.

Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to keep this leisurely time going.

Subaru: […But, if you’re going to talk about it being “unfair”, then I’ve got something I want to say too.]

Rem: [Something you want to say? What is it? If it’s about your finger…]

Subaru: [――About her. About that girl who’s sleeping all fine and dandy on your lap.]

Subaru jerked a finger at Louis and frowned as she enjoyed her lap pillow from Rem. Seeing that, Rem narrowed her eyes, as if she were saying “There you go again.”

However, Subaru was trying to convey a different point to what he had repeated up till now.

Subaru: [Rem, you keep mentioning my body odour… I don’t really like the way you’ve been putting it mind you, but she must smell like me too. Yet you’re ignoring that?]

The lingering scent of the Witch grew stronger each time he Returned by Death.

But, if that was something that came to having some affinity with the Witch ― in it being related to the Witch Factors ― then naturally the Sin Archbishop Louis should possess the same stench wafting off her.

Thinking back to Rem’s rage-filled reaction to those of the Witch Cult, that should have been a certainty…

Rem: […? What are you talking about? Don’t lump this girl together with you.]

Subaru: […Huh?]

Rem: [You know, she doesn’t smell anything like you. Please don’t act so desperate, spouting out such ridiculous things.]

However, the response Rem gave to Subaru’s previous words was rather unexpected.

He reflexively stared back at Rem, but he couldn’t see anything strange about her expression. She did not seem to be lying, nor did it seem like she was trying to deceive Subaru.

Meaning that she truly did not sense the lingering scent of the Witch, the miasma, from Louis.

Subaru: [It couldn’t be that she can mask her miasma, right? No way, but for what purpose?]

From all that he’d experienced until now, there’d only been a scarce few who could sense the miasma, otherwise known as the lingering scent of the Witch. Rem aside, who had reacted the most to it, a severely limited number of people had shown a reaction to it, such as Beatrice and Ryuzu.

And besides, he didn’t think that Witch Cultists even thought of concealing that sort of stuff.

Those people were Apostles of Treason who infringed on the world as if they owned the damn place. And yet… [4]

Rem: [Is that quite enough? If you’re done eating, I’d like to get ready for bed soon, since it looks like this girl wants to hit the hay too…]

Subaru: [Oh, Uhm… Well, are you for sure about what you said before?]

Rem: [How insolent.]

Rem flat out shut Subaru’s question down.

However, it looked like her attitude was proving all the more that what she was feeling was no lie.

Subaru: […You can’t sense any miasma from Louis?]

Subaru didn’t really know what significance that had.

Though, all he felt a horrible sensation, like something awfully eerie was going on, like something that would bode poorly for him.

Rem: [Sorry, but could you put your bowl away? I’ll prepare the beds.]

Subaru: [Oh, yeah, sure. Like, I’m not gonna get up to no good, so no need to worry.]

Rem: [――. That makes me all the more uneasy.]

With her saying that rather stiffly, Subaru dejectedly slinked out of the tent to put away the bowl housing the skewer he’d just finished eating.

Campfire lights were visible in the dead of the night, dotted around various places of the encampment. No one from Subaru’s group had been ordered to do so, but there would likely be some people keeping watch as the night went by.

Preparing for war was tough, albeit he only knew about this from manga and games.

Subaru: […I’d like to get away from here as soon as possible.]

Todd was a nice guy, but even so, it didn’t look like Subaru was ever going to get used to the atmosphere of the battlefield.

He needed to get out of here as soon as possible and find a way to meet back up with Emilia and the others.

That was what Subaru decided. And as he firmly clutched his bowl, he noticed something.

Subaru: […Huh, my fingers aren’t hurting. No way, did the medicine already do its trick?]

He’d clutched the bowl tightly with the fingers of his left hand without even realising. He looked down at them, surprised at how effective the medicine was.

They still felt uncomfortable. But the numbing heat he felt going through them served as proof that his left hand was starting to work properly.

Subaru: [He chatted so much crap about Healing Magic, but doesn’t medicine also more than do the trick…]

Subaru gave his left hand a small shake as he thought back on what Todd had said, before continuing on his way.

He had so many things that he needed to think about. Regarding Rem, Louis and himself.

Though there were so many, he would improve each one; one by one.

So, just like these fingers on his left hand, one by one, he would advance in the positive direction.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: […]

A lone silhouette watched Subaru as he left the tent and slowly walked off.

The man, who had an eyepatch covering one of his eyes, narrowed his remaining eye and let out a tch towards the back of the figure who was walking away all lackadaisical.

And then…

???: [He has the damn nerve to strut around like that. Such bullshit.]

Those words he muttered.

Translation Notes:

[1] – As indicated by the underline, Subaru said the word in Engrish.

[2] – はなまる (Hanamaru) = A simple drawing of a flower that gets awarded to students (mostly elementary schoolers) who did well on their tests. It also symbolizes “outstanding” and “success in exams”.

[3] – QED = An abbreviation of a Latin phrase, quod erat demonstrandum. It’s placed at the end of a proof or other papers relating to it to demonstrate that it’s done and over with, meaning “thus it has been demonstrated”.

[4] – The original says 大逆の使途たち which, at least to me, doesn’t make sense. It feels like this is a typo for 大逆の使徒たち, which means “Apostles of Treason”, since both are written as しと. Tappei probably selected the wrong word from his trusty IME.

--- Chapter 8: Name ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [Subaru, you sure are suuuch a busy bee, aren’t you?]

Subaru: [Huh, really?]

Subaru’s nostrils puffed out as he was praised by the silver bell-like voice.

He’d just finished wringing out a cloth that he’d pulled out from a bucket of water, enthusiastically wiping the floor with it, busy cleaning the room they used for guests, when Emilia, the one the voice belonged to, popped in.

She gave him a casual nod as she ran her fingers through her long silver hair,

Emilia: [Yeah. It’s like, you’ve only just recovered, and you’ve already started working. Even though it’s just after all that ruckus with those Witchbeasts. It really caught me off guard.]

Subaru: [ Hehe , it’s nothing really… Wait, what!? Could it be that you’re lecturing me, telling me that those who are recovering mustn’t over do it!?]

Emilia: [Huh, that wasn’t my intention… But now that you mention it, I guess so. We can’t be having this, Subaru. You need to rest some more.]

Subaru: [Ghaa, I shot myself in the foot.]

Subaru rued how he’d read too much into it, thinking it would have been better if he’d just taken her compliment in stride.

However, a third voice came chiming in from Emilia’s shoulder, before Subaru could reflect on it. And there, a grey kitten squirmed out from amidst Emilia’s silver hair.

Puck: [Fufufu, took you long enough, Subaru. Here was I, thinking that if I allowed Lia to give you some honest praise, you’d try and read between the lines, and fall in way too deep. Just as I had intended.]

Subaru: [Puck, you little… What’s with these devious tricks! The heck do you want!?]

Puck: [Heh, it’s obvious, isn’t it? I’m a fickle cat spirit, that’s the reason. My nature is a mischievous one, leading the hearts of people astray with the help of my cuteness and furriness… Meowmeowmeow ]

Emilia: [Jeez, come on Puck, you’re saying strange stuff again. Quit putting Subaru on the spot.]

The little cat spirit had quite the dastardly look on his face, yet defeated he was when Emilia pinched him by the ear halfway through confessing his wicked deeds. She apologised to Subaru, Puck still dangling from her hand by the ear.

Emilia: [I’m sorry, I’d just taken a break from studying, and was taking a stroll around the mansion, when Puck said he’d found you, so I…]

Subaru: [Oh, no, it’s completely fine. As far as I’m concerned, I want to spend as many seconds of the day as possible with you, Emilia-tan. I’ve gotta be thanking Puck here, for having devised that.]

Emilia: [Is that so? I don’t really get you, but I’m glad you’re not angry, what a relief.]

Subaru: [So she didn’t get me! Even though I told it to her straight, to the point it was embarrassing!?]

Abandoning the smile on her face, Emilia furrowed her shapely brows as she listened to Subaru complaining, before then tilting her head in confusion.

Though what he had expressed had been out of relative fondness, sadly, it didn’t look like it had gotten through properly to Emilia. So, he had no choice but to get even more direct, if he wanted to go further.

Subaru: [Wanting to choose the situation, the mood, and the right day to tell her, it’s all part of a young man’s disposition…]

Puck: [I’d recommend nighttime, otherwise if I’m up, I’d definitely get in the way.]

Subaru: [You sure are showing your upstanding paternal side more and more, ain’tcha.]

It was pretty common for the fathers in this generation to forbid their daughters from having relationships, however, he could clearly tell Puck was the same just by looking at him,  fluffball from a different world or not.

As he looked at Puck reproachfully, the cat spirit puffed his chest out, still on Emilia’s shoulder.

Puck: [Of course, considering how cute Lia is, the sheer amount of flies hovering approaching her gets way over the top. There’d be no end to them if I don’t work hard to brush them away, no?]

Subaru: [Oh no, I just thought it’d be handy to pick out one of those flies here ahead of time.]

Puck: [I’ll pass on any flies with such ugly-looking eyes. Besides, it’d be weird for me to let any flies get close to Lia. I’ll search for a proper suitor for Lia, even if it takes me nigh a thousand years.]

Subaru: [That scale’s on the mythical level!]

Though it took the concept of being a doting father way too far, the problem remained that, considering they were a duo of half-elf and spirit, there was a chance they’d seriously end up waiting nigh a thousand years.

Unfortunately, Subaru was a human, so he couldn’t hold a candle to that order of magnitude.

Subaru: [I guess I could at most reach 120 if I really tried hard…]

Emilia: […? What do you mean?]

Subaru: [Oh, I was talking about my lifespan.]

Emilia: [Your lifespan… Quit it Subaru, that’s weird. You’re still a boy, it’s way too early to worry about these things.]

Subaru: [Well, depends how you look at it…]

Emilia placed a hand over her mouth, stifling a giggle, and then laughed as if she’d heard a joke of the highest quality.

He responded back to her smile with a strained one, however, the man in him was happy to see the girl who was always on his mind smiling. Things were complicated, but first things first, he needed her to recognise this.

Subaru: [At least I won’t need to step into the ring, so long as they keep treating me like a kid.]

Puck: [Pretty good attitude to have, huh, Subaru. Right, the first thing you gotta do is stand on your own two feet as an adult. If you can’t do that, I won’t let you set foot into my house.]

Emilia: [Isn’t this Roswaal’s mansion? What’s this about not letting him set foot there?]

Emilia posed her questions to Puck, who’d listened to Subaru’s quiet determination with his short arms folded.

With that all said and done, Subaru was not discouraged, even after hearing what Puck’d said. If what needed to be done had been decided, then all that was left for him was to make a beeline straight towards his goal.

Subaru: [Heh, look at me, Puck. You see, I’m the sort who has no qualms doing the same thing over and over again day in and day out. Like levelling up for a game!]

Puck: [Puahaha, foolish human. In that case, prove to me that you’re not just a rookie who’s all talk. I shall be waiting with the Princess in the innermost part of the castle. Let us go, Princess!]

Emilia: [Do you mean me? Hmph, but I’m aiming to be a King, not a Princess.]

As Subaru and Puck got worked up without caring about anyone around them, Emilia flashed Subaru a smile as the latter was busy wringing his cloth dry. All this, while dealing with the pair’s contrasting attitudes.

Emilia: [Even so, do your best at your work. If you give it your all, then surely someone will be there to see it.]

Subaru: [But I’d like it to be Emilia-tan, rather than some randomer…]

Emilia: [Yeah, yeah, I get that. I can’t watch over you all the time, but I’ll drop in every so often. Besides…]

Emilia lowered her brows slightly, and paused mid-sentence. Then, she turned towards Subaru, as he waited for her to continue, a charming smile appearing on her face,

Emilia: [You’re the one who sees your hard work the most, no? That’s why you’ve gotta give it your all, so that you don’t let yourself down.]

And so, while hitting the nail right on the head of what it meant to put effort in, she made Subaru fall in love with her anew.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Man, I just remembered that time I fell in love with Emilia again… Still, it’s getting tough.]

Subaru looked around the messy tent with a scratch of his head.

He’d found himself taken to an encampment of soldiers from the Vollachian Empire; there, he’d been put to work doing odd jobs, while waiting for the supply convoy headed to the village to come.

Subaru was devoting himself to his “ He who does not work, shall not eat ” mantra for Rem’s sake, who couldn’t move, as well as the freeloading Louis. Thus, he held no shred of hesitation in helping Todd and the other Imperials, since they’d provided him food and shelter, and had treated their injuries as well.

However…

Subaru: [Gotta gear myself up, no matter what’s going on.]

Subaru muttered those words as he packed the content of their stockpiles, now scattered all over the ground, back into their sacks.

Of course, regardless of how disorderly and violent these Imperials were, there was no way they were storing the items that would be supporting their front-lines in such a “whatever works”, unorganised manner.

After all, Subaru had tidied the stockpiles within this tent the day before with great effort. The reason why it was in such a mess was but one.

Subaru: [I’m being harassed by a certain mean-spirited someone…]

Louis: [Ahh.]

Subaru: [Oh, I guess there’s also the chance you snuck out and caused this mess during the night. Are you feeling like revealing your vile, true nature, Sin Archbishop?]

Louis: [Uuh?]

He glared at Louis as he tidied up the stuff scattered about, her peering at his hand meanwhile.

However, Louis merely offered a vague reply to Subaru’s question, biting on her own finger. It looked like she still had no intention of revealing her true nature.

It sure would come in handy for him if she just kept it hidden away forever.

Subaru: […I have no idea what to think about what Rem told me yesterday.]

This morning as well, Louis had tottered along with Subaru from the moment he woke up.

The grim look he’d gotten from Rem, at the time they split up for her legs’ rehab, flashed through his mind. However it was unreasonable, considering Subaru was the one who found being followed like this bothersome.

In any case, another reason had been added as to why Subaru could barely handle her, compared to the previous day. And that was because of the information Rem had told him ― the testimony that she couldn’t sense the lingering scent of the Witch coming from Louis.

Subaru: […]

Although Subaru hadn’t given it much thought thus far, it was pretty unlikely that the lingering scent of the Witch was something only he had.

In fact, he felt like Rem had used those words before when facing Witch Cultists. She must have reacted like that against Petelgeuse, along with the Witch Cultists that man led.

In that respect, the fact that Subaru’s miasma grew stronger each time he Returned by Death seemed like something strange even from Rem’s point of view, back when she had been on good terms with him.

Subaru: [The power of my miasma has come in handy from time to time… Like against the Ulgarm and the White Whale. But, in the end, it’s basically just something that brings me way too many misfortunes.]

Even if there had been times where his miasma had come in handy, currently, it served merely as a reason to attract Rem’s ire. Thus, his impression towards it was at its absolute lowest.

And, no matter how much he tried to think about it…

Subaru: [There’s no damn way that the people in the Witch Cult… And the Sin Archbishops don’t have something to do with the miasma.]

That was the conclusion Subaru had reached.

Given that he did not know anything about the causes of the miasma, or anything about its finer details, he could only describe it as a theory  on the table. Even so, it was something he found difficult to speak about.

The link between the Sin Archbishops and the Witch was plain and clear. The Witch Cultists were quintessentially the manifestation of evil.

Nevertheless…

Subaru: [As paradoxical as it may seem, can we really think that those who don’t emit miasma aren’t related to the Witch Cult? Like, when we’ve got this girl right in front of me, are we for real?]

Louis: [Awooh?]

Standing by Subaru’s side, as he brooded about the issue, Louis merely groaned with a blank look on her face.

Letting out a sigh, Subaru lifted himself up and began to tidy up the tent.

The tools he’d placed in an upright position had been knocked over, and the parcels he’d arranged in a row had been opened, the stuff inside scattered everywhere.

It was exactly like something a child would do.

Subaru: [Well, I guess this harassment must be something that’s not out of the ordinary…]

The reason why the tents he’d tidied up were in a state of disarray was not because of Louis sneaking off. It was more likely that someone else in the encampment was the one harrying him and interfering.

Obviously, since he was in an Imperial encampment, he’d come into contact with people other than Todd. And in most cases, he could hardly call the attitudes they had towards him amicable.

In that respect, it went as Todd had said; he was the odd one out.

Subaru: [That said, it’s still way better than getting socked all of a sudden, or being forced to eat a shoe.]

He couldn’t really deny that his standards in regards to happiness and normalcy had taken a hit, were he to say it out loud. But, the fact remained that it was safe to say that things were easier on account of not being treated to that painful of a welcome.

Though Subaru hated to admit it, he was well used to being shunned, or being disliked.

Like, it wasn’t as if he’d flubbed the battle of his debut during High School so gaudily, and gotten cut off from everyone for nearly two years and all. He’d never been bullied per se, but he was a pro at dealing with the mood around him being acrid.

Thinking about it, his classmates back in High School must have been pretty good people.

Even if they’d treat Subaru like he wasn’t there, it didn’t seem to him like they had harassed him, nor had they found pleasure in making him suffer.

Subaru: [I hope life’s worked out well for all you kind-hearted people out there on the other side. It would be nice if people like Inahata-kun, who went out of his way to give me those flyers, made it big.]

Subaru finished tidying up the tent quicker than he had the previous day, and to the same degree of quality, while recalling the vague memories of this classmate, his face a blur.

That said, it was like the hole had been filled, and he had to re-dig it again. So, the net of the work he had done today had swung into the negative.

Subaru wanted to use those words Emilia had told him before, that someone would see his hard work, or at least, he himself would. He wanted to use them as a prop as well. However.

Subaru: [Not like I can gear myself up if you’re the only one watching me right now. My mood would be a lot different if Rem was the one watching, but…]

Louis: [Ooh, uwaa]

Louis today wasn’t getting in the way of Subaru’s work for now, as if she’d learned from him being angry. While thankful for that, Subaru headed outside, off to the next tent…

Subaru: […Whoa!?]

He caught his foot on something just as left the tent, and fell over in a heap.

He reflexively pushed his hands against the ground, however, his right hand aside, his left still ached a bit. Even though it was healing up, the after-effects that Rem had left behind had yet to heal completely.

Hence, while groaning in pain, Subaru looked behind him,

???: [Heya, you pussy. What’re you doin’ grovelling down on the ground?]

Subaru: [You’re…]

Subaru widened his eyes in surprise. Standing before him, right by the entrance of the tent, was a vulgar-looking man.

He wore an eyepatch over his right eye, had a stubbled face, and his appearance was the epitome of roughness. And to boot, he was the guy who’d made Subaru eat his shoe, in this camp.

If he recalled correctly, Todd had said his name was…

Subaru: [He said it was Jamal, ri… Ghaaa!? ]

Jamal: [That’s Jamal-san to you. You, along with those women who keep you company, y’all got no manners, huh. HEY.]

The instant he’d deemed that Subaru hadn’t been addressing him using “san”, the man, Jamal, immediately sprung into action.

Jamal stepped on the fingers of Subaru’s left hand, which were still wrapped up in bandages and fitted with their brace, and pushed his heel down as he lay on the floor.

The pain in his fingers returned to him once again as they were grated back and forth. Yet, Subaru endured it, stifling a scream that had been building inside his throat.

Louis: [Awuuu!]

Jamal: [Huh?]

As she let out a yell, Louis clung to Jamal’s leg as he stomped on Subaru’s hand. She didn’t weigh much, and with how built Jamal was, he did not budge an inch.

And just like that, he grabbed Louis by her long hair and tore her off him by force.

Subaru: [Hey, she’s just a child!]

Seeing what was happening, Subaru flew into a rage and blurted that out without thinking.

Jamal frowned unpleasantly upon hearing his complaint. He firmly pulled Louis up by her hair, causing her to let out a scream.

Jamal: [Who gives a fuck if she’s just a kid? From what I’ve heard more or less, haven’t you been treating this kid awfully coldly? What’s with changing your mind all of a sudden?]

Subaru: [It’s not like tha… You’re going to be the one who’ll end up regretting it, if you provoke her too much.]

Jamal: [How the fuck do you have the gall to say that. Make up some better excuse.]

Jamal snorted, swung his arm and threw Louis down to the ground. The fallen Louis tugged at her hair which had previously been seized, clutched her head and glared at Jamal with tears in her eyes, letting out an “Uuuh”.

In all honesty, there was always the chance that Jamal’s act of violence could serve as the trigger that would turn Louis back to how she was previously. It wasn’t like the desperate words that Subaru had blurted out were completely ad hoc.

Luckily enough, it didn’t look like Louis’ pain and anger would serve to re-awaken her original personality. It was hard to judge for whom it was a blessing though.

Jamal: [What an ill-mannered brat. No, it ain’t just the damn brat. I don’t like you, nor the other girl, not a single one of you!]

Subaru: [ Gwhooa! ]

As he was talking, Jamal grew angry and kicked the side of Subaru’s face. The unexpected blow caused Subaru’s mouth to open, the violent force cracking a tooth. Blood began to drip from his mouth. The moment the smell and taste of iron spread across his tongue, Subaru looked up at Jamal.

Subaru: [Ngghh… I guess we can say Todd-san is verifying my identity, or rather you’ve gotten permission to spend time here…]

Jamal: [Hmph, “Todd-san”, huh. He’s quite fond of you, ain’t he? That your last ray of hope?]

Subaru: […]

Jamal: [Sorry, but I outrank that guy. I listened to his request as a favor, but there’s no reason I gotta comply.]

Speaking in a rough voice, Jamal once again stepped on Subaru. Subaru curled up at once to protect his head, but this time a kick was thrust into his abdomen. The tip of Jamal’s boot caused Subaru’s stomach to churn and he groaned from the impact, but the relentless kicking went on.

Jamal: [First, that bitch of yours hurt two of my men. Those who can’t be useful anymore have to be sent back. Such bad luck. And instead of getting something to make up for it… that bastard Todd found something extra.]

Subaru: [… tch .]

Jamal: [If you hadn’t been carrying that knife, I would’ve torn you apart limb from limb on the spot. It’s tough to be a soldier, ain’t it?]

His persistent kicking and remarks struck a nerve. Even without looking up to meet Jamal’s one-eyed glare, his opponent’s aim was clear.

Jamal’s aim was not to hurt Subaru. It was beyond that.

Mostly, his goal was to rile Subaru up and provoke him into counterattacking, and he was likely being rude for that purpose too.

Jamal said he didn’t have to listen to Todd’s words, but the fact he couldn’t completely disregard them could be inferred from their interaction the first time Jamal dealt him a blow with his foot. That’s why Jamal wanted a reason. A reason to kill Subaru.

Not only that, but also a reason to carry out retaliation against Rem. Because of that, Subaru wouldn’t let himself be provoked. As long as Jamal didn’t turn his petty spite towards Rem, whether Subaru’s left-hand fingers were broken again or his remaining fingers were broken, it would be Subaru’s victory. For that reason, he would endure endure endure, endure ――,

???: […Oi, what’re you doing over there?]

Jamal: [ Tch. ]

And like that, in the midst of Subaru continuing to endure, a particular voice came flying out to Jamal. At that moment, Jamal clicked his tongue and drew back his foot, and slowly backed off. Thereupon, with noisy footsteps came along an orange haired youth.

Todd: [Even though no one has any business here, when I heard something coming from over here I expected it had to be you.]

Jamal: [If it isn’t Todd. Aren’t you awfully overprotective. Have you really taken such a liking to that imperial dagger? So you’ll fawn over this coward until he sells it, huh.]

Todd: […Jamal.]

Squinting his eye, Jamal scowled at Todd. Between the two of them a dangerous air flowed, but that tension was cut by Jamal saying “I’ll stop.”

The one who single-handedly cleared the air was Jamal, who until just then had been kicking Subaru and looking down on him,

Jamal: [If you’ve learned your lesson, be careful not to get underfoot outside the range of my eye. If you fall over again like you did just now, who knows what will happen? Hahahahaha!]

Like that, without any concern for the show of extraordinary violence toward Subaru, he passed by Todd’s side and left. Subaru also had no words to stop him. If he were to bring attention to his injuries here, it would only provoke Jamal the same way.

As soon as Jamal’s back vanished from sight, Subaru lifted his body off the ground.

Subaru: [Ahh, shit… ow… That bastard, such a girly-lookin’ guy has no right to be so persistent. What he did was downright malicious…]

He made a show of being full of resentment towards Rem, but basically, he just had a nasty personality. In the first place, he said Rem attacked him at the start, but wouldn’t that be because he provoked Rem who was already in a high-stress situation?

Certainly, there was the possibility that because she had no memories Rem had jumped to the wrong conclusion when a hand reached out to her.

Subaru: [Well, Rem doesn’t know anything, so it can’t be helped.]

While passing kind judgment on Rem, Subaru spit out some of the blood mixed with saliva in his mouth, and slowly stood up on the spot.

Todd: [You alright? Getting mixed up with Jamal was bad luck, wasn’t it.]

To Subaru, who was in shaky condition, Todd frowned when greeting him. Had he not arrived, Jamal’s assault would still be ongoing.

Subaru was grateful for that interruption. But, leaving that aside――

Subaru: [I’m fine. More importantly, Rem…]

Todd: [If you’re talking about that young girl, she’s helping out with the cooking. It’s a task you can do sitting down. Jamal also won’t do anything in public view… surely.]

Todd’s words lacked conclusive proof, so Subaru couldn’t be reassured. Wiping blood from his mouth, Subaru looked at his own left hand. The brace had slipped off and the bandages had come undone. His fingers, which should have been left to heal for a while, began to turn an unpleasant color again.

Todd: [Ahh… If that’s how it is, guess I have to take care of you again. Seriously, that Jamal.]

Subaru: […That guy, what kind of man is he?]

Todd: [Jamal? He became a soldier at the same time as me, and he’s the most successful. He’s from a lower noble family, so promotion to General Third-Class isn’t just a dream as well… Ah, do you know what General Third-Class means?]

Subaru: [Nope, sure don’t. Is it a rank?]

When Subaru shook his head, Todd nodded and said “I see”, and put up his fingers.

According to his explanation, in the Imperial Army of Vollachia being called General was apparently part of their ranking system. Private, Private First-Class, General Third-Class, General Second-Class and above that――

Todd: [When it comes to Generals of the First-Class, there are only nine people in the Empire who are extraordinary. The military personnel who serve the Emperor directly are called the Nine Divine Generals. Well, if you make it that far, it’s no longer a matter of lineage or achievement.]

Subaru: [Is it talent?]

Todd: [Yeah, that’s how it is. That’s why General Third-Class is the highest ordinary people like us can aim for.]

Listening to the story of the not miserable Todd, Subaru thought back on the behavior of Jamal from before.

General seemed to be a position that served the same function as an officer in the military, but Jamal hardly seemed to have that capacity. He was self-centered and his empathy was low by nature. It was easy to understand that he’d be the incompetent type of superior officer.

Subaru: [ On the battlefield, they say quite a few soldiers die because they were hit from behind by a stray arrow. Tell that guy from your own mouth would you? ]

Todd: [That’s an exaggeration. Anyway, shall we get your medical treatment?]

Subaru: [Can I ask a favor? …Before that, I’d like to see Rem’s face.]

Todd: [My my, aren’t you deeply in love… That poor young girl.]

Despite the pain in his fingers, confirming Rem’s safety was top priority. Todd shrugged his shoulders at Subaru’s attitude and drew his attention towards Louis, who was curled up in a ball in front of the tent.

She wrapped the hair Jamal had pulled around her fingers and growled low like a beast.

Todd: [Your deceptive face doesn’t suit your nature. I like strong children with fighting spirit.]

Louis: [Aahー! Ooh, aahー!]

Turning towards Todd’s laughter, Louis howled as if in response.

“If you like her, you can take her” was on the tip of his tongue, but he didn’t want that to reach Rem’s ears and have her getting angry again, so Subaru kept his mouth shut.

△▼△▼△▼△

Rem: [――That stench, have you gotten injured again?]

Subaru: [Oh… you knew?]

Rem: [I know. Since the child is watching, please keep in mind the behavior we spoke about.]

Saying that, as they gathered around the same table for lunchtime, Rem warned him.

Although there was a part of that matter he couldn’t agree to, there was no merit in going against her so he nodded his assent. At Subaru’s side, Louis mimicked him and nodded.

Subaru had been on the receiving end of Jamal’s vicious bullying and Todd’s kind offer of help after. Once Rem’s safety had been confirmed, Subaru accepted treatment at the medical tent.

――The person in charge of the medical tent had been shocked to see Subaru come again, but after that was taken care of, he finished up cleaning another tent, and they came together for lunch.

Since lunch at the encampment was rationed, a suitable amount was gathered from what had been made by the people at the distribution station, and the clean up system assigned sequentially.

With Rem helping to prepare and serve the meal, and since they were considered outsiders, Subaru’s group held back until the end and mostly ate what looked like leftovers.

Subaru: [Well, this can’t be called living in luxury. Eating as much as you can would be most satisfactory.]

Said Subaru, as he brought his and Rem’s portions and placed them on the small table. Louis too, cheekily set down her own portion in the same way as Subaru.

Like that, each of the three reluctantly sat down at the table to eat a somewhat late lunch.

Subaru: [How were you up till now? You didn’t run into any kind of trouble?]

Rem: [There was nothing in particular. I had to take care with my legs, so… The only thing I helped with was a bit of cooking. Besides, I’m helping while being taught.]

Subaru: [While being taught…  Did your body remember how to do that sort of thing?]

Rem: […]

In response to Subaru’s urgent question, Rem’s pale blue eyes narrowed and her lips pursed.

Subaru panicked as to whether he had put too much force into that reaction, but Rem immediately let out a sigh and said,

Rem: […If I said I didn’t hope for that, I’d be lying.]

Subaru: [Rem…]

Rem: [I thought if I tried doing this and that, maybe there would be things my hands are familiar with. But, that would be too convenient right?]

Quietly looking down at her own hands, Rem murmured as if ashamed of her own foolishness.

But who would deride Rem’s hopes as foolish? In a situation of being unable to remember the parts that make up oneself, Rem’s attitude of clinging onto a solution, who could tell her that?

Rem: […Why are you making such a bitter face?]

Subaru: [Why you ask, that’s…]

Rem: [――. You knew me before. I understand that. There’s no reason to doubt it.]

Fixing her gaze on Subaru who had cast down his eyes, Rem surprised him by saying that.

Until now, Rem had only expressed negative opinions of Subaru, but for the first time she made something of a concession.

Understanding that, hope sprouted in Subaru’s chest.

However――,

Rem: [But no matter how many times you call me Rem, I cannot accept that it is my name. I wonder what that even means.]

Louis: [Aaah…]

Rem: [If, by some chance, this child spoke to me, maybe it would be different but,]

While saying that, Rem looked happy as she stroked Louis’ hair. Being gently patted, Louis was absorbed in finishing up her own portion which lay under her nose.

Despite her carefree attitude, and unfortunately, even if she had a speck of self-consciousness, she would not be able to talk about Rem with her own mouth. Even supposing she was able to speak, Subaru would not let her. No matter what, Subaru’s unending hostility would make it so.

Todd: [What the heck, you’re scowling. You shouldn’t be so gloomy at the dinner table.]

Taking a seat at the dinner table of these three people, Todd cut in with a friendly tone.

An uneasy silence fell as a result of his intrusion. Relieved by the sudden change in atmosphere, Subaru looked at the man seated next to him, letting out a “Todd-san, huh”. After the aforementioned incident with Jamal, Subaru felt he was a nice guy for having saved him.

Subaru: [Thanks for looking out for me earlier, but shouldn’t you eat with your friends?]

Todd: [Hmm? Well, after socializing with the same guys for such a long time, not eating together for a day or two won’t change our relationship much. I’d rather gain influence with you lot.]

Subaru: [Even if you did, we don’t have much to offer.]

Todd: [That’s the idea of yield, or repaying a debt after achieving success. Think of it as in up-front investment.]

Though Todd spoke lightly, he changed the atmosphere whether he had been meaning to or not. And then, Todd said “At any rate”, and suddenly put his arm around Subaru’s shoulder.

As Subaru immediately drew back in surprise, he leaned in close to Subaru’s ear,

Todd: [Compared to yesterday, it looks like you can talk properly. Were you able to make up?]

Subaru: [Make up… I wonder. I want to think my sincerity was able to reach her a little but…]

Rem: [――. I can hear you. If you think you can speak freely without reserve you are mistaken.]

Louis: [Oooh!]

With a sharp look, Rem expressed her displeasure with the two men’s conversation. It looked like Louis was cooperating with her as she feigned innocence, perhaps because she intended to make Rem her ally. The synergistic effect of Rem’s cold answer and her acceptance of Louis made Subaru’s chest heavier.

It seemed that it was transmitted to Todd with his arm wrapped around Subaru, “Hey now,” he said, bringing his arm around to tap Subaru’s shoulder..

Todd: [This is depressing. At least you two are at a place and distance where you can speak. That alone would be much better than me.]

Subaru: [Ah, come to think of it, you did mention you’re separated from your fiancée.]

Todd: [Right, my fiancée is living in the Imperial Capital. It’s true that I have to complete this mission, but the time we’ve been separated is too long to begin with. Why oh why, do I have to be so lonely and suffer? Y’know?]

Subaru: [Is that loneliness the reason you’re keeping us company?]

Todd: [That’s right. So, let me do that as much as possible. It’s worth the trouble.]

It might be because he didn’t let things get out of hand here, but on the inside Subaru was grateful for Todd’s concern. It would be tactless to thank him directly though. He also benefited from the state of affairs. In that manner, the four of them went ahead with their meal but――,

Subaru: [Actually, we were told our group could catch a ride in the vehicle of the supply team, but how long is Todd’s group likely to stay on this mission?]

Todd: [Didn’t I say? Until we find the people of Shudraq hidden in the forest… If we don’t find them, we could be stuck here for years. It’s not easy to serve the palace.]

Subaru: [The people of Shudraq…]

Picking up his wooden spoon with a bitter face, Todd answered Subaru’s pondering.

People of Shudraq―― At first, when Todd told him at the encampment, Subaru guessed it was what the masked man he met in the woods was called. Thanks to him giving Subaru the knife, he owed him a debt of gratitude. So he didn’t tell Todd about his existence, but now that seemed ungrateful.

In terms of gratitude, Todd had helped just as much as the masked man.

Then, what was the reason honoring his debt to the masked man over Todd?

Subaru: [If Todd’s group finds those people of Shudraq, what will you do? You set up an encampment like this, so do you intend to… fight them?]

[――――]

As best he could, Subaru tried to pose his query in an unconcerned manner. However, a sense of urgency he couldn’t hide remained in his voice.

In fact, though she didn’t go into the topic, Rem’s face expressed her reaction to what he said. Even if she wasn’t paying attention, there’s a reaction to avoiding the word ‘fight’.

And when asked, Todd closed his eyes to Subaru’s words,

Todd: [Nah, it seems the Generals don’t want to fight if at all possible. I don’t know the details, but it seems the people of Shudraq are a very powerful tribe. It’s certain that we would have a very tough battle if we fought, so the objective this time is negotiations.]

Subaru: [Negotiations? What would you negotiate about with a forest tribe?]

Todd: [Don’t ask an underling like me so many questions okay!? …I’m not fully in-the-know, but the Imperial Capital or even His Excellency the Emperor himself wants them as a vassal tribe of sorts, probably.]

Subaru: [Do the people of Shudraq not obey the Emperor of Vollachia?]

Todd: [There are those who don’t. That’s just the Vollachian way.]

Laughing like a stereotypical soldier, Subaru could only raise his eyebrows in surprise at Todd’s reply. He quietly muttered to himself “Long Live Vollachia” and decided to leave the conversation at that. If he were to believe Todd’s words, the Imperial Army wanted to avoid conflict with the people of Shudraq as well. If that were the case, Subaru could avoid unnecessary bloodshed and conflict between the two groups if he were to offer information.

Even so, Subaru did not have information of much value and if he were to explain why he had hidden this information in the first place, he would have to explain why he had lied about his background.

Subaru: [ Ugh , what a dilemma. Can’t get everything I want can I…]

Rem: […You know, your brows are always furrowed whenever I look at you. I cannot say that you have a very friendly looking face, so shouldn’t you at least try smiling to counteract that?]

Subaru: [That’s some harsh advice!…… So if I were to speak with you with a cheery face, would you talk to me in a more kind and cheery manner too?]

Rem: [ haaah? ]

Rem’s genuinely baffled response hurt Subaru to his core. Seeing Subaru attempt to mask his dismay with a trembling smile, Todd laughed.

Todd: [Well, the journey won’t start if you don’t take the first step. I’ll watch your oh-so-noble efforts, so don’t worry about it.]

Subaru: [Thanks Todd……. So what’s the real reason you can’t meet your fiancée?]

Todd: [Hahaha, that’s right, suffer suffer.]

Subaru: [Damn it all!]

Was he getting consoled or teased?

Either way, it didn’t change the fact that it was this attitude of Todd’s that saved Subaru. There was no doubt that this crisis would be worse if not for him. That was why the least Subaru could do was to wish them a speedy completion of their mission.

Subaru: [How long is it actually going to take to clear the forest?]

Todd: [Once the other camps are set up, the plan’s to go all in. The jungle’s big and dense though, so the ground we can cover in a day isn’t much…….]

Subaru: [I see. Well, I guess you can’t just speed your way through the forest. You never know what’s inside it, and there’s huge Witchbeasts lurking about inside it and all.]

The masked man Subaru suspected to be a member of the people of Shudraq; the hunter who also had a chance to be a member of the tribe; the area in which the massive snake Witchbeast had appeared while Subaru was fighting the hunter was full of Rem’s traps as well.

Subaru could easily guess how much trouble Todd’s group were going to have, going through that jungle. Even if he couldn’t explain the context surrounding them, he should at least tell Todd about Rem’s traps. He didn’t want any unnecessary setbacks to――

Todd: [――Witchbeasts?]

Todd, who was drinking water while Subaru was lost in thought, widened his eyes in surprise. Wiping his mouth with his sleeve, he stared at Subaru with a startled expression.

Failing to understand why Todd was so surprised, Subaru could only stare back with a puzzled expression.

Todd: [Just now, you said Witchbeast right? You’re saying there’s a Witchbeast in that forest?]

Subaru: [Uh, well, yeah, I did say that but… Did I say something weird?]

Todd: [Of course you did. You don’t just run into a Witchbeast everyday do ya? Now it’s a different story if you’re talking about the Witchbeast Kingdom of Lugunica, but they don’t appear anywhere within Vollachia’s borders.]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [This isn’t a joke right? Right miss?]

Subaru was speechless and could only stay perplexed at Todd’s increasingly serious tone. Todd switched targets to Rem.

Finding herself to be the subject of questioning, Rem answered Todd with a simple “Yes”.

Todd: [Answer me miss. Did you see a Witchbeast too? In the Buddheim Jungle?]

Rem: [The Witchbeast, though I am not sure exactly what it was… I can say I definitely saw a large, green creature.]

Todd: [Was there a horn on its head?]

Rem: [A horn? …There was something white and crooked, for sure.]

Upon hearing that reply, a grimacing Todd leapt up. He looked over at Subaru again,

Todd: [What kind of Witchbeast was it? What’d it look like?]

Subaru: [A-a snake. A giant snake. About 10 metres. One super giant one.]

Todd: [One, just one is it… Shit, how’re we supposed to know if it’s just one lurking in this massive jungle? But, you don’t seem like you’re lying. The situation’s changed!]

Violently scratching his head, Todd faced away from them, his demeanour completely changed. He started walking off before stopping midway with an audible “Ah”, coming to a realisation of some sort. He turned around and returned to Subaru and the others,

Todd: [That was some important information. Things could’ve turned ugly if we didn’t know. You saved us.]

Subaru: [――Uh huh]

Todd proceeded to vigorously pat the still seated Subaru and Rem’s heads. Failing to react in time to the sudden patting, the duo could only look at him in shock. Paying no mind to their bewilderment, Todd turned away once again.

He then started moving towards the people still in the middle of their lunch.

Todd: [Camp Captains, gather up! We’re going to the General! It’s important news!]

He clapped his hands together as he started assembling some people. The sounds of many footsteps could be heard as the camp was whipped up into a frenzy. Todd continued on to a tent at the back – which was probably where war meetings and other such important discussions were held.

The two could only watch on absentmindedly at the intense energy that now took over the camp.

Rem: […That was quite the reaction. That creature…… Is a Witchbeast that important? Of course, I know that it is a dangerous being but.]

Subaru: [――. Actually, I might not have been properly acknowledging how dangerous it was.]

Rem: [I see….]

Rem was unconvinced, to say the least, but Subaru himself had yet to fully organise his thoughts in order.

That was how shocking this revelation had been to Subaru.

Subaru: [Witchbeasts are…..rare here.]

That had been unexpected to put it mildly, but moreover, it had never even crossed his mind.

To Subaru, life in another world and the existence of Witchbeasts were concepts inseparable from one another. One could not break this bond no matter how hard they tried. Excluding his first day at the capital, Witchbeasts had always been a major factor in the numerous events that unfolded after he was transported here.

The Witchbeast scuffle that Meili set in motion starred the Ulgarms, the White Whale that was needed to fulfill Wilheim’s deepest wish, and the Great Rabbit that had tried to devour the Sanctuary.

Though Witchbeasts were nowhere to be found in Priestella, the place he went to after – Pleiades Watchtower – could be called without exaggeration, Witchbeast headquarters.

Needless to say, the most memorable Witchbeast to Subaru would be the Crimson Scorpion.

Subaru: […I got myself a little down but, anyway… I arrived here with my own assumptions so I never would have thought that Witchbeasts were rare.]

He thought for sure that Witchbeasts would pop up anywhere in the world like a monster from an RPG. Yet, that did not seem to be the case.

If he thought about it, even back in his original world, it was not like you could find lions or giraffes anywhere in the world. So in a way, this should have been obvious.

Subaru: [I also found out for the first time that Lugunica’s called the Witchbeast Kingdom.]

Even if it was a large threat, Todd’s entire attitude did a complete one-eighty in reaction to one Witchbeast. If you compared that “normal reaction” in Vollachia to someone in Lugunica, it was no wonder why Lugunica was called the Witchbeast Kingdom.

Someone like Meili must sound like a fairy-tale.

Subaru: [So does that mean that if she went to a country or place with not that many Witchbeasts around, she could live like a normal child……?]

Rem: [Hey, excuse me.]

Rem called out to him while Subaru held his head at an angle, pondering about the future of Meili, who he was now separated from.

Wondering what was up, Subaru looked to see Rem pointing on top of the table. There, he found Louis sleeping with her plate empty.

Rem: [It seems she ate herself full and has fallen asleep. Though I despise it, could you please help me carry her.]

Subaru: [You’d go as far to say you despise it…]

Bitterly laughing at Rem’s words, Subaru cocked his head in resignation. After cleaning up four plates – the fourth being Todd’s forgotten lunch, Subaru reluctantly lifted Louis up.

He knew this because Louis would sometimes latch onto him but she was light. Her appearance made her look like a normal young girl. Honestly, only her appearance made her look like a normal young girl.

Subaru: [Are you good to go Rem? My back is free……]

Rem: [What a displeasing offer. There is no need for your assistance. I can at least take care of myself…]

Saying that, Rem took hold of a wooden cane leaning on the table ―― though, it was a “wooden cane” in name only, as it looked more like a random, thick branch that had been picked up somewhere.

The handle was wrapped in cloth, likely to prevent any splinters. It was a simple and improvised cane. Setting the cane, Rem stood up.

Her stance and gait still left much to be desired.

Rem: [――I’m, okay.]

Subaru: […Are you sure? There’s no need to be so stubborn you know. If you’re in trouble you can rely on me.]

Rem: [I will not rely on you. This is nothing. You make sure you do not drop her.]

Subaru: [Hah, alright. But, you should know this. The only reason I’m carrying this person is not because I want to, but because it’s for you.]

Rem: [What in the world is compelling you to say stuff like that….]

Simply, Subaru did not want Rem to find out his view of Louis was becoming positive of his own accord. Getting tired of his comments, Rem followed Subaru with her cane, albeit with some difficulty.

Subaru returned Rem and Louis to the tent they were borrowing. He would probably be going back to clean up the tents again. ―― Although, he was curious at what Todd’s group was going to do.

Rem: [――. Are you concerned about them?]

Subaru: […m? Uh, yeah, you could say that. It’s just that…even I have the self-awareness that I’m being dishonest towards our saviours. The talk about the witchbeast may have been careless from me too.]

Rem: [――our, saviours.]

Thinking on it, Subaru could only see himself as a scoundrel who kept on lying. He could only feel deflated and low-spirited on that thought.

However, while listening to Subaru, Rem muttered thoughtfully.

“Saviour”, the word she had taken out of Subaru’s speech was said in a tone that was hard to decipher. Though it definitely did not seem to have a positive emotion attached to it.

Subaru: [Rem?]

Rem: [ ――. No, it’s nothing. Please forget about it.]

Subaru: [Well, It’s impossible to forget about it now. The way this conversation is going, you’re gonna have to tell me.]

Rem: [Is that so. Would you kindly stop talking to me then.]

Subaru: [Isn’t the distance between us increasing! Don’t just leave me hanging, finish what you were going to say! I’m really curious!]

Subaru was matching his walk speed to Rem, so they were walking at a rather slow pace. It might have been her frustration towards Subaru walking with her, but for one reason or another, Rem let out a small sigh.

Sensing that Subaru was not going to back out, she slowly turned to face him,

Rem: [Um, Todd was it?…I do not hold such a good impression of him.]

Subaru: [Huh? Why? He let useless people like us stay at the camp. He even protects us from the bad guy who makes people eat shoes. I don’t see how you can’t feel grateful.]

Rem: [It is not that I don’t feel grateful. I am thankful of course. Just…]

Subaru: [Just?]

Cutting off her sentence there, Rem showed slight hesitation as Subaru urged her on to continue. The silence that had fallen during the pause had only lasted two seconds when Rem with a deep exhale said,

Rem: [――People who do not ask for others’ names are difficult to trust in my opinion.]

Subaru: [――――]

Being told that, Subaru unconsciously stopped his breath.

Wanting to disprove her statement, he thought over the past few days.

――People who do not ask for others’ names, is what Rem said.

Keeping that in mind while reflecting back; technically it was correct.

Todd had, to this very day, not called Subaru by his name. He would always say “you” or something similar. If he didn’t know his name, that would be the obvious course of action.

However――,

Subaru: [Isn’t it just a coincidence? Even you Rem, you don’t call me by my name do――]

Rem: [――It’s Natsuki Subaru, correct? Knowing the name and choosing not to call it, and not even bothering to learn the others’ name have two different meanings. That is all.]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [That is just my opinion. There is no choice but to rely on them anyway.]

Saying that, Rem overtook a standstill Subaru and continued forward.

Watching Rem slowly advance on, Subaru found himself unable to say anything.

Unfortunately, Subaru didn’t have the solution to Rem’s hard-heartedness.

As it had been made clear with that exchange regarding the Witchbeast, Subaru was still ignorant about a lot of things in this world. He wasn’t completely satisfied with the Kingdom and yet, the unknown lands of the Empire were good in its own ways.

Maybe in here, asking for a name or not had a special meaning attached to it. Perhaps asking for a name before offering yours was considered rude.

Even if there was a rule like that in place, Subaru could not tell Rem about it. His lack of knowledge, his lack of cultural awareness, he hated those to no end.

Rem: […How long do you plan to stand there for?]

Subaru: [Ah…]

Glancing up at the voice, he saw Rem slightly ahead, facing back towards him.

With a hint of impatience in her expression, she leaned on her cane with both hands, glaring at Subaru. Seeing her wait for him, Subaru felt his chest tighten up.

His knees almost buckled.

Subaru: [G…uh]

Rem: [Are… Wh-what happened!? Don’t tell me your finger…..]

Subaru: [No, I just thought about how you were waiting for me and I…]

Rem: [I wasted my time.]

She said that with an expressionless voice and face. This time she turned her back on Subaru to truly leave him.

Frantically chasing after her, Subaru went to apologise to Rem. He thought back to their conversation before and smiled gently.

Rem’s probably just overthinking things , he debated to himself.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Like that, the deep-seated doubt that lurked in the bottom of his heart was lifted the next day.

After Subaru and his group parted ways with Todd, the man had attended a meeting with the Generals of the encampment, and the council of war had apparently dragged on until late at night.

Eventually, Subaru ended up bringing Rem and Louis back into their tent, and he had to engage in the tasks assigned to him, all the while saddled with uneasiness. To add to that, Rem had given him the cold shoulder more blatantly than the day before, making him feel like he didn’t belong anywhere.

However――,

???: [――Oi, wake up, wake up. Until when are you planning to sleep in?]

Subaru: [Nnh… Ah?]

Having his shoulder shaken, Subaru was jerked awake by someone.

Being woken up easily was one of Subaru’s few merits, but when he compared waking up on his own to being woken up by someone else, he could reaffirm that it was different from what he was used to. Once he blinked open his eyes, spinning his sluggish thoughts into motion, lying down on the ground, Todd’s face popped into his field of vision.

Subaru: […Todd-san?]

Todd: [Yeah, you look tired. I guess that’s reasonable, ‘cause we made you do jobs you weren’t used to. Anyway, thanks to you…]

Subaru: [――Natsuki Subaru.]

Todd: [Hm?]

Todd spoke rapidly to Subaru, who sat up slowly, and he also widened his eyes as Subaru introduced himself to him.

For a moment, it seemed like he had not understood the meaning of Subaru’s introduction, but,

Subaru: [Natsuki Subaru, that’s my name.]

Todd: [Nn… Ahh, were you bothered that I kept referring to you as just “you” by any chance?]

Subaru: [Ah, no, it’s not to the point that it was bothering me, but… I haven’t introduced myself to you, so I thought I might’ve been super rude or something.]

Todd: [Haha, you think too much about it. But, Natsuki Subaru, right? I gotcha, I gotcha.]

While chuckling, Todd clapped the shoulder of Subaru, who lowered his gaze out of embarrassment. Seeing that he was acting the same as always, Subaru felt relieved to an extent.

Apparently, Rem’s worries from yesterday were simply her overthinking the situation, and Subaru’s uneasiness was also groundless.

Todd appeared to be just a careless person for real. Murmuring, “My mistake, my mistake,”

Todd: [Though, that’s an important topic, but I’m here to talk about something even more important. Thanks to what you told me yesterday, the Generals’ plans changed course.]

Subaru: [Changed course… you mean, the conquering of the forest?]

Todd: [Yep, yep. At any rate, if it’s really Witchbeasts inhabiting the area, adding that to the reclamation of an unknown forest, then it becomes quite a different story. Even the casualties on our side will be by no means negligible. So…]

Taking a pause in his words, a wide grin spread across his face. And then, he took the half-awake Subaru’s face in his hands, and,

Todd: [Our military operations were called off immediately.]

Subaru: [Immediately? Then, Todd-san, does it mean you can return to your fiancée’s place?]

Todd: [Haha, that’s right!]

“Whoa!” Subaru exclaimed, sharing his joy with Todd, who nodded vigorously.

If the soldier-dispatching operation that would last for years had been changed, and Todd could return to his hometown, then he must’ve felt especially ecstatic. Subaru placed his hands together with the jubilant man, dancing inside of the tent with him.

Then, naturally――,

???: […Um, can you be a little more quiet?]

Subaru: [Ah, sorry, Rem.]

Sitting up on her bed, Rem glared at the two men with a scowl on her face.

He guessed that her soured mood was not because of having just woken up. The reason was none other than her dreams being disrupted by the dance steps of the two men.

She then gave a light shake of her head, murmuring, “Oh well……”

Rem: [――? Doesn’t it smell… somewhat strange?]

Subaru: [Smell?]

Rem: [Yes. It’s different from your body odor.]

Sniffing at the air, Rem waved at Subaru as if she was brushing off a smelly object. Her gesture wounded him to a certain degree, but Todd immediately apologized with, “My bad, my bad.”

Todd: [I thought ‘twas alright because there’s some distance, but I guess you’d know if you have a good sense of smell. But, doesn’t it feel wrong to not hurry up and do something that has already been settled upon?]

Subaru: [Todd-san?]

Saying that, Todd opened the tent flap, and motioned with a hand for the two to come out.

So, Subaru exchanged glances with Rem, before handing her wooden cane over to her, moving towards the entrance.

They lined up next to Todd after that, and saw.

Subaru: [――Huh?]

A dense plume of black smoke was being spouted with tremendous momentum, and a fierce smell of something burning hung in the air.

The great jungle that had filled up every inch of his vision left and right, no matter the distance or where he looked ― Subaru was greeted by the sight of the Buddheim Jungle engulfed in scarlet flames, burning and blazing furiously.

Rem: [This is…]

Next to Subaru who stood there in shock, Rem was left speechless by witnessing the same view as him.

Both Subaru and Rem stood still as a stone, staring at the forest that flared with red as if it were a nightmare, staring at the incinerated jungle, and staring at the world that was coming to an end.

Todd: [If it comes to Witchbeasts prowling around, there’s no telling the number of casualties on our side. When I insisted on that, General Second-Class Zikr, our commander, agreed to it.]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [Thanks to the information you provided us, we ended up with no casualties. You’ve been very helpful.]

He laughed after he finished speaking, slapping Subaru on the back with the palm of his hand. Struck by the friendly impact of the blow, Subaru’s lips trembled. His lungs shivered, his throat shook, and his voice quivered as well.

Against Todd’s unchanging, amiable attitude, Subaru’s wavering voice formed the following words――,

Subaru: [Wh… why…?]

Todd: [Why? What do you mean by that?]

Subaru: [But, you said… you didn’t want to fight the Shudraqians… right?]

A difficult fight was inevitable if a battle was going to break out, and negotiations were the most desirable to make the people of Shudraq pledge their loyalty to the Emperor.

That was what Todd had told Subaru while they were eating yesterday.

If so, there wouldn’t be a battle. Relief had seeped into Subaru’s heart back then.

Subaru: [But, this… more so than battle, it’s…!]

Todd: [Yeah, we didn’t wanna fight them. We don’t know how many victims the battle will claim on our side. I could’ve died too. But, because I was able to obtain what’s needed to persuade the General, the issue was taken care of. The Shudraqians won’t be able to oppose His Excellency the Emperor as well.]

Subaru: [――hk,]

Todd: [I can also go home early, back to my fiancée. Really, really, you were a great find. I told the Generals about you, so you’ll definitely receive a reward.]

“Maybe you might be given a second dagger,” Todd joked, clapping Subaru on the back once more.

And then, as if he just remembered something, he murmured out an, “Oh,”

Todd: [I was told to return after showing you our military gains from this. Sorry, but I might be a little late to breakfast. But, you don’t have to tidy up the tents anymore. After a while, we’re gonna end up lifting the camp.]

Subaru: [――Ah, eh?]

Todd: [Well, well, get a hold of yourself. ――Don’t make the lil’ missy feel uneasy.]

Whispering his last sentence in Subaru’s ear, Todd gave him a genuine, well-intentioned smile before leaving the area.

In the end, Subaru could not utter a single word at the back of the man who was going far away in his line of sight, unable to do anything but remain silent.

Subaru: [――――]

However, no matter if he stayed quiet, or if he was tormented by the confusion whirling within his heart, the scene of the blazing forest both far away and in front of him would never change.

The erupting flames would consume everything, and it would eventually burn down every single sliver of life on the land here.

The gigantic snake Witchbeast, or the Masked Man who lived in the forest, and the hunter that had sought Subaru’s life weren’t exceptions, either. ――Everything would be reduced to ashes.

Rem: [――h,]

Next to Subaru, who grinded his teeth together from the shocking realization, Rem suddenly staggered.

When he instinctively supported her slender body with a hand, Rem stiffened the moment he touched her. And then, as she gazed up at him, fear and a sense of rejection began bubbling over into her expression.

Subaru: [Ah……]

Rem: [It’s not like this is your fault…… I know that. But,]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [Don’t… touch me.]

She stifled the fright that threatened to overwhelm her for a moment, slowly pushing Subaru’s hand away. She didn’t brush it off nor broke it, but she simply pushed it away.

Her words were her honest thoughts. Rem did understand that this situation wasn’t what Subaru intended to cause. However, it only brought a meager amount of comfort to him.

Like this, facing the incident that had actually occurred, the comfort was too small――.

Rem: [……It seems like she has woken up.]

Rem said, glancing away from Subaru, averting her eyes from the burning forest, and as if looking away from what she did not want to see, she turned to face Louis, who was inside the tent.

Staring at her back, Subaru couldn’t call for her immediately.

Even he had trouble wrapping his head around what had happened. As of now, only dialogue choices that would be incorrect no matter what he said came to his mind.

So, he could not stop Rem, who was leaving his side at the speed of a crawling infant with difficulty.

He couldn’t stop her――,

Subaru: [――oh?]

Subaru bit his lip, gazing at Rem’s petite back after being rejected by her. He then noticed the tiny sensation that suddenly thumped against his back, letting out a gasp in the process.

He spun around, wondering what had happened, but he did not see anything or anyone that could have touched him from behind. However, the moment he turned his body, he caught a glimpse of something zipping through the corner of his eyes.

It was almost as if it had pivoted around him just as he turned around――,

Louis: [Uuuu!!]

The next second, like an explosive fit of a child’s tantrum, Louis raised her voice inside the tent.

The Sin Archbishop was irritatingly loud from the moment she woke up, but there was a situation in front of him that he had to prioritize, more so than the Sin Archbishop who was no different than a toddler. Although, it wasn’t like he could do anything about it.

Louis: [Uah, Aaa! Aaaaa!!]

Subaru: [――kh, shut it! We’re in a dire situation right now! There’s no time to dote on,]

You , he tried to shout at the wailing Louis, and knitted his brows together.

He reacted like that because Rem, sitting on the floor and her arms locked around the thrashing child, also had a sudden change in her expression.

Different compared to the fear and sense of rejection from before, she displayed astonishment that purely asked, “Why?”. Her wide blue eyes honed in on Subaru ― no, it was not on him to be precise, but,

Subaru: [……My back?]

Judging from the slightly unaligned angle of her stare, Subaru deduced the target of the focus of her gaze. He followed her eyes and turned his head around, peering into his own back.

And then, he realized it too late. ――The true identity of the thing that had pivoted around him just a while ago.

Subaru: [――The… arrow’s feather,]

That was exactly what had whizzed past his sight.

Then it was only natural, but the actual arrow itself was attached to the feather, and if the feather was swaying on his back, then that meant――,

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Simply, the released arrow had been shot straight into Subaru’s back.

Subaru: [――――]

Feeling dizzy, Subaru collapsed on the spot, unable to stand for any longer. His hand immediately shot out, grabbing onto the entrance of the tent, and the tent tilted sideways with the momentum of being toppled over.

However, he could not afford to be bothered by it, as his body had already fallen sideways.

Rem: [Aaaaaaaaaahh―!]

Witnessing the ordeal, Rem let out a shrill scream.

His thoughts swirling inside his head, Subaru absently noted it was the first time he had ever heard Rem’s normal scream. The useless comment flooded the inside of his head, overflowing and spilling out of his ears.

Louis: [Aaa, Uuaaa!]

Scrambling up on all fours, Louis approached the fallen Subaru. She shook his body violently, but he was unable to reprimand her, nor did he have any strength to resist.

How could one arrow reduce him into this sorry state?

Rem: [Someone! Someone, please some――! …This… Something like this must be nothing! Such a… shallow injury from an arrow can’t possibly…!]

Rem tossed away her cane and rushed to his side as she fell, frantically called out to him while looking at the wound on his back.

Ahh, Rem is really kind , Subaru thought. Even if Rem could not bring herself to believe him because of the miasma, even if he had created a world set on fire with a careless word, if Subaru had collapsed before her eyes, despite all of it, she would raise her voice in an effort to save him.

Subaru thought he did not want to show his weak side in front of this Rem.

If it’s just a wound caused by an arrow, then why don’t you show ‘em by standing back up like it’s nothing, Natsuki Subaru.

When he watched long-running TV shows or historical dramas, he often believed the people who died or were immobilized from being stabbed by such thin arrows did not have enough willpower.

Well, even if he excluded the case where his chest had been penetrated by a large arrow, the arrow in his back was not really powerful, just as Rem said. In actuality, it bumped into him so gently that he thought he had been patted on the back.

Why would an arrow like that be――,

Subaru: [――Geh, bh, uehk,]

Rem: [――hk, could it be… poison?]

As Subaru retched out the scorching sensation rising up in his throat, Rem arrived at the same conclusion as him.

He was not going to be killed by the impact of the arrow. The poison slathered on the arrow was eating away at him.

His limbs no longer moved, and his mind was sluggish as if he had been struck by a high fever. Something flowed out of his eyes and nose and ears, and his whole body began convulsing.

His ears began ringing thunderously, and he could not hear the voice of the worried Rem. He could not hear Louis’s shrieking that hurt his ears. He could no longer hear them.

The poison, poison, the poison, who, why, the arrow, hunter, forest’s, burning, scorching and flaring, Subaru had unnecessarily, the Witchbeast, Todd, burning, Rem, Rem, Rem――.

His consciousness fading in and out, a groan escaped his throat as blood bubbled and frothed out of his lips. And then, opening his bloodshot eyes wide, he tried to take a look at Rem’s face no matter what it took, and noticed.

――Around thirty meters away from the tent, there was a tiny, tiny silhouette glowering at him in a location easily reachable in less than ten seconds if one ran for it.

Subaru: [――――]

A child. A small child who was not too different from Louis.

She was a small child with mean-looking eyes. ――No, that wasn’t it. She did not have mean-looking eyes. She was glaring at Subaru. With eyes clouded over by hatred, her gaze pierced through Subaru with the intent to kill.

Her hair and face dirtied with soot, it was a girl holding a small bow with hate-filled eyes.

With those fingers, that hand, and the will to do so, she had shot Subaru with a poisoned arrow.

Subaru: [――――]

It was natural that he was hated by her.

It was also natural for her to want to kill him.

The results Subaru had brought about caused the girl to pursue her hatred, a fate like that.

If so, this… the retribution that arrived before him――,

???: [――No! Wait! Please, wait. Wait……]

Beside his ear, he heard a desperate voice.

He wanted to wait for her. He wanted to stop in his tracks for her. He wanted to lead her by the hand, and smile at her.

He could not do any of those.

He remained unable to do any of those.

Bubbling and churning, he gurgled out blood-red foam, his body convulsed, his eyes rolled into the back of his head, urine seeped across the floor, and he threw up his guzzling, melting organs, while falling down towards the darkness.

???: [Wait……!]

The unsightly, filthy, and thoughtless fool plunged deeper into the darkness.

Descendi――,

--- Chapter 9: The Way of the Empire ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

A menace that consumed him, bit by bit. An anguish that seemed to turn his very blood into magma. Together, they tore away at Natsuki Subaru’s existence, trying to bare his unvarnished self.

An overtime of such cruelty, like peeling off a scab that hadn’t fully healed, and exposing the raw wound beneath to the cold air. ――His soul brushed against a reality that couldn’t be protected.

Would it be pain, grief or sorrow that would come?

Or perhaps, it would be something entirely different; Subaru had no idea.

If there was something he did understand, if there was something that served as salvation, it was but one thing only.

Namely, that the hopelessness he felt would be severed before he could reach an answer, and that the false sense of freedom would――

???: […Shut it with your wheezing and panting, you.]

Subaru: [ Mrgh ]

Having been liberated from his earlier anguish, Subaru opened his mouth wide, which should have been foaming with blood.

His body was empty, like someone had punched a hole in his lungs, as it gasped for oxygen. And just as he tried to relish its tasteless goodness to his heart’s content, something was shoved into his mouth against his will.

Subaru was showered in verbal abuse as he recoiled from the unforeseen blow, coughing and spluttering.

Yet, he could not tell what was going on. He could not see properly. The tightness he felt on his face served as proof that something was wrapped around his eyes. His face had been bound.

――Actually, no, his face was not the only thing that had been bound. His arms and legs were tied up too.

And with him in this state, someone had forced something into his mouth.

Subaru: [Oergh! Bweh! W-Why am I tied u…Guweh!?]

???: [Why the hell are you defying me? Don’t you understand the position you’re in?]

Subaru: [Gha, Gghhk…!]

Subaru was kicked in the pit of his stomach by that violent figure, straight after he had spat out whatever had been stuck into his mouth. The wind was knocked out of him by the impact as he fell over, his opponent spitting after him.

Even the humiliation of being showered in their spit paled before the pain he felt piercing his chest. Nevertheless, Subaru’s mind was engulfed by a sea of confusion as his deprived vision flickered red in pain.

…The stuff that had happened a few dozen seconds prior was churning around his mind.

Subaru: […]

Subaru had been woken up by Todd, taken outside the tent, and there, the great forest had been set ablaze. And straight after he found out that they had made it happen due to his own gaffe, he had been struck by an arrow in the back and toppled over. The one who had fired it had been a young-looking girl. The moment he had looked at her, his strength had abandoned him, his entire body breaking into convulsions.

He’d suffered while foaming up blood, he’d heard Rem’s voice as she rushed over to him, he’d tried to hold onto his fading consciousness…

Subaru: [This place is…]

???: [Aah? How long are you gonna be fooling ar…]

???: [――Hey, hey, chill out! He’s completely clueless! It can’t be helped! Rather than that, here! Let’s take off his blindfold!]

Subaru: [… Ah ]

His thoughts, engulfed in a maelstrom of chaos, were brought back to reality by the conversation happening overhead.

A conversation between two men. One of the voices was gruff, belonging to a man who was like the very embodiment of boorishness and roughness. The other one sounded like velvet, and  gave a good impression of someone who could smooth stuff over.

…The faces that went with those voices popped up as a matter of course in Subaru’s mind.

???: [ Tch ]

With the sound of a tch and that of footsteps, the man who’d kicked Subaru moved away from him. And straight after that, Subaru heard a sigh which came interlaced with shocked exasperation and wryness.

????: [Sorry that was done to you right after you woke up. I think you’re probably feeling muddled and all, but I’ll just take off your blindfold, okay? Though, I can’t remove the rope around your hands and feet, so you gotta bear with it.]

Subaru: […]

Saying that as he walked up to Subaru, he unfastened the blindfold that was wrapped around Subaru’s head.

Subaru took a deep breath before relishing the feeling of freedom, along with the slight pain that accompanied it. Then he took another one, and another one, before finally holding his breath slightly.

After that, he opened his eyelids and slowly waited for his sight to return.

And…

Subaru: […I knew it.]

What unfurled itself before Subaru’s eyes, as soon as his dimmed vision gradually sharpened, were tents, fires and the figures of Imperial Soldiers bustling about.

Subaru was in the familiar, though not so familiar, Imperial Encampment ― The place they’d expropriated, where he’d scurried to and fro, doing odd jobs.

Subaru: […]

There wasn’t anything strange regarding the scene itself.

After all, it was here in this encampment that he’d been felled by the arrow wound. Then what was so weird about waking up here, following his treatment after regaining consciousness?

Nevertheless, he still couldn’t explain things like the first blow ― the fact he’d had a shoe forced into his mouth, and the fact his hands and legs were still tied up, to be sure of his hypothesis.

Even considering how estranged Subaru was from how the Empire did things, if no one batted an eye at this kind of common sense, where the people would tie up one’s hands and feet everytime the latter was treated, then he would wish for the country’s ruin.

In other words, if that was not the case, then it meant that…

Subaru: [I guess I must have died…?]

――It was the most natural to think he had “Returned by Death”.

Ironically enough, he readily came up with an idea to confirm that. He would just need to swing his head around and set his gaze on the green forest beyond the encampment.

The result of Subaru’s own gaffe had been the jungle burning down, letting the Imperial Soldiers get away with that recklessness.

Black smoke should have been billowing out from the forest, enveloped by the fires of hell. Yet, there it still stood. On his left, on his right, the green jungle stretched across the horizon, in perfect condition.

Subaru: […]

The scenes vividly popped back into his mind, right after confirming this.

Subaru had fallen due to his arrow wound, foaming at the mouth. Rem had crawled over to him, and there he’d heard her voice, her presence, her entreaty, begging him to not die.

Yet, Subaru had betrayed her there. He ended up dying miserably before her eyes.

The man who knew her, even if she detested him, had ended up dying in this godforsaken land. Just imagining the amount of fear and anxiety the amnesiac Rem would have experienced tore his heart asunder.

While at the same time, he thought. ―― I never want to make her feel that ever again.

???: [We found you right as we went out to fetch some water, yeah. Sorry, but you’ve been captured. You’re our prisoner.]

And thus, the man squatted down in front of him, as his heart was filled with strong emotion.

The individual flashed him a velvety smile, his eyes beaming. Subaru knew who he was. ――Todd, the only person who’d acted friendly towards Subaru and Rem, in this encampment full of Imperial Soldiers.

He was the man who had patiently spent his time with Subaru, the latter knowing so little about the Empire; Subaru even considered the fact he’d been picked up by him at first, a stroke of good fortune.

That was, until he’d backed burning the forest to the ground, using Subaru’s words as a pretext.

Subaru: […]

Hardly ten minutes had passed physically, but his carefree report had sent chills running down Subaru’s spine.

The Imperial Soldiers had ruthlessly burnt the forest to the ground, straight after they’d decided that entering the forest to invade the people of Shudraq, the purpose for which the troops had been dispatched for, would prove troublesome. And adding to that, they’d lauded Subaru for his contributions, since he’d provided them the information that ended up being the clincher for their choice.

In the Sacred Vollachian Empire, the strong were revered and the weak were oppressed.

It was a great nation which went by the creed that only in the Sword Wolf, the symbol of a wolf pierced by swords, were there the qualifications to live.

A mentality like Todd’s probably wasn’t at all unusual in the Empire.

He could even understand them going ahead with the plan to set the forest on fire, once they’d heard there was a Witchbeast inside.

Nevertheless, they would not mesh well with the people of the Kingdom of Lugunica, let alone Subaru. Maybe Roswaal at best, since he was a clump of rationalism.

Either way, he must not allow them to burn the forest down this time.

Subaru: […]

Subaru let out a gulp as he took what had happened last time as being his failure.

The fact that Subaru had ended up getting himself killed was whatever, but the fact that they’d burnt the forest down was taking it too far, even if the Imperial Soldiers had done it as a safety measure.

If not for Subaru’s gaffe, the chance remained that Todd and the others would have established a place to discuss things amiably, and have their negotiations succeed without spilling any blood.

He’d taken away that possibility, and brought danger upon the people inside the forest―― No, he should not dodge the responsibility he bore here. There was absolutely no way that there would be no casualties in that inferno.

Due to his own gaffe, Natsuki Subaru had reaped the lives of the people who lived in the forest.

Even if he could not meddle with what happened in that world-line, due to Returning by Death, the fact still remained. ――Subaru would never forget it.

Subaru: […]

Thus, Subaru resolved to himself, that he would not repeat the same mistake twice.

“Death” was a heavy thing, and regardless of whether it was him, or others, he would never let it repeat again. With those thoughts clouding his mind, it was a small mercy that he was redoing his first encounter with Todd and Jamal here.

The restart point of his Return by Death had been updated. He’d returned to the point after he’d been knocked unconscious by Rem in the grassland, after he’d fled from the Hunter in the forest, and the fierce attack of the Witchbeast, to where he’d been picked up by the Imperial Encampment.

From here on out, he would establish friendly ties with Todd, as well as with Jamal, if possible, and get them to open negotiations in a way that would not make them rend asunder the Shudraqians in the forest.

So, for that, he would…

Todd: [Hey you, are you listening? I get that you’re confused about being called a prisoner out of nowhere, but…]

Subaru: [――. Well, yeah, I guess. I am confused. But even if I am, well, you see…]

Squatting in front of the taciturn Subaru, Todd gave his feelings some consideration. Subaru sunk into thought, deciding on what to say next as he took in Todd’s stance.

His relationship with Todd had been good, last time. Subaru really needed to maintain it, and him and Rem would be getting the most out of that thread.

What’s more, Subaru needed to choose what he knew carefully, so to restrain his extreme behaviour.

Subaru: [You startled me, but I do know that I’ve been taken prisoner. I also remember diving into the river. If y’all rescued me from there, then you must be our saviours――]

Todd: [Wait up just a second.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Taking first things first, Subaru examined the situation he was in carefully. Then, he tried to put on an act that looked natural, resembling a person who’d just been dragged out of a river.

However, Todd stuck his hand out towards Subaru’s face, interrupting what the latter was saying.

The palm of his hand, along with his five spread out fingers, blocked Subaru’s vision, causing Subaru to hitch in response.

Then…

Todd: […Why were you looking at me like that just now?]

And just after catching wind of Todd’s cold, hard voice, Subaru felt something sharp being thrust into his right shoulder.

With his field of view obstructed, Subaru’s reaction to Todd’s actions were slow. He swung his eyes over to where his right shoulder was smarting, and then realised what had happened.

―― The sharp point of a dagger had been thrust into his right shoulder.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [―― Hhh!? ]

The moment he realized what had happened, a voiceless scream arose in Subaru’s throat.

A sensation much like burning exploded in Subaru’s right shoulder, and with sharp pain came a feeling of being pierced by pins and needles, which extended through his whole body. Had he not instinctively stretched and dispersed the pain in his entire body, the maximum level of tolerance would have been exceeded and he would be unable to keep his mind from reaching the breaking point.

The shock of the unexpected stab wound was just that immense.

Subaru: [ Guh, GYAAAAAAaaaahhhh!! ]

Moments later, following the voiceless cry, came the delayed scream, drawn out by pain.

He wanted to writhe, to move his shoulder around and rub it, to apply pressure to it, or take any kind of action to lessen the pain. But Subaru’s hands and feet were bound, and there was nothing he could do to pull out the knife thrust into his shoulder. It hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts.

???: [H-hey! What was that scream just now!]

In pain and agony, Subaru screamed over and over. It was Jamal, the rough-looking man with an eyepatch, who hurriedly rushed in upon hearing the alarming sound.

Jamal, who had been kicking Subaru just before in a violent display of power, opened his eyes wide seeing the image of Subaru with a knife in his right shoulder screaming bloody murder.

And then,

Jamal: [Todd, this isn’t what we agreed on! Weren’t you the one who said you’d reach out a hand to them since they were carrying that aristocratic knife!?]

Todd: [Ahh, that had been the plan because I didn’t know these guys’ lineage. I should’ve known you’d get angry about it just because it’s different from what I had said. My bad, my bad.]

Jamal: […If you’re saying that, does that mean you know who this guy is?]

Although he spoke in a rough voice, he recovered his composure after hearing Todd’s answer. However, in response to Jamal’s question, Todd just said “Who knows?” and tilted his head.

Without pause, Todd knocked over Subaru who let out a cry of pain, and stepped on him.

Todd: [I haven’t heard where he’s from or who he is, so I have no idea. But there’s a high possibility he’s our enemy. So, it was a preemptive strike.]

Subaru: [Guh, gyaaahh!]

Todd: [Oh, that looks painful. We can’t avoid having you suffer a bit, but you seem like you have some pain tolerance, y’know. Where’s your self-respect?]

With his foot heavily pressing into Subaru’s body, Todd asked calmly.

However, with Todd’s weight pressing the fallen Subaru into the ground, the knife in his shoulder was pushed even deeper into the wound, and the return of unbearable agony left no room for him to answer Todd.

His vision flickered, his throat burned, bloody screams rose up over and over again. No matter how many times that was repeated, the pain showed no sign of easing. Without missing a beat, it became fresh despair and continued to assault Subaru like waves crashing against the shore.

Todd: [He’s not answering. How defiant. Looks like he’s an enemy after all.]

Jamal: […If he’s being rolled like that, he won’t be able to answer even if he could y’know.]

Todd: [Hm? Is that so? Oops. When I’m sluggish from pain, I always mess up in these kinds of situations. My bad, my bad.]

Saying that, Todd finally moved his foot away from Subaru’s body.

The additional pain vanished, but the intermittent pain continued to sting Subaru, and the unbearable agony had caused him to bite his lip and blood streamed out from his mouth.

From the corners of his eyes tears also flowed, and miserably he could not even wipe them away.

Jamal: [You… After this, I don’t know how you can warn me about my bad behavior…]

Todd: […? Don’t you hit prisoners of war and your subordinates to relieve stress? So don’t joke around acting all high and mighty. I’m only doing what is necessary.]

On the other hand, ignoring Subaru’s disgraceful sight, the two men continued talking above his head.

With Jamal pacifying Todd and pointing out Subaru’s bloodshed, a scene unthinkable a short while ago had unfolded.

What the heck was going on?

Although most of his mental resources were devoted to enduring the pain, this view was too incoherent.

Why would Todd, who had treated Subaru and his group so well, take such action―

Jamal: [So, why did you stab him?]

Strangely, Jamal raised to Todd the same question Subaru had.

When asked, Todd closed one eye and looked in the direction of Subaru, who was writhing in agony.

Todd: [When I took off his blindfold and he looked at me, his eyes were intent on manipulating me. I could understand being nervous or uneasy. Crying from fear would also be fine… But trying to manipulate me is suspicious, no?]

Jamal: [Manipulate, huh.]

Todd: [This guy was unconscious, he’s kicked awake and his blindfold removed, and the first thing he tries to do is to use the first face he saw? There may be such a guy, but that sorta guy is frightening and simply cannot be handled. We should kill him quickly.]

Todd persistently expressed his own well-reasoned opinion in contrast with the thoughtful Jamal.

The reason Subaru had been stabbed was because Todd had judged Subaru to be dangerous. And the best way to deal with dangerous opponents was to neutralize them.

That was why Todd had stabbed Subaru’s right shoulder. Because Todd knew that the fingers of Subaru’s left hand had been broken, and were thereby useless.

With his right shoulder stabbed and his left-hand fingers broken, the function of both of Subaru’s arms was greatly reduced.

To ensure his own safety, Todd immediately made a decision and just acted on it.

―― “Just”, that is.

Jamal: [I dunno how you can think about that sorta thing right after you wake up. I might still be in the middle of waking up, straining my ears standing here tryna to listen to this…]

Todd: [No, that’s not it. He must’ve been pretending to be asleep the whole time I watched him. If he had regained consciousness along the way somewhere he should’ve had some kind of physical reaction. Supposing I overlooked him pretending to sleep, then…]

Jamal: [Then?]

Todd: [Then  he planned to try to manipulate me while deceiving me and pretending to be asleep, isn’t that right? That method is even more frightening. As I thought, killing him would be the correct answer, it seems.]

Hearing that, Subaru gasped and shivered as he fought off the pain.

While listening to Todd’s explanation, Jamal’s tone gradually weakened. At first he must’ve been shocked and angry at the fact that Todd had stabbed Subaru, but little by little his fury was dismantled.

Todd’s tone of voice and way of speaking held a charm that softened the other person’s emotions.

Observing from the position of a third party, he could finally see that.

Todd would get close to the other person, show his understanding, and then offer attractive proposals that were beneficial to them on top of that. First the momentum was killed, then as the other person became more open-minded, the offered proposal would be carefully considered, and against one’s better judgement it would become desirable to go through with it.

That’s exactly what was happening to Jamal right now, before his eyes.

And that was also what had happened to Subaru just before he used Return by Death.

Todd: [The young ladies with him are also suspicious, but the two of them are straightforward and easy to interact with. Let’s get rid of this one before there’s any trouble.]

Jamal: [Well, I guess that’s fine, but…]

Todd: [Or, do you want to be the one to do it? To stop your anger from getting out of control over that blue-haired girl injuring your men, you need someone to relieve your stress right?]

Jamal: […That’s also true.]

In response to Todd’s calm proposal, a vulgar smile appeared on Jamal’s face.

Just like that, Jamal passed by Todd’s side while cracking his knuckles. The signs of violence Jamal displayed made Subaru cower, but Todd’s remark made him tremble even more.

Much akin to how he had offered Subaru to Jamal for stress relief, Todd was willing to investigate his intentions in a different way, if he ended up eliminating Subaru here.

For that purpose he would use Rem, as well as Louis.

But no matter what was asked, the two of them would not be able to answer. No matter how harsh the torture, Rem had no information to reveal.

In other words…

Subaru: […tch]

Biting down harshly with his molars, the taste of blood exploded in his mouth, as Subaru searched for a way to prevent Rem from tasting the same. In a few seconds, Jamal’s violence would resume, and Subaru would either be killed or left half-dead by his brutal attack. Even if Jamal had a conscience, Todd would not keep Subaru alive.

Todd, who would be able to set fire to the forest, would likewise not bat an eye when it came to extinguishing Subaru’s life.

Step by step, Jamal drew closer.

In that time, Subaru’s brain went into overdrive, searching within himself for the answer. To break the deadlock of the current state of affairs, some kind of plan, a possibility, he needed a miracle,――

Jamal: [To relieve my stress, you better scream as much as you can, you son of a bitch. For your girl’s part too, I’m gonna make your body pay――]

Subaru: [ People of Shudraq .]

Jamal: [――――]

Jamal spat out his stereotypical violent threats right on the verge of striking Subaru, ―― but Subaru’s lips put together those words.

At that moment, Jamal’s movement stopped, and Todd’s expression in the background changed too. Jamal’s face showed clear surprise, while Todd cocked one eyebrow, “Oh?”, and grinned.

Todd: [ People of Shudraq … You decided to play that card now? Seems you’re well aware of how to gamble.]

Jamal: [Todd, what this brat is saying…]

Todd: [Just wait, just wait Jamal. You can hit and kick him after. But it’s hard to understand the voice of someone with their tongue and throat crushed. It’s best if we listen here.]

Jamal: [Fuck!]

With nowhere to direct his anger, Jamal roughly kicked the nearby wooden railing.

Todd looked sideways at the literal dispersion of anger, and turned toward Subaru. The smile on his face was, horrifyingly,  no different from the one Subaru knew.

Just as he had done when treating Subaru’s fingers, inviting Subaru to eat, and praising Subaru for his contribution to burning the forest, Todd grinned at Subaru, as the latter stood on the precipice between life and death.

Todd: [So, the name of the People of Shudraq came up. I wonder, can I expect to hear something from you that will make me happy?]

Subaru: […Ah. You know, the location of the People of Shudraq in the forest?]

Todd: [――！Oh, that’s great!]

Smiling, Todd clapped his hands in front of his chest in a show of joy.

Seeing his reaction, Subaru was confident that the miracle he had pulled out of himself had helped put off the impending predicament. However, at the same time, it was a double-edged sword for Subaru.

After all, Subaru did not know the location of the People of Shudraq.

The masked man who had handed him the knife, the hunter who had shot arrows at him… Perhaps either or both of them were related to the People of Shudraq , but he had no means of contacting them or knowing specifically where they were.

――In other words, Subaru was staking his life on this big gamble.

Todd: [How is it you know the location of the People of Shudraq ?]

Subaru: […Because I’m one of the People of Shudraq .]

Todd: [I see, after all that’s how it is. Setting aside skin color, it’s the black hair, y’know? So I was wondering if that was the case. Since it’s a famous rumor that Shudraqians have black hair.]

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru was greatly relieved as fortune smiled upon him and he received this information that had been entirely unknown to him.

His whole body was covered in greasy sweat, and the tension of the conversation had caused Subaru to break out in cold sweat in addition. The pain in his shoulder was increasing, and the pain in the fingers of his left hand was beginning to bug him as well.

On top of that, his body had yet to recover from the turmoil at the Pleiades Watchtower or from the trouble with Rem in the forest or from the burden of the escape to the river right after that.

Barely hanging on to his fleeting consciousness and breaking spirit, he continued the questioning. One wrong answer would result in his death.―― Everything was to survive and save Rem.

To return to Emilia and Beatrice and everyone, and to reunite Ram and Rem.

Todd: [So basically, you’re a scout. And your clothing and knife were prepared to blend in with us.]

Subaru: [――. I stole the knife from a traveller. Same goes for the clothes. And…]

Todd: [You tried to get some info on us. A pretty bold plan I gotta say. Seems like you were actually drowning and there was a chance that we wouldn’t notice the knife…]

Subaru: [But it was more realistic that way, wasn’t it?]

Even as his supposed plan was pointed out as careless and flawed, Subaru laughed it off, saying that it had been all on purpose.

Putting a brazen smile on his face, he bared his teeth and made his mean eyes look more menacing. This was his act to make his bluff more believable.

Todd squinted at Subaru, trying to scrutinise his real motive.

Todd: [――――]

The silence was deafening and the noose on Subaru’s neck tightened every second.

Truth be told, he had no idea if his words were persuasive at all. Neither could he tell if his act was convincing. The pain and stress he felt were too much to even give a second thought to his performance.

It felt to him, like he was making comical excuses, where it’d be no wonder if, the next moment, he’d crack his head open after dismissing him as being ludicrous with a snort.

Unable to read Todd’s expression, the tension in the room spurred up.

And after some time――,

Todd: [――You, would you sell out your tribe for your life?]

Todd asked with one eye closed. Subaru gulped.

He would bring out the words he needed to bring out. All he needed to do was to not answer incorrectly.

He would sell out his tribe for his life.

After stating that he was a member of the people of Shudraq, he would sell out the people of Shudraq.

He could not let them discover that this was a farce. To aid him, he would adopt the necessary expression and voice.

――The expression and voice of a deplorable bootlicker who would sell out his own tribe for his life.

Subaru: […Yeh, yeah, that’s right. I’ll sell them out.]

Todd: [――――]

Subaru: [Please, I’ll do anything. I’ll even lure them out if you want. Anything, I’ll do anything!]

Stammering, twitching his cheeks, smeared in cold sweat, Subaru begged for his life.

Clinging on to his life, disregarding the lives of others, not letting others see him in any positive light, he had to transform himself into selfishness personified.

But he only had to act.

Over the course of his time in this world, Subaru had seen many people with that way of thinking.

He did not think the day would come where he would model himself after the most inhumane among inhumans, the Sin Archbishops.

Jamal: [You’re a rotten guy you know. Hate that no-good look in your eye.]

Jamal spat out his true feelings, hearing Subaru plead for his life. His disdain and anger were evident.

It seemed that Subaru’s performance had steered Jamal into having a negative opinion of him. But to be completely honest, though he felt bad, he had no time to deal with Jamal’s shenanigans.

Right now, the right to decide Subaru’s fate belonged to Todd.

A person’s ranking or standing did not matter here. The strong eat the weak. He would follow the Empire’s motto to the tee.

Todd: [――. That seriousness, you don’t seem to be lying.]

Todd finally replied to Subaru, who with great effort, kept a docile face.

Hearing that, Subaru almost jumped in joy at his tiny victory. Though, he prayed it was not a premature celebration. At the same time, Jamal spoke up, unhappy about it.

Jamal: [Oi, Todd! You trust what this guy says? This piece of shit who would sell out his people for his own life would…]

Todd: [Hang on, hang on. What are you saying Jamal? These are the words of a bootlicker who would betray his people for his own sake. Of course he’d show how much worth he has. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to save his own precious life.]

Jamal: […Tsk]

Jamal’s outburst was silenced by Todd’s reasoning.

Of course, this “subservient and servile bootlicker” was the exact image Subaru wanted Todd to have of him. The type of person who would double-cross his comrades just to save his own neck. To make his story believable, Subaru would have to drag his reputation to rock-bottom.

On that point, the big scene he had caused after getting stabbed in the shoulder should have helped in that regard too.

Though, the pain he had to suffer as a result was too great for consolation.

Jamal: [Don’t blame me if anything happens!]

In the end, exactly to Subaru’s plan, Jamal was persuaded by Todd.

Admonishing him, Todd tapped Jamal’s shoulders saying “Trust him, trust him”.

Todd: [There’s no mistake he’s attached to life. ―― Whether it’s his or not.]

Todd said as he looked at the meek, downcast Subaru.

△▼△▼△▼△

Rem: [――! Wait a moment! What do you plan to do with that person!?]

Rem yelled out angrily, grabbing onto the bars of the metal cage she was confined in.

They were currently in the Imperial army’s campground. Todd and Jamal, after listening to Subaru’s claims, dragged him out straight away and were now on the way out of the camp.

Rem ― who had been put in a cage after her turbulent capture ― had started shouting out when the trio just so happened to pass by.

Subaru: [――――]

Rem glared at a tattered and worn out Subaru.

Having been dragged out of the river, his half-dried clothes were still heavy. Additionally, the stab wound on his right shoulder had received the bare minimum treatment and the broken fingers on his left hand had received none. Even if the restraints on his legs were gone, the cuffs on his arms robbed him of his freedom.

Looking no different from a slave worker, the person who was being led outside of the camp, Natsuki Subaru.

Seeing this Subaru, Rem’s emotions were all over the place. Shock and surprise, all of it in turmoil. Of course, Subaru was unable to explain the situation to her.

Having Returned by Death, what little progress that had been achieved in the relationship between Subaru and Rem was reset, and needed to be redone from scratch again.

Rem saw Subaru as an enemy based on the witch’s scent that clung to him. Subaru was given no time or opportunity to solve that misunderstanding. Also――,

Rem: [――!? The smell has become worse since last time… What is this exactly?]

The miasma that would thicken with each consecutive Return by Death. Having smelled it, Rem’s caution rose to another level.

To her, Natsuki Subaru might as well have been a child of darkness.

It pained Subaru’s heart, but he could not afford to perform any action that could fix that misconception, lest he be found out.

Todd: […You two have a pretty convoluted relationship don’t you? The way she’s acting. Didn’t you bring that girl along with you?]

Subaru: [That girl… No, the two that were together.]

Todd: [The two of them?]

Subaru: [――. I bought them as tools to help when meeting you guys.]

For a moment, he was unsure how to reply. But he donned his inhumane mask and answered frankly.

Subaru, right now, was a cold-blooded person who would sell off his comrades’ lives to save his own. Naturally, he felt nothing for Rem and Louis. He needed to be one-hundred percent filled with his selfish love for his life.

He could not let the scenario where the two of them ―― well, at least, Rem be taken as hostages to occur.

Subaru: [So I don’t know anything about them. There’s no point asking them this and that…Though you seemed to have gotten the gist of it already.]

Todd: [Well, it didn’t seem to be an act, I guess? The little missy seems to be actually nuts in the head and the missy here ain’t lying. Even so, her reason for rampaging being so vague is a bit troublesome.]

Jamal: [ tsk ]

Todd scratched his cheek with a bitter smile, while Jamal clicked his tongue in annoyance.

With the two of them at the head, a group of twenty or so Imperial soldiers would be leaving the camp with Subaru. Subaru was to bring this group into the jungle and show them where the people of Shudraq resided.

He would show them their settlement and bring the Empire one step closer to victory. And as a reward for that, his life would be saved. Terrible people live long lives after all, so that was the plan.

A plan that would get average reviews as a bootlicker’s success story.

Though, that would only happen if one ignored just how impossible it was.

Subaru: [Isn’t it better if you threw them out? I did buy them. If you don’t need them, I’m happy to have them after they’ve done their work…]

Todd: [You’re a hasty one, aren’t ya? It’s good to be thinking ahead but don’t forget your life depends on whether you can do your job properly or not. Rather than what’s going to happen to them, you should worry about yourself first.]

Subaru: [Hehe, oh yeah, that’s right. My desire for what comes after slipped out.]

If he were to make a fuss over this, his attachment to Rem would be found out instantly and the tables would be flipped on Subaru.

He couldn’t rub his hands together because of his bindings, but in his heart, that was the manner in which he interacted with Todd. Thankfully, Todd did not look deeper into his words. Waving his hand at the caged Rem,

Todd: [Behave yourself missy. If nothing happens, nothing will happen to you.]

Rem: [Do you think your words hold any weight?]

Todd: [I don’t know about weight, but believing me or not is your problem, ain’t it missy?]

Having been told that by Todd, Rem had no choice but to quiet down, annoyed.

Frustrated that he was unable to support Rem or even talk to her any more than this, Subaru burned her figure and voice into his mind. He would use those as fuel for his spirit.

――One way or another, he had to bring Rem out of the camp and escape.

Building a friendly relationship with Todd’s group and getting them to protect him and Rem was no longer a thought Subaru entertained. ――They were a threat, both as an enemy and as an ally.

They could not be controlled even when allied and he did not need to state how dangerous they would be as an enemy.

To begin with, he should avoid teaming up with the people of Vollachia as much as possible.

Subaru’s standing in Vollachia was extremely complex, and if he were to slip up, it would not be a problem that affected just himself. That was another secret he held.

Todd: [Alright, let’s go. Stay sharp everyone.]

Jamal: [I’m the one giving orders!]

Todd called out to his crew, bringing along a hyperconscious Subaru.

Among the Imperial soldier’s replies to Todd’s call, Jamal’s reply was very openly angry.

△▼△▼△▼△

――After that, the group trespassed onto the Buddheim Jungle with Subaru at the very front.

Their destination was the village of the Shudraqians who lived in the forest, and their objective was to pinpoint their location. ――However, Subaru the navigator was pulling a bluff, as he didn’t know where the village was.

Far from that, he was making a gamble while only vaguely knowing about the identities of the people of Shudraq.

Subaru: [――――]

Walking through the thickly-wooded forest, Subaru was waiting for an opportunity to somehow sneak away from the group.

He was against a large number of people, and even if they were wearing light armor, said equipment did not allow them to move around quicker than he could. If he could take advantage of their carelessness and run away, it might be possible to return to the encampment quicker than them, and bring Rem with him on his escape. Actually, that was his only plan as of now.

Fortunately, the cage that Rem had been put in could be easily unlocked from the outside.

The important things were Subaru obtaining the right to do so from Rem, and the hope that she would believe in him and follow him out once he unlocked the cage. And, there was the matter of Louis’s existence as well.

Subaru: [If I say that I am leaving Louis behind, Rem will never come with me…]

In addition to the current situation, he had shaved off a significant amount of Rem’s trust with the added miasma via Return by Death.

Even if Subaru desperately rushed back to the camp in that state, Rem would not welcome his decision to leave Louis behind. Far from that, she would beat him into the ground on the spot, rescue Louis from him by herself, and there was also the possibility of her deserting him in the Empire’s encampment.

Subaru: […I guess that’s not going to happen, even if Rem is hostile to me. Her legs aren’t free to move around, after all.]

She couldn’t go through with these events he imagined solely due to the condition of her legs, so were she to be physically fit, then Subaru wouldn’t put it past her to actually carry it out. That was what he thought, but it would cause him trouble if she did so.

So, if Subaru was going to take her out of that place, then he had to bring Louis along with them as well. Thus, it forced Subaru to face the hardship of being unable to abandon this negative factor, which should be referred to as a shackle, no matter where he went or what he did.

And then――,

Todd: [So, how long will it take until we arrive at the village?]

Subaru: […Around two to three hours.]

Todd: [Two to three hours! That’s pretty quick. If that’s all it takes, then I could wish for nothing more. From our point of view, this was supposed to be a mission that’d take years to complete.]

Obtaining an answer to his question, Todd broke into a smile, seemingly considering his situation to be one of good fortune.

Hearing his words, and seeing him clad in his light armor with a hatchet hanging from his waist, Subaru remembered that Todd had joined the mission whilst leaving his fiancée behind.

That should be glaringly obvious, but even if he made a decision that inflicted wounds upon Subaru, it wasn’t like the story behind his circumstances would change completely.

Todd was dispatched to the jungle as an Imperial Soldier following his orders, and he was unavoidably separated from his fiancée to do so.

The same could be said for some of Todd’s fellow soldiers, such as Jamal. They too had their own circumstances behind their actions, and so every one of them must have a reason to be engaged in the mission like this.

In that sense, there was no reason for Subaru and Todd’s group to be at odds with each other.

Subaru was purely unlucky. His misfortune had piled up on top of itself. The situation was turning against him. That would be what this whole thing was, if he were to line up an assortment of words in this manner.

However――,

Subaru: […I don’t think this is for me to say, but isn’t this unsafe? Only bringing this many people, even though we’re heading for the Shudraqian village…]

Walking at the front of the line as the leader, Subaru called out to Todd, who was right behind him.

There were about twenty Imperial Soldiers in the group. Even though they had a guide with them, it wasn’t possible to say that there were enough people to explore the extensive forest.

Todd shrugged his shoulders in response to Subaru’s doubts,

Todd: [It can’t be helped. You’re a splendid source of information, but the higher-ups aren’t expecting much from your story. The information only becomes worth it when we go out and confirm it. Also…]

Subaru: [Also?]

Todd: [If this turns out to be your trap, and my group doesn’t return, our absence will inform our allies back at the encampment that it’s dangerous to enter the forest. Haha, long live Vollachia.]

Imperial Soldiers: [――Long live Vollachia!]

Making sacrifices in order to attain victory was inevitable. Todd seemed to display that with his easy-going attitude, the Imperial Soldiers following his chant with their own.

Long live Vollachia! Their voices caused the atmosphere of the forest to tremble, sounding like an indication of how devoted they were to the country that valued strength above all.

In any case――,

???: [Is this the time to be worrying about us, eh? After this is done, there’s no guarantee that your head and body will stay connected. At least do your best to humor us.]

Subaru: [Jamal-san…]

Jamal: [Don’t call my name, you shitty traitor. You’ll be cut up into pieces and dumped somewhere, and the woman and child will… hm… maybe I’ll offer them to the Womanizer, General Second-Class Zikr. He’ll definitely be overjoyed.]

Todd: [Jamal… don’t say anything too stupid. It tires me out.]

Acting as if he absolutely hated Subaru’s guts, Jamal’s gaze and voice were filled with foul intent.

Adding to that, Subaru and Rem were also not getting along with each other, so if he made Jamal hold the casting vote for the situation, then the results could very well turn out as the worst for Subaru.

As expected, it was Todd who tried to quell Jamal’s anger, saying, “Calm down,”

Todd: [Rather, don’t forget it’s us who have to humor this guy. He’ll provide us with the necessary information to save his skin. We’ll rescue him in exchange for that. If not, we’re gonna get jumped by the Shudraq the moment we arrive at the village.]

Jamal: [Bring it on. If they’re gonna pull something like that, we can exterminate…]

Todd: [――Are you serious? I can’t get on board with a fight I see no chance of winning in. You don’t want to turn your little sister into a widow before she gets married, either. Right? Brother-in-law?]

Jamal: [Gh…]

Todd persuaded Jamal, who often spoke while disregarding all thought.

Subaru caught a glimpse of the unknown relationship between them, but it unfortunately did not move his feelings. He had already steeled his resolve against Todd and his group.

――Their encounter, the situation, his luck. All of those were terrible.

Subaru: [――But, Rem is more important to me.]

That was why Subaru decided to put them in harm’s way.

Imperial Soldier: [――?]

Suddenly, at the back of the search party that was organized in a line, one of the Imperial Soldiers made a small sound in his throat. He cocked his head as if he had noticed something, searching for the cause of it in his field of view.

The faintest feeling of something being wrong. He searched for it, unable to simply ignore it, his gaze whizzing around the jungle in circles, and then――,

Imperial Soldier: [――Ah?]

Amidst the darkness of the forest, his eyes met with a red glimmer that rose to the surface.

Imperial Soldier: [It’s a Witchbeast――!!]

Other Imperial Soldiers: [――!?]

Immediately after making eye contact, the Imperial Soldier who found “it” instantaneously alerted his allies to take caution.

His reaction had been perfect up to this point, and it could be said that there was no fault on the soldier’s part. The same could be said for his allies, who readied themselves for a fight, having listened to the first soldier’s call.

However, they wasted no time in attacking the Witchbeast the moment they unsheathed their swords.

――This could be exactly noted as being rash.

Imperial Soldier: [Uwooooh!!]

An Imperial Soldier drew his sword, running through the forest and lunging at his opponent, a humongous snake that twisted its giant body around ― it was a serpentine Witchbeast, enclosed in green-colored scales and its full height around ten meters long.

Being the same species as the Witchbeast Subaru had encountered in the forest, its existence was like a bolt from the blue to the Imperial Soldiers, who did not know of the existence of Witchbeasts in the forest.

However, their attempt to deal with the Witchbeast immediately, knowing full well of how dangerous it could be, had been a mistake precisely because it was the right decision. ――The Witchbeast was not after them.

Its target was none other than Natsuki Subaru, who was shrouded in a gigantic amount of miasma.

Snake Witchbeast: [――――ϡϡ!!]

Catching the released sword strike with its scales, the large snake roared as it sent the Imperial Soldier flying with its huge tail. The red glint in its eyes gleamed savagely, and the group was hit by a tremendous bellow.

With one year that had passed ever since he started acting as a decoy against Witchbeasts, Subaru knew what it was all about, being a professional who went down this path.

Most of the time, the concerned Witchbeast would actively go after Subaru, encircled  by the miasma as he was, but it was a different story if harm were caused to the Witchbeast itself. That was their unchangeable nature, no matter if the Witchbeast was the White Whale or this snake.

The White Whale had aimed for Wilhelm, who had been chopping it up, and the gigantic snake had bore its fangs against the hunter that had shot it.

The rule took effect even in the present situation. The snake’s aim had shifted from Subaru over to the Imperial Soldiers, who were covered in matching equipment, their hostility leveled towards the Witchbeast.

Jamal: [――, a Witchbeast!? I wasn’t told about it!!]

Having the roaring snake’s malevolence directed against himself, Jamal drew out a pair of swords, his voice trembling with rage. Unexpectedly, he dauntlessly threw himself at the Witchbeast with surprising swiftness, putting his combative capabilities on display.

However, Subaru could not cheer for Jamal’s unanticipated, courageous fight.

Subaru had been meaning for this to happen, having walked in the forest with Todd for a few hours, with this objective.

The soldiers who did not know of the Witchbeast’s existence, and the Witchbeast that was pulled closer to them by Subaru’s miasma. He always made use of Witchbeasts with his body odor every time, but Subaru was also a proud “Witchbeast Master”.

He had multiple accomplishments, enough to fight against Meili with the title of the “Witchbeast Master” on the line.

However, now was not the time to fuss over that.

Subaru: [I should――]

Taking advantage of this opportunity, he would return to the encampment and free Rem.

He tried to make a break for it in order to do so, but felt dread pricking at the back of his neck. Conforming to the frightening sensation, Subaru lowered his head regardless of how ridiculous he would look in the eyes of others.

The very next moment, an axe sliced through the place where his head had previously been, wedging itself into the large tree right beside him.

Subaru: [――kh,]

He would have been dead had he not lowered his head just now.

Shaken by that fact, Subaru only moved his gaze behind him, looking at the person who had made that attempt on his life.

Subaru: [――――]

His gaze crossed Todd’s, who was glaring at him, a piercing look in his eyes.

Subaru: [――hk,]

Refusing to be caught in his gaze, Subaru began running inside the forest with all his might.

He would be caught by Todd if he stopped in his tracks. If he were caught, then Todd would unquestioningly claim his life. Those eyes had that kind of firm, strong will. They were darkened with pitch-black intent.

Subaru felt a different kind of fear compared to what he had experienced with the Sin Archbishops, Witchbeasts, and even Reid Astrea.

Those eyes were brimming with vindictiveness ― pitch-black intent to kill.

Subaru: [Gah!?]

A forceful impact penetrated Subaru’s back as he ran, unable to turn around.

What struck the area around his shoulder blade was a knife that had been thrown at him― it was returned to him in an awful manner, strangely enough.

Leaving the knife hanging from his shoulder, Subaru blew out a ragged breath, continuing his desperate escape.

Behind him, he felt like the battle between Witchbeast and Imperial Soldiers was still ongoing, but Subaru was also desperately hoping he would not be intercepted by other Witchbeasts, and that he would not be chased after by Todd as well.

Desperately, urgently, and frantically, Subaru carried on running, and ran, and ran, and ran.

Out of breath, spitting out blood, nearly tripping multiple times, actually falling over, and still running even with his whole body being covered in mud, he was growing more frenzied to return to the Empire’s camp.

Subaru: [Rem… Rem… Re, m…]

Growing slower to the point a walking child would be faster, panting for breath with his dried throat, and in a condition in which his oxygen and stamina and mental fortitude were on the verge of running out, Subaru clung to the only attachment he had.

He would reach Rem, bring Rem out of that place, save Rem, and go back home, back where everyone was.

He would return to the place where Emilia and Beatrice, Ram and Petra and Frederica, Garfiel and Otto, and even Roswaal were at, and then, he would give Rem her peaceful, mellow time back.

The time she was supposed to have spent, her dear time, like that――,

Subaru: [――Ah,]

Reaching his hand out as if seeking for such a fleeting dream, Subaru’s legs kicked empty air.

Losing his footing abruptly and unable to use his arms to support his unbalanced posture, he plunged downwards head-first.

Towards somewhere, he was falling upside down. He couldn’t scream. His throat wouldn’t open.

Falling. Purely, utterly, simply, falling.

Descending, plummeting down. Almost as if his dreams were bursting apart like a bubble, faint and broken.

Subaru: [――Rem.]

Sounding empty and meaningless, he let out a hoarse voice, and Subaru’s consciousness was cut off during that moment.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: […Until when do you plan on sleeping, fool?]

Subaru: [Gah?!]

Subaru’s consciousness was pulled up from the depths of the abyss by a sudden strike.

The blow to his temple felt almost as if the side of his head had been stepped on ― No, not almost as if, rather, that was exactly what had happened.

As far as he could tell, the right side of his head was being pushed into the ground while the left was being stepped on. Resulting in the sharp sandwich of pain that awoke him.

Subaru: […Wha… t? I’m… ugh…]

Tasting blood in the back of his throat, Subaru sat up in a daze.

Suddenly, Subaru became acutely aware of the intense pain that emanated from his right shoulder, back, left hand, legs and various other places on his body.

The terrible agony caused his field of vision to turn red, his body falling back on the floor and he shivered like a fish on dry land.

The adrenaline allowed him to ignore the pain for a bit, but that had been the result of having passed out and returned to consciousness. However, each part of his body hurting like this meant―

Subaru: [I’m not… dead.]

???: [Obviously. Do the dead speak? I will say, your reaction entertains me more than some second-rate jester’s half baked acts. I will grant you a compliment for that.]

Subaru: [Hah?]

The word slipped out of a dumbfounded Subaru who was doing a once over on himself as he was showered in arrogant speech.

As his understanding caught up to what had been said, Subaru slowly rose again, wary of the pain that would return.

Looking at his surroundings, Subaru could see thick branches protruding from the ground where he’d been lying― No, it was a wooden lattice.

Remembering Rem for the umpteenth time, Subaru realised he was imprisoned in a wooden cage. His head was in further chaos.

No way, did he fail to escape and was once again captured by Todd and his group? He started to fret―

???: [Do not panic. Your pursuers are not here. Although to say everything is alright would be a rather bold lie to the current predicament we are in.]

Subaru: [You’re…]

???: [Seriously, I never thought I would look upon your face again, Natsuki Subaru.]

Like that, his companion smirked and laughed, calling the wide-eyed Subaru by name.

Because he wore a mask and so only the shape of his eyes could be seen, it was not possible to say for sure that he was smiling, yet Subaru could tell.

Trapped in the same wooden cage and situation as Subaru, that arrogant masked man laughed.

We recommend that you read this Short Story after this chapter, that takes place from the masked man’s side!

--- Chapter 10: The People of Shudraq ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Faced by that conceited and prideful smile flashing through his mask, Subaru held his breath.

There was no difference between this arrogant man and the man who had shown Subaru the way and given him the knife, when he had gotten separated from Rem at the grassland. Subaru could not say for sure because of his masked appearance, but he remembered his voice as well as his attitude. The fact that the man knew his name also proved it.

Subaru: [――――]

Laid on the bare ground inside the wooden cage, Subaru’s fate seemed to be continuing onwards instead of being cut off, even though his whole body was worn out, not just his hands and feet.

He had entered the forest, bringing Todd and the Imperial Soldiers together with him, summoned the Witchbeast by luring it with his miasma, tried to escape by taking advantage of the opportunity that had arisen after making the Witchbeast attack the soldiers, and――,

Subaru: [And then, I…]

Masked man: [From what I have heard, it seems like you had been caught in a trap while loitering around the forest. Those of the village were making a great fuss over a human being caught in a trap meant for capturing beasts.]

Subaru: [A trap, and village…?]

Receiving an explanation from the masked man, Subaru shook his pounding head, as he directed his attention outside of the cage.

The wooden cage that imprisoned him was of poor construction, compared to the ones he had seen in the Imperial Soldiers’ camp, which were in turn made out of iron. It looked simple, or more like it had been built in a rush.

And then, outside of the cage, he saw groups of tall trees, and land that had been created by clearing a part of the forest ― Subaru’s impression was something close to the village in the Sanctuary.

The Sanctuary was also a village built deep inside a forest, called the Forest of Kremaldy. However, unlike the Sanctuary which had buildings such as houses and a church despite existing in a forest, the village here only had log cabins, putting it nicely, and primitive dwellings, if put in a bad way.

Subaru thought it would be better to beat around the bush by saying they preferred being naturalistic.

Besides, what was more important to Subaru was not the shabby-looking village, but who lived here.

That meant――,

Subaru: [――The People of Shudraq?]

Masked man: [Huh, so you did know. Well, looking at your unsightly state, I suppose you were burdened with hardships all within a single day. Have you found the woman you had been separated from?]

Subaru: […Yeah, thanks to you.]

As the man questioned him after hearing what he had mumbled out, Subaru breathed out a deep sigh.

The masked man did not soften his confident attitude. However, he was also inside the cage, much like Subaru. Unless he was an important member of the village and had a commendable preference of entering the cage together with his captive, they would be in the same exact position.

Subaru had already been held captive at the Empire’s camp, but he had gotten captured here as well.

However, there were a few points that told him that wasn’t all it amounted to.

Subaru: [――The wounds on my shoulder and back… did they treat my injuries?]

Touching his shoulder and back, Subaru knew the bleeding had been stopped, judging from the sensation of something being fastened tightly against his wounds. The pungent scent that stung his nostrils felt similar to a sort of liquid medicine, such as disinfectant.

The masked man sniffed at Subaru’s doubts with a, “Hmph,”

Masked man: [You would have died just like that had your injuries been left untreated. Those of the village must have been confused with how to handle you. Wondering what is the correct choice, similarly to myself.]

Subaru: [Where do you get your composure from…]

Masked man: [If I must say, then it is from my soul. Rather, when will you stop exhibiting such disgraceful behavior? Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: [It’s none of your――]

Business , he tried to retort, before grinding the back of his teeth together from the pain brought by his wounds.

His injuries had been bandaged only the bare minimum as to not let Subaru die, not to close his wounds rapidly, nor to get rid of the pain. In contrast to what he had received at the Empire’s camp, he was in an inferior environment.

As he thought about the Empire’s camp, Subaru had a realization.

He had a reason for having to arrive at the camp as soon as possible.

Subaru: [Damn… how long has it been since I was brought here!?]

Masked man: [――. Hmm, around two hours, perhaps. I will tell you beforehand, but I am being lenient enough with you already. If I did not think much of it, then I would have woken you s――]

Subaru: [Why didn’t you wake me sooner!?]

Masked man: [――――]

As Subaru sank down on his trembling knees complaining, the man narrowed his eyes.

To him, it would look like Subaru was picking a fight with him, something that was uncalled for. As for why he had let Subaru stay asleep for two whole hours, who had been on the verge of death, covered with cuts and bruises upon being brought in, it was because he had deemed rest to be necessary, probably.

After that, if his act of stepping on Subaru’s head had been an offense carried out by his impatience, then it could be said he was also the owner of a Vollachia-like nature. However, if so――,

Subaru: [You should’ve reached the end of your patience sooner.]

Masked man: [What a strange thing to say. Do you understand what you are saying? You are telling me that you wished I had stepped on your head sooner.]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s what I’m saying! What else… ugh, kh…!]

As he continued blurting out unreasonable, irrational logic, his vision flashed red.

His whole body was aching, but what caused him the most pain was on his back, the newly created stab wound in the vicinity of his shoulder blade ― the blow from Todd using the knife, who targeted the escaping Subaru the last time they met.

Thinking back, the knife he had been stabbed with was the same one he had been given by the masked man in front of him. Reuniting with him, in an injured state, due to the wound his knife had inflicted on him, seemed like an unfortunate chain of events.

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [I left Rem at the Empire’s camp… Before the Imperial Soldiers I sicced against the Witchbeasts return there, if I don’t go back, then Rem will…]

There was no time until Todd’s group left the forest, returned to their camp, and finished reporting everything to the higher-ups.

When the giant snake broke the soldiers’ formation into disarray, Jamal and the others had naturally dealt with the Witchbeast as a priority. However, among them, only Todd had made killing Subaru his first concern.

Todd might have suspected it had been Subaru who had drawn the Witchbeast towards them. And then, in order to make sure another would not be attracted, Todd had attempted to dispose of him immediately on the spot. His judgement and his ability to get things done ― what he had demonstrated within that single moment could not, and should not be underestimated.

At least, Subaru had put emphasis on how he was not even related to Rem and Louis in the slightest, having intended to place the impression that any information on him could not be gleaned from them, but――,

Masked man: [If there is no definite evidence, then they are capable of trying out torture.]

There was a certain terrorizing aspect to Todd and the Vollachia Empire that led Subaru to believe it.

To make sure they could not carry out such a thing, Subaru had to go back and save Rem.

But――,

Subaru: [In a place like this…!]

Masked man: [――. I see. Judging from your words, that “Rem” is the woman you were searching for. It seems like you have gone through a considerable experience after you parted ways with me. Is it about the Imperial Soldiers outside the forest?]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right! I was held captive by them! And then, I played a trick on them so I could run away… but, I couldn’t bring Rem with me. So…]

Masked man: [So that is the origin of your desperation. No wonder you appear to have grown accustomed to being a captive.]

Subaru: [Who looks accustomed to being a captive!? In the first place――]

The masked man was in the same predicament as him, wasn’t he?

Although Subaru was indebted to him, he nearly shouted in anger as he did not have the mental capacity to think about anything else at the moment. However, a sudden realization stunted his rash behavior.

Subaru: [――――]

Amidst that exchange of harsh words, having been focused on his argument with the masked man, Subaru felt a new pair of eyes boring into the side of his face.

When he turned around, he saw two specks of light outside the cage, peeking inside from between the bars. Building a picture of the person, Subaru saw that those were green-colored eyes.

The owner of the pair of eyes blinked when Subaru’s gaze turned towards them,

???: [――Ah, he noticed Uu .]

Subaru: [Wha…]

???: [Need to tell Mii .]

Saying that, the person swiftly distanced itself from the wooden lattice. Subaru tried to stop them, calling out, “Wait!” but his words did not make it in time.

By the time he threw himself at the bars of the cage, the person had already vacated the area, sprinting away without taking any notice of him.

Subaru: [Just now, that was…]

Masked man: [A Shudraqian girl. She must be very inquisitive. Even when I was by myself, she paid a few visits and even peered inside. “Show me your face!”, “Take off your mask!”, she was saying. Her irksomeness knows no bounds…]

Subaru: [――――]

The masked man grumbled as he crossed his arms, seemingly dissatisfied by the attitude of the sneaky person.

Unfortunately, Subaru did not have the mind to respond to his complaints. That was because his focus had been stolen away by the person who had just left――the young girl.

She was a young girl with brown skin, somewhere around ten years old.

She wore a light outfit that exposed her skin, having white clothes wrapped around her body. It was probably a choice of attire that had been made to adapt to this land, which gave off the feeling of a subtropical zone.

The reason for the pink tips of her uniquely colored, bob cut-esque hair was because it had been dyed, most likely. The roots of her hair were black, matching Todd’s explanation of the Shudraqians having black hair.

However, what shocked Subaru the most about  the girl’s appearance was not how peculiar she looked, but the fact that was not the first time he had seen her.

Subaru: [She’s…]

The one who killed me , Subaru’s memories insisted.

She was the girl who had used a poisoned arrow to shoot Subaru in the back, resulting in his death.

With the jungle having been set on fire because of Subaru’s careless remark, the girl had escaped from the land where those spreading flames blazed, glaring at Subaru with hate-filled eyes――.

Subaru connected the dots together.

Back then, the girl had been glowering at Subaru with an expression of pure abhorrence for only a single reason. ――Retribution towards the cause that had incinerated both her land and allies into ashes.

Masked man: [Why did you suddenly become so meek, as if just doused with water?]

Subaru: [――ah.]

As Subaru bit his lip with his head resting against the wooden lattice, the voice came out from over his shoulder.

The masked man had been sitting in the same position from the start, and watched Subaru and his violently fluctuating emotions intently.

Masked man: [You are a difficult man to grasp. In any event, it’s good if you rant and rave. It will be troublesome if it gets quiet here. Idleness is a waste of energy too. Without each and every shout――]

Subaru: [Without shouting…?]

Masked man: [――From over there, they shall arrive to hear our conversation. Look.]

In the direction the man had jerked his chin, Subaru turned around and opened his eyes wide.

A flame slowly illuminated the gloomy view ― It was the light of a torch. The figures of several people appeared, holding the torches in hand, headed towards the cage Subaru and the man were inside.

Leading them was a woman of tall stature with a strong, well-trained body. The woman appeared to have hair originally black in color, but had been dyed red, and her dark-brown-skinned face and body were covered in designs of white paint. Her green eyes conveyed a strong sense of purpose that left a powerful impression.

Hiding behind such a woman, happened to be the little girl from before. A group of about ten people had come their way, and all of them appeared to be women.

Subaru: [――――]

However, Subaru was involuntarily overpowered by that feeling of oppression.

The wild air of the group was unlike the chivalric Order of Knights of Lugunica, or even unlike what he had seen of the Vollachian military; it had a beauty like that of a troop of beasts that were commanded by instinct.

The impression was one of a group built on instinct at its core, rather than logic.

Subaru held that sort of impression on their development, and as they stood before the cage in which they had imprisoned Subaru, the women ― The People of Shudraq , fixed their gazes on the two people inside the cage.

And then――,

???: [Looks like you’re up huh . ――You lot, who the hell are you lot anyway ?]

The question was asked of Subaru and the masked man together.

(T/N: The Shudraqians have a unique speaking style that places emphasis on the last syllable of each sentence. We’ve chosen to represent this using italics.)

△▼△▼△▼△

――Who are you?

It was relatively common in stories, but in practice, it was the kind of question that was not often asked.

A situation where someone was suspicious of your identity and questioned you was not exactly a normal event in real life. Whether on the side of the questioner or the listener, with the exception of businesses such things needed to be asked, you could potentially go your whole life without having said those words.

In that sense, it was a question Subaru was not familiar with.

Nevertheless, he could still clearly recall the first time in his life that he heard that question.

Who is Subaru and what is his purpose?

The first time Subaru was asked that, the question had come from none other than Rem, who had doubted his identity at the mansion.

Subaru: [Not you, but you lot…?]

As he tried to shake off those memories, he questioned the question.

Although they were put in the same prison, the connection between Subaru and the masked man was flimsy. Or rather, it was for convenience that they had been put in the same prison, and Subaru’s level of involvement was equal to zero.

Was it not a rather careless way of thinking, to treat them as if they were the same because of that?

Masked man: [Do not get caught up in trivial matters. I have informed them that you and I are acquainted with each other. That is the sole reason for the inquiry.]

Subaru: [You…gh! Saying we know each other… That’s taking it a bit far no?!]

Masked man: [I did not lie. If we looked upon each other, you and I would both know the identity of the other. What more is required to consider someone else a person you are acquainted with?]

Subaru: [W-what an unreasonable tone…]

It was an excessively high-handed way of speaking, but Subaru remembered that high-handed tone.

There was one person he knew in particular, a character who would wield that sort of logic to talk down to Subaru and other people.

Such troublesome people, the thought as to whether there were many more like them made Subaru’s head dizzy but――,

???: [Oi, what are you talking about all sneaky- like . Answer the question .]

Subaru: [Ah, ah, my name is Natsuki Subaru. As you can see, a pitiful, worn-out and miserable lost child! And next, the one behind me is… umm?]

Masked man: [――Abel.]

Subaru: [Right, Abel! He wears a mask to hide his face and has an arrogant and disagreeable personality, but he also hands knives to people who are lost. He’s a playboy who’s made many girls cry due to the gap brought about by that element of unpredictability, so at this time please go ahead and introduce yourself!]

(T/N: Subaru uses the english word gap here which is a reference to “gap moe”: the unexpected cuteness of a character when they do something completely different to their usual personality.)

???: [Oh, ohh…? I’m Mizelda but …]

Overwhelmed by the energy with which Subaru pressed for an answer, the lead woman ―  Mizelda gave her name.

As Subaru took the time to look properly at the opposing party, starting with Mizelda, an extremely fitting word to describe the aura of the women came to mind. Amazons .

They were of a small tribe composed mainly of women, with strong, disciplined bodies and body paint that seemed to fit the image, and some even carried bows.

Subaru definitely recognized the People of Shudraq as Amazons.

Subaru: [To be honest, I was actually surprised that Mask Man’s name turned out to be Abel but…]

Abel: [――――]

Subaru: [Let’s put that off for now! Listen to me, Mizelda-san, and everyone of Shudraq!]

Having put off the allusion to the masked man ― Abel, Subaru raised his voice to the assembled women.

Judging from appearances, it was no use arguing with the women, as they seemed to have no intention of killing Subaru. That much could be surmised from how they had treated him and the fact that they showed willingness to listen to what he had to say.

In that case, if he talked with them sincerely and earnestly, they might understand.

Subaru: [You might already know this, but outside this forest an encampment of Imperial Soldiers is being established. A girl who is very important to me is being held captive there, and if I don’t return immediately it could be dangerous! So please, let me go!]

Mizelda: [――――]

Subaru: [After that, the soldiers are aiming for the People of Shudraq. They said it’d be fine if they could talk but, in the worst case, they are also prepared for battle. If that happens, I…]

Will help smooth things over , he was going to say, but he shut his mouth.

If it could be achieved, there might not be a battle between the Imperial Soldiers and the People of Shudraq, but most likely, it would be impossible for Subaru to help with that.

Todd and his group recognized Subaru as the main culprit who had sprung the Witchbeast trap on them. Since he could not be trusted, that would be asking too much.

Subaru had precisely weighed the options of Rem and Todd.

And he chose to harm them in order to help Rem. He could not escape the responsibility of that choice.

Subaru: [Sorry, let me correct myself. The truth is the soldiers are targeting everyone in Shudraq. There are quite a number of people in the camp, so even if you fight…]

Mizelda: [――You saying we’d lose ?]

Subaru: [Ah…]

Because of the discrepancy in resources and strategies that could be taken, it was undeniable that they were at a disadvantage.

Interrupting Subaru as he tried to convey that, Mizelda spoke bluntly in a quiet voice. Hearing that reaction, Subaru understood he had chosen the wrong words.

The People of Shudraq were likely a tribe of hunters.

Those who honed their skills and were constantly improving their abilities. The method of trying to persuade them with the point that they would lose the fight could easily set them off. It was an argument that should not be made.

Mizelda: [About the Vollachian soldiers coming, we know . But there is an old promise between those guys and us . There shouldn’t be conflict. ]

Subaru: [―― hk , no, wait! I don’t know anything about that promise but, even so, those guys are serious about you…]

Mizelda: [ Enough !]

Subaru: [―― gh !]

Subaru tried to get closer, but was struck through the wooden lattice and fell over from the impact. Mizelda had banged her fist against the bars, but it was her eyes that conveyed her indignation.

Once again, Subaru had chosen the wrong words.

Just like taking pride in a fight, old promises and the like were important to them.

Subaru had trampled on that, rudely and unknowingly. Again.

Mizelda: [The Vollachian soldiers moved their troops outside the forest to train . They have done that many times .]

Subaru: [Moving troops to train… What, like a military exercise?]

It seemed that term was unfamiliar, and Mizelda frowned at Subaru’s words. However, Subaru was gradually beginning to see the big picture of the trap that had been set by the Vollachian side.

It was common for Vollachian soldiers to set up encampments around the Buddheim Jungle, in the name of military exercises. The People of Shudraq were accustomed to it. By taking advantage of their inattention to those exercises, the Vollachian military was going to surround the Buddheim Jungle, and capture all of the People of Shudraq in one fell swoop.

If that was their concern――,

Subaru: [Why go so far to aim for these people?]

Of course, much like Mizelda, who stood before his eyes, the People of Shudraq were an undoubtedly powerful tribe.

However, Subaru had no idea why Vollachia would have to send an army to siege the jungle and capture them.

With the current state of affairs, they looked like they would be unwilling to leave the forest. They lived, breathed, and laboured here.

And yet――,

Mizelda: [Neither Natsuki Subaru nor Abel speak the truth . In which case they do not suit us. ]

Subaru: [―― gh , are you serious?]

Mizelda: [――――]

Mizelda shook her head back and forth, signalling the end of the conversation.

None of the People of Shudraq offered any counter-arguments against her dispassionate rejection. It seemed as though she was the leader of the current group of Shudraqians, if not the entire settlement.

Obeying her commands, the People of Shudraq turned their backs on Subaru’s accusations and decided to leave him and Abel be.

Still carrying their torches, the group started to leave.

Subaru: [Wait! It’s not a lie! It’s not a lie! Everyone’s in danger! The promise… The promise will be broken! Everyone’s in, Rem’s also in danger!]

Watching them disperse, Subaru desperately tried to warn them.

However, having already received the decision of their leader, the People of Shudraq would not stop. The only one who acknowledged him in the slightest was the little girl, who glanced at him periodically. Even then, she did it as she walked away.

Subaru shouted himself hoarse, hacking up bloody phlegm. Still, no one would listen to him.

Subaru: [ Khoff … Damn, it. Why, is it always like this…!]

Sinking down into the ground, Subaru bemoaned his situation as he hit his forehead against the bars.

He could not even vent out his anger on the cage. His right hand was unusable due to the injury on his shoulder and his left hand still held broken fingers. Subaru was a useless person, riddled with wounds, and his speech could not even be persuasive.

If that was the case, what worth did Natsuki Subaru have left?

Subaru: […Is it just how bad I am at giving up and my slyness?]

His eyes clouded over as he tasted despair. However, Subaru determinedly refused to admit defeat. He would grit his teeth and rise above.

If it were the Subaru of the past, he would have set his limits on a whim.

Looking back at the events that had happened until this point, he recognised that the path he had walked to get here had not been an easy one. The Subaru of the now was a little different.

He got slightly worse at giving up. That was the light that guided him on his pitch-black path.

Abel: [That was a rather pointless discussion that was had.]

Subaru: [――――]

Those words mixed with disdain and scorn reached Subaru, who was currently gripping on to the bars, scheming for a way to create a gap where he could slip through.

Though it was irritating, he could not retort. Subaru had in fact splendidly stepped on a taboo landmine and failed the negotiations. He was surely at the peak of thoughtlessness.

However――,

Subaru: [If that was pointless, wouldn’t that mean there was no point for you too? Anyway, didn’t I tell you? There are dangerous people in the jungle, so don’t go inside.]

Abel: [Yes, that is correct. Those instructions became my guidance. I shall give my thanks for that.]

Subaru: [But you still got caught even after being told that. I feel so helpless… Dammit, isn’t it loose anywhere?]

Even after hitting the wooden cage with his body, there were no signs of breakage anywhere. The log-like bars had been inserted deep into the ground individually and were sturdy enough to believe that heavy machinery had been used in its construction.

Of course, since no such machinery existed in this world, it had to be the product of manual labour. Either they had done it with a large number of people, or they had someone among their ranks with superhuman strength somewhere on the level of Emilia and Garfiel.

Subaru: [What a thing they’ve built, considering the whole place is full of girls…]

Abel: [Do not underestimate the People of Shudraq. They are a matriarchal tribe that birth only women, and have lived in this jungle for hundreds of years as descendants of war gods. They have no need for males, except to birth their children. It is even customary to abduct those males from elsewhere.]

Subaru: [They’re Amazons for real… Wait, don’t tell me the reason we’re caught is…]

Capturing males, using them as tools to make offspring.

That notion and line of thinking only existed in places like poor, mountainous villages of old. Even so, being that he was in a foreign country in another world, where Subaru’s normal would not apply, this could be a very real belief held by people.

Abel mockingly laughed at Subaru’s words however,

Abel: [Calm yourself. They choose their children. ――Any child of a person who speaks falsehoods to attempt to deceive them would only end up a disgrace. That kind of offspring is not desired, I imagine.]

Subaru: […Falsehoods]

Accepting Abel’s statement, Subaru cursed his incompetent attempt at an explanation.

The reason Mizelda and the other Shudraqians had not believed him, though in part due to his impatience, was because of his poor setup of an argument.

If one did not understand what the opponent’s characteristics were, and where did their pride lay, even an argument full of sincerity and seriousness would not be any different from an insult or physical offense. It would not be different at all.

Subaru: [But, it’s no lie. The Empire’s soldiers are targeting the Shudraqians. And…]

Abel: [And…?]

Subaru: [As a last resort… Actually, no. As a first resort, they’ll set this whole place on fire.]

At Subaru’s declaration, Abel for the first time quietly held his breath.

The flaming jungle had been an event that occurred after Todd had learned of the Witchbeast lurking in the woods. Last time, the Imperial Army had chosen to burn away the Buddheim Jungle going off Subaru’s testimony only.

If they confirmed the Witchbeast’s existence themselves, the forest being burnt down would be difficult to avoid.

Subaru: […Though, if Todd and the others got wiped out, that’d be a different story.]

He had already heavily considered that possibility after deciding to incite the Witchbeast.

Calling upon an potentially deadly enemy was tantamount to indirect murder. Knowing this, Subaru had gone ahead with his bait plan nonetheless. In reality, people might have actually died.

Thinking about this, a lump grew heavy in his chest. His heart pained like it was being stuffed.

Nevertheless, setting aside the feelings of aversion and guilt for those murders as ones he would carry for life, he focused on another, more important point ― Todd and the others had, most likely, not been completely wiped out.

Subaru: [――――]

Todd’s group was around twenty people strong, all with little to no experience fighting Witchbeasts.

Even so, adding together Todd’s decision-making to Jamal’s surprising assertiveness, it was impossible to hope for that one Snake Witchbeast to destroy the entire group.

Naturally, it was better to believe that Todd’s group had survived, and were retreating back to the camp from the jungle.

After getting back to the camp, Todd’s group would report on Subaru’s betrayal and the existence of the Witchbeast. Depending on the situation, they could still believe that Subaru was one of the People of Shudraq and have concluded that the Shudraqians had taken an offensive course of action against them.

If that were to happen, it would be the same as last time. Wanting to minimise casualties, the Imperial Soldiers would set the jungle ablaze without hesitation. ― The People of Shudraq would no doubt be burnt to a crisp.

Abel: [――What is that, that look in your eye.]

Subaru: [Nothing…]

Abel commented on Subaru’s gaze. Subaru immediately looked away, but was still preoccupied with thoughts on Abel’s end in the last loop.

Most likely, Abel had been captured by the People of Shudraq, similar to the current situation. In those circumstances, considering the jungle had been set on fire, he had probably perished in flames alongside them.

It was a stretch to think that the People of Shudraq would help someone like a prisoner escape from that inferno. Worst case scenario, he had not been able to escape the cage in time and burned to death.

If that were the case――,

Subaru: [――The People of Shudraq, Abel. I basically killed all of them.]

His own life, Rem’s life, Abel’s life and the People of Shudraq’s lives. He did not want to lose any of them.

That was why Subaru would stand up and devise a way to break out of his current predicament.

Abel: [Do you not understand it is useless? They are not a group so lacking that they would leave an opening for someone of your strength. Much less someone as injured as you are. Why do you exert yourself that far for just one woman?]

Abel said to Subaru in exasperation, the latter continuing to grip onto the wood, still fervently resisting.

Those words lit a fire in Subaru.

Subaru: [It’s because that girl to me, isn’t just one woman . That isn’t nearly enough to describe her. There’s no replacement. Rem is, the one and only Rem.]

Abel: [――――]

Subaru: [And you. Do you have the time to be picking on me constantly? I don’t know why you’re here, but surely you’re not going “ Yeah I’m finished, I’m done”, after being caught are ya?]

Upon first meeting him, Abel had worn his concealment cloak and looked as though he had come to the jungle to fulfill some task. Even if that were not the case, he was the type of person to readily give away a knife. Which, according to Todd, was the sort of knife that would only be gifted by an Emperor.

To say that he was here for no reason at all would be a fact difficult to imagine and quite frankly unbelievable.

Subaru: [Sitting on the cold ground over there, what do you want to do?]

Abel: [――I was merely waiting for an opportunity.]

Abel responded deathly quietly to Subaru’s question.

His response had been unlike the goading and mocking comments previously made to Subaru. It held a different tone, sounding more like Abel’s true feelings, spilled out into words.

Subaru: [Waiting for an, opportunity? Opportunity as in, a chance ? What chance were you waiting for…]

Abel: [I do not know of this chance you speak of, but I was waiting for the pieces to be set. Until they had been organised, any unnecessary action by myself would have muddied the waters. That is why I was forced to observe. Actually, I believed having the group outside the jungle make their move first was the correct move, however…]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [If they are willing to burn down this jungle, I cannot be sitting here cross-legged forever.]

Saying that, Abel uncrossed his arms and slowly stood up.

Looking at his long and slender posture, Subaru froze stiff in surprise at his words.

Abel: [What is the matter? That stupefied face of yours. That is quite a disrespectful face you are presenting me with.]

Subaru: [Dun-dunno about disrespectful but… You, believe what I said? Cause, the People of Shudraq…]

Abel: [I did not believe you. Tainting their pride, rejecting the age-old promise which is held with great respect, saying it amounts to nothing. Truly, it was a failed negotiation for the ages.]

Subaru: [ Uguu…u ]

He knew that there was no defense for his choice of words, so it left him no choice but to be pummeled by Abel’s assessment.

As Subaru frowned, Abel continued his speech with, “But…”. And then, through his disguise, he gazed at Subaru, who raised his head――,

Abel: [I am not a part of the Shudraqians. Their pride and meaningful contracts are as good as dust. What is necessary is the truth you brought about, free of any falsehood.]

Subaru: […What will you do if I am lying?]

Abel: [It is obvious. ――You shall pay with your life.]

His words were heavy, carrying a clear distinction from those who spoke of death in jest.

Abel was earnestly telling Subaru to atone with his death , should he make a wrong move. This was neither a game, nor was it said on a whim, but it was a scene that would put his real determination to the test.

Getting that feeling from Abel, Subaru subconsciously straightened his posture.

He stopped fighting the bars of the cage before he knew it, facing Abel, who was right in front of him. Staring into Subaru’s black eyes, the menacing look inside of the piercing light in Abel’s eyes intensified.

Abel: [You are to choose each and every one of your words with utmost care, Natsuki Subaru. ――Do you have the resolve to sacrifice everything, in order to save what you desire to save?]

Subaru: [――――]

His question had been straightforward, unforgiving of any hesitation to answer, as well as any lies being stated.

If Subaru answered it by interweaving truth and fiction, he would be a dead man. Yes, the man called Abel held a certain power in his voice, enough to make Subaru put his trust in him.

Subaru received Abel’s question in his heart.

Did he have the necessary resolve to save everything, to save what he wanted to save, at the cost of sacrificing everything else?

His answer to the question would be――,

Subaru: [――I don’t have the resolve to do that.]

Abel: [――――]

Subaru: [All I can offer is myself. ――If it’s just that, then I can put all of it on the line.]

Instead of his right arm that had been stabbed, Subaru put the arm with broken fingers on his chest, responding to the inquiry.

It was Subaru’s answer to Abel’s question, containing not a speck of dishonesty.

Even if he were told to forfeit everything and everyone, there was no way he would be able to accept that.

In order to do so, this world had too many things important to Subaru, and too many radiant things he had not witnessed yet.

That was why――,

Abel: [You gave me a presumptuous answer, you vexing jester.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [However, you did not state any falsehoods. In that case, you will not be incinerated.]

Subaru realized his life had been spared, after Abel stated that as a result of hearing the answer to his question.

Cold sweat suddenly began flowing out of his body, and he understood that his life was in the palm of Abel’s hand.

As Subaru had evaluated Abel earlier, when they first came across each other at the grassland, he was not extraordinarily strong.

Comparing the masked man to the powerful people Subaru had either seen, or interacted with in the past and to this day, his strength did not step over the bounds of an ordinary person. However, even considering that, Subaru felt as if he just had narrowly escaped death.

A power dissimilar to pure physical strength and sword skills resided within Abel. That was what Subaru thought.

Abel: [Then, that will save us time. ――Hey, you. The girl over there.]

???: [Ukyan!?]

Ignoring Subaru, who was sweating heavily from having his life spared, Abel suddenly called out to someone. Immediately, a small cry was emitted from the shadows, reacting to the tone of his voice.

When Subaru spun around in surprise, he saw a girl staring shyly at them under the shade of a tree ahead of Abel’s line of sight.

The girl, with the tips of her hair dyed pink, hurriedly tried to escape from the gazes of Subaru and Abel, but――,

Abel: [You will lose your opportunity if you run, girl. Surely, that must not be what you intend.]

Girl: [Ough…]

Beaten to the punch by Abel, the girl groaned softly. After that, with an embarrassed look on her face, she walked towards them with dejected steps.

And then, her lips trembled as she said, “Uu is, Uu is…”

Girl: [Mii said not to listen to men . But, Uu is curious . Curious about you .]

Subaru: […Me?]

Saying that, the girl who had called herself “Uu” pointed a finger in Subaru’s direction. Receiving the unexpected indication that she was curious about him, Subaru widened his eyes while the girl nodded at him.

Girl: [You were doing your best . We are in danger . But, Mii won’t listen .]

Subaru: [Ah…]

Girl: [Why were you trying so hard ? You have nothing to do with us .]

Why were you interfering, even though you have nothing to do with us?

Subaru’s breath hitched for a moment, wondering if his nosiness was being pointed out. However, the girl’s words did not seem to have that purpose. She was genuinely inquisitive.

Why was Subaru desperate about not only himself, but the People of Shudraq as well?

The answer to that was something not even Subaru himself knew, but――,

Subaru: […I think, I don’t want you to have that expression on your face.]

Girl: [――?]

Subaru: [I don’t want you to have that… feeling of having to loathe your enemies, clouded by hatred.]

The girl who had shot her opponent with a poisoned arrow, watching his death to the end with hate-filled eyes.

To this day, the girl’s feelings of loathing, and his guilt from the extreme events that had led her to that point, still remained in his eyes. They were surging up and whirling around. They had morphed into thorns, causing him pain.

That… must not be piled on top of one other. It must never recur.

There was nothing better than not Returning by Death.

However, by losing his life, in a world where he had to start over, if there was a way he could bring the people involved with him onto a better path――,

Subaru: [I think… the purpose of me trying my best with all my might lies there.]

Girl: […Uu doesn’t understand .]

Despite hearing his answer, what he had really meant had been not conveyed to the girl. It was only natural. Speak of this to someone who did not know of Return by Death, and they would not understand a thing.

And Subaru was not thinking of having her understand that, either. Knowing that such a reality had existed was an unnecessary addition to the girl’s life.

Abel: [――Are you satisfied? It should be the same for me and you, to not have the time for a long chat.]

Subaru: [Ye… yeah, sorry.]

Uninterested in the conversation between Subaru and the girl, Abel cut it off without any hesitation.

When he turned to face the girl, she grew tense and gazed up at him, perhaps perceiving the same pressure Subaru had felt previously.

Abel: [I do not plan on blithering on with you, girl. The woman from earlier… Mizelda, was it? Bring that one here. That is the chieftain, no?]

Girl: [ Mii ? What will you talk about with Mii ?]

Abel: [It is trivial. I merely have a suggestion to make.]

Girl: [Suggestion?]

Stared at by Subaru and the girl, who were tilting their heads, Abel nodded deeply.

And then, he smiled just as Subaru had expected, although it could not be seen under his mask,

Abel: [――Tell her that we will be undergoing the Lifeblood Ritual. It is the fastest way to persuade them.]

He told her, just like that.

--- Chapter 11: The Lifeblood Ritual ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [――So what’s this “Lifeblood Ritual”?]

Abel: [An absolutely unignorable custom belonging to the people of Shudraq, who place great value on pride and commitment. We will hear more about it from them. More importantly…]

Abel stared at Subaru, only giving him a rough answer to his question.

The Shudraqian girl had set off to deliver Abel’s earlier message to the chief, Mizelda, leaving only Subaru and Abel behind.

Meaning that the time they had left for a private chat was limited.

Abel: [Fill me in, you said you were taken prisoner in an encampment outside the forest, right. How did they treat you?]

Subaru: […I’ve got to thank them for the injuries to my shoulder and back. That, and they made me do some odd jobs.]

To be precise, the odd jobs and abuse had happened in different loops, however, pressured by Abel’s intimidating atmosphere, Subaru had blurted it all out.

Abel narrowed his eyes, letting out a “Hmmm” upon hearing him, before looking at Subaru’s left hand,

Abel: [Seeing that you did not touch on the matter of your fingers, I guess that must be a different issue. It must have been done to you by the woman you were after.]

Subaru: [ Ugh … What’s that got to do with this!?]

Abel: [It serves as proof that you are a fool to yearn for a woman who goes and breaks your fingers.]

It was hard to say that Abel’s statement was one that described Subaru and Rem’s relationship appropriately. However, Subaru had neither the time nor the obligation to dwell on it with him, and fill him in on the details.

Then, Abel quickly shifted his focus from the state of Subaru’s left hand.

Abel: [So, by saying you have performed “odd jobs”, you are implying that you have seen inside the camp. What is the layout like? Rack your empty brains, draw it out from your memory.]

Subaru: [There were a bunch of tents, and when it comes to the number of people in the camp… Hey, what’s up with that?]

Abel: [Do you not get it? It goes without saying, that the people you saw were…]

Abel snorted at Subaru after asking him one question after another, the latter’s face scrunched into a frown.

However, Abel was unable to answer Subaru’s question, due to the sound of several footsteps pattering towards the cage again.

They belonged to Mizelda, and her group, being dragged along by the girl.

Mizelda: [I heard everything from Utakata . She said you’re both going to take the Lifeblood Ritual .]

Mizelda, her hair dyed red, placed her hand on the head of the girl clinging to her leg ― the girl called Utakata. Then she sent a piercing look at both Subaru and Abel.

Her gaze was filled with sharpness that rivalled the drive from earlier, when Subaru had trampled over their pride as warriors.

Mizelda: [Where the heck did you find out about the Lifeblood Ritual ? It’s supposed to be a rite that’s passed down only for us Shudraq .]

Abel: [Do not make me laugh, young chief of the Shudraq. Do you seriously think that no one knows about your traditions in this day and age? Two people, that is all it takes for a secret to leak out. Abandon your pipe dream of thinking that you are all as one.]

Mizelda: […]

Abel: [Your precious “Lifeblood Ritual” is no exception either. In actual fact, I know both what kind of ritual it is, as well as what happened in the past.]

Mizelda’s gaze turned stern as Abel’s response grew in zeal.

Subaru could tell that the Shudraqians’ expressions in their vicinity, and not just Mizelda’s at that, were growing more and more tense, faced with Abel’s lofty words. Subaru took a sizable heavy gulp himself.

Right now, Subaru was the only one being left behind, not knowing anything about the details of this “Lifeblood Ritual” that had been mentioned by Abel. Nevertheless, the fact remained that the ritual was an important one to Mizelda and the others, and that Abel would not welcome him making light of how they felt about it.

And so, in order to prevent the situation from causing any further confusion, Subaru spoke up, interjecting with an, “Um!”.

Subaru: [Sorry to interrupt when your discussion was starting to become more lively, but can you tell me more about this “Lifeblood Ritual”? I’m probably not unrelated to it, right?]

Mizelda: […Why do you think so ?]

Subaru: [Ah, I just got threatened by this masked prick a while ago. Stuff like asking me whether I could sacrifice everything or not. “Hell no” was my answer, though.]

Mizelda: [ Then… ]

Subaru: [All I can put on the line is myself. That guy’s overestimating his influence a little too much.]

Sacrificing everything . That kind of remark was only allowed to be made by people who were quite powerful.

Unfortunately for Subaru and Abel, both of them were helpless as they had been captured by the People of Shudraq, so they were not qualified to be faced with such a grandiose choice.

So, all he could wager were only whatever cards he held firmly in his hand. And as of now, “Natsuki Subaru” was his sole card.

Subaru: [But, just as Abel said, it’ll be difficult for us if you won’t listen. It’s going to be a repetition of what I previously said, but I’ll keep saying the same thing as many times as I need. At worst, I need you to at least let me out, so I can protect what’s precious to me, else I will be stumped on what to do.]

Mizelda: […I see . It seems like you’re qualified to undergo the Lifeblood Ritual .]

As Subaru made his appeal to her, wanting to keep their conversation going, Mizelda muttered with a hushed tone.

Subaru widened his eyes at her answer, and Abel made a small noise in his throat. However, there was one person who proceeded to overreact upon hearing her chief’s words.

Amidst the group that surrounded Mizelda, the person, a woman with hair dyed blue, was standing right beside her.

???: [Sister! Are you sure ? Believing the words of these men… ]

Mizelda: [It’s not like I believe them, Taritta . I just thought it would be a waste to disregard their words .]

Taritta: [Sister…]

The woman called Taritta hung her head, listening to Mizelda’s response, who she had referred to as “Sister”.

It seemed like they were sisters, related by blood. Once their connection had been pointed out to Subaru, he realized that they were actually quite similar, especially the fierce impression given off by their eyes.

Then, after Mizelda had rejected her younger sister’s words, she looked at Subaru once more, and,

Mizelda: [You’ve heard about the Lifeblood Ritual . It’s a ritual to make the tribe acknowledge oneself, passed down to us Shudraqians since ancient times . You can call it a coming of age ritual .]

Subaru: [Coming of age… ah, it’s that kind of thing. But, we aren’t really…]

Abel: [A part of the Shudraq. It is needless to say that, as everyone is aware of it. Do not waste any time with your foolish antics. What matters most is the true nature of this ritual.]

Subaru had made Abel seem exasperated, the former perplexed by his newfound knowledge of the ritual, that it existed so that those who completed it would be treated as an adult. Subaru’s cheeks stiffened from Abel’s callous words, but he understood what the masked man wanted to say.

The true nature of the coming of age ritual laid within making the group acknowledge the challenger as an adult. That meant, the true nature of the “Lifeblood Ritual” was――,

Subaru: [A rite of passage… To ensure the Shudraqians would listen to us as their equals…]

Abel: [Exactly.]

Affirming Subaru’s belief, Abel folded his arms, glancing over at Mizelda. Soon after receiving his gaze, Mizelda drew back her chin, and then,

Mizelda: [If you are challenging the Lifeblood Ritual, then you must prepare yourselves .]

Abel: [What will happen if the challenge were withdrawn? Will you claim that you will release us, right here and now? Unfortunately, I do not possess a mind so unsophisticated as to hope for something too good to be true. That goes for me, as well as this Natsuki Subaru over here.]

Subaru: [Ueh!?]

With the discussion between Mizelda and Abel suddenly becoming heated, Subaru was surprised to hear himself included as one of the people who were determined to complete the ritual. However, Abel did not seem to care about what he thought.

While being shoved around by Abel’s current momentum, Mizelda asked him, “What will you do ?”, he responded with,

Subaru: [……I’ll do it. If there’s no other way, then I’ll go through that ritual and make sure you listen to what I have to say. But, it’ll be a problem if the ritual’s going to take a few days…]

Mizelda: [That’s true . We do not want that, either . If that’s it… ]

Taritta: [Sister, won’t the Elgina be enough, then ?]

As Subaru steeled himself to undergo the ritual, Taritta offered a helpful suggestion to Mizelda, who was preoccupied with her own thoughts. Hearing her sister’s opinion, Mizelda nodded deeply, and then,

Mizelda: [Good idea . When the Lifeblood Ritual is carried out, the greatest obstacle will be chosen .]

Subaru: [The greatest obstacle… That’s…]

Mizelda: [――The Elgina .]

Mizelda repeated the word as Subaru swallowed audibly.

Utakata shrunk away, her shoulders jolting at the mention of the word, and the air around the Shudraqian women became wrapped with tension.

Since they took pride in being warriors, their reactions were more than enough to provoke Subaru’s feeling of uneasiness.

However――,

Abel: [You and I both cannot back out of this. Have you hardened your resolve?]

Subaru: [You’re acting all arrogant, even though you brought the conversation to this point without asking me anything. Aren’t you doing things as you please a bit too much, just because I’m indebted to you….?]

It was true that Subaru was in Abel’s debt for the knife he had been given, but any positive, calm feelings he held towards that had been blown away by their interactions inside the cage. Though, of course, he also appreciated the fact that Abel had undone Subaru’s mistake and created a chance for the Shudraqians to listen to him.

Subaru: [As far as I know, those who hide their faces are never good people!]

Abel: [There is a reason for why I am hiding my face, however. ――You are being insolent, but I will not deny that.]

If a character who hides their face happened to appear in a story, then there was a high possibility for them to be related to the main character in one way or another. In this case, Subaru would be in the position of the protagonist, but――,

Subaru: [You’re thinner than my dad, and your voice is also different. More so, there’s no way I would mistake my dad for another person.]

Abel: [……It seems like you are spouting out nonsense.]

Subaru: [It’s not nonsense, it’s about my dad. He’s the most annoying and also the coolest in the world.]

Abel: [――――]

Perhaps the topic did not pique Abel’s interest, as what little warmth he had in his gaze had been visibly diminished.

In fact, Subaru had only mentioned that since he was in the Empire, and a masked person had made their appearance, comparing his situation to a movie about a war in outer space from a long time ago. Subaru could probably consider Abel to be a stranger who hid his face… maybe.

Ignoring his nonsensical thoughts, Mizelda proceeded to issue orders to her fellow Shudraqians, and then,

Mizelda: [Abel and Natsuki Subaru , we will bring both of you to the Elgina. Prove to us whether you can complete the Lifeblood Ritual admirably, or not !]

As she made her declaration, the cage was opened, and Subaru and Abel were taken outside.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru and Abel were let out of the cage without blindfolds or restraints, and the Shudraqians surrounded them and walked them outside of the village.

In the deep, dense jungle, Subaru walked as if he were groping around in the dark, which nearly caused him to trip and fall many times. But each time, one of the surrounding Shudraqians saved him.

Subaru: [Oops, my bad. You had to help me again…]

Blonde woman: [Nooo problem ～. Me, I’m a strong woman so it’s toootally fine ～.]

Saying that, the woman, who dyed her hair yellow, supported Subaru as he tumbled.

The woman speaking had a plump figure and soft features. She was a rare type in Shudraq, where many women had firm and muscular bodies, but she had an air about her that made her very easy to get along with.

Blonde woman: [Are your injuries okay ～? I’m the one who did your medical treatment ～.]

Subaru: [Oh, this was thanks to you? Ahh, I’m alright. It’s still a little, well, I mean it hurts quite a bit, but it’s better.]

Blonde woman: [Ahahaha, you’re an honest guy ain’t cha ～ ? ]

Saying that, the woman laughed in a carefree manner, and her attitude also helped Subaru. Practically speaking, she had treated his wounds, so he should say he was helped in two ways.

Subaru naturally relaxed in the presence of such a big-hearted and kind woman. But he was rather concerned about the meat bone she always carried in her other hand.

Blonde woman: [ Yeah? You hungry ～ ? Wanna have some meat ～ ? ]

Subaru: [Ah, no, I’m good. Not that I’m not hungry, but if I eat I won’t be able to move well.]

Blonde woman: [Aha ha , that’s how it is ～. Besides, if your stomach is full you’ll suffer when you die too ～.]

Subaru: [Haha…]

Even while gnawing on her ham bone, and despite with her gentle looks, she was Shudraqian through-and-through.

In any case, Subaru and Abel were led someplace by the Shudraq in this manner, without feeling any hostility from them.

Mizelda had been like that at first, but once Subaru and Abel resolved to face the Lifeblood Ritual , it appeared that the effect of the failure of initial negotiations had been nullified.

In other words, whatever the outcome of the trial, the rehabilitation of their image with the women was a success.

If that was the case, even if the outcome of the trial were not favorable, it might be possible to get back to the negotiating table again.

Abel: [――Your face appears like you are thinking of something convenient.]

Subaru: […Don’t read whether a person is thinking this or that just from the color of their face and the look in their eyes. I get that you’re like that, but are people in the Empire always that sort?]

Abel: [I do not know the cause of your bewilderment. Moreover I have no interest in whom you may be comparing me to. It is simply that, in order to live, humans in the Empire learn to look closely at their opponents. It is different from the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [Look closely at their opponents, huh…]

Abel, who was being taken away with him, impressed Subaru with his words.

That was a lesson many people without outstanding military power should be aware of, not just the people of the Empire. For Subaru too, without careful observation of his opponents, would be unable to grasp a chance of success even under normal circumstances.

It was a tough, tough issue that he needed to be aware of from now on.

Abel: [By the way, are you not thinking of fleeing when you have the chance?]

While Subaru was entertained by those thoughts, Abel whispered a new one in his ear.

Subaru narrowed his eyes, surprised at Abel’s dispassion to the matter.

Subaru: [Could you stop coming up with such weird temptations? I’m sure you can’t help thinking about it, but it can’t be done.]

Abel: [Oho, why not? There is a better chance to escape now than when you were in that cage. If you create a good opportunity, you could slip out of the Shudraq’s sight.]

Subaru: [Well, I’ve also started running in that sort of reckless manner before, when getting too hot-headed, but…]

Abel’s words were like that of a carefree criminal’s, and Subaru once again surveyed his surroundings.

The depths of the forest were so dark that Subaru could only see a few meters ahead. In the end, the direction and distance of the encampment Subaru must get back to were not clear, so there was no point in escaping.

On top of that, all of the surrounding Shudraqians were much more capable than Subaru with his two injured hands.

Blonde woman: [――? What’s the matter ?]

Utakata: [Definitely in love with Hol . Hol is the prettiest girl in village .]

Blonde woman: [ Wahaa～ , Me, that’s so embarassing ～]

Peeping into Subaru’s line of sight, Utakata spoke to the woman at her side.

The woman shook her head from side to side in denial, blushing. It was awfully cute, but there was no opening. If Subaru tried to flee, she would certainly pin him down in an instant.

Above all――,

Subaru: [If I ran, what exactly would happen to you?]

Abel: [――. I see. When it comes down to it, you are that kind of fellow, hm? A detestable, idiotic, wannabe hero.]

Subaru: [ And ?]

Averting his gaze, Abel spat out those words.

Annoyed by that declaration, Subaru snapped at the masked man’s profile. However, before he could enquire about the real meaning of his words, the feet of Mizelda, who stood at the vanguard, came to a halt.

Mizelda: [We’re here .]

Subaru: [You say we’re here, but I can’t see anything…]

Even with a raised torch to illuminate the surroundings, it was only possible to see a range of a few meters at best. To Subaru, the view of the forest spread before him seemed unchanged.

What on earth is here ――,

Mizelda: [Go ahead and you’ll see .]

Subaru: [Whoa-aa!?]

Straining to see in the darkness, Subaru pitched forward. His back was pushed by Taritta, who was behind him, and upon taking one or two steps forward, his feet stepped on thin air.

It was proof that a foothold was missing, that a foundation to stand on was missing.

Subaru: [This feeling… Oh no, not again!?]

Without thinking, Subaru shouted as he faced the earthen void――A steep slope to be precise. He put his feet to the incline and slid down so as not to start tumbling.

He travelled down the steep slope, and, someway or another, managed to catch his breath at the bottom.

Subaru: [Ah, that was dangerous… Even though I’m untouched, what was with that all of the sudden?!]

Abel: [Move.]

There was a strong impact on his back that had barely come to a halt, causing him to stumble and fall forward in the end. When he looked over his shoulder reproachfully, Subaru saw that the one who had collided with his back was Abel.

It seemed he had been pushed down the steep incline, just like Subaru.

Subaru: [From the looks of it, it just seems like the bottom of a hole but… is this where the ritual’s happening?]

Abel: [Indeed it is. Now then, what will reveal itself? Elgina, they called it.]

Subaru: [You got any idea what that is?]

Abel: [“El” has the meaning of large but… hm.]

While Subaru and Abel conversed at the bottom of the slope where they had been dropped, something was thrown in. At Abel’s feet, a bundle of cloth rolled to a stop.

And peeking out from inside the package was――,

Abel: [It’s my luggage and your garbage.]

Subaru: [Mine is luggage too!]

Subaru and Abel picked up their equipment, which had been tossed down.

Inside was the Guiltywhip, naturally, and the knife that had been stuck in Subaru’s shoulder. He had received it from Abel, but after being bounced around from one place to the next, it had returned here.

Abel also picked up his own things, a sword and a mantle, and quickly put them on.

Subaru: [But, what the hell does this mean…?]

Utakata: [Uu’s watching too ! Good luck !]

Following Abel, a high-pitched voice answered Subaru’s question as he recovered his equipment. He looked over and saw Utakata waving both hands atop the slope. It looked like that girl had thrown in the equipment.

Mizelda and Taritta did not raise their voices against her actions either. It seemed this level of assistance would not hinder the ritual.

And then, at the same time――,

Blonde woman: [I want you to do your best, okay~ !?]

Subaru: [Seriously…?]

He saw the woman from before, her hair dyed yellow, with a calm voice and a carefree manner, smiling nonchalantly while blocking the entrance to the slope with a large boulder.

There was no mistaking it, judging from the rumbling of the earth, it could be nothing else.

Unbelievable superhuman strength.―― It was clear whose hands had made that solid, improvised cage.

With the entrance closed, Subaru and Abel were enclosed in an empty valley about twenty meters across from left to right.

Opposite the entrance, darkness spread out in front of the pair. It looked like they could escape if they ran straight ahead, but such a naive idea should be abandoned.

Abel: [Natsuki Subaru, how much are you able to move your hands?]

Subaru: [Huh? My hands… they’re as bad as they look. I can’t raise my right hand, and my left hand can’t grip strongly either. Naturally, I also can’t do fine movements… Woah !?]

Abel: [Put this on your finger in best condition! There is no time.]

Abel then threw a ring from his belongings to Subaru. Without saying yes or no, Subaru accepted it immediately and put it on the middle finger of his left hand.

The ring was inlaid with a black jewel, which gave it an air of luxury, as well as a strange sense of intimidation.

Subaru: [This is?]

Abel: [A ring with magic sealed inside it. Kiss it before using it. It spews fire, but it is limited.]

Subaru: [Huh? Magic? Kiss? What do you…]

Abel: [――Here it comes.]

Unable to keep up with the stream of rapid-fire information, Subaru was hung out to dry by Abel, who readied his sword. Swept up in the moment by a determined-looking Abel, Subaru hurriedly drew his whip out.

And so, just as the preparation of their equipment was more or less completed――,

Subaru: […Oi oi, you gotta be kidding me.]

Backs facing the sloped surface that blocked their exit, Subaru stood alongside Abel as he stared in shock at the sight in front of him.

The figure that appeared as it slowly slithered along the ground from the darkness was a collection of scales. All green, shiny and dripping with water――It was a Snake Witchbeast.

A Witchbeast that Subaru had already encountered in this Buddheim Jungle twice before.

Subaru: [Don’t tell me, Elgina…?]

Snake Witchbeast: [――ϡϡ！！]

Subaru questioned fearfully, swallowing his breath.

The Snake Witchbeast opened its giant maw and, as if it were agreeing with Subaru, roared loudly. Enveloped in the fierce wind pressure of the roar, Subaru froze up.

Elgina is the Snake Witchbeast, and undertaking the Lifeblood Ritual meant facing the most difficult challenge available.

If that were the case, the wall that Subaru and Abel had to break through was――,

Mizelda: [Now, it is time to fight . Show that you are warriors . Shudraq’s eyes, the eyes of the hunters will see you through .]

Subaru: [Daaah! Of course it’s something like this!]

The booming voice of Mizelda reverberated around the arena, along with other blaring voices of cheer from the other Shudraqians. They stood on the surrounding cliffs, overlooking Subaru and Abel’s match against the Witchbeast.

Subaru took to heart the questioningly cheerful and encouraging shouts. Meanwhile, the Snake Witchbeast took a stance――,

Abel: [――Here it comes, Natsuki Subaru!]

Subaru: [I can see that! Dammit, all I’ve been doing is facing trials lately!]

The Snake Witchbeast surged forward ferociously as if to silence Subaru’s whining. And so, the Lifeblood Ritual had begun.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Witchbeast that inhabited the Buddheim Jungle, Elgina.

According to Abel, “El” meant “Large”. Therefore, “Gina” was probably the word for “Snake”.

Or it could be that that was the People of Shudraq’s unique way of naming the Witchbeast.

Nevertheless, verifying that claim and contributing to the history of cultural anthropology would have to come later.

Subaru: [The enemy in front of me comes first!]

Snapping its mouth open, the Snake Witchbeast charged, baring its sharp fangs. Its body was at least ten meters in length and it resembled a large, sentient tree thrashing about in a forest.

Its torso was as thick as a bundle of logs and its flailing tail had enough power to cause serious injuries with just a graze.

As always, Witchbeasts would try to kill with their physicality.

Subaru: [Bea――]

――ko. Calling out to his absent partner, Subaru grit his teeth.

The course of action Subaru would usually take when thrust into an unexpected situation was to, before even giving it a thought, let his trusted partner Beatrice handle it with her judgement and adaptability. That was what he had decided to be for the best.

In this situation however, this line of thinking would illuminate Subaru’s lack of adaptability――.

Subaru: [Firs…t.]

Abel: [Fool! This is not the time to be dawdling!]

Stiffening up at the realisation of his blunder, an angry shout rang out as Subaru’s head, along with his hair, was grabbed. Bent backwards and falling, Subaru yelped before being dragged down.

Above the head of Subaru’s fallen body, the fangs of the Snake Witchbeast snapped shut without mercy. An intense sound roared overhead, choking the atmosphere with bloodlust. At the same time, the resulting smoke and wind violently kicked up the soil.

Snake Witchbeast: [Oooooaaaa――!]

Pushed by the strong gales, Subaru, unable to bear against it, rolled along the ground. Still, he could not stay rolling forever. Only a fool would pick their life up by the skin of their teeth and lose it immediately after.

Using the momentum to stand up, he tried to put some distance between him and the Snake Witchbeast.

Abel: [Do not make me repeat myself, fool. Hold your breath.]

Subaru: [Ugoh.]

Subaru’s head was forcibly pushed down, pinning his body to the ground. Looking up, he saw a dust-covered Abel wrapping the both of them under his cloak.

However, the cloak was not that big. It was too small to wrap the two of them fully and currently, Abel was straddling Subaru’s back.

Subaru: [What, what are you… Oh right, the Concealment Cloak!]

Abel: [Correct. If we stifle our breath, it will not find us immediately… Still, how unfortunate. If the Lifeblood Ritual were anything but a test of strength, we would have had a chance.]

Looking out for any signs of the Snake Witchbeast in the immediate vicinity, Abel’s eyes were mixed with anger and frustration.

Hearing Abel’s thoughts, Subaru could painfully relate to his thinking.

The contents of the Lifeblood Ritual seemed to differ with each attempt.

There must have been other trials that did not involve fighting a Witchbeast. However, fighting the Snake Witchbeast was the path thrust to Subaru and Abel to prove their status as warriors.

Subaru: [Both my hands are damaged and Abel’s swordsmanship is second-rate… What a shit situation we’re in.]

Abel: [My swordsmanship is second-rate, you say? Considering your current state, your arms cannot even be used to drag me down.]

Subaru: [I still got my mouth to talk back to you… Oh yeah, about before.]

Inside the dense smoke, Subaru lifted his left hand up to show the ring on his middle finger.

The ring that had been thrown at him by Abel. The ring with much needed explaining. Having to kiss it, it spewing out fire, various inexplicable facts were said but――,

Subaru: [How do I use it?]

Abel: [I told you before. Kiss the jewel and have it acknowledge you as its holder. The rest is akin to using magic.]

Subaru: [What the hell is that. A ring that’s like a weapon from a light novel…!]

Staring at the ring in half-belief half-doubt, Subaru frowned at the explanation. Ignoring Subaru’s reaction, Abel searched for movements of the Snake Witchbeast through the plumes of dust.

Although he had looked relaxed when trapped in the cage, he could not hide his tension when faced with a genuine threat. Breathing heavily, Abel tightly gripped his sword,

Abel: [Even if we get close, it is doubtful that we can pierce its scales. The places without scales… The eyes or mouth. If we do not pierce those places, or those places where the scales are thin, our attacks will be ineffective, I imagine.]

Subaru: [That’s kinda impossible if we don’t create an opening. If we could just do that somehow…]

Abel: [You create that opening. Why do you think you and I are working together?]

Subaru: [I was thinking of saying it but, being told to be a decoy really does my head in…!]

Having said that though, looking at the duo’s equipment and physical condition, those were the only roles they could realistically accept.

Subaru on support and Abel on offence. A familiar role for Subaru, as being in the role of an assistant was always Natsuki Subaru’s job.

Abel: [Currently, the Witchbeast has lost sight of us. Draw its attention with fire. That will be the opening.]

Subaru: [Yeah, I get――]

Investing your resources at the start to reap the biggest reward possible was a fundamental tenet of battle.

Utilising the cover of smoke that the Witchbeast had coincidentally created, they would use their environment to their advantage to defeat the enemy.

Just as Subaru finished that thought, he felt a sense of wrongness .

The source of that wrongness was the Witchbeast, Elgina.

The Witchbeast that appeared to be a large snake. Its large size made it comparable to anacondas and the like. However, because it actively hunted humans, its threat level was above that of an anaconda.

And, if the Witchbeast were snake-like, if its biology was similar to that of a snake――,

Subaru: [――Uh.]

Trembling with fear, Subaru unconsciously pressed his lips to the ring. He then raised the ring above him and faced it towards the plumes of dust Abel was watching over.

Faster than Abel could question his actions, Subaru opened his mouth and――,

Subaru: [――Goa.]

Immediately after, the Snake Witchbeast aiming for Subaru and Abel burst through the smoke. And right in front of its nose, a flame exploded out.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Snakes possess an organ specialized in detection of heat, called a ‘pit organ’.

As nocturnal critters inhabiting dense forests and boulder crevices, they require the ability to track their prey in the dark. That is why they are equipped with the pit organ from birth, which allows them to track and capture their prey by sensing their heat in total darkness.

In practice, this principle is known as thermography. But snakes are born with this ability, and thus have earned their moniker as an assassin cloaked in darkness.

So in turn, this giant snake was also equipped with the same pit organ.

Abel: [――――!!]

It slithered near, but was met with a counterblow right as it attempted to strike. As its snout was singed with a blast of heat, it raised its neck upwards. And Abel took his chance immediately.

His swordsmanship was one of not letting any chances slide. He thrust with great might, the edge of his sharp blade poised to slide through the giant snake’s underneck. The strike connected with its scales, cold steel hissing―― But to no avail.

Abel: [Gh……!]

Abel groaned as the strike was deflected.

The tip of his sword had barely pierced the snake’s scales. While his stance may have not been the best, his whole backbone had definitely been put into that strike.

Even so, he was not permitted entry.

Subaru: [One more!!]

Glaring at Abel as he took a step back, it attempted to strike once more, only for a fireball to smash into the side of its face.

Even though the dense forest lit up in red and its damp air sizzled, the great snake looked to have taken little to no damage. Its long tongue flicked over its burnt side, then moved its eyes to Subaru and out rose a great bellow from within its gaping maw.

Subaru: [Shit――]

A mere thirty seconds had elapsed since this fight started.

Within that timeframe alone, he had determined they possessed no chance of winning this fight. Abel’s sword could not pierce through its scales, and, as hurt as he was, Subaru’s petty and cheap tricks had no place in this fight.

After all, Subaru had no means of standing up to the face of overwhelming violence. Those were always his worst obstacles.

Subaru: [Goa! Goa! And again, Goa!!]

With a short wave of his hand, Subaru haphazardly shot multiple rounds of magic at the giant snake just as it was lunging at him.

Each shot blossomed with a brilliant flash of light as the fire from his ring shot past the Witchbeast, smashed into the precipice of the ravine they were fighting in, and caused a collapse of debris, separating Subaru and Abel from the Witchbeast, albeit temporarily.

Subaru: [Oi, Mizelda-san! This is-――]

Getting worse by the minute , he had wanted to say, but swallowed his words.

The Shudraqians, who were supposed to protect them during their difficult battle――They had instead set up arrows on their bows, their sights aimed at Subaru and co.

Subaru: [――――]

With cold, hardened gazes, the Shudraqians sized up their prey.

Mizelda, Taritta, the lady with the blonde hair, and even Utakata; Without exception, all glared at Subaru’s party.

Subaru: [――Oh.]

Abel: [We set this in motion. There is no way to run from the “Lifeblood Ritual”. If we do not kill it, forget your little wish, we shall not even be left with our own lives.]

Abel informed Subaru, who was frozen stiff under the Shudraqians’ cold gaze.

He understood this. It was a difference in values, in morals. He had felt this from the moment he had been flung to Vollachia, and throughout the trek he had made from the military encampment until this place.――The People of Shudraq were the kind who could sing and laugh with their fellow comrades one moment, then turn their blades on them the other.

One glance at Utakata told him everything. This was the result of being brought up with these values. It was a difference in their nurturing environment.

To ponder on or ask whether these values were right or wrong was meaningless.

Here, was not the place for an argument about ethics.

What was necessary at this moment, was to follow their rules, participate in the “Lifeblood Ritual”, and win.

Abel: [I cannot pierce its scaly hide. If cutting out its heart through its chest is impossible, should I aim for its brain through the eyes or mouth instead?]

Subaru: [That’s the thing about all living beings, the brain’s the weak spot, but… That might be a bit too hard to pull off. What we should really aim for is that area right above its pit organ. That’s our ticket to victory.]

Abel: [――Right above.]

Winning via a death blow was a hurdle too high to cross.

Then all that remained were victories earned by means other than that. Were this its nest, perhaps taking its eggs hostage to force it into surrender may have been the best, albeit the scummiest, course of action. Of course, that was not the case.

Thus, what remained was to take advantage of that one weakness all Witchbeasts possessed.

Subaru: [We break its horn. The beast will submit itself to whoever breaks it. ――That’s the only way.]

Abel: [And your plan――]

Subaru: [Like I said before. I’ll be the bait, and you, my suspicious hooded stranger, will be the attacker.]

Abel: [I beg your pardon? There’s naught but hooded nobility here.]

Once their brief conversation ended with one of Abel’s usual comebacks, Subaru took in a deep breath, then exhaled.

They had exchanged their objectives. It was set in stone.

Behind and overhead, the Shudraqians observed them with a frozen gaze. With targets painted on their backs, the two stood back up, a show of their resolve as warriors, and then headed back into the fight against the giant snake that had claimed the great forest as its own.

Not that they desired, nor was a warrior’s resolve a fit for them, but regardless――,

Subaru: [But if that’s what it takes, that is exactly what I’ll do.]

――As his mind drifted to Rem, whom he had left behind in the encampment of the Imperial Army, Subaru put strength into his stride forward.

Snake Witchbeast: [――――ϡϡ!!]

Its great maw agape, the giant snake burst through the smoke.

Subaru thrust his left arm forward. The Witchbeast’s yellow eyes took notice, and immediately closed its mouth and turned to the side.

While the lowest level of flames would not deal any significant damage, it seemed that Subaru had managed to make it become averse to being hit.

However, that proved to be its undoing. Subaru did not actually have the ring on his left hand, at that moment.

Subaru: [My left hand’s not aiming for the side of your face, but right above that!]

As he shouted, the tip of a whip lashed out of his left hand.

Able to use the whip with ease using either hand thanks to Clind’s teachings, Subaru opted to exert his left arm, which could be used to easily handle the weapon with merely two fingers as his crutch, as opposed to his right, which he could barely lift above from his shoulders onwards.

The tip of his whip was not aimed at the snake’s scales, but rather at the thick branches overhead. With his whip firmly wrapped around a branch, Subaru leapt into the air.

Snake Witchbeast: [――ϡϡ!!]

Below, the snake’s maw opened, chasing after him.

Had he not folded up his knees midair, everything below his thighs would have been ripped off by the giant snake’s jaws just now.

Taritta: [――Tch, sister! That man, he’s running away!!]

Mizelda: [No――]

Taritta shouted to Mizelda, then nocked, her sight and arrow aimed at Subaru’s back as he rose out of the ravine delegated as their battlefield. Mizelda, however, put her hand on the bow and lowered it.

Mizelda’s green eyes shone like gems, fixated on Subaru,

Mizelda: [He’s not running away, he’s going to fight!!]

She shouted in cheer as Subaru whirled through the air using his whip.

His trajectory drawing circles in the sky much like an amusement park attraction, Subaru aimed the ring with his right hand at the edges of the cliff.

Subaru: [Gooooooooo――!!]

It was more of a war cry, rather than a chant.

Fire erupted from his right hand as he raised his voice, dousing the edges of the ravine in flames―― The vines and branches all caught fire, turning the ravine into a sea of hellfire.

Utakata: [Ukyaaa――!?]

Blonde woman: [Wawawawa! Utakata, look out～!]

Taritta: [Aaaah, sister! Sister! Should I? Should I!?]

As they watched the ravine burn, the People of Shudraq began to panic.

Utakata and the blonde-haired Shudraqian embraced each other, while Taritta kept insisting on permission to put an arrow through Subaru. However, Mizelda took no notice of her, eyes sparkling with excitement.

She only balled her fist, her eyes nailed to Subaru.

Mizelda: [Amazing! Wonderful! This is getting exciting!]

Subaru: [AAAAaaAaaAaaa――!!]

Mizelda’s cheers and Subaru’s yell, prolonged right until he ran out of breath, overlapped.

The ring’s light faded, but with one final bellow, a fireball sprung forth and shot straight at the precipice of a cliff, causing a landslide of rocks, forcing the giant snake to stand down to avoid the falling debris.

However――

Snake Witchbeast: [――――]

The snake, while slowly drawing itself backwards, understood that it had no way to escape, its surroundings blocked off.

The fire spreading over the fallen trees, the valley was brightened with shimmering flames, to the point the light of a torch would be considered unnecessary.

More than that, the splendidly scattered flames――,

Abel: [Perhaps it has a technique that allows it to see heat. ――That will no longer be effective.]

The giant snake had lost sight of Abel, who had hidden himself under the cape of “Concealment” and leapt towards the beast.

Snake Witchbeast: [――――ϡϡ!!]

Sensing a dangerous presence, the snake kept a watchful eye on its surroundings. However, above its head was Subaru with miasma wafting out of his body, its heat detecting ability had been rendered useless by the flames, and Abel’s figure was unperceivable.

Moving onto a pathway with weaker flames was all the Witchbeast could do.

And that was a false escape route Subaru had created, by intentionally spreading the flames――,

Abel: [Haaaa――!!]

Instantaneously, Abel sprung off the cliff, assaulting the snake’s head as it attempted to flee.

The sword drew an arc as it was swung, a silver flash streaking towards the snake’s head, where its gnarled horn was located. The blade diagonally entered the center of the horn, with enough force to bisect it in one clean stroke――,

Snake Witchbeast: [――――ϡϡ!!]

It was right as the snake’s horn was about to be sliced off, which would signify the battle drawing near its end due to the snake losing its sense of self.

The giant snake roared, twisting its head in as a last act of desperation, attempting to avoid the sword strike. However, a fruitless struggle was still fruitless. Acting out of desperation like that would not be effective.

――But that was only if the single attack had been that of a warrior’s.

Abel: [Gh――!]

His strike dislodged by the snake’s twisting head, Abel’s attack stopped midway through its horn. Like that, before he could pour additional strength into his arms to resume his attack, a tail lashed out and collided with his body.

Tossed about by that impact, Abel’s slender frame was blasted sideways. He rolled across the burning valley, unable to break his fall, spitting out blood from his throat as he coughed.

Abel: [Kfuh…kh, how careless of me…! I suppose it will not turn out like how it did with the fool…]

The large snake turned its face towards Abel, who was still coughing up blood, down on his hands and knees.

Catching a glimpse of its golden opportunity, the chance of a lifetime to turn the tables, the snake’s eyes glinted with malice as it slithered towards Abel. Having received a blow from its tail earlier, Abel was unable to stand up, and neither did he have the time to curl up in his “Concealment”.

Its jaws wide open, the snake lunged at Abel to swallow him whole.

Upon witnessing that, Subaru had no time to spare for thought.

Subaru: [I can… Return by Dea――]

It felt like it had been quite a while since he had last declared that out loud.

However, to Subaru, who had traced his own steps through the Books of the Dead inside the Pleiades Watchtower, his experience of attempting to lure Witchbeasts towards himself was fresh in his memory, almost as if he had just done that the day before.

That was why he had come up with that on the spur of the moment.

Subaru: [Gih, gah――!]

Once the color faded from the world, all sound disappeared, and Subaru could no longer feel the flow of air, what visited him instead was a black shadow, streaming into that static world.

It was identical to that tremendous mass of shadows that had surged towards Subaru back then, when he had dealt with the Trials, lost Shaula, and had been overwhelmed with everything that had happened――,

???: [―― I love you. ]

Subaru: […Yeah, I’m sick of hearing that so many times.]

He responded to the short phrase, just like that.

Immediately after that, the palm of a hand slid into him, seizing his heart. Uncontrollable pain consumed him, making him feel as if his whole body was being ground into dust, starting from his fingertips. Rather than his vision being stained red, a force that felt like his eyeballs had exploded tore him down.

Pain that he could never become accustomed to, and the attachment and hopelessness that would not foretell when it would end.

However, once those had eventually withdrawn――,

Subaru: [Eyes… on… me――!!]

Snake Witchbeast: [――――ϡϡ!!]

Right after the color, sound, smell, and sensation had returned to the world, Subaru let out a fierce shout.

Along with the reappearance of Subaru, the snake spun around, having detected the increased amount of miasma. It did not face the feeble, masked man in front of itself, despite being able to kill him at any second, but it faced Subaru, who was above its head, all smelly and full of energy.

Subaru: [It’s all up to you――!]

The moment his eyes met with the snake’s as it turned around, Subaru brought the ring on his right hand to his lips.

Letting go of the whip at once, Subaru’s body drew a parabola as he flew towards the giant snake. ――In order to reach the snake’s head, he needed it to turn around and face him.

The confession of Return by Death was for that. And a very little small fraction of the reason was to not let Abel die, as well.

And then――,

Subaru: [Aaaaaaaahhhh――!!]

Placing his feet on the snake’s upper jaw, Subaru jumped forward, although he looked like he was falling ungracefully.

In front of his eyes was the white horn, with the blade of a sword jammed halfway through it. Subaru twisted his body so that he was facing the hilt of the sword, guessing that the weapon would be able to sever the horn after one last push, and slammed his right fist into it with all his might.

Of course, he did not think he could cut apart the thick horn with only his fist.

However, his strike was not a simple swing of his fist. ――It was a devastating blow, joined with the magic stone and loaded with magic.

Subaru: [――――]

The jewel embedded in the ring cracked as it connected with the sword’s hilt, vermillion light pouring out.

The next moment, the leaking light swelled, detonating with Subaru’s right arm and the snake’s horn at the center of the explosion, and everything in his vision, as well as all sound in his ears, vanished.

Subaru: [Hh,]

Subaru spun around as he fell to the ground, rolling across it around two or three times.

His whole body hit the ground with intense force, but he could not recognize the damage it had taken. The right half of his body was scorching hot, almost as if it was on fire, and he could not even perceive his physical condition.

Subaru: [――――]

His body began convulsing while he was lying flat on his back, and as yellowish stomach fluid dripped out of the corner of his mouth, Subaru felt the ground rumble.

As he was on the verge of death, his body riddled with critical injuries impossible to overlook, he did not realize that the source of that sound was the giant snake that had collapsed onto the ground beside him, having lost its head.

However――,

???: [――Natsuki Subaru! Hey, Natsuki Subaru! Stand up! Stand up at once!]

Although he was barely maintaining his consciousness by a single thread that was about to be torn off, someone scrambled towards him, calling out to him and shaking his body.

Subaru did not know which part of his body the person was grabbing as he was shaken, but he was being jerked from side to side. The scorching sensation worsened, and he let out a soundless voice, fluids spilling out of every hole on his face.

He could not process anything anymore.

He wanted the person to allow him to lose hold of his consciousness. Pain, heat, a burning thirst, and suffering, every negative-sounding word that existed in the world swirled around in his head――,

???: [There is something you must stand up and pronounce, no!? The woman… What will become of that woman called Rem!?]

Subaru: [――ah,]

???: [Speak with your own mouth! Your desires cannot be expressed by me!]

A strong, passionate plea was wedged into his ears, and his body was forced to sit up on top of that. Even if he were in a state where he could not comprehend whether it was his head or feet on top, he had been propped up.

He could not lift his body. Perhaps, only the upper half of his body had been held up.

???: [Listen, People of Shudraq! This is just as you are witnessing it! We have completed the Lifeblood Ritual, establishing the proof that we are warriors! If so, as our comrades-in-arms, is there not anything you all must carry out?]

????: [――Yes, I, Mizelda, the chief of the Shudraq, have seen your endeavors with my own eyes ! Dear warrior, our fellow comrade ! What do you desire ? What will you shout out for us to do ?]

Voices emerged from his side and right above him, resonating inside of his head.

It was as if his brain had lost its source of protection, the voices passing straight through into his head. Even as he could not fathom what their words meant, his shoulder was shook, his head rocked back and forth, and his soul was stirred.

???: [Answer me, Natsuki Subaru. Speak of what you desire. Squeeze and wring out all that you have.]

Subaru: [――h,]

???: [Envision what you wish for behind those closed eyelids of yours. Nothing can be granted to those who cannot disclose what they seek. ――There is no food to be given to a slothful pig!]

Think up and envision what you wish for behind those closed eyelids.

He could see a silver-haired girl. A young girl with cream-colored hair, a pink-haired girl, a gray-haired youth and a golden-haired boy. He could also see many faces, the faces of other people, and,

――He was happy to see a blue-haired girl standing among them.

Subaru: [S…ave…]

???: [What is it!?]

Subaru: [Rem…]

???: [――――]

Feeling as if he himself was being peeled off slowly, Subaru made out his words with his lips. The moment he said that, the force behind the hand that was gripping his shoulder, or what was most likely his shoulder, grew stronger.

And then, the owner of the voice nodded quietly with an, “I see.”

???: [You have heard him, People of Shudraq. This is the wish of your new comrade. He must have validated it by making a gamble with his own life. What he desires… If you have seen his act, then…!]

????: [Say no more . ――We have dignity, as well as courage .]

Subaru: [――――]

His body grew limp as it lost its strength, and his consciousness started fading into the distance.

The voice that had previously attempted to keep him awake by force did not try a second time. Slowly, gradually, and bit by bit, his consciousness faded――,

???: [――You have fulfilled your duty. Leave the woman to us.]

At the very end, although he did not understand the meaning, he heard a trustworthy voice. He felt like he had heard it.

He felt like he had heard it.

--- Chapter 12: The Vollachian Empire ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――He felt like something, something horrible was swirling around him.

A vortex, indeed, it was a vortex.

The vortex was swirling round and around, spinning fast, swallowing everything.

Swirling round and around who knows where, actually, no, it was swirling around his core.

This horrible black vortex, as ferocious as a storm, as stark as a bolt of lightning, as scorching as magma, was going to end up swallowing everything in its path as it swirled around.

Perhaps it was the horrible malediction that had been sleeping for so long deep inside his body.

A malediction of “Death”, that had never been removed, always intertwined, tied together, linked forevermore.

A curse mark befitting greed, which would not sell his life over to anyone, as if saying: “it has already been pledged.”

These begrudged curses, which should by all means have eaten away at his life, meddled with each other, detested each other, refused to hand him over to the other, opposed each other, and fought with each other. ――And as a result, they reached a conflicting answer.

The curses would have it so they would not let this vessel perish.

The vortex was swirling round and around, spinning fast, swallowing everything.

Smack-dab at the core of this vessel, which had been cursed by Beast and Dragon, swirling round and around…　[1]

△▼△▼△▼△

Tents with a red flag were for medical treatment. There were five of them in total within the encampment.

Tents with a black flag were for their stores. There were twenty-five of them in total within the encampment.

Tents with a white flag were for the top brass. There were three of them in total within the encampment.

The tent with a golden flag was for the commander. There was just the one within the encampment.

He’d been given the freedom to bustle around the place, acting as a handyman. So even though the time he’d spent there had been brief, he’d managed to pay attention to various areas, surprisingly enough.

The Empire marked the second time Subaru had seen an actual military encampment.

The first time was around the time of the White Whale Battle in the Kingdom of Lugunica.

Back when they’d set up around the Flugel Tree, to prepare for the White Whale’s arrival, they’d prepared something like an encampment. Though that one did not have the scale this one had.

Following that, he did have some more chances to set up camp, though on a much smaller scale. That said, all of them had been far simpler; hardly any of them had been a full-blown camp, like the one in the Empire.

Thus, he thought he’d take note of things here and there, with curiosity being a helping factor.

Naturally, the Imperial Soldiers bar one did not seem to hold favourable impressions of him, so had he made any attempt to enter anywhere possessing anything of importance, they would have probably separated Subaru’s head from his body, and that was just if he were lucky.

However, even having this much knowledge was…

???: […Plenty useful. There is a world of difference between having some information and having nothing… And most of all, knowing their formation should give us a rough idea of the enemy’s strength. All that is left now is…]

???: [To show our courage and strength . This I know, my brethren .]

???: [Indeed, then show it. Show the pride and valour of the people of Shudraq, the valiant warriors who once swept down enemy after enemy, standing alongside the Emperor lauded as the Martial Emperor.]

He felt exhausted, as if he were wearily drifting through warm water.

In the midst of this, the voices of a man and woman brimming with ambition became audible to him.

???: […]

And many other sounds of breathing could be heard, apart from that of the man and woman the voices belonged to.

He could feel the presence of a great number of people.

He could feel something akin to the fervent, fervent zeal of a great number of people.

He could feel those things swelling up rather strangely, with him smack-dab in the middle.

???: […Then let us begin, Shudraq! We shall raise the beacons of our counterattack from here on!!]

???: [Ooooooooooh――!!]

A cacophony of battle cries echoed throughout, as if crunching the entire world into pieces.

???: […Whoa!?]

Feeling something cold and wet squelched against his face, Subaru’s whole body jumped up in surprise. While wondering what had happened, his awareness swiftly rose, and his vision was covered in white as he blinked in surprise. ――Actually, no, this was the answer to the wetness he felt.

A wet cloth, that had barely been wrung, was what was covering Subaru’s face.

He’d once read in a book that there existed a kind of torture where someone would cover your face with a towel and pour water on top of it. All that was needed was a towel and some water, and then it would be easy to make someone feel like they were drowning, just like in the hellish waterboarding technique.

Subaru: [I-I’ve got nothing that I can tell you…!]

???: [Oh, Suu, you’re up . Uu too is glad you’re in good spirits .]

Subaru: [A… Ah…?]

Subaru could hear a voice, that for a torturer, was rather young. He shook his face in surprise. Following that, the cloth that had been covering his face slid off, allowing him to recover his normal vision.

It didn’t seem like it was torture, and in his unobstructed field of view he could see the sky, with the leaves of some large trees slightly clogging his view. And then, suddenly poking her face around, as if hiding the sky was…

Subaru: [Y… You’re…]

Utakata: [Utakata! Uu’s your guard, Suu ! And nurse! And babysitter! Thank goodness you’re awake !]

Subaru: […I still don’t get what you’re on about.]

A black-haired girl with the ends dyed pink let out a shrill cackle and asserted herself ― Right, it was Utakata.

This girl was one of the people of Shudraq, someone he’d met in their village. ――The one who’d once killed Subaru with a poisoned arrow.

However, from the smile on her face, it looked like currently they’d established an amicable relationship, so he probably didn’t need to worry about having his life snuffed out by a poisoned arrow like that one.

Subaru: [Of course, there’s no sign of me being waterboarded… Is there? Umm…]

Utakata: [Suu, the Lifeblood Ritual, you finished it. Elgina, you beat it . Uu and Mii and Hoo, everyone and everybody surprised !]

Subaru: […It’s starting to come back to me. That’s right, I was forced into the Lifeblood Ritual.]

To get the people of Shudraq to acknowledge Subaru and Abel, they had challenged the Lifeblood Ritual.

It was a traditional Shudraqian rite of passage and it was used to recognise one’s coming of age. The then-caught Subaru and Abel had challenged it together.

The opponent for the ritual had been a giant snake that inhabited the Buddheim Jungle, the Witchbeast Elgina.

Subaru and Abel had put their lives on the line to try and break the Snake Witchbeast’s horn――,

Subaru: […It’s no use. Dunno if it’s because I was super absorbed during the fight or not, but I can’t recall anything from the last half. If I’m alive, does that mean Abel managed to pull it off…?]

Utakata: [――? Suu, you don’t remember ? Mii, was in stitches .]

Subaru: [In stitches as in laughing at my pathetic self? Gimme a break… Wait.]

Frowning at Utakata who had her head tilted in puzzlement, Subaru tried to sit upright. In the process of doing that, Subaru felt a weird sensation as his right hand touched the ground.

It was not a normal kind of weird sensation, like touching a floor that was wet or walking over something rocky. No, the source of this weird sensation felt much closer to home than usual.

To put it frankly, it was not the ground, but more likely, Subaru’s arm that was the source of the sensation.

Subaru: [――. Um, Utakata-san? Is something happening with my right hand?]

Utakata: [Suu’s right hand? Oh yeah, it was cool! It went all like guju guju and bwahhh. ]

Subaru: [ Guju guju and bwahhh !?]

Only getting bad feelings from those onomatopoeias, Subaru widened his eyes in surprise.

Repeatedly taking deep breaths, he settled his heart down, before readying himself for his next course of action. First, he turned his neck towards his left hand. Three of his fingers were broken. They hurt, but he felt relief from that.

Then slowly, he moved his gaze towards his right hand and――,

Subaru: [… What the heck is this.]

For a moment he questioned what he was looking at. That was how unnatural the circumstances were.

Originally, Subaru’s right arm was covered in an unnerving, mottled, black pattern. That was an outcome of the fight with the Sin Archbishop of Lust, at the Watergate City of Priestella.

The Sin Archbishop of Lust Capella declared her own blood to be dragon’s blood and had dripped it on Subaru and Crusch. As a result, Crusch received an injury that could not be healed and Subaru had a black pattern etched onto his right arm, as he took in the repulsive blood that ran over her body.

Despite all of that, it did not seem to have any negative side-effects. Subaru would wear long sleeves to hide the black pattern as they showed no signs of special behaviour.

But now, that black pattern――,

Subaru: [――――]

Actually, this was not the time to talk about the pattern.

Subaru’s right arm, from his fingertips to wrist and wrist to elbow, the distal half of his arm was clad in black, as if he were wearing a black glove.

Swallowing his saliva, Subaru tentatively touched his black right hand with his left hand.

His left hand contacted something with a soft and flabby elasticity. On the other hand, he could barely feel his right hand being touched. It felt like he was wearing a rubber glove, so its movement was sluggish as well, and――,

Subaru: […Hang on, actually, is this?]

He felt something familiar within the weird sensation. To help that feeling take shape, Subaru strongly dug his left hand’s fingernails into the black hand. Forcing his fingers in, he made a motion like clawing it.

At which point, the black parts of his right hand peeled off like paint.

Yelping in surprise, Subaru bore his fingers into the peeled pieces. He then continued to peel off the remaining black areas with enough fervour to make others think that he was possessed. In the end, he peeled off all the black spots from his fingertips to the front half of his right arm, and out came a clean, fresh new right hand for Natsuki Subaru.

Subaru: [Oh, oh my gooooddd!? ]

Utakata: [ Ukyan !?]

Witnessing the shocking event unfurling just before his very own eyes, no less on his own flesh, Subaru yelled out. Surprised by his yell, Utakata fell on her bottom.

However, Subaru had no time to spare to even give a helping hand to the fallen girl.

Subaru: [Wh, wh, wh… What’s going on with my hand! This is my hand… right?]

Still in a state of shock, Subaru opened and closed the new right hand. He also hesitantly touched his own face and prodded the ground with it.

In terms of its sense of touch and movement, there were no problems. It was completely normal.

The black pattern originally on his right arm was also gone. Subaru’s clean right hand was unmistakably the same as the one which had been tossed and knocked about during his year in another world. It was the right arm of the Lolimancer.

Subaru: [Wait, who’s calling who a Lolimancer!?]

Abel: [――I thought I heard you talking, what nonsense are you spouting?]

Confused, Subaru confirmed his right hand was in good health, and somebody came along. ――No, it was not just somebody. He knew only two people with such a haughty and arrogant way of speaking, and it was easy to distinguish between the two since they were separated by gender.

This was the voice of a man, namely――,

Subaru: [Abel, huh? Guess you lived.]

Abel: [Naturally. I am much more level-headed than you.]

Speaking with a snort, it was Abel, wearing his unchanged disguise. Subaru was becoming used to seeing it.

He had challenged the Lifeblood Ritual with Subaru, but somehow survived the battle with the Elgina. Rather, it should be said that it was thanks to him that Subaru had survived.

Because, most likely, it had been him who had brought down the Elgina.

Abel: [――Mm. You, how is your right arm? Are you done looking repulsive?]

Subaru: [Can you please stop talking like I can change the color of my right hand at will? This isn’t a Western-style video game character creation screen y’know, I don’t have that kind of freedom… The black part came off cleanly when I picked at it. Right, Utakata?]

Utakata: [ Yep . Suu’s right hand peeled off dry and crumbly ! Gross !]

Subaru: [I get it but geez!]

His cheeks stiffened from Utakata’s straightforward reaction, Subaru stuck out his right hand to Abel. Abel scrutinized it and muttered, “I see”.

Abel: [In any event, I do not care if it is returned to its previous state. I certainly had not expected a strike using the entirety of the magical sealing stone ring. Everything below the wrist was gone, and I believed you to be beyond saving.]

Subaru: [Wait wait wait, are you trying to scare me? Everything below who’s wrist was gone?]

Abel: [Yours.]

Utakata: [ Suu’s! ]

Abel answered with his arms crossed, and Utakata cheerfully thrust his right hand into the air.

Subaru shuddered at their answer, and stared at his lovely right hand. Not only had it been blown off, his right hand was now in brand new condition.

Subaru: [Th-there you go again, saying that sort of thing. If it was gone, then what’s with this right hand?]

Abel: [It was a disgusting and curious phenomenon. Your arm was gone, and on the verge of death I had you speak your last words. I thought you were a dying man but… from your hand, black sludge flooded out.]

Subaru: [Slu-sludge…?]

Abel: [In the blink of an eye it took shape, and formed a black arm. If you wish to ask me what happened, I would have to inquiry you back about the meaning of what you were doing to yourself.]

Pierced by his sharp look, Subaru’s breath caught in his throat.

His eyes returned to his right hand immediately, but no matter what Abel said, even Subaru did not understand what had happened to cause this result. However, the black pattern that had been engraved on his arm for some time――its disappearance was not unrelated, that much was certain.

Perhaps it was really the effect of the dragon blood at work but――,

Subaru: [Still, it becomes a question of why it wasn’t triggered up until now…]

That being said, close to three months had passed since the incident where Subaru had been showered in dragon’s blood.

Afterwards, during the journey through the Augria Sand Dunes and in the midst of the deadly struggle at the Pleiades Watchtower, Subaru had walked the line between life and death more times than ever before, and in the end entered the Empire.

During that time, numerous literally deadly situations came about, however, nothing conveniently happened to heal his wounds.

So why here, why now――,

Subaru: […There’s no point thinking about what I don’t understand. Besides, except for my right hand, my wounds haven’t healed at all.]

Subaru grumbled, as he checked his whole body. The broken fingers of his left hand, the wound on his back by his scapula, the strange burns overlapping on the nape of his neck, the numerous other bruises as well, none had healed.

Honestly, since only his right hand had been healed, it raised the possibility that, much to his misfortune, it had only been healed because of the black markings.

Subaru: [And what was on my right hand is gone too, so it probably won’t heal again… If you asked me to blow off my hand once more to test it, I couldn’t do it.]

Abel: [Ultimately, you are saying it is a situation you cannot speak of. You have a considerable amount of secrets it seems.]

Subaru: [I don’t want to be told that by a guy who hides his face…]

Subaru answered while making a bitter expression, and exhaled with an “ah”.

He had been leisurely thinking about the strangeness of his right hand, and checking on Abel’s safety, but he remembered there was something he had to prioritize over that.

He had participated in the Lifeblood Ritual, and if the end of the ritual had proceeded without him dying, that meant time had kept on flowing even while Subaru was unconscious.

That is to say, a number of hours had passed since then――,

Subaru: [――Rem. That’s right, Rem! I can’t sit here like this, I need to…]

His goal from the start was to bring back Rem, whom he had left behind.

For that reason he had challenged the Lifeblood Ritual, but if too much time had passed for her to be rescued, the meaning of risking his life in battle would be lost just like that.

Utakata: [Ah! Suu, don’t be silly ! You’ll die !]

Subaru: [Fuck that! Even if I don’t die, if Rem dies there’s no――Gghh]

Compelled by the anxiety in his heart, Subaru shifted his posture to get out of the bed.

It was at this point that Subaru noticed the apparent strangeness of the bed――He had been sleeping in a portable shrine-like box made of crossed logs seemingly taken out of a building.

From there Subaru came down with great force, groaning as pain pierced his entire body.

Subaru: [Gah, haah… hh]

Abel: [What foolishness. Did you truly think your body would recover from the verge of death simply because your right arm grew back? I told you. I witnessed you as a dying man. Do you think I erred in my judgement?]

Subaru: [That’s…]

Looking down at Subaru balled up in pain, Abel’s cold voice came down like rain.

As if to affirm Abel’s words, Subaru noticed a sensation deep within his own body, as if something was slowly but steadily oozing out.

Having experienced fatal injuries many times, Subaru knew this was a bad sign.

Like a balloon or a bucket with a hole where it should not be, with water or air or whatever else inside, it was a feeling as though what had been keeping him inflated was spilling out――,

Subaru: [But, Rem needs…]

Abel: [――. In this situation still, rather than yourself, you worry about that woman? Well, fine. I knew as much. Since that was what you desired, even at the cost of your right hand.]

Subaru: […Aaah?]

Abel: [This way.]

Subaru cared more about the safety of Rem, who was not here, than about his own life.

Abel let out a sigh of exasperation at Subaru’s words, and jerked his chin. Immediately, he walked off without a second glance at Subaru. As if to say “Follow me”.

Utakata: [Suu, can you walk ? Need my shoulder ?]

Subaru: [Nah, I can walk… If I used your shoulder, the height difference would just make it harder.]

Seeing her expression, seeing that Utakata was worried for him, Subaru forced a smile for her sake.

And then, Subaru took a deep breath and somehow managed to stand up. Limping, he caught up with Abel walking ahead.

Abel: [――――]

Abel was a little further ahead, waiting for Subaru to catch up with him.

Using rocks covered in green grass as footholds, he had a good view, looking out from near the cliff’s edge. With a great deal of effort, Subaru also clambered over the large rocks and stood next to him.

And finally――,

Abel: [――Look.]

Once more, in accordance with the small jerk of his chin, Subaru raised his eyes.

Like that, his field of vision increased, from the high ground Subaru swept his eyes over the unbroken view and opened his mouth.

As in open-mouthed astonishment. Because over there――,

Subaru: [――Ah?]

Black smoke rose up, the camp engulfed in flames――The Imperial Soldiers’ campground was swallowed up by the blaze.

△▼△▼△▼△

――He could hear battle cries. They reverberated through the air along with songs of victory.

Subaru: [――mh!!]

The people who were shouting war cries, or otherwise loudly singing a song Subaru had never heard of, were a group of olive-skinned female warriors. They ran freely through the battlefield, carrying bows on their back.

Due to the surprise attack by the People of Shudraq, the Imperial Army’s camp fell into a state of ruin. The Imperial Soldiers lost the ability to counterattack and could only hope to run and escape, only to get shot one after the other.

Subaru: [This, is…]

Abel: [Go on the offensive, steal their weapons, burn their medicine and pierce a hole in their command. After losing their fingers and head, all they can do is turn tail and run without a thought of how they look. ――How unsightly for so-called Sword Wolves.]

Subaru: [――――]

Below, the scurrying figures of the Imperial Soldiers could be seen as they were evicted by black smoke and drawn bows.

However, escaping from the Shudraqians, whose livelihood was to hunt beasts in the jungle, would be impossible. Their arrows, which could fly far and beyond, struck the fleeing soldier’s backs, piercing their hearts with deadly accuracy.

How many had managed to escape? How many had managed to survive?

Just how many people had died?

Subaru: [This…]

Abel: [Why do you look bewildered, Natsuki Subaru? This is what you wished. The information you brought forth helped your brethren achieve these results in battle. When do you laugh, if not now?]

Looking down at the battleground-turned campsite, Subaru felt faint. On top of that, Abel strongly pushed the reality of the situation in Subaru’s face, declaring that these were the acts Subaru wished for.

Unable to bear those words, Subaru stood up with great force and grabbed Abel by the collar.

Clutching Abel with his newly-healed right arm, he glared Abel closely in the eye.

Subaru: [I wished for this? This, this kind of scene!? Don’t be stupid…]

Abel: [――Then, did you think you could fulfill your wish without any blood being spilled?]

Subaru: [――mh]

Against Subaru’s angry outburst however, Abel snapped back. Cut deep by his sharp tongue, Subaru could not retort.

Subaru: [――――]

Being questioned if he thought that he could fulfill his wish without bloodshed, Subaru could not say anything in return.

He thought he could achieve it without bloodshed. He thought it was possible.

Because――,

Abel: [Let me rephrase, Natsuki Subaru. ――You thought you could realise your wish without any blood being spilled, aside from your own.]

Subaru: [――a]

Abel: [What a moronic notion. A foolish, incorrigible assumption. Did you seriously believe that, by spilling your blood, the warring third-party would cease? Stacked against the worthless heroic aspirations your strive to hold up, those are heroic reveries of the worst nature.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [You are human, Natsuki Subaru. You are neither a Hero nor a Sage. Therefore, humans like you will repeatedly bleed, die, take and be taken.]

Still having his collar clutched, Abel showered Subaru with metaphorical blows, as Subaru’s grip slowly weakened.

Hit by those words, Subaru’s jaw trembled. He half-heartedly shook his head.

That was probably true.

That was a reality he could not deny. He understood that. Even so, Subaru could not accept it.

Until now, he had not lived in this world accepting things like that.

Even after coming to another world, Natsuki Subaru’s morals were still that of a Japanese highschool student.

He could not acknowledge the tenets and commonsense of the battlefield as obvious, everyday facts.

Abel: [I do not desire to be a Hero. Nor do I cling to them, rely on them or entrust them. To shoulder various matters and advance towards a bountiful future. ――A Hero cannot do that.]

Subaru: [Wha, what… You, what do you want…]

Losing his strength, Subaru fell to his knees once again, unable to comprehend Abel.

Having challenged the Lifeblood Ritual together, he was the person Subaru had wrenched victory with. They unexpectedly matched each other’s wavelengths and Subaru thought they had had some good chemistry between them. But now, he could not understand what he was thinking.

Of course he was unable to. ――Against someone who refused to show their face, how could one come to understand the other.

Subaru: [From someone who doesn’t even show their face, what do you…]

Abel: [My face, is it? ――Then, let me show you.]

He was not even given time to finish wording his question.

Hearing Subaru’s thin, desperate retort, Abel put his hands on his face. As he undid the frayed knots on his wrapped mask with his fingers, a wind blew.

Blown by the strong winds, the mask energetically came undone, flying far away.

Flying, flying, flying past the battleground-turned encampment. Riding the outbound wind, it would travel elsewhere, anywhere, flying far and beyond――,

Abel: [We will go to the Imperial Capital. ――To the Capital where the throne I ought to be sitting in is.]

Subaru: [――――]

Watching the flying rags, Abel proclaimed those words of hyperbole.

Looking at that man, his face exposed, Subaru’s breath quietly hitched, unable to look away.

He saw an attractive black-haired young adult with memorable slit eyes.

He seemed to be in his early to mid twenties, an age higher than that of Subaru. His features were enchanting enough to steal your gaze. And although his hair was unkempt and his cheeks were dirtied, likely due to his time spent in the jungle and the settlement, they only served to amplify his natural beauty.

His arms and legs were long and slender. And on top of that slim body rested that face, so you could say that his existence had been made to be perfectly attractive.

Even so, his most defining characteristic lied in his black eyes.

Eyes that seemed to make anything prostrate before him. Their gaze extruding an air of overpowering supremacy and intimidation.

Feeling the full frontal assault of those eyes, Subaru, already down on his knees, became consciously aware that there was another reason that made him unable to move, besides being injured and fatigued.

He understood it. That his soul knew he must submit to the person in front of him.

The reason for his overpowering presence was because of――,

Abel: [――Vincent Abellux]

Subaru: […What?]

Vincent Abellux: [That is my name. At least, until I sit on my throne once again, that is my name. Though, I believe using Abel is most sensible, going forward.]

Saying that, Abel curled his lips in response to Subaru, struck with dumbfoundment.

Subaru realised too late that his smile was a terribly villainous and wild one.

Unable to understand the significance behind that name――,

Mizelda: [――Abel! Subaru!]

Subaru: [――mh]

What woke Subaru from his stupor was a sharp voice.

Snapping his head to the voice, he saw a figure swinging their hands as they walked towards them. The figure was an amazon with red-dyed hair, the Shudraq’s leader, Mizelda.

Mizelda relaxed her belligerent face into a friendly one.

Mizelda: [The takeover of the camp is complete . The casualties on our side are minimal and … oh? Abel, it’s my first time seeing your face but , you’re quite the lady-killer aren’t ya …]

Subaru: [Mizelda…]

Mizelda: [Ahem… Subaru, I’m glad you’re up . Dying back then , even as brethren, it did not come to mind .]

Coughing away her momentary enchantment by Abel’s true face, she looked at Subaru with kind eyes.

Her smile was warm, directed to those living, yet at death’s doorstep. Seeing that smile, Subaru’s heart and body shrunk. Like Abel, she had come to the conclusion that Subaru did not have long to live.

Additionally, her being able to put on a happy demeanor, even while he was dying, was because their viewpoints on life and death was different.

However, her stances on life and death were not the sole reason she could stay cheerful. Her next action confirmed it for Subaru.

Mizelda: [Holly, bring them here .]

Holly: [Yeah yeah, I will ~!]

When Mizelda beckoned, she received a cheerful reply in return.

Lumbering towards was the young woman with blonde hair, the one who’d effortlessly lifted a huge boulder―― Holly was her name.

She strode forward with a smile on her face, in her arms was――,

Holly: [Come on, stop being so fussy ~. Poor little Kuna, she hasn’t even woken up yet after you sent her flying ~]

Rem: [Like I’ll stop struggling…! Let me go! What do you want to do with me!?]

Holly: [Aww, come on, you’re not listening at all ~]

Though Holly only pouted, the girl locked in her arms showed no signs of stopping her struggle.

He had been wanting to reunite with her, to hear her voice, to look at her blue hair and her lovely face, which was currently puffed up in anger. It was none other than――,

Subaru: [――Rem!]

At that moment, Subaru forgot everything; the awe he felt for Abel, the pitiful condition he was in and even the sea of flames that this battlefield had been turned into. He tossed it all away and broke into a sprint.

He was painfully slow. Unable to simply leap off the boulder, he dragged his feet behind him, running barely faster than a toddler.

He dragged himself over to Holly, who had been carrying Rem and――,

Rem: [You…]

Subaru: [Rem! Thank goodness you’re okay…]

Rem: [You, you were behind this? You scum!]

The moment he stretched out a hand to her, she slapped him across the face.

The sudden, sharp sound startled Holly, Mizelda and even Utakata. That slap had been strong enough to blow him off his feet.

But he did not crumble, nor did he even utter a sound of complaint.

After all, what was there to be dissatisfied about.

Rem was here. She was alive, awake, talking. That was all he wanted.

Subaru: [Rem…]

Rem: [――tch, you, you and your…]

Even though he had been slapped with quite the force, Subaru nevertheless held Rem in an embrace. He took her from Holly as if he were snatching her away into his chest, much to her initial surprise, but immediately after her face reddened with rage.

And to punch him with her back put into it, she closed her hand into a fist and――,

Rem: […You―]

She stopped, seemingly having noticed how he was covered in wounds.

Rem: [――――]

Relief took away the strength in his knees, so Subaru plopped down to the ground right then and there, with Rem still held in his chest. And while in his chest, Rem looked―― and was left speechless by the injuries on his shoulders, at his torso, legs, left hand and many other places.

Subaru: […You were the one who broke my left hand, remember?]

Rem: [I know! But, everything other than that… You’ll die! We have to treat you right away…]

Mizelda: [It’s useless .]

Rem fretted over his wounds as Subaru gave her a weak smile. However, her request was instantly denied by Mizelda’s curt answer.

Rem’s breath caught, startled by how sharp Mizelda’s denial was.

And as she raised her face to look, Mizelda met her gaze, then shook her head slowly.

Mizelda: [His wounds are deep . Too deep . Even if we tend to them, they won’t heal . Only his will is keeping him with us here right now, but even that looks to be fading away .]

Rem: [Fading away… But why! Why now, why all of a sudden…!]

Mizelda: [――? Because he got the woman he was fighting for back . Why else ?]

She tilted her head to the side, slightly puzzled, then spelled it out for her as if it were the most natural conclusion.

Hearing that, Rem’s breath caught in her throat, and Subaru, unable to even lift his head, smiled bitterly.

Subaru: [Mizelda-san, that phrasing’s kinda…]

Mizelda: [Did I misspeak ? It’s a comrade’s final wish . Of course we’d do our best to comply . You’ve earned that, Subaru .]

Subaru: [Haha, much obliged…]

Half of him found Mizelda’s frank display of trust refreshing, while the other half of him found it detestable.

He knew all too well that their appearance and words held no lie; they were to be taken at face value. Thus, he made Rem shoulder everything else, including his heavy legs.

Though in the end, he made his own heavy legs even heavier――.

Rem: [Why, why why why…]

Unable to even lift his face, he silently listened to Rem’s voice.

He noticed her voice crack, and at some point, their positions had been flipped. He realized he was being lifted up by her shoulder.

Her blue eyes dart to him, watching him carefully. In them rose suspicion, distrust and sadness.

Rem: [Why, why do you have to go so far? Why, do you…]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [Why? Tell me.]

She inquired. About why he was doing such a thing.

He recalled a memory of this, of being asked the same question once before.

What had he replied back with, upon being asked this the first time? Once more, an important person was asking this of him.

But being so close to losing consciousness, he could not recall the rest of that memory.

So, he thought, he would give this girl, this girl who was on the verge of breaking into tears, the answer that was in his heart, at this moment.

Rem: [Why?]

He had been asked.

Subaru: [――Because, I want you to be happy.]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [I want you to laugh, to smile… That’s all I really want. That’s all I need.]

I want you to be surrounded by your loved ones, in a place where you’re accepted. There, I want you to be happy.

I want you to smile like you always do, that smile like a blooming flower, like the stars that twinkle in a clear night sky, far far away.

I just, want you to be happy. That’s all I ask.

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [――Eh? Wha… Wait! Wait…!]

Subaru’s body slowly grew limp.

His head hung low, his neck became unable to support it, and his upper body was about to tumble over. Rem immediately pulled him closer to herself with a firm grip, calling out to him as his head drooped down by her side.

There was no answer.

Mizelda: [――Dear comrades, may we bring peace to the spirit of this warrior .]

Mizelda straightened her posture, expressing respect and furthering it with a melody that began flowing out of her lips.

Following her song, Holly and Utakata, as well as the other People of Shudraq, the women who had previously been singing a song of victory, all started to sing in unison.

It was a requiem to bid farewell to a warrior, who had fought until his last breath, who had upheld his dignity to the very end――,

Rem: [Wait… That’s, but… to me, he’s…!]

Sent off by that requiem, Subaru was on the verge of relinquishing his hold on his life. Rem shook her head at his peaceful face, unable to accept it.

Rem: [――――]

She did not know why. She did not understand it, either.

In the end, what he told her had not answered her doubts.

But, she knew the answer would be lost forever at this rate, so――,

Rem: [Please, don’t die in a place like this… Don’t die, don’t die, don’t die…!]

The man who had looked at her so tenderly and compassionately, despite being encased in such an unbearable, repulsive smell that she wanted to instinctively avoid. You must not lose him here , it begged and pleaded to her soul.

Like that, Rem bit her lip, longing for salvation――,

???: [Aa, uu?]

Suddenly, simultaneously with the child’s groaning voice, Rem felt a hand on her shoulder.

Rem: [――ah,]

Turning around with tear-filled eyes, Rem saw that the golden-haired girl had placed a hand on her shoulder. Still looking as if she was zoning out, the girl stared at the unconscious Subaru.

When the girl mumbled out an, “Uauu,”

Rem: […This is…?]

Little by little, a warm sensation seeped into Rem from her shoulder, where the girl had touched her.

It was soft, a feeling that slowly tickled at the depths of her heart. Rem found it difficult to breathe, unable to hold back her tears from flowing down her cheeks.

Whatever it was that seeped into her from the girl’s palm, it was stimulating a strange sensation that laid within her.

It was swelling up, and she must not bottle it up like this. She had to set it free somewhere. Commanded by her instincts, Rem released it from her whole body.

It streamed down the girl’s palm, overflowing into Rem, like that――,

Subaru: [――――]

Pouring into Subaru’s body, who she had been holding, with his life in the balance.

????: [――Healing Magic, I see. Even I had not anticipated this.]

Rem: [Eh…?]

A man’s voice reached Rem’s ears, leaving her dumbfounded, unable to understand what exactly had occurred. Upon raising her head, she saw a black-haired man gazing at her through narrowed eyes, his arms folded together.

Rem was about to open her mouth to question him, and――,

????: [Close your mouth, woman. Although you are doing it subconsciously, it is a type of miracle, one that has been activated due to the conditions having been met. Should your mind wander, it will be broken off and lose its effectiveness.]

Rem: [――――]

????: [Leave your doubts and anger until you have finished what lies in front of you. Do not let this opportunity go to waste.]

There was a weight to the man’s words that Rem could not deny, so she closed her mouth right as she was about to argue back at him.

And then, just as the man told her, she focused on sending the warmth into Subaru’s body, placed in her arms.

She had no idea what sort of effect the heat would bring forth. However, Subaru’s breathing, which had been growing weaker as he laid in her arms, had regained a little bit of its stability.

That alone was enough for the current Rem.

Rem: […I still don’t know what you are, for now. But,]

But , she took a pause there and then, hesitating to continue what she was about to say, and closed her eyes.

I want you to be happy . Those words she had heard did not seem like a lie.

Rem: [If you don’t stay alive, then you won’t be able to see me smile.]

She called to him, almost as if she were whispering.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The healing light had been activated, and Natsuki Subaru’s fatal injuries were being treated.

????: [――――]

While folding his arms, the man who gazed down at the scene ― the person who had called himself Vincent Abellux let out a sigh, as Subaru’s life was just barely sustained.

The man considered Subaru to be terribly unlucky, but also extremely lucky at the same time. He had won over the hearts of the Shudraqians while on the verge of death, regained what he had wanted to regain on top of that, and he had also narrowly escaped from his own death.

He could also theorize that Subaru could be shrewd, having calculated that he would survive if he took back that blue-haired girl ― Rem, although the chances were narrow.

Vincent: [If he were truly that clever, then he would have had the broken fingers on his left hand healed to begin with.]

Despite having his fingers broken by Rem, and leaving them without any treatment, Subaru was a man who had wished to take her back, whilst being covered in blood and mud.

If he did all of that to make his ambition come true, it had to be admitted that Subaru’s ploy was unfathomable and otherworldly. However, the brilliance of a wise man could not be felt from him, neither did he appear to be one.

Not a slightest bit, not even a glimpse of the “hero” who was mentioned in various rumors, could be seen in that man.

Vincent: [It was supposed to be an offering to a man who would have been killed in action, however… If he survives, then I suppose that is fine as it is.]

Having lost the sensation that covered his face, the man narrowed his eyes while touching his face, the wind caressing his skin for the first time in a while.

Natsuki Subaru had narrowly escaped death, and a pledge of blood had been made with the People of Shudraq. It seemed as if the group of Imperial Soldiers had not been notified of anything, but that was also within the man’s expectations.

The people on this land ― no, the majority of the people in the Empire had yet to realize it.

They had not realized the grave crisis, the unprecedented, political upheaval that had arrived to the great power known as the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

However――,

Vincent: [Prime Minister Berstetz, you traitorous Nine Divine Generals, and you foolish Imperial Soldiers who are ignorant of the apex.]

Standing on the hill where the heat-laced wind was blowing, the man ― Abel turned around towards the Imperial Capital, which was located at the far west.

The heart of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, the Imperial Capital Lupugana, the land that held the throne, ought to be reclaimed――,

Vincent: [――Shiver and tremble as you await my return.]

And then――,

Vincent: [Since you have survived, after all… I shall have you accompany me, Natsuki Subaru. ――To take back the Vollachian Empire into these hands of mine.]

Translation notes :

[1] – The term 呪印, which we have localised as: curse, to the best of my knowledge, has only ever been used by Tappei to describe the curse of the Ulgarm back in Arc 2, as well as Roswaal’s Curse Seal, when he made his bet with Subaru in the LN version of Arc 4. Meanwhile, as for the term 呪縛, which is also used, we have localised it as a “Malediction” here to differentiate. Also, the term 呪縛 is the one used in the title for Arc 5, Chapter 45.

--- Chapter 13: As a Mortal ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Swaying, tottering, wobbling.

His consciousness wavered slowly.

Like a ship traveling across the vast ocean, it wobbled to the right, and to the left.

His consciousness teetered, its feeling heavy, and it felt as if he were going to become dizzy, despite his eyes being closed.

It was not enough. He did not have enough of everything.

Blood, flesh, bones, peace, anger, and happiness. Of those various things that formed a human, there was not enough.

He did not have enough of them, almost as if everything had been spilled somewhere, falling apart like droplets.

He had to gather them up, he thought.

He had to pick them up again, pack them in again, and then he had to stand up once again.

There was a place where he had to go. He had a desire that yearned to go there.

There was a reason why he had to live. He had a wish that cried out, I want to live .

That’s why, that’s why, that’s why…

Even if there was not enough of everything in him, even if he remained flawed and imperfect, he had to keep moving.

For that reason, Natsuki Subaru would――,

▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [――Ubeh,]

As soon as he awoke, Natsuki Subaru curled his lip at the sticky sensation on his face.

It felt like the area from his face to his chest was drenched. Its lukewarm sensation seemed similar to the sweat he would feel, on the morning after he had had a nightmare.

Combined with him spacing out with his head feeling heavy, he thought he might have had a fever, perhaps.

Subaru: […The ceiling is unfamiliar.]

Subaru mumbled out what he saw in his field of vision, a shabby wooden ceiling, with the intent of making it sound like a cliché.

He was in a shack, built by putting wooden materials together in a crude manner, and far from adhering to any architectural style. Subaru was confused on what to think of it for a while, looking at the masterpiece that compensated for its inexperienced technique with raw muscle.

What had caused him to be in this shack? To remember that, Subaru recalled his memories at a gradual pace.

Subaru: [If I remember correctly, after I exited the convenience store and blinked, I found myself in another world, I met Emilia-tan there, and ― it’s a bit long, so let’s omit the rest of the details.]

It was a monologue he would not let anyone else hear, but as he continued to joke around, the speed at which he could process his thoughts returned to him.

Yes, after young Natsuki Subaru had been summoned to a different world, he had met a super beautiful silver-haired girl, had gone on various great adventures after that, finally conquered the tower of sand, and had been sent away to a neighboring country.

Subaru: [I have no idea what I’m talking about…]

Anyway, the real situation at hand was how these bizarre situations kept persisting, almost to the point he wanted to bemoan his current predicament.

And then, although he searched through his own memories, he did not remember seeing this shabby ceiling, as expected.

Subaru: [Somewhere like the place in the Sanctuary is a narrow possibility, but the building from the time I was imprisoned by Garfiel was decent.]

Nowadays, the adorable Garfiel admired him and called him “Captain”, but the memory of being imprisoned by him, with his hands and feet tied together, lingered inside of Subaru, despite it being a memory from a world that was lost.

It was not as if Subaru held it against him, but being imprisoned was a valuable experience, so he could not quite forget it even if he tried.

However, the memories he had of his ceiling did not match the poor environment from back then.

He had been living life in a different world, in a place where the level of civilization was rather high, after all. Subaru, a man from the modern era, realized one of his few occasions of fortune right there and then.

While he was in filled with deep emotion, thinking about how he wanted to make that realization in a better environment――,

Subaru: [――hk,]

As he organized the disorderly contents of what went through his head like that, one by one, a sudden realization pierced through him without warning, almost like a clap of thunder.

Yes, this was not the Lugunican Kingdom, but this was the Vollachian Empire.

In the neighboring country where he had been unexpectedly thrown into, the people he could rely on were not there――,

Subaru: [Rem…!]

The girl who he had to protect no matter what had arrived in this country, together with him.

In addition to that, Subaru had been separated from her, and she was still with the dangerous men――,

Subaru: [Am I an idiot? No, I am definitely an idiot…! This isn’t the time to…]

???: [――What are you busying yourself and making a racket for?]

Subaru: [――ah,]

As Subaru immediately sat upright on the verge of going out to look for Rem with great determination, upon hearing a stiff voice thrown towards him from the side, his breath caught in his throat.

Subaru only noticed it as he sat up, but it seemed like he had been placed in a bed just as shabby as the ceiling. His eyes met with a pair of blue ones beside him, staring at him with a scornful gaze.

The eyes belonged to a girl with rather short blue hair, who was looking at him, her pretty eyes narrowed in a stern manner.

Subaru: [Re… m…?]

Rem: [――. I’m not really positive about answering, “yes” to that. I still haven’t acknowledged that I am this person you call Rem, after all.]

Subaru widened his eyes as Rem spoke to him stiffly, sounding as if she were trying to sound impassive to the best of her ability.

However, she was right in front of him, she was speaking, and he could also feel her warmth and sense the gentle fragrance that wafted from her, as evidence of this being neither a dream nor an illusion. Yes, the warmness of her hand also counted.

Subaru: [Huh? A hand?]

Rem: [――――]

Suddenly, Subaru was stunned as he realized his right hand was holding the girl’s ― Rem’s hand, under the ragged cloth covering his body.

He had no recollection of what had exactly happened, however.

Subaru: [Wait, were you holding my hand until I woke up?]

Rem: [Huh? Don’t say something so disgusting. You can tell by looking at it. You seized my hand and refused to let go.]

Subaru: [O-oh, I see. I guess that’s right. Yeah, I’m the one who was grabbing your hand…]

He had spurred Rem’s souring mood, unable to tell the difference between expectations and reality.

Apparently, he had been grasping Rem’s hand the whole time he had been unconscious. ――Even so, the fact she had not shaken him off weighed on his mind.

Rem: [What’s that look in your eyes?]

Subaru: [N-no, no, it’s nothing. Yes, it’s nothing.]

Rem: [I see. Let go of me already. Your hand is slimy with sweat.]

Subaru: [An enormous amount of damage done to an adolescent boy…!]

When said by a cute girl, it was a blow that would inflict an incurable wound, depending on the person receiving it.

Fortunately, Subaru only got away with nearly dying because he was made of tough stuff, but when he timidly let go of Rem’s hand, she brought her hand to her chest and wiped it on her clothes, resulting in him being hit by a follow-up attack.

Anyhow, aside from Subaru’s inner feelings――,

Subaru: [Rem, are you hurt anywhere? If you are hurt anywhere, please don’t hide it and tell me.]

Rem: [Huh?]

Subaru: [Eh, what’s that face for…? Did I say anything weird…?]

Setting aside their first interaction, Subaru wanted to be certain of Rem’s safety. However, despite his question being rooted out of concern for her wellbeing, Rem’s reaction was terribly frosty.

Subaru spontaneously panicked, wondering if he had said something he should not have, but he did not have the faintest idea of what it was.

All he had stated had been about his worry for Rem, without anything out of the ordinary.

Rem: […You’re the one who was seriously injured. You aren’t aware of it, even though you were at death’s door?]

Subaru: [Aware…? Umm, that’s…]

Rem: [I see, it seems like you aren’t. ――You can’t be trusted, just as I thought.]

Subaru swallowed as she met his eyes, all the while flinging out words of rejection at him.

She had lost her Memories, the smell of the miasma that encircled Subaru had been of assistance in making a bad impression of him, and Rem’s attitude towards him had remained consistently stand-offish and cold.

Much more than that, he had been unable to create an opportunity to bridge the rift between her and himself this time.

Subaru had been really desperate, trying his best to save Rem from the Empire’s camp――,

Subaru: [――ah,]

Another piece of his deficient memory was filled, and it felt as if he were under an illusion that caused his brain to tremble.

The astonishment he currently felt was special to the point it rivaled Rem’s existence.

Subaru had risked everything to save Rem, after he had been captured by the Empire’s camp.

In the end, he had come across the tribe in the forest ― the People of Shudraq, and underwent their ritual, along with the prisoner of war who had been placed in the same cage with him.

And then――,

Subaru: […I have a right hand… And it’s not black.]

Subaru mumbled as he lifted his right arm, looking at the torn sleeve and the arm that peeked out from there.

A dreadfully dark pattern that had surfaced on his right arm. An aftereffect of an encounter with the Sin Archbishops at the Watergate City of Pristella, but it was gone without a trace, despite having been indelible until now.

――That black pattern had treated the wounds of his tattered right arm.

It was an event he remembered as a horrible memory, but it seemed like it was neither a dream nor a nightmare. No, it was a nightmare, but it appeared to be something that had really occurred.

His crippled right arm had been healed, and Rem was at his bedside.

That meant Subaru had finished the Lifeblood Ritual without dying, and he was also successful in taking back Rem. ――Causing many casualties in return.

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: […You look pale. I think… you should stay in bed.]

She declared that as she looked as Subaru, who grew silent as he glanced down at his unnaturally taintless arm.

Showing her concern to someone when they looked ill, even if she did not have a good opinion of them, was probably a result of her innate kindness. Or it may have been because Subaru’s expression looked like a dead man’s.

A part of him wanted to depend on her kindness.

However, he could not do that. There were too many things he had to make sure of.

Subaru: [Thanks for worrying about me. But, I have a lot of things I need to ask you about… Just asking, but this house belongs to someone from the People of Shudraq, right?]

Rem: [They were calling themselves that, it seems.]

Subaru: [I see… If that’s the case, I want to see Mizelda-san and the others. Also,]

It was a subject he did not want to ask her about, but he could not afford to not verify it.

Rem, who had been imprisoned in the Empire’s camp, was here. If so, he was also curious about the person ― Louis, who was similarly held captive over there.

To put it bluntly, he was worried.

Not about Louis’s safety, but more about the damage that would be caused if she were to be left alone.

Subaru: [I’m gonna be honest with you, but where’s that girl… Louis?]

Rem: [――. You have a disgruntled look on your face. Why do you keep her at a distance?]

Subaru: [It’s hard to explain. And I have reasons you probably won’t understand even if I did.]

Any conversations regarding Louis would always incur Rem’s displeasure.

Subaru felt pained by that, but he also thought of it as a matter that could not be communicated by talking about it.

Subaru: [Anyway, where’s she? Was she left in the ca…]

Rem: [――You’d know if you looked to your left.]

Subaru: [Ah?]

Pondering over what she had told him, Subaru widened his eyes, and directed them to his left ― towards the side opposite to Rem, who was at his right.

And then, glancing over, Subaru’s face grew stiff from the delayed bewilderment.

Laying there was――,

???: [Zzz… zzz…]

Subaru: [W…ha…]

Louis was sleeping soundly, showing off her innocent, sleeping face.

She was at his left side, sleeping in the same bed and wrapped in the same, ragged cloth. Saliva dripped down from her wide open mouth, and looking at her shameless display, Subaru finally caught onto the situation.

The identity of the stickiness and wet sensation on his chest and face, when he had awoken was――,

Subaru: [――――!!]

Subaru let out a soundless scream.

▼△▼△▼△

???: [Oh, Subaru ! It seems like you’ve woken up without any problem .]

The person who welcomed Subaru as he showed up at the clearing, guided by Rem, was Mizelda.

Her black hair dyed red, the young matriarch of the People of Shudraq walked over to Subaru, who exited the shack, and double-checked his condition from head to toe.

He let out a small, dry laugh at Mizelda’s unreserved, yet powerful demeanor that felt rather refreshing.

Subaru: [I made it back alive, thanks to you. It seems like I’ve made you worry, too.]

Mizelda: [Don’t worry about it . If you were to die, all we have to do is return the soul of our brave comrade to the skies, and bury your corpse under the soil as we mourn . It’s a good thing your soul remained instead of that happening .]

Subaru: [Mizelda-san…]

Crossing her muscular arms, the olive-skinned, tall Mizelda held her head high.

Her unpretentious words bore into his chest, and Subaru felt quietly, and deeply impressed by them. Although, to be honest, back when he had been captured by the Shudraq and placed inside that prison, he had steeled himself for another death.

Like that, while Subaru was impressed by her, Mizelda narrowed her eyes with a, “By the way ,”

Mizelda: [It’s too bad you’re taken . Rem and Louis… will you add at least one more person ?]

Rem: [Mizelda-san!]

Next to Subaru, Rem raised her voice at Mizelda’s somewhat mischievous-sounding offer.

She had a stern expression on her face, still shaky on her feet as she walked with her new wooden cane. Having woken up just a little while ago, Louis was clinging onto her arm, her eyes widening out of surprise at Rem’s voice.

While caressing Louis’s blonde hair, Rem called Mizelda by name once again, and then,

Rem: [You shouldn’t say that. I do not trust, or understand this person.]

Mizelda: [Then, could he be given to me ?]

Rem: [Yes, of course. I will give him to you.]

Subaru: [The conversation isn’t reflecting my will!]

Louis: [Aaa! Uuu!]

With a prickly attitude, Rem agreed to the proposal to transfer Subaru.

When Subaru rushed to put a stop to it, Louis shouted as well, going along with the momentum of the atmosphere.

“I’m only joking ,” Mizelda laughed as she heard him, but Subaru could not hold back his astonishment once he saw her affable disposition.

He could barely remember what had happened right after the Lifeblood Ritual.

Even after that, he still could not define the line that distinguished his memories from his desires, made to be favorable to him. Seeing how Mizelda was acting, it did not seem like a fantasy, however.

Subaru: [So, for once, I was able to build a good relationship with someone I’ve met for the first time. That’s great, but…]

Mizelda: [Mh, you look pale . Are you feeling unwell ? I can cut off any impaired parts on your body .]

Subaru: [I feel like it’s going to turn out to be a disaster if I carelessly say, “Yes, please!”, so I’ll decline.]

It was not a joke, but an earnest offer, probably.

He figured it could be a fatal mistake if he were to say, “Yes, please!” without thinking it through.

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [Last time, I didn’t have the time to look around leisurely, but…]

Going around in a circle to observe the village of the Shudraqians, Subaru muttered.

The village existed deep inside a vast forest, and it looked like a world where the level of civilization’s improvement had come to a halt, including the shack where Subaru had awoken.

It was a sight befitting the impression of what would be called an ethnic minority, living in an uncultivated jungle.

Amazons who lived their lives while taking part in hunting, with no male workers ― it seemed like an undeveloped area, indeed, as Subaru saw no signs of civilization in the village.

Subaru: [Their numbers are few, so they can keep living by going hunting everyday… but, I…]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru murmured, knitting his eyebrows in a distressed manner while biting his lip.

Rem was wordlessly staring at his face from the side, with a cross look on her face. Whatever she was thinking in the depths of her blue eyes, the current Subaru was unable to perceive it.

He was scared of being unable to read her thoughts. He also could not smile back with ease at Mizelda, who had smiled at him.

That was why, in order to overcome this situation――,

Subaru: [I want to talk to you, Mizelda-san. ――I think I also need to speak to that guy… as well.]

Mizelda: [… Yeah . You said it at a good time . He’s probably at the meeting area with Taritta and the others right now .]

Hearing Subaru’s words, Mizelda nodded and jerked her chin.

She was pointing towards a large building at the back of the clearing ― a place that had been referred to as the meeting area. It was most likely a place that fulfilled its role as its name suggested, and setting aside whether it was the most fine-looking construct in the village or not, it seemed as if the role had been assigned to the largest building.

Subaru: [――Let’s go.]

Locating his destination, Subaru began walking in that direction.

He held out his hand to be of assistance to Rem, just in case, but she had rejected it. Taking Louis with her, she indicated that she would walk on her own with her attitude.

Laughing dryly at the invariable response Rem sent towards him, Subaru tightened his expression.

And then, the group passed through the entrance of the meeting area, and went inside.

There――,

???: [It seems like you are finally awake. Have you enjoyed yourself, Natsuki Subaru?]

Yes, he was greeted by a masked man, who sat on the ground of the meeting area with one knee raised.

▼△▼△▼△

Amidst the Shudraqians, who were surrounding a fire, a man had slipped into the center of the meeting place.

Subaru’s cheeks twitched at his reception, and he was also at a loss for words.

Subaru: [――――]

???: [What is it? Surely, you shall not declare that you have lost your voice, in return for barely returning alive? A price such as that… Perhaps, it was an appropriate one to pay, looking at the results.]

Subaru: [No, I haven’t lost my voice. My voice isn’t gone, but I’m at a loss for words. What’s with that mask of yours?]

Having said that, Subaru pointed at the man who spoke in an arrogant manner.

Placed on the man’s face, where Subaru’s finger was pointing at, was what looked like an Oni mask, painted in red and white. However, since the Oni existed as a race in this world, it could not be an actual Oni mask.

A mask that simply resembled the face of something frightening. That was what the man was wearing.

The man, sounding disinterested, responded to Subaru’s indication with a, “Yes,”

???: [It is an offering. Originally, I had the intention of keeping my face hidden going forward. I suppose it will do. It was troublesome to re-wrap my face every time I washed it.]

Subaru: [Yeah, it looks like you might get itchy if it gets dirty… Wait, it’s not the time to be talking about that.]

???: [Oh?]

Grimacing at the man’s indifference, Subaru walked towards him from the front without hesitating.

And then, seated in a circle together with the man, Taritta attempted to stop him with a, “ Hey. ”

However――,

???: [Halt, Taritta. It seems as if this person has business with me.]

Taritta: [Y-yes… however… ]

???: [When I say it is fine, then it is fine. Are there any other words that are necessary?]

Held back by none other than the man, Taritta shook her head and backed off.

It seemed like the man had won over a hefty amount of trust from the People of Shudraq, all within a short time period. ――No, considering that attitude, “control” was more appropriate than “trust”.

Taritta neither acted out of fear nor trust, but respect. The same applied to the other Shudraqians that surrounded the same area, at least.

Subaru had no idea what sort of method the man had used in order to do that, however.

Subaru: [For now, I just want to speak to you, one-on-one. ――Vincent Abellux.]

Vincent: [――――]

Subaru declared, standing in front of the man who was sitting, gazing down at him. He could not see how the man’s expression had shifted behind his mask upon hearing Subaru’s words.

However, the air around the meeting place grew tense, and it was almost as if he could feel that the temperature had decreased.

The pressure in the atmosphere almost made him inadvertently hold his breath, but Subaru endured it with willpower alone.

And then――,

Vincent: [I shall overlook the first time because of your befuddlement, so do not make me repeat myself. Therefore, know that there shall not be a third time. You shall withhold yourself from uttering my name indiscreetly.]　[1]

Subaru: […What if I say, I don’t want to?]

Vincent: [I shall administer punishment accordingly. I know a great number of ways to force you to surrender.]

The man stood up on the spot, glaring at Subaru while facing him directly.

Judging from the feeling of his proclamation and his demeanor, there were no falsehoods within the man’s words. There was no possibility of them being a bluff, either. Even if the number of moves he could make and the measures he could take were limited, Subaru was sure the man could implement the punishment he had been talking about.

Subaru: [You’re an annoying guy…]

Vincent: [Then, will you make me say it a third time?]

Subaru: [――. No, I’ll pass. I didn’t come here to argue. ――Abel.]

It’s meaningless to remain stubborn , Subaru thought, giving in first.

Like that ― Subaru decided he would heed the advice of the masked man and call him Abel. Drawing his chin back at Subaru’s decision, Abel commented, “A wise choice.”

Abel: [Had you not withdrawn, then there would have been an instance of bloodshed.]

Subaru: [Ha, you wish. I’ll probably offend you if I say this, but I think it’ll be just barely an even match if we both went at it.]

Abel: [If that is the case, you are the one who should look behind himself.]

Subaru: [Behind myself…?]

Abel said to Subaru, who had received his earlier words as provocation and crinkled up his nose. When he complied and turned around, his shoulders shook as he exclaimed, “Uweh!”.

Rem was standing there, watching the argument unfold between the two men with an icy stare.

Subaru: [U-umm, Rem-san? Your face…]

Rem: [No? It’s just… Even after you were about to die, having been asleep for three days, it seems like you’re ridiculously stubborn, refusing to take good care of your own body. Why don’t you just drop dead at the side of the road, then?]

Subaru: [Sorry! I’m sorry, I won’t do it again!]

Giving in to Rem’s cold eyes, Subaru apologized desperately.

In the end, he could not make any changes to Rem’s disappointed expression, but he had a sudden realization.

It came out of the blue, but there was a high possibility that the reason why Subaru had been able to survive, narrowly escaping from his death, was thanks to Healing Magic, unless there was some sort of miraculous elixir.

If that was the case, the person who did that was――,

Abel: [Including that, I must speak with you.]

Subaru: [Abel…]

Abel had apparently deciphered Subaru’s feelings after seeing him hold his breath. He shrugged his shoulders lightly, then turned his face in Mizelda’s direction.

Abel: [Mizelda, make everyone leave. I only require myself and this man to be here.]

Mizelda: [Well, well, you’re just doing as you please, now . I would’ve been angry if you weren’t handsome .]

Taritta: [Sister, please get angry even if you’re up against a handsome man… ]

While Mizelda obeyed Abel’s orders without any resistance, Taritta’s shoulders dropped as she looked at her sister.

However, Taritta had also followed Abel’s command earlier, so her words were unconvincing.

Once Mizelda, the chief of the tribe, had been persuaded, the other People of Shudraq would not stay put.

All of them streamed out of the meeting place, one after another. The problem was whether Rem, and in addition, Louis should be placed among the wave of Shudraqians, but――,

Abel: [It is inconvenient for you to speak about your desired topic if that woman is here, is it not?]

Subaru: [Gh…]

He saw through the reason of my hesitation , Subaru thought, his breath catching in his throat from Abel’s words.

However, in the end, what Abel had said was correct. Subaru did not want Rem to hear the conversation that would come after this.

Subaru: [Rem, can you step outside with everyone else? It’ll be over soon… Or, well, I don’t know if we’ll get it done soon, but we won’t take too long.]

Rem: [When you put that way, it sounds like I’m the one who’s behaving like a spoiled child.]

Subaru: [I didn’t mean it like that… Then, can you step outside for now?]

Rem: […What would you do if I were to say, “I don’t want to”?]

Subaru: [Eh!?]

He was astonished by Rem’s response, having believed his hands to be already full from dealing with Abel.

Subaru immediately understood she was ridiculing his interaction with Abel from a short while ago, but he was a complete pushover whenever Rem held her ground.

If it were possible, he wanted to grant any of her wishes and let her do whatever she wanted to do.

However――,

Subaru: [――. ――――. I think… I don’t want you to… listen to this.]

Rem: [I could remain here by force.]

Subaru: [Then…. Then, I’m being cheap, but I’ll run away in that case.]

If Subaru started running, then Rem would not be able to catch up to him with her speed, since she had to use a cane.

That was the only point where Subaru could clearly surpass her right now. He had to say it was rather shameful of him, as Subaru could not think of anything else other than that.

Louis: [Uuu.]

Louis groaned as she pulled Rem’s arm, in front of the distressed Subaru. Apparently, she was trying to take Rem out of the meeting place.

Looking at Louis, Rem chuckled,

Rem: [I’m sorry, I must’ve made you worry. It’s just… I wanted to say mean things to this smelly person, just a little bit.]

Louis: [Auu.]

Subaru: [Smelly person…]

The term pierced him, deep and razor-sharp, more so than any other “mean things”, but that was currently not of importance.

Just as she had told Louis, Rem quickly withdrew with a, “Well then”, and left the meeting place with the blonde girl in tow, while using her cane.

Subaru scratched his cheek as he watched Rem’s back, with it never turning around for her to look back at him.

Whether Rem seriously did not have any interest in Subaru, or whether she had said that out of consideration, it was hard for him to make a judgement.

Of course, he would be happier if it were the latter, however.

Subaru: [She was brought here with the worst impression of me. I won’t wish for more, that’s my lifestyle.]

Abel: [You have downright ridiculous perseverance and vanity. ――Sit, I shall listen to what you have to say.]

And so, the two were left alone in the meeting area. Following what Abel said, Subaru dropped himself onto the ground, sitting cross-legged.

In front of him, Abel also seated himself on the ground, with one knee up. He watched Subaru through his mask.

Sitting opposite of the burning bonfire in the middle, the two men faced off against each other.

Subaru: [First thing I want to ask, how much of it was a dream, and how much of it was real.]

Abel: [Hm. I suppose that is a question no one but you would ask. How would you like me to answer? Everything was a dream, we avoided utter catastrophe and the situation is approaching a peaceful conclusion. Would hearing that satisfy you?]

Subaru: [You know Utakata and utter cata-strophe kinda sound similar, you might confuse me with the girl if you say that…]　[2]

A young girl, one of the People of Shudraq. Subaru was pretty sure her name was Utakata.

The unintentional pun was confusing, but that was not the true meaning behind Abel’s words. ――No, Subaru understood what Abel had meant, and used that light joke as a brief escape.

Abel did not overlook Subaru’s timidity.

Abel: [I do not plan to keep up with your cowardice, Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: […Yeah, I know. ――Attacking the Empire’s camp, that was real, correct?]

Abel: [Of course, that is correct. The Empire’s camp deployed outside of Buddheim was completely destroyed with the power of the Shudraq. The scene you saw was no illusion.]

――Again, Abel confirmed the reality of that scene.

Hearing that, Subaru felt something profoundly heavy pierce the back of his chest. Tightly biting his lips, he used the pain to keep his consciousness from fading.

That kind of easy escape was not permitted for Natsuki Subaru.

Subaru: [… I, I understand the situation now. You commanded the people of Shudraq and attacked the Empire’s campsite, chasing them away. That’s the jist of it.]

Abel: [Yes. However, that explanation is lacking. Let me supplement.]

Subaru: [Supplement?]

Abel: [I commanded the Shudraq to destroy the encampment. Moreover, that was done with no casualties suffered on our side.]

Subaru: [――. So, is that you just bragging about how amazing your commanding ability is?]

Abel: [No, that is not the case. ――This feat is your achievement.]

Towards Abel, who shook his head, Subaru widened his eyes in surprise with an audible “Ah?”.

It was a completely unexpected statement. Abel actually acknowledging Subaru’s achievements was one thing in and of itself, but Subaru could not even fathom as to why he was getting any sort of credit.

What in the world was was he talking about――

Abel: [Do you not understand? The reason why the Shudraq and I could achieve a flawless victory was because we had detailed knowledge of the enemy’s organisation. We got this information from none other than you yourself.]

Subaru: [――Hah?]

On top of his raised knee, Abel spoke with his chin rested on his hand. Meanwhile, Subaru’s thoughts came to a standstill.

Those words were completely contrary to his expectations. It did not just come out of left field, it gut-punched him from left field. Finding it difficult to accept the implications behind those words, Subaru opened and closed his mouth silently like a fish――,

Abel: [If you roughly know the enemy’s stationing, layout and personnel, the probability of success of a siege rises. In reality, we won with no casualties. That was your contribution. You even received a reward.]

Subaru: [Re… ward…?]

Abel: [We safely rescued your woman. I reward work. I do not have the ability to reward the dead. I thought that only while you still drew breath but… hm, the devil’s luck in you is strong.]

Although he had been told that he had extremely good luck, Subaru was still in a state of shock.

It could be that, as far as Abel was concerned, those words were supposed to be considered a compliment or praise. However, unfortunately, Subaru did not have the capacity to accept them, nor did he have the mores rooted in him to do so.

That was natural, of course. ――Why did he have to be happy about being useful as a tool of war.

Subaru: [Why did I, even talk about the campsite…]

Abel: [It was the side-effects of the medicine. After finishing the Lifeblood Ritual, you were on the verge of death. There was a need to keep you alive until the takeover of the campsite and the rescue of the woman was complete. The medicine used kept your mind in a clouded state. Hence why you spoke.]

Subaru: [I just blabbed about anything that was asked of me…?]

Aghast, Subaru held his face in his hands, his voice trembling.

It was true, Subaru had a general understanding of the particulars inside the encampment. He had once spent several days in the camp as a choreboy after all.

He knew what was where and the rough number of people that were there. He also knew where their weapons and tools were stored, so if one were to crush those locations as a first strike, it was no question that they would get the overwhelming advantage. He understood that.

He understood, but so what if he did.

Subaru: [Medicine!? Are you messing with me!? Using that kind of thing without asking me! You…!]

Abel: [However, without it, you would have died, unable to reunite with the woman. It means the woman’s Healing Magic would not have reached you, either. There is no reason for you to speak ill of me, who let a dead man live.]

Subaru: [O-of course there is…! I… I didn’t want to assist in a war! So many people… died… but, you’re…!]

Abel: [――It seems like you are misunderstanding something.]

He said bluntly to Subaru, who was breathing heavily, positioned in a stance to denounce evil.

Pierced by the coldness in Abel’s tone, Subaru stiffened his cheeks.

Subaru: [Misunderstand, you say? What am I misunderstanding, exactly?]

Abel: [For example, we shall pretend your consciousness was not befuddled by the medicine. In order to rescue that woman, you would still need the aid of the Shudraq, nevertheless. Naturally, you would disclose what you know, and give it your all… If so, you would have spoken about who is assigned to where in the camping grounds.]

Subaru: [Ah, uh…]

Abel: [You understand it, do you not? The result would be the same. Whether you were on the verge of death or not, the secrets of the encampment would be exposed by your knowledge, and those soldiers would perish.]

Receiving Abel’s indication, Subaru searched for a way to protest against it.

However, Abel was correct, and Subaru could imagine what would have happened in that case, off the top of his head.

In fact, had he lived through the Lifeblood Ritual in a better state, and had there been a discussion on forming a plan to save Rem, then Subaru would have talked about the Empire’s camp.

He would have divulged the positions of the soldiers, as well as their numbers, and he would have used his knowledge to aid him in thinking up any measures to save Rem.

Subaru: [But, I would be a part of the council of war in that case. I would’ve definitely been against a strategy that would result in casualties. So…]

Abel: [You claim you would have been able to convince them? Would it have been possible for you to convince the people who do not know, nor have any other means aside from bloodshed, find a more appropriate method of carrying things out, and save the woman without any casualties, peacefully and civilly?]

Subaru: [That’s…]

Abel: [I will tell you this. ――That… is what would be called a pipe dream.]

Pierced by Abel’s words, Subaru’s soul shrieked as it bled out.

No! , he wanted to yell, wanted to deny Abel’s words. However, everything that came out of his mouth was baseless, driven by emotion, and it would not be able to inflict a single crack on Abel’s mask, nor make his expression waver.

The things they saw were different from one another. They led their own lives differently.

Contrasting views on life and death laid within Subaru and Abel, as well as the People of Shudraq. And, it was impossible to remove and break through such a wall.

During the short time in which he had lost Rem, at the very least. Certainly.

Subaru was sure of it.

Subaru: […I didn’t want to give up just because of that.]

Abel: [In return for your perseverance, someone other than you would die. Perhaps, that person may be a complete stranger to you. Or they could be someone who may be akin to your other half. When you stand still and indulge in your foolish thoughts, it means you are allowing that to happen.]

Abel carried on with shoving it into his face, despite Subaru cursing the unforgivable reality while grinding his teeth.

Perhaps, in exchange for the harsh, unmerciful way of how things had been done, Abel had reeled in a definite result. However, why did he have the privilege of selecting which lives would be lost in return?

Subaru: [Who do you think you are? Do you think you’ve become a God or something……?]

Abel: [Fool. I am neither a God nor a Hero. Naturally, I am also different from those wicked Observers who look down on this world. ――I am a King. A King amongst Kings.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [The one who stands at the apex is called the Emperor by their people. ――I, am that.]

Abel announced, placing a hand on his chest daringly.

Subaru could not see his expression beyond the mask that hid his face. However, Subaru imagined Abel’s face, a face he had only seen once, displaying a bold smile, a bright fire lit within his eyes.

Emperor . Hearing that, the thought of holding his breath completely slipped from his mind.

The man had proved his existence with his own words, in such an imposing, majestic way.

And then, Abel ― Vincent Abellux continued speaking to Subaru, the latter shell-shocked, the former maintaining the dignified tone of his voice.

Vincent: [――The seventy-seventh Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire. That is me.]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [However, I have left my position as of now, having been ousted from the apex.]

Translation notes :

[1] – Vincent may be referring to the time when Subaru was drugged.

[2] – TL Note: In the Japanese text, Abel uses the word 泡沫. Subaru is making a joke/pun out of it because 泡沫 (the word) and ウタカタ (the girl) are both pronounced as “Utakata”.

--- Chapter 14: Unbridgeable Values ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI , THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [――――]

――The Seventy-Seventh Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

Hearing Abel give his title, Subaru’s mind went blank.

The reason was not because he was unable to take in the meaning of the words, nor that he was afraid to square off against royalty.

Certainly, in this other world he was in, this was the first time Subaru had met royalty in person.

By the time when Subaru had been summoned to another world, all members of the Royal Family of the Kingdom of Lugunica had succumbed to illness. Felt was suspected of being a surviving royal, but Felt didn’t recognize herself as such, and since she had nary a trace of anything like royalness, she didn’t count.

In that respect, of all the people Subaru had met in this world, the ones of the highest station were the people he happened to see at the place of the Royal Selection, the dignitaries of the Council of Wise Men, or perhaps the Duchess Crusch.

Roswaal was also a Margrave of a remote region, which in itself was a high position. ――Actually, as Emilia was a Royal Candidate in the selection of the next sovereign, what kind of position did that correspond to?

Subaru: […Wait, this isn’t time to be running away from reality.]

Subaru restrained himself before his thoughts could become scattered and chaotic.

In any case, the important thing was that Abel had revealed himself to be the Emperor . Ever since he came across him on the jungle plain, Subaru had a feeling he was no ordinary person.

Still, he would never have imagined that this person actually held the position of Emperor.

Provided that――,

Subaru: [Well, if it’s actually true.]

Abel: [You doubt my word?]

Subaru: [It’s only natural to doubt it. How is it in the middle of a forest I just happen to get stuck with the most preeminent person in the country? I can easily believe your brazenness is Emperor-class, but…]

Then, Subaru paused, and scowled directly at the fiendish face Abel wore.

From Abel’s side, only the sharpness of his gaze could be felt as they stood facing each other, which was not fair. Certainly, there was a strength of will in Abel’s voice that only a person of importance could possess.

Having come in contact with people of various stations in this world, Subaru’s intuition verified that. ――Still, that was not what this was about.

Subaru: [It’s like I said before. How the hell am I supposed to trust a guy who doesn’t even show his face, huh?]

Opposite the open fire, through the flickering flames, Abel considered Subaru’s words.

Subaru glared harshly at Abel’s masked visage, referring to the words they had exchanged while he watched the burning encampment in a daze.

Abel’s face had been concealed by old rags rather than a mask then, but he had said the same thing to him.

And finally, having heard that, Abel had undone the binds and revealed his face of his own accord.

Abel: [You are a tiresome man, going on and on about inconsequential matters.]

While saying that, he set the mask to the side, in that same moment.

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [What is with that insolent look? There is nothing about me that is exceptionally different from you.]

Subaru: […That’s true, in part. I’m sensing God’s spite in the arrangement.]

Staring fixedly at Abel’s face, the irony of it struck Subaru.

It could be said that Abel and Subaru were similar. However, that was only speaking in broad terms. When broken down to a finer degree, they were different on a grand scale.

Glossy black hair, an imposing sharp-eyed look. It was an overbearingly powerful impression, but his devilish face had a peculiar charm that was difficult to look away from――,

That was the countenance of the Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

Nevertheless, Subaru had no recognition of that face. From his position as a Knight of the Royal Selection Candidate Emilia, he had, somehow, also become involved in national affairs of a neighboring country.

Subaru: [Is that how it is? Even though you’re at the top of the nation, your face is…]

Abel: [There is no reason you would know it. From the beginning, my face has not been seen outside of the Imperial Capital. The reason being there are far too many in this country aiming for my head.]

Subaru: [So it’s for self-defense? You must’ve really stirred up people’s resentment, huh.]

Abel: [No. It is because being powerful is the creed of the citizens of the Empire. The weak-willed must die, the frail must die, and the cowardly must die… because the strong deserve to have it all.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [The position of the Emperor is also no exception. It is the grounds for the Empire’s unparalleled strength as a nation.]

Resting his chin on his own knees, Abel spoke of Vollachia’s extreme ideology, leaving Subaru at a loss.

His words were not false. Having spent a few days at the Imperial Soldiers’ camp, Subaru knew it too. Todd and the other imperial soldiers would likely greatly approve of Abel’s words just now.

Them included, the citizens of the Empire earnestly believed in the notion that victory would balance out everything.

The way they existed was the embodiment of, “Long live the Empire”.

If they could fulfil that, then they would not hesitate to burn down the jungle to exterminate a tribe.

If they could fulfil that, launching a surprise attack on their fellow countrymen and massacring the soldiers was also――,

Subaru: [――Wait, that doesn’t make any sense.]

Abel: [What is it?]

Subaru: [For example… For example, if you were really the Emperor, then why did you attack the Imperial Soldiers’ camp? If you just walked over there and spoke with the camp’s higher-up, then…]

Abel: [Fool. How could I saunter over there with such nonchalance? I do not have a desire to end my own life. Do not lump me in with yourself.]

Subaru: [I don’t have a death wish either. But, suicide…?]

Subaru did not understand the reason as to why an Emperor interacting with his country’s soldiers would be referred to as a suicidal act.

To Abel, all of those Imperial Soldiers should be his subordinates. It was unreasonable to consider it as a suicidal act to interact with them. ――No, there was a way to rationalize it.

That was――,

Subaru: [If I haven’t misheard it, then… Did you say you were ousted from the position of the Emperor?]

Abel: [It seems like you did not fail to hear it. However, I have also announced that I will not repeat myself.]

Subaru: [Don’t joke around! It’s an important section, isn’t it. Uh, is it true that you’ve really been kicked out of the Emperor’s…]

With Abel’s unchanging expression, Subaru started to doubt whether he was a human like Subaru himself, or not.

Because if Abel’s circumstances were just as Subaru had predicted, then he must be in a situation that was practically hopeless.

The thought made Subaru hesitate to continue his words.

Abel: [Your way of thinking is correct.]

However, Abel nodded, stepping over Subaru’s hesitation with ease.

In front of Subaru, who was holding his breath, Abel’s gaze was lowered ever so slightly, staring at the burning fire. The wood crackled amidst the flames, and the faint noise sounded as if they were throes of death.

Abel closed one eye whilst listening to it,

Abel: [The group of Imperial Soldiers that had been deployed outside of Buddheim were dispatched by my political opponents, in order to dispose of me. To be precise, you have become embroiled in this.]

Subaru: [But… but, the people at the camp didn’t say anything about that. They said their objective was to negotiate with the People of Shudraq in the forest.]

It was not like Subaru had the ability to see through someone’s lies.

Even with that, he thought it unrealistic to consider that everyone, in a place where dozens of people had been crowded together, had coordinated their stories to match each other’s, all just to deceive the outsiders who were Subaru and Rem.

That was why the Imperial Soldiers ― Todd and his group had believed they were after the People of Shudraq.

Subaru: [Though, capturing you being their true objective is…]

Abel: [Do not beat around the bush. They were plotting an attack. You are the one who said that. And then, in order to protect yourself and the woman, you have weighed the Shudraqians and the Imperial Soldiers on a scale.]

Subaru: [No…!]

Abel: [I am not mistaken. What has already occured cannot be changed. Those soldiers will not come back to life. The dead will not speak of anything, nor are they able to exert their influence upon the living.]

Subaru: [――――]

――The dead will not come back to life.

Subaru squeezed his eyes shut, struck by Abel’s fierce words.

How dare he say whatever as he pleased, when he knew absolutely nothing ?

――There was a way to revive the dead.

The method was the one and only Authority, which only Subaru was capable of holding.

Subaru: [――――]

If he were to Return by Death, then there was a possibility he could go back to the time before the encampment was wiped out.

Once he did that, Subaru could warn the Imperial Soldiers and save them from their deadly fate, perhaps. However, if he did that, then the safety of the People of Shudraq would be put in jeopardy.

He was trapped in a dilemma of choosing which side would be left standing at the cost of the other side. It was difficult to save both of them, when they stood diametrically opposed to each other.

More than anything――,

Subaru: [I…]

Subaru did not have the courage to Return by Death for them.

Even if he did redo it, how much of a chance did he have at being even more successful? This time, the fact that Subaru and Rem were safe could be referred to as second best, rather than the very best.

Asking for anything more than that was equivalent to confronting an endless challenge.

In order to do that, letting his own life wear down would be――,

Abel: [You are a foolish man, bearing enigmatic woes.]

As Subaru asked and answered his own question, Abel’s words had abruptly disturbed his ear drums.

Subaru’s eyes flew open out of astonishment, unable to comprehend what Abel had said to him for a moment. Abel was staring at Subaru from the front, on the other side of the flickering flames.

It was almost as if Abel was pitying him with that gaze of his.

Abel: [Why would you always desire to curry favor with others?]

Subaru: [Curry favor? You’re saying… I do that?]

Abel: [You are always gazing at others. You have intentionally constructed yourself to be that way. Similar to how a warrior would hone their skills, you have concealed your own heart with a deception called charity.]

Subaru: [――hk, it’s none of your business!]

Intense rage coursed through Subaru as Abel spoke as if he understood him.

To someone who did not know anything about Subaru himself, nor about Return by Death, it was impossible for him to understand even a fraction of what Subaru was saddled with.

There was no reason for Subaru to be lectured, nor pitied.

Subaru: [You haven’t answered my question at all! The Imperial Soldiers were after the People of Shudraq. They never mentioned anything about y…]

Abel: [It is a topic that is not disclosed to the foot soldiers. I suppose even the Commander is unaware. The Emperor having left his position… Is not something that could afford to be leaked out of the Imperial Capital. Neither do I, nor those who have deposed me, wish for the Empire to be shaken.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [Additionally, it was inevitable that they would target the Shudraqians. Forced out of the Emperor’s throne, the only hand an Emperor can take after escaping the Imperial Capital are the Shudraqians. ――Therefore, killing the People of Shudraq is equivalent to cutting my hands and feet and sinking me to the bottom of water when I am already half-drowning.]

Letting Abel’s nonchalant explanation sink in, Subaru’s questions melted away.

Why Todd and the rest of the Imperial soldiers surrounded the jungle? Why they sought to negotiate with the People of Shudraq to demilitarise them or otherwise exterminate them? Only now did he understand the reason for it all.

Subaru: [… Why are the Shudraqians the only ones you can rely on?]

Abel: [An Emperor of Vollachia has saved Shudraq from a predicament in times past. Shudraqians never forget their debts. There is also the Lifeblood Ritual. They are my path to victory.]

The old debt that the tribe pridefully owed to the Emperor, and the way the Shudraqians respected their rituals.

Driven away from the Imperial Capital, Abel bet on that and attempted contact with the People of Shudraq. Consequently, Abel’s political opponents tried to prevent him from doing so, by dispatching Imperial soldiers to the jungle to try and entomb the Emperor.

It was a bet with terrible odds, but one could say that he had won that gamble.

Superbly defying the opponent’s expectations, he repelled the enemy’s first wave that was meant to corner him. However, even Subaru knew. ――The opponent would not stay their hand here.

Subaru: [You, and your enemy’s battle hasn’t ended.]

Abel: [Of course. ――It would end if I were to die. However, I still draw breath. Therefore, to take back my things, I shall use my utmost power to go and reclaim them.]

That was the Emperor of Vollachia, Abel―― Vincent Abellux’s choice.

To Subaru, the word “things” that Abel had used seemed like it had an asterisk next to it, with a note saying “this actually means country”. The scale in which Abel looked at things was too big for Subaru.

At the same time as being overwhelmed by his absurdity, Subaru came to realise something far too late.

Subaru: [So, you’re planning to… start a war using the People of Shudraq!?]

Abel: [Correct. I have made them promise cooperation. The results of the Lifeblood Ritual and the pact they made with the Emperor before. People who extol pride are easy to manipulate. They will undoubtedly fight with me.]

Subaru: [You’re saying… It wasn’t enough after doing all that!?]

Retaking the Emperor’s throne. To do that, there would inevitably be more battles to come.

Resulting in war―― War, a fierce battle where humans would fight other humans, with their lives on the line.

Abel: [――――]

The Imperial Camp, which had been burnt to the ground. As far as Subaru knew, there had been at least a hundred Imperial Soldiers there.

If Abel and the Shudraqians had only attacked that one encampment, even if there were some who managed to escape, there had been over a hundred casualties. If not, it was probably safe to say casualties had not reached a thousand.

――During the few hours Subaru spent unconscious, over a hundred lives had been lost.

Subaru: [Just because of that…]

Throughout the days he had lived in another world, this was the experience with the most casualties.

There had been victims at the White Whale subjugation and at the fight with Petelgeuse. There were people he could not save at the fights in Priestella, and even more in times now gone.

Compared to those unpreventable casualties, the number of lives lost here was greater.

Additionally, the enemies fought were not Witchbeasts nor were they evil entities. They were human beings.

They were not people who could not be reasoned with. They were people who could come to an understanding with dialogue.

Subaru: [Why… did they have to be killed…]

Abel: [There was no other method. That is all.]

Subaru: [… Is that really true? Did you seriously try and find another way? Before all your options were snatched away by murdering them, did you try to find another option until the very end?]

Abel: [――――]

Abel narrowed his eyes at Subaru’s feeble grievances.

His look told Subaru that, instead of carefully considering Subaru’s opinion, he was questioning as to why he had to do something like that. He was questioning the fundamental part of Subaru’s argument.

It was not like he did not understand the words exchanged, nor was it that he was unwilling to partake in discourse.

The reason they could not come to an understanding despite this, was because Abel’s ethics were terrifyingly secluded from his own.

Fortunately for Natsuki Subaru, until now, he had not fallen into a situation where he had to build a relationship with someone whose values greatly differed from his.

The majority of people he had encountered in this other world were rational. They lent their ears to Subaru and interacted with him, while communicating their own opinions. Once upon a time,  an idiotic Subaru had failed to understand this and was thus unable to notice their tact, resulting in him throwing all that away. Even so, he managed until now.

The people he had been unable to come to an understanding, because of their different sets of values, were mostly either Witches or Sin Archbishops.

However, by defining them as “different” beings, Subaru could continue going on without having to knock morals with them.

But Abel was different. The People of Shudraq and the Imperial Soldiers were also different.

They held no ill will, they did not toy with life and death, and they did not wield tremendous power for selfish reasons.

Excluding their base principles, they were humans, just like Subaru.

But even then――,

Subaru: [… I, just want to bring Rem home.]

The battle to retake Abel’s throne was going to commence.

If this were another person’s affair, or if it was a past event detailed in a biography or something similar, Subaru would eagerly turn those pages with excitement.

This was reality, however.

In a foreign country, where there was no one to rely on, a fierce internal struggle that would shake the very foundation of the country was about to take place. To intervene in this situation and try to change history, there were no plans to even entertain that thought, in Subaru.

The objective was to bring Rem and return to the Kingdom of Lugunica.

He needed to reunite with Emilia and Beatrice, his friends at Roswaal’s mansion as soon as possible. They had to celebrate Rem’s awakening, and discuss what to do moving forward.

Any issues other than that, he could not keep up with.

Subaru: [――Tell me the location of the nearest town or village. I’ll find a way back from there.]

Tapping his cheeks with both his hands, Subaru stated his single-minded goal.

Receiving that, Abel responded with a small sigh,

Abel: [ Hoh , that makes sense. Nevertheless, it will not be a simple path.]

Subaru: [Easy or difficult, if it is necessary, I will walk that path. A paved path though, if possible.]

Abel: [Hmph.]

Standing up in front of the snorting Abel, Subaru strongly bit the inside of his cheek.

Stimulating his brain with the pain, he struck down his rising doubts and faced forward. He looked towards Abel, who remained unmoving.

The lonely Emperor had one of his eyes closed, his gaze crossing over with Subaru.

Subaru: [I still haven’t thanked you. Putting aside the method in which you did it, thank you for rescuing Rem. I’m grateful for that.]

Abel: [It was not only the girl, another one was rescued too.]

Subaru: [That was unnecessary… Thanks to you, my worries will stay as-is for a while.]

Of course, even in the case Louis had been lost in the Imperial Camp, it did not mean that the problems Subaru held would be neatly resolved. If one were to narrow it down to just his problems with Rem, there was a rather high chance that his relationship with her would become more strained.

He did not know which was better. And because he did not know――,

Subaru: [I will pick the path that I agree with. I have mixed feelings about it but… you do the best you can do. But, the People of Shudraq…]

Abel: [Are you saying I should not involve them? Either way, if you and I did not intervene, a scorched jungle was what awaited them. This is already their fight too.]

Subaru: [――――]

There was no room for denial.

They were already in a position where they were forced to fight to protect themselves.

However――,

Subaru: [It’s impossible for me… I don’t think I will ever be able to become like you.]

Shaking his head, Subaru muttered while looking at Abel.

Abel had one of his eyes closed―― The closed eyelid was opposite of the one before. To explain further, Abel’s blinking was unique. He would blink one eye at a time, never letting both eyes be closed at the same time.

Subaru recognised that this was done so that both eyes would never be closed even for an instant.

Subaru feared the Vollachian Emperor, who lived in a world where habits like that were formed just to survive as the one at the apex of the Empire of the Sword Wolf. He feared in reverence.

Listening to his mutterings, Abel, unsurprisingly with one eye closed,

Abel: [Naturally. You, nor anyone else would be fit to be my substitute.]

Stated that.

△▼△▼△▼△

Leaving the People of Shudraq, Subaru and his group would be heading to the town closest to the Buddheim Jungle.

Such a decision had been made by Subaru. After the people surrounding him had listened to it, their reaction was unexpectedly mild.

???: [I see . It’s unfortunate, but if that is my comrade’s decision, it can’t be helped .]

That was Mizelda’s reaction after hearing what Subaru had to say.

She regarded his decision with respect, her dignified face tinted with sadness to some degree, just as what her words suggested.

Truthfully, Subaru had made his declaration whilst bracing himself against verbal abuse, such as, “You’re not a warrior if you don’t fight!” , so he felt all the more regretful because of her thoughtfulness.

Once Subaru had obtained permission from the chief, no one could stand in the way of his decision.

The existence of Utakata, who appeared to be more dejected than Mizelda, made Subaru feel reluctant to leave, as if something was tugging at the back of his hair. However, it would not become a reason for him to stay here.

Utakata: [Suu is going somewhere . Uu feels sad …]

Subaru: [Yeah, I’m sorry… Hey, do you know what’s going to happen from now on?]

Subaru asked her, caressing the girl’s head as she pinched his sleeve.

Not a single doubt was held against the values and their sense of unity, and there was no mistaking the fact that Mizelda’s decision was the tribe’s decision, but Utakata was still young.

If she had been pulled by the flow of the people around her without understanding anything――,

Utakata: [――? A battle’s going to start now . Uu will fight together with Mii, Taa, and everyone .]

Subaru: […I see.]

As Utakata said that, showing off the bow she had equipped on her back, Subaru blew out a sigh.

He wanted young children to remain ignorant. As expected, such deceit was a facile idea that did not apply to this jungle.

In the first place, Utakata had once achieved putting Subaru to death by shooting him with a poisoned arrow.

Even if she did not look like it, she was definitely one of the People of Shudraq. She possessed the resolve to fight, as well as the resolve to kill her opponent.

Nevertheless――,

Subaru: [Don’t die, Utakata.]

Utakata: [Uu won’t die ! Make sure you don’t die, too. And do your best .]

Although he attempted to cheer her on, a larger voice of encouragement was returned to him, causing Subaru to choke up, managing to respond to her by putting on a feeble smile.

In all honesty, Subaru could not imagine how much of a chance at victory that Abel and the Shudraqians would have in their battle.

Targeting Abel, who had been deprived of his status as an Emperor, their opponents had dispatched a subjugation force to the Buddheim Jungle.

That meant the enemy was in a state where they were able to move around the forces that made up the fighting strength of the Empire at their own discretion. Meanwhile, the only force that Abel held were the Shudraqians, and they were a small group of less than a hundred people.

Of course, there was a possibility that Abel would consecutively stack victory after victory, by utilizing an otherworldly, unfathomable plan similar to the one he had used to launch a one-sided assault on the Empire’s Camp, forcing them to retreat, but――,

???: [――Everything is all set.]

Subaru: [――hk,]

While Subaru had been controlled by the very thoughts he had supposedly casted away by changing his mindset, someone called out to him from the side, like that.

Subaru immediately turned around, his shoulders jolting, and the person also widened her eyes from his momentum.

???: [――? What’s the matter? Why are you so surprised?]

The person looking at the stiff-faced Subaru was Rem, who had said that.

With a wooden stick in one hand and carrying a small amount of baggage on her back, Rem appeared to have finished getting ready to leave the forest, just like Subaru.

――Yes, when Subaru had informed her that he had chosen to leave the forest, the person who had reacted to it in the most unexpected way had been none other than Rem.

To be honest, Subaru had thought she would oppose him stubbornly, therefore creating a need for him to persuade her.

In the worst case, he would forcefully take Rem outside while she was asleep, having steeled himself to part ways with the Shudraqians’ village with the momentum of an escape under the cover of night.

However, Rem’s reaction towards Subaru, who had revealed their circumstances to her with the expectation of being rejected, had been surprisingly simple.

Rem: [――. I understand. I will finish making preparations by tomorrow.]

That was why, even when Subaru looked at Rem once she had finished making preparations for travel, he could not really accept it as something that had actually occurred.

Rem: […Uhh?]

Subaru: [Ah! No, sorry, I’m alright. Yeah, your preparations look great, too. Cute, cute.]

Rem: [Huh?]

Subaru: [I mean, you’re reliable! Thank you. With you being such a responsible person, I’m such a fortunate guy.]

His reply was awkward to the point Rem stared at him with a doubtful look.

It was not like he wished to curry favor with Rem. Since he was in a condition where he would be saved by Rem’s lack of resistance, of course, so maintaining their current relationship was the most desirable.

Ideally, he wanted her to warm up to him, however.

Subaru: [――――]

He could test that out again when he had a calmer state of mind.

For now, his honest opinion was that he wished to distance himself from the presence of war, which hung densely in the air, as soon as possible.

Rem: [So, have you finished your preparations? It seemed like you had the time to be reluctant about leaving, but…]

Subaru: [Yeah, it’s all good. I didn’t have much baggage to begin with, and you’re going to be carrying most of them.]

Rem: […But, you’re going to be carrying me .]

With a drop in the tone of her voice, Rem snuck a glance at the handmade, wooden framework that had been placed in the clearing.

It was a wooden rack that had been assembled for Subaru to carry Rem on his back while travelling, weaved out of a combination of thick branches and vines.

Rem was able to walk with some difficulty by use of her cane, but the journey from this place to the nearest town would take a few days.

In the meantime, he did not know how time-consuming it would be if he were to walk at the same speed as Rem. Because of that, the wooden frame had been created through the cooperation of Subaru and the Shudraqians.

Subaru: [It feels pretty handmade , but there should be no issues with its durability. I already tested it out with Taritta-san, who’s heavier than you, so…]

Rem: [I’m not really concerned about heaviness or lightness, but I think you’re being rude to Taritta-san.]

Incurring Rem’s displeasure once again, Subaru scratched his cheek with a dry laugh.

And then, he directed his gaze behind Rem―― towards Louis, their fellow traveling companion. It went without saying, but if Subaru were to bring Rem with him, then Louis would also be accompanying them.

Subaru: [There’s no way I could force a bomb onto everyone of the Shudraq, after all…]

Even if that was not the case, taking his eyes off a Sin Archbishop was purely preposterous.

There had been many instances where he had looked away from Louis, and that meant she had had plenty of opportunities to reveal her true nature, but he did not want to let her do that from now on.

Even if he had started to believe that Louis’s behavior was not an act, but actually genuine.

Louis: [Aah, uuu.]

The girl in question had her long hair tied behind her head, and also had her white clothes mended, her attire giving her a wholly different impression.

Apparently, the Shudraqians had been fond of Louis in their village, and her repaired clothes were a gift from them.

Subaru: [Sorry for making your tribe do pretty much everything for us.]

Mizelda: [Don’t worry about it, Subaru . You have overcome the Lifeblood Ritual, displaying the brightness of your soul . The fact that we’re lending our strength to you is obviously to honor our comrade .]

Subaru: [Comrade…]

Subaru dropped his eyes at Mizelda’s words, as she came over to see him off, her arms crossed.

He could not face Mizelda, who has been referring to him as her comrade with such friendliness. After all, he knew that a harsh battle was looming upon them, and he was aware of being one of the very people who had involved the People of Shudraq into that, yet he was trying to flee from this place.

Would something like that be what a fellow comrade, dignified and honorable just as the tribe had described him, actually do?

Mizelda: [Don’t trouble yourself about it, Subaru .]

However, Mizelda said that as if she had deciphered his inner thoughts.

Subaru: [Mizelda-san…]

Mizelda: [We fight to prove our worth . However, we create our future by protecting those dear to us until the end . It’s way of thinking that’s necessary in order to protect our tribe .]

Subaru: [――――]

Mizelda: [Protect Rem and Louis . That is the honor we expect from our comrade .]

Subaru felt the corners of his eyes grow hot from Mizelda’s straightforward words.

He did not feel like correcting Mizelda, saying she had misunderstood about Louis. He had to at least fulfil that role, to answer to the trust Mizelda and the others had put in him.

Or, although he would never meet the Shudraqians ever again――.

???: [We’re ready ~. Now is a good opportunity to take our leave ~.]

Right as Subaru had been spurred by Mizelda, a woman with yellow-tipped hair, waving her hand exaggeratedly ― Holly, called over to him with a wide grin.

Next to her was Kuna, who had a slender build, her hair dyed green. The cheerful Holly and in contrast, the reticent-looking Kuna. Those two were the guardians of Subaru’s group.

Arrangements had been made so that the two Shudraqians would be protecting Subaru, Rem, and Louis, ensuring they would not be attacked by anything on their way to Guaral ― the nearest town.

Subaru: [I’m super grateful for bodyguards, but I also feel like it’s too much. Even though…]

This was a foreign country, and Subaru had already died multiple times in the mere span of a few days.

He could not deny it was a unique situation, but it was the safest to take precautions. Subaru himself did not have enough prowess as a fighter to be confident in his own abilities, and it was fruitless to depend on Rem and Louis.

He could say nothing regarding Kuna, but he had also seen Holly lift a boulder effortlessly with his own eyes. They were more than reliable as the group’s bodyguards during their journey.

And then――,

Subaru: [――Rem, does it hurt anywhere?]

Subaru asked Rem over his shoulder, while pulling up the wooden rack.

Since they would be positioned back-to-back with the handmade frame between them, Subaru could not see Rem’s face from where he was. He had tried packing in soft leaves and fabric to secure her body, but there would be a few inconveniences considering they would be traveling for a long time.

Rem: [I’m fine… Are you okay with this?]

Subaru: [I’ve been training myself moderately… at least. My stamina hasn’t completely returned, but I want to prevent Holly and Kuna’s hands from being full, in the case of emergency.]

In the first place, he was immensely thankful towards the two Shudraqians for being their escorts, but making them carry Rem on top of that was something he could never dare to ask for.

Subaru, demonstrating his stubbornness, Rem, carried by him, and Louis had lined up as a group. Accompanying them were Holly and Kuna, having finished their preparations despite being lightly dressed, and they all stood together.

Then, the People of Shudraq began crowding around the entrance of the village.

Mizelda: [Well then, may the tranquility and objective of our fellow comrade, Natsuki Subaru, be fulfilled .]

People of Shudraq: [――May it be fulfilled !]

Mizelda called out, standing in the front, and the other Shudraqians followed in unison.

Experiencing an illusion of feeling like the wind had blown, filling up the area, Subaru made sure to return their spirit with a, “Yeah!”, along with a smiling face.

Subaru: [Thank you, everyone. Take care of yourselves and stay happy!]

As soon as he had said it, he realized that was a greeting terribly filled with deceit.

Thinking about the turbulent path that awaited the tribe after this, “stay happy” were two words that sounded far too hollow and meaningless.

However, he could not say anything more than that. He could not wish for anything more than that.

He hoped for the pleasant, refreshing women to stay happy as they continued to live their lives.

Subaru: [――――]

While wishing for that, Subaru searched for the man with the wicked mask among the line of people who had come to see his group off.

However, it was only natural that the man could not be found anywhere.

He was not someone who would send them off, nor did the relationship between him and Subaru involve something like that.

Even if Subaru were to spot the man, he would not have any words to tell him.

That was why――,

Subaru: [――We’re heading off!]

Louis: [Uu!]

As Subaru said that, almost in a desperate way, Louis’s loud voice overlapped with his words.

And then, Subaru and his group split themselves from the People of Shudraq, departing for Guaral, the nearest town, in an effort to escape from the war that would take place hereafter, taking their first step in doing so.

--- Chapter 15: Those I want to Protect ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Deer: [――MUU!]

At that instant, there was a thud and a loud cry, and animals kicked the ground and fled.

On their way through the prairie, they had happened to come across a small forest. Amidst the shade of the trees, animals resembling deer had been eating grass. They were called black deer because of their impressive antlers and black fur. They also inhabited the Kingdom of Lugunica, and could be said to be one of the major animals of this parallel world.

In the center of the herd, from where they had fled from the sound and impact, one black deer had been left behind, collapsed atop the grass.

A thick arrow had pierced the black deer’s ribs, its heart destroyed by a single shot.

Its four limbs twitched and quivered in post-mortem convulsion, but, before long, that too stopped.

In any event――,

???: [I brought down the meat~! ]

????: […“ Meat ”. You could say black deer at least .]

???: [ Huh ? What did you say just now ~? Kuna’s voice is soft, I can’t really hear you~ ]

The one who’d drawn the heavy bow and raised a cheer was Holly.

She wore a sunny smile, and the young girl beside her, Kuna, had muttered inaudibly, causing Holly to begin tilting her head to the side with a curious expression.

But, seeing that Kuna pouted her lips,

Kuna: [It was nothing! Drain the blood! Quickly now! ]

Holly: [Ah, please wait~! ]

Holly started lumbering to Kuna’s side, rushing after her. But before she got there, Holly stopped walking, let out an “Oh”, and spun around to look back.

There, before Holly’s eyes, was the figure of their companion――,

Holly: [It’s a lot, so we’re gonna go take a short break . Subaru, you wanna take one too~ ?]

Subaru: […Um, uhh, not particularly, I’m totally fine, but sure.]

Pouring sweat like a waterfall, Subaru answered Holly’s proposal of a break.

Looking at Subaru, Holly said “I’m glad ”, and ran back to Kuna’s side. Watching them leave, Subaru slowly fell to his knees on the spot.

Behind the totally exhausted Subaru, being carried in a wooden backpack, Rem took a small breath,

Rem: […Stubborn.]

And muttered too softly to be heard by Subaru.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Man, that really took a lot outta me. I was able to withstand it because I’m the eldest son. But I wouldn’t be able to do it if I were the second son or the youngest.]

Putting together the twigs he’d collected, Subaru gave his explanation in a cool breeze.

Rem listened with an unamused look, and Louis listened with a blank expression, one that made it unclear what she was thinking. Nonetheless, Rem let out a short sigh, like she was exasperated with the matter.

Rem: [I do not understand what you mean. To begin with, is there a connection between having siblings and one’s perseverance?]

Subaru: [Now it’s kind of a dumb cliche, but I feel like there’s a correlation between one’s sibling status and relative fortitude. Like, they say the firstborn son is raised strictly by his parents, and the youngest child is spoiled, right?]

Rem: [I don’t know if that could be called “right”. Doesn’t that not apply in the case of an only child?]

Subaru: [In that case, you end up getting spoiled while being raised strictly… Naturally, since I’m an only child, that means the special characteristics of the eldest and youngest son both apply to me.]

Considering his parents’ closeness, Subaru not having any siblings was quite the mystery.

Since he was aware he’d had his mom and dad’s love all to himself, he couldn’t help but wonder what having siblings would have been like, but that didn’t change the reality of it.

Subaru: [Besides, it’s not certain that I don’t have younger siblings now that I’m not there…]

Rem: [――――]

Louis: [Aauuaah]

While Subaru was imagining terrible things, Rem looked down, towards Louis, who was being playful on her lap.

While on the move, the wooden rack would be secured to Subaru’s back, but when placed on the ground, it could also serve as a chair. It was an item with exceptional potential.

Thanks to that, going through the trouble of picking Rem up or setting her down could be done without much hassle.

Although Rem probably thought the circumstances requiring her to keep asking Subaru for help were shameful, for the time being, she had to get through and accept that disgrace.

Rem: [Siblings…]

Subaru: [Uh huh?]

Rem: [Family born before me, or born after… Did I have any?]

Subaru: [Oh…]

Rem inquired abruptly, and Subaru reflexively held his breath.

With a start he raised his head, while Rem was minding Louis’s hair threading her fingers, those blue pupils of hers turned toward Subaru.

In them a faint light flickered, with emotions he did not understand. He thought that perhaps Rem herself did not quite know those either.

Nevertheless――,

Subaru: [It’s the first time. That you’ve tried asking me about your memories.]

Rem: [Where are we, who are you, who am I, what will you do, how dare you… I think I have asked a number of questions up until now.]

Subaru: [I’m not talking about that kind of negative stuff. Also, I thought you hadn’t yet said how dare you…]

He gave a strained grin to Rem’s prickly objection, however, it provided meager relief.

As he had told Rem, this was the first time she had asked him anything in a positive sense. Subaru perceived that as progress in their relationship.

Frankly, since their departure from the Shudraq village, all through their journey up till now, Subaru had been continuously uneasy.

After all, Rem had laid bare her hostility and suspicions towards Subaru, but despite that, she had not rejected his proposal to head toward the town for a few days because of those.

To put it bluntly, he had thought the greatest obstacle to leaving the Shudraq village would be Rem’s stubborn unwillingness to listen to Subaru’s words.

Without opposing Subaru’s plan, Rem had been cooperative. ――Rather than believing it to be a miracle, he had wondered what the heck kind of a calamity it heralded.

But not only was Rem being cooperative at present, she had not even troubled Subaru with various, excessive questions while being carried in the wooden carrier. Instead, she had chided Louis for shifting restlessly and hindering the march, and tried to lessen Subaru’s burden.

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [What is it? You don’t feel like talking, is that it?]

Subaru: [No, no, not at all. You’re jumping to the wrong conclusion. Just, look, our relationship has been pretty strained right?]

Rem: [It still is now, though it is not strained, it is unfriendly.]

Subaru: [I thought the unfriendliness had softened a bit!]

Rem’s eyes looked at him with disgust, and Subaru’s heart was wounded once again. But, being careful to protect the injury he had just gotten from Rem, he scratched his cheek with his fingers.

Subaru: [I don’t know everything about you either. But, I know more about you than you do now. If there’s anything you want to ask, I’ll answer as much as I can. But…]

Rem: [Whether or not to believe you is up to me…]

Subaru: [Mhm.]

Subaru gave a short nod, and with a glance examined Rem’s appearance.

She was carding her fingers through Louis’s hair, and frowning as if in deep thought. After a short moment, Rem once again met Subaru’s eyes and said,

Rem: [I do not know.]

Subaru: [You don’t know… about yourself?]

Rem: [About you. …What in the world kind of person are you, I do not understand it at all. Because what I sense and what I see do not match.]

Her lips pursed tightly, Rem’s icy look was tinged with heat.

It was not that the distance between their hearts had increased, it was that the level of seriousness had risen. As Rem evaluated Subaru, the earnestness in those eyes increased.

It was evidence that at least she thought Subaru’s humanity was worthy of investigation.

Subaru: [Compared to when you treated me like an incarnation of evil without giving me a chance to explain, this feels like a Great Leap Forward.]

Rem: [I still think there is a paper thin difference between you and evil incarnate… However, it is just that we have reached a point where it seems fine to insert one thin sheet of paper.]

Subaru: [――――]

The few words she added felt like a conciliatory handshake from Rem.

With relief, Subaru reached out to grasp that invisible handshake. Rem made a distrustful face at Subaru, who shook an invisible hand in midair.

In any case――,

Subaru: [Well, our thin ice relationship has reached a place of having a thin sheet of paper inserted… How about it? Anything you want to ask?]

Rem: […Please let me think a bit more.]

Unprepared to have a heart-to-heart with Subaru, Rem shook her head and requested that.

Rem’s way of preparation―― More accurately, Rem had yet to prepare herself to believe Subaru.

Right now, it was possible she was worried about listening to his story, in a situation where she was unable to completely trust Subaru, and the information being too much to handle.

Honestly, he would be lying if he said that he did not feel impatient about Rem worrying like that but,

Subaru: [――Gotcha. I’ll wait for you to be ready.]

Rem: […Please do not say it like that, like it is someone else’s problem. Since you could say that it also depends on your daily behavior, I think.]

Subaru: [I see… In other words, the only way to gain early access to that route is if I earn Rem likeability and credibility points like crazy?]

Rem: [I do not understand the meaning, but I understand what you said is unpleasant.]

Putting his hand on his chin, Subaru could see that Rem’s displeasure was accumulating once again.

As that conversation unfolded, from below the two of them――,

Holly: [Sorry to keep you waiting ~. We had fun taking apart the black deer and we’re done~ .]

Like that, Holly returned with a face-splitting grin.

She took great delight in the dismembered black deer, hung from a branch she carried on her shoulder. Behind the chipper Holly was the tired face of Kuna, who seemed to have worked hard at the job of dismemberment.

Kuna: [Why did I have to do everything myself …]

Holly: [Be cause , Kuna can do it better ~. If the meat got ruined , even if I eat and eat my tummy’d still end up especially empty ~]

Kuna: [Why?! If you eat something, seriously keep it in your stomach , you weirdo !]

Kuna yelled at the easy-going Holly, but the latter laughed it off.

Holly then set her eyes on the bundle of dried branches Subaru had collected.

Holly: [Oh, you properly gathered them ~. I’m impressed, I’m impressed~. ]

Subaru: [I can’t do any hunting. I’ll at least do this much… Can you instruct me on how to start a fire?]

Holly: [ Instruct ? Never heard of that word before~. ]

Kuna: [Obviously it means to teach …]

Holly tilted her head in contemplation, replying to Kuna with a giggle and a “Does it~? ”.

Next, Holly brought out a small, black stone from her luggage. Allowing Subaru to witness it, she struck the stone quickly and used the sparks produced to easily light the branches on fire.

Subaru: [Woa, woahhhhhh, awesome. That’s some artisanship.]

Holly: [It’s a fire starter stone ~. It’s easy-peasy once you get the hang of it~ . Subaru, you try too ~.]

Subaru: [You’re letting me try? Okay, I’ll just borrow this…]

Holly casually threw the fire starter stone to Subaru. He attempted to imitate Holly’s actions from earlier, and as a result, he failed three times, but on his fourth try, he finally was able to produce sparks.

All he had to do now was to do the same thing over the dried branches――,

Subaru: [It lit up!]

Holly: [Well done ~! Now if any meat pops out, it can be cooked and eaten anytime ~!]

Kuna: [The meat she’s talking about are the animals before becoming meat, so don’t take her for her word .]

Towards Subaru, who had gained a small sense of accomplishment, Holly and Kuna appraised him from opposite extremes.

Accepting both of those in his heart, Subaru gazed at the black deer’s meat roasting over the campfire. He brought up a new topic, saying “By the way,”

Subaru: [Back when we found the herd of deers, Holly’s speed was amazing. By the time I realised, you had already shot an arrow.]

Holly: [It’s because Kuna found the herd ~. Because of her we could get fresh meat ~.]

Kuna: [The only thing I did was say that the herd was there … Leaving aside firing quickly , anyone in Shudraq can shoot a bow and arrow .]

Holly: [Except Kuna, you know~ .]

Kuna: [ Uguh ]

Having been prodded on a sensitive topic, Kuna’s expression turned into a scowl.

Rem widened her eyes in surprise to Kuna’s reaction.

Rem: [Really? That is unexpected. Kuna’s eyes are good, is what I heard from Mizelda so…]

Kuna: [… Even if my eyes are good, if my arms are bad then there’s no point .]

Holly: [Kuna, who loses even to Utakata in archery. It’s cute~ .]

Kuna: [ Shudduuup !]

Having been rated as below Utakata, Kuna used her hand to strike Holly in the stomach as if using a dagger. However, Holly’s plump body simply bounced the strike back.

Rem watched the seemingly practiced interaction between the two with a smile, but hearing about Utakata’s archery put Subaru in a conflicted state of mind.

Because, Subaru was someone who had once lost his life to Utakata’s poisoned arrow.

In terms of strength, Utakata was not strong enough to kill Subaru. Even so, if poison were to be used, for example, on an arrowhead, there would not be a great handicap in killing power.

When it came to hunting and prey though, the use of poison was probably not highly regarded.

Subaru: [And also…]

Putting his fingers on his lips, Subaru pondered about the wielder of a heavily drawn bow.

This was about the Hunter who had attacked Subaru and Rem in the jungle, before being caught by the Imperial Soldier’s camp. The bow master who had protected Subaru and Rem from the Witchbeast once, and murdered Subaru the other.

The true identity of the Hunter had yet to be discovered.

That was why, when Holly had shot the black deer, Subaru went pale.

Except, after hearing the talk about the People of Shudraq’s archery skills――,

Subaru: [――It’s someone from Shudraq? Is doubting anyone else wasted thinking?]

At that time, Subaru’s group was a suspicious disturbance that had entered the jungle.

Subaru was shouting while searching for Rem. So it was not impossible to think that someone had concluded that Subaru was a suspicious enemy seeking to bring harm, and as a result, decided to eliminate him as a threat. It was most likely the same for the confrontation with the Witchbeast afterwards.

Actually, the Hunter had in fact protected Subaru’s group from the Witchbeast. ―― The reasoning to declare that the Hunter was definitely an enemy was weak.

Rem: [Holly-san and Kuna-san are good friends, aren’t they.]

While Subaru was sunken in thought, Rem had struck up a conversation with Holly and Kuna.

Rem was talking about Holly and Kuna――the ones who were accompanying Subaru’s group, the young duo from the People of Shudraq.

However, the only one who laughed upon being told they were good friends was Holly. Kuna, on the other hand, scrunched up her face in disgust and stuck her tongue out with an unflattering sound.

Subaru: [What’s with that reaction and face? Pretty girls aren’t supposed to do both of those, you know?]

Kuna: [I just remembered that as much as I hate it, we can’t be separated. I’ve been left to suffer over and over… ]

Holly: [Ahahaha, Kuna’s a worrier .]

Kuna: [Whose. Fault. Is. That !]

A furious Kuna grabbed Holly’s shoulder and harshly shook her. However, the difference in physique between the two was too great, and Holly, who had about double the mass of Kuna and her slender physique, did not budge an inch.

In the end, Kuna realised she would only tire herself out and drooped her shoulders. She ground her teeth, frustratedly saying “ Dammit ”.

Holly: [Me and Kuna were born on the same day ~. We’re neighbours and kinda like sisters~ .]

Kuna: [Someone like you , I’d refuse as a sister . Older or younger .]

Holly: [Ah, the roast’s starting to become a nice colour ~.]

Kuna: [Listen to me! ]

Towards Holly, who entirely directed her own pace, Kuna’s one-way resistance reverberated emptily and in vain.

Witnessing this scene, Subaru thought that the sight of Kuna being at the mercy of Holly somewhat resembled a certain fussy, violent internal affairs officer.

Subaru: [Kuna’s dyed her hair green, so the colour theme overlaps… Even in situations he’s missing in, that guy asserts himself quite strongly.]

If that person were listening, he would say something like “That false accusation is a positive trait, you know!?” However, since he wasn’t present, Subaru disposed of that thought as an auditory hallucination.

Rem looked at Holly and Kuna, who were arguing about the roasted meat’s colour with a small smile. Subaru heard her mutter “I’m jealous.”

Rem: [Someone you can honestly talk with just like that…]

Subaru: [… Ahhhh, Rem, can I just say one thing?]

There was a certain and earnest envy packed into Rem’s mutterance.

For the amnesiac Rem, the environment around her, including Subaru, must feel like an invader from the darkness. She could not feel truly at ease at any moment.

He did not know whether he had the skill to soothe her strained heart but――,

Rem: [What is it?]

Subaru: [I said I was going to keep my mouth shut until you wanted to ask about it but, I’ll spill about one thing.]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [You have an older sister. Your older twin, who holds you dear from the bottom of her heart… So, no matter where you are, you’ll never be alone.]

Hearing Subaru’s words, Rem’s already wide eyes, opened further in surprise.

After saying that, Subaru wondered if he should have been more patient, but he immediately told himself that this was the correct decision.

Rem had just said that she would wait until she could trust Subaru. It could not be helped if she disparaged him next.

Subaru understood Rem’s anxiety, but, nevertheless, he was at his limit too.

At the very least, he could let her know about Ram’s existence.

Ram, who was probably, even now, worried about her younger sister, all the way from the far lands of Lugunica. ――The Ram who was feeling Rem through Synesthesia.

Subaru: [I don’t understand it but, if you close your eyes and try to imagine it, you might be able to feel it. That’s what’s called a twin’s Synesthesia.]

Rem: [Synesthesia…]

Somewhat hesitating, Rem timidly placed her hand on her chest and closed her eyes.

Staying still, seeking her other half, born on the same day and from the same mother――seeking the existence of her older twin, Rem’s consciousness started to extend its hand through a sea of black night.

However――,

Rem: [… I cannot feel anything.]

Subaru: [Is that, so… I guess it’s pretty difficult if you can’t visualise it.]

Shaking her head slowly, Rem reported on the failure of her Synesthesia.

For a moment, he worried something had happened to Ram that made it unable to connect with her. However, he judged that the distance― both physical and mental, was the bigger problem.

Frankly, in a situation where the Synesthesia had indeed connected, a lot of things would turn for the better at once. It was pretty disappointing, but he could not let that show on the outside.

The most frustrated one here was Rem.

For now, he had to console Rem’s feelings of frustration and――

Rem: [――a]

Louis: [Uu―?]

However, while Subaru was choosing his words of comfort, a slight sigh escaped from Rem’s lips.

The reason for that was Louis’s hand, which was placed on top of Rem’s resting hand. Louis, while resting her head on Rem’s lap, was concerned about Rem, overlapping her hands with her own from underneath.

Rem softly curled her lips up at Louis’s actions.

Rem: [Thank you. I’m okay.]

Louis: [Aa―]

Rem put on a brave smile, and Louis cheerfully laughed upon seeing it.

Looking at their heartwarming scene, Subaru grit his teeth. He realised he was too late and his role had been snatched from him.

Subaru: [Dammit… I knew it! You’re still my enemy aren’t you..!?]

Rem: [Again, why does it end up that way? Do you not think it is childish?]

Looking at Subaru, who was glaring at Louis, Rem again lost faith in Subaru.

Ignorant to the situation, Louis, the recipient of Subaru’s glare, gleefully flailed her arms and legs up and down.

And then, the ones who took no notice of the stiff atmosphere between Subaru’s group――,

Holly: [It’s done ~!]

Kuna: [It’s still raw!! ]

The duo who had an already established relationship raised their voices.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Subaru’s group had arrived safely at Guaral, having taken four days in total,

Subaru: [So that’s Guaral… It’s protected by fine-looking walls.]

A fortress city, surrounded by towering walls, that could be seen from a distance.

He was astonished that his prediction had missed its mark, and felt like he had been hit by a stroke of luck. Subaru was experiencing two sensations, as there was a disparity between the sight of the city and what he had imagined after hearing that it was the “nearest town”.

Subaru: [The city feels pretty rugged… Is a giant gonna come over or what?]　[1]

Kuna: [ Giants ? I heard they were nearly wiped out, quite a while ago .]

Subaru: [Really? I wonder if the old fart I know is the last giant, then…]

Subaru muttered out a purposeless comment in response to Kuna’s serious-minded reply.

It was surprising to know that Rom-ji, the only giant that Subaru knew, was in such a rare position. Although, he had heard of the oni race being extremely scarce in numbers from Rem, so perhaps the struggle for survival between races was unforgiving, even in this world.

Subaru: [Thinking about it calmly, I’ve never met anyone related to elves aside from Emilia-tan, so maybe there aren’t many elves out there, either.]

As a cliché of the fantasy genre, it was common for long-lived species to have low fertility in exchange for a long lifespan, therefore being unable to increase their numbers easily.

In addition to that, because of the fear directed towards the Witch of Envy, half-elves were a target of hatred, in this world. That was the real state of things. Naturally, Subaru could think of the possibility that pure-blooded elves were also pressured by those conventions, as they were the foundation of the births of half-elves.

Subaru: [I think about Emilia-tan in a place where she’s absent. Dammit, I haven’t been able to meet Beako for a while as well. I feel like my Emiliase and Beatromin deficiency is becoming severe.]

The prescribed medicine for both cases of malnutrition would be coming into contact with Emilia and Beatrice.

In all seriousness, the mental fatigue that resulted from being continuously worried or tense was substantial, so just hearing the voices of Emilia and Beatrice, who both contributed to Subaru’s peace of mind, would make him feel more relaxed.

Subaru: [I miss Ram, Petra, Frederica, and the others’ voices… Hell, in a situation like this, I’m fine with even Roswaal’s voice.]

Rem: [Excuse me, can you give me a break with your meaningless emotional conflict?]

Subaru: [Ah, my bad.]

Rem chided him for his overflowing soliloquy while remaining on his back.

Subaru had splendidly managed to carry Rem on the wooden rack for the duration of the journey, without entrusting her to anyone else. He had not learned the ropes on how to carry things during the first and second day, and his waste of stamina had been quite prominent. However, he had gotten the hang of his pacing and sense of balance from the third day onwards, so he had been able to make a lot of progress while walking.

Subaru: [When it comes to carrying Rem on one’s back, I’m second to none by now.]

Rem: [Don’t try to compete over such an undignified thing. Also, those two are…]

Subaru and Rem were positioned back-to-back, so Rem would be pointing towards somewhere behind him. As he turned around, obeying her words, there were Holly and Kuna.

And then, next to Kuna, who was lazily scratching her head, Holly took one step towards Subaru and Rem,

Holly: [Well, I guess this is goodbye since you arrived safely ～ .]

Subaru: [Ah… You two won’t enter the city…?]

Kuna: [It’s meaningless for us to enter . Our role is to escort you two .]

Subaru: [I see… You two really helped us out a lot.]

With the abrupt farewell, Subaru admonished himself, thinking this would obviously happen.

Kuna and Holly had only followed them out of the kindness of the People of Shudraq. He felt that he was dependent on them, because they had saved him multiple times during his travels.

Holly, who had cleared the atmosphere with her hunting skills and cheery personality.

Kuna, who possessed unexpectedly extensive knowledge and an earnest will to provide answers to Subaru’s questions, had been reliable.

Parting ways with the two of them, Subaru would be traveling with Rem, this time for sure ― no, it would be a three-person-journey with Rem and Louis.

There had been someone else at the Empire’s encampment, as well as the Shudraqian village, but this time, it was different.

Kuna: […Jeez, stop making such a miserable face .]

Subaru: [My bad. By “miserable face”, do you mean… woah!?]

Gazing at Subaru’s black eyes that had previously wavered with uneasiness, Kuna shoved something towards him.

Subaru instinctively caught the item in his hand, and teetered forward from its unexpected weight. A long and thin white wrapping was given to him. It was the object which Holly had been carrying on her back, for the whole duration of the journey.

During the trip, he had assumed that it was an item essential to Holly and Kuna.

Subaru: [Now that I think about it, I feel like you never opened this… What’s this?]

Holly: [It’s yours ~ . The chieftain told us to give it to you, once you arrived properly at the town ~.]

Subaru: [It’s mine, and once I arrived at the town…?]

Unable to grasp the true meaning behind Holly’s words, Subaru knitted his brows out of uncertainty. However, Kuna had prompted him roughly with a, “Just open it .”

Receiving her words, Subaru lowered the wooden rack on his back to the ground, and opened the white wrapping.

Inside, there was――,

Subaru: [Ah…]

Rem: [Is this… a horn?]

A white lump laid in Subaru’s arms, as large as his arms could hold. What Rem had murmured after looking at it had told him it was a horn ― a Witchbeast’s horn at that.

Subaru recognized it. He had seen it twice, and he had taken a good look at it during the Lifeblood Ritual.

Subaru: [Is this the Elgina’s horn, by any chance?]

Holly: [ Yep ~. You were the one who broke it off, so it’s yours ~.]

Kuna: [It’s a valuable item . With that size, it’ll fetch a high price .]

Subaru: [――hk!]

Having been told that the horn would fetch a high price, Subaru held his breath at Holly and Kuna’s thoughtful arrangements.

In other words, they were telling him to exchange the Witchbeast’s horn for traveling expenses, so that Subaru’s group could go back to the Kingdom of Lugunica.

The two had carried the baggage for that purpose, without specifying said purpose.

Subaru: [It must’ve been pretty heavy…]

Kuna: [You were carrying Rem on your back for the whole time .]

Holly: [Besides, besides ! I’m very strong ~. So, it was no problem at all ~.]

Both Kuna and Holly had faces looking like they had only done something trivial, while Subaru’s voice was trembling because of the two’s ulterior motives.

Their thoughtfulness had rendered him completely speechless, word for word.

Subaru: [――――]

They had helped him on the way to Guaral, and even secured traveling expenses for Subaru’s group.

Despite all that, Subaru would part ways with them, and go back to his country. ――Holly and Kuna would reunite with their Shudraqian allies, and join the battle to retake the Imperial Capital alongside Abel.

Whilst yielding the life or death of many along the way――,

Subaru: [I…]

Kuna: [――Don’t think about anything stupid .]

Subaru: [――――]

Kuna: [You gotta fight to protect the ones you wanna protect . It’s the same for us .]

Although impulsive words nearly found their way out of Subaru’s mouth, Kuna had sharply put a stop to those.

Kuna directed an annoyed glare at Subaru, all while emanating her usual feeling of listlessness.

She had a lot of complaints, and always seemed irritated towards Holly. However, she had never separated herself from the Shudraqians, nor had she ever given any indication that she disliked Holly.

As a member of the Shudraqians, she thought it was only natural for her to fight together with Abel.

――That must be proof that she had already chosen the “ones she wanted to protect” in her words.

Kuna: [Don’t keep idling around . I have good eyesight . If you do something stupid, then I can see it straight away .]

Holly: [And if Kuna tells me about it, then I can go kaboom with my bow and arrow ~!]

Subaru: […Yeah, that’s scary.]

From their words, Subaru understood that he had been gently pushed away.

If he acted out of impulse here, then he would disregard their ― no, the People of Shudraq’s kindness. He could not do such a thing for the women who had referred to him as their comrade.

Subaru: [I’ll gratefully make good use of it for our journey. Thanks for taking care of us, you two!]

Comprehending Kuna and Holly’s intentions, Subaru swallowed the thoughts that surged forward.

Receiving it, albeit their respective attitudes, they nodded.

Rem: [Thank you for accompanying us, Holly-san and Kuna-san. I won’t forget my gratitude towards you two, as well as to every person of the People of Shudraq.]

Kuna: [Please do that . You’ve apparently forgotten a lot of things, so …]

Holly: [I think you’re going too far with that ~.]

Wanting to at least bid them farewell, Rem had climbed down the wooden frame and seemed to be reluctant to part ways with them.

Louis also showing her unwillingness to leave Holly and Kuna was something unexpected. She had gotten close to Holly in particular, who was outspoken and unreserved with her interactions. Louis clung on to Holly’s stomach for a while, refusing to separate herself from her.

Kuna: [Bye, Subaru . Don’t forget, I’ll be watching .]

Holly: [ Yep ~!]

Subaru: [Yeah! Thank you so much! Thank you!]

Turning their backs towards the two waving their hands in an exaggerated manner, Subaru’s group resumed their three-person-journey.

Subaru had placed back the horn he was given into its wrapping, and left it in Louis’s care by making her carry it on her back. Subaru had made that agonizing decision because his hands were occupied, but perhaps Holly and Kuna’s words had been effective, as Louis was trying to ensure the wrapping would not drop, following Subaru and Rem quietly.

Rem: [It means she also pays attention to a lot of things.]

Subaru: […I know she’s a ball of curiosity.]

Rem pointed it out while on his back, with Subaru replying to her with a bitter feeling.

The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Louis Arneb, had devoured myriad lives, in an attempt to find the life most suited for herself. She would be an inquirer if framed in a positive light, or an omnivore if framed negatively.

That was why, even if Louis had shown a slightly admirable side of herself, Subaru’s impression of her would not change.

It would not change.

Subaru: [Let’s go.]

Hearing Rem’s sigh behind him, Subaru began walking.

He also heard Louis’s footsteps as if she were following him.

There were only three of them, just as how it had been back then, when they had been first plunged into the Vollachian Empire.

Finally seeming as if they were all facing the same direction, they moved on.

And then, they passed through the gates of the Fortress City ― Guaral.

Translation notes :

[1] – This is a reference to Attack on Titan. The Re: Zero tribe “giant” and “titan” from attack on titan use the same word, 巨人.

--- Chapter 16: The Situation in the Empire ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The Fortress City of Guaral.

That was the name of the first civilized town in the Empire that Subaru’s party had reached.

Because they had constantly been sleeping under the stars at the Imperial Soldiers’ encampment and the Shudraqian village until now, catching sight of civilization was especially exciting.

That said, it was not as though they could just let go and enjoy the wonders of civilization.

The reason being――,

???: [――Inspection.]

Before their eyes, at the entrance to the city, they saw an inspection taking place, and Subaru wet his lips with his tongue.

Guaral was surrounded on all four sides by a protective wall, and entering or exiting from the east and west was limited by large gates. There were permanent inspection posts at the gates, and even from a distance the gate guards’ grim faces as they kept a stern, watchful eye, could be confirmed.

Kuna: [They’ll be able to tell we’re Shudraquian with one look . So we can’t come with you friends, but as long as you’re not carrying anything shady you’ll be fine .]

Holly: [It’ll work out if you’re not timid and walk in boldly~ . Take care of Rem and Louis-chan okay~? ]

Before they arrived at the city, those were the parting words of Kuna and Holly.

Both had advised him not to get more worked up than necessary, but to forget his nervousness and anxiety so easily was a suggestion impossible to follow.

Since, at any rate, in the Empire they were foreigners with unknown affiliations and no identification either.

Subaru: [Anyways, even a foreigner with no common sense like me can tell Lugunican people aren’t welcome to wander around in Vollachia these days.]

It seemed that if he foolishly revealed his true identity, he would without a doubt incur the displeasure of the gate guards.

It was not just that they could literally be turned away at the gate, to be inadvertently arrested or something of the sort would be a terrible event if it came to pass. He had already gone through that back at the Imperial encampment.

――Subaru absolutely could not permit an end such as that, where many would burn as a result of his own mishaps, to occur again.

Subaru: [――――]

???: […People around you are going to get suspicious if you look too grim.]

Subaru had furrowed his brows, in reflection of how torn he was within; upon hearing her voice, his eyes widened in surprise.

The voice had come from his back―― And had belonged to Rem, who was riding along in the wooden backpack. Because of the way the pack was structured, Rem should not be able to see Subaru’s face since their backs were up against each other.

Subaru: [And yet, how did you know I was wrinkling my brows?]

Rem: [Even if I can’t see it, I can hear your breathing. Your heartbeat too, since our backs are touching, although it is through the backpack… I can feel the tension from here.]

Subaru: [Oof… Sorry ‘bout that. For my wrinkled brow, and for my loud heartbeat too.]

Rem: [Yes. Allow me some quiet, please.]

Subaru: [By that, you mean “calm down”, not “stop breathing” right?]

In response to Subaru seeking confirmation just in case, Rem remained silent, sighing.

Rem’s long sigh felt like it was somewhere between being fed up with Subaru and being apathetic towards him. Since it was not born out of clear disgust or hostility, Subaru was a tiny bit relieved.

If one were to tell him his aspirations were low, there would be nothing he could reply back with.

Louis: [Ooh, ooh?]

Subaru: […I get it, so hurry up. You’re also one cause of my worries y’know!]

Pulling vigorously on Subaru’s sleeve and pointing at the line was the long-haired Louis.

The Witchbeast’s horn which Kuna had bequeathed to them――Louis was shouldering it in a white bundle, currently wondering why Subaru was not lining up.

However, he could not act thoughtlessly like Louis and recklessly line up in the queue.

Subaru: [Right now, we don’t have any way to give identification or bribes to the gate guards. So, it’s impossible to approach from the front.]

Rem: [Isn’t it possible to line up and talk it out with the gate guards?]

Subaru: [Being honest and talking it out is an option, but a situation in which it fails and we can’t recover from is scary… Cause, we don’t have anyone that we can rely on right now.]

Listening to Subaru’s concerns, Rem made a small noise and went silent.

It may have been difficult to imagine for the amnesiac Rem, but for every place to place, and culture to culture, there was no overdoing cautiousness.

――Surprisingly, ten days were about to pass, since the time the trio had been blown off into the Empire from the Pleiades Watchtower.

The initial chaos had subsided quite a bit, and the heated relationship between Subaru, Rem and Louis had been shelved away for the time being. Nevertheless, it was still difficult to say that everything was looking up.

In any case, the only time when Subaru and Rem – and also Louis – were acting together and by themselves, had occurred when they were running from the Hunter and Elgina. It lasted merely a moment after they had been blown off here.

Any other time, whether at the Imperial Soldiers’ camp, the Shudraqian settlement or during the journey to Guaral, there was always someone familiar with the Empire alongside them.

They were not on friendly terms with everyone there, but at least they were not lonely.

Subaru: [But, it’s different now.]

Antagonising Todd and his crew, splitting off from Abel’s path and even separating from the People of Shudraq.

From here on out, the trio would need to traverse the untrodden lands of the Empire without any crutches. Like it or not, taking care in their decisions would be the name of the game.

Rem: [So, what shall we do? No matter how troubled or hesitant, our goal is still the same, right? There’s no way we can just pass by through this city, I reckon…]

Subaru: [Even if we call it quits here because of this inspection, they might be doing the same thing in other cities. If only this were Lugunica, they wouldn’t be on such high alert…. No.]

Subaru shook his head, taking into account the situation in the Empire.

Though they had since parted from him, Abel had conveyed to them his own situation, and how he had been ousted from his seat as Emperor. If that were true, then, currently, the Empire was in the midst of internal strife, one could say.

Though Abel had said that the matter of the Emperor’s absence was being kept from the populace, putting a lid on people’s mouths was pretty difficult, and the mood would be surreptitiously contagious.

On that, even Todd had looked like he had been holding misgivings at their dispatchment back at the encampment.

Subaru: [If that’s the case, then I guess it’s because of Abel that the inspections are so strict…? Shit, screw that guy.]

Though Abel had been of some help to them, he would rather place him as more of a negative, given the problems when you evened it all out, and mood-related ones.

Given his personality and attitude, it was easy to imagine a Nobunaga-esque reason as to why the people beneath him had rebelled.　[1]

Subaru: [He seemed like a guy who would carry out the phrase, “The King does not understand human feelings,” for real.]　[2]

Rem: […Are you perhaps wasting time by thinking about worthless things, instead of being worried in earnest?]

Rem’s voice hardened into ice as Subaru muttered that out while rubbing his chin.

Her tone harbored genuine anger, stretching beyond exasperation or indifference, causing Subaru to try and explain his previous remark in a hurry.

Subaru: [Nonono, wait a moment, relax. My Round Table-like comment was definitely worse than some idle chatter, but it’s not like I’m just absent-mindedly staring at the line without a plan. I do have an idea.]

Rem: [Don’t you feel embarrassed as a person, lying with such nonchalance?]

Subaru: [At least please show that you’re willing to trust me, even if it’s just a little bit! You’re being too hasty by deciding that I lied in a snap !]

Rem’s impression of him continued to decrease without ever reaching rock-bottom, and Subaru was desperate to restore her trust.

Truthfully, he did not make up lie after lie, since he did have an alternative plan to pass through the inspection process. If it were just Subaru and Rem, it would be impossible to bypass the gate guards’ check-up the proper way.

If so, it did not just have to be Subaru and Rem.

Rem: [That means…]

Subaru: [It’s time to demonstrate Natsuki Subaru’s hundred and eighth special skill ― “Relying On Other People”.]　[3]

Subaru answered with a smile that showed his gleaming teeth, while holding a thumbs up.

For some reason, behind himself, he felt as if Rem had frowned at his response, even if he should not have been able to see her face.

△▼△▼△▼△

Passing through the inspection, which had been packed with a unique sort of tension, they went through the towering main gate.

Like that, Subaru’s field of vision opened up. As he faced the stone-crafted cityscape that overflowed with exoticness, he thrusted both of his hands into the air out of a sense of accomplishment.

Subaru: [We passed through!]

Louis: [Aauu!]

Listening to Subaru’s zesty voice, Louis raised her hands up as well right beside him.

Subaru had some personal opinions regarding her, acting as if they were companions; but for now, the joy he felt at overcoming the first hurdle to enter the city washed those away.

Although he was immensely vexed about it, there was the truth that Louis’s existence had been useful in passing the inspection.

Subaru: [Speaking of which, this place really is completely different from Lugunica. Although there were tiny differences between the Capital and Pristella as well……]

While taking in the ambiance of the streets, in his mind Subaru compared it to the townscapes in the Kingdom of Lugunica.

To Subaru the most striking were the streets of Costuul near the new Roswaal mansion, but as expected, the variance was great when compared to a different country.

Each had their own idiosyncrasies, the Royal Capital, Costuul, and Pristella too, but they had something of a commonality in atmosphere, something characteristic of the Kingdom. That he could not sense in Guaral.

So to speak, compared to the parallel fantasy world noble-like feel of the Kingdom, the stores and houses in the streets of the Empire seemed more rustic and devoid of color. It gave an impression of valuing utility over showiness.

The entire street was unified in a sense, as they evoked a sense of power and refinement rather than splendor, and it felt like the leveled ground encouraged that impression.

Subaru: [If it were Lugunica this would be stone pavement, but here it’s kinda basic, huh?]

Considering the size of the streets and population, Guaral could be thought of as an above average city in the Empire.

On the whole, it was a pretty good measuring stick, to compare various places in the Empire.

Subaru: [Well, we don’t wanna stay too long, so I better not waste time using measuring sticks either.]

Rem: [――Um, could you let me down before long?]

Subaru: [Ah, my bad.]

Behind Subaru, strong feelings being evoked in him, Rem requested to be let down from her ride on the wooden rack, and Subaru apologized as he slowly got down on his knees on the spot.

She undid the fasten across her shoulders and got out of the carrier, and clutching her cane Rem stood on the ground.

While on the long journey, she had been carried in the wooden rack, but if they were going to walk through a street, she wanted to walk on her own two legs. There was no reason to hurry either, so there was no reason not to grant Rem’s request.

Rem: [This is…]

Using her cane, Rem turned around and finally gazed upon the same view as Subaru and Louis.

Eyebrows raised slightly, Rem’s pale blue eyes held an indistinct sense of wonder and excitement, and seeing Rem’s positive reaction Subaru’s face relaxed a little.

Subaru: [How ‘bout it, you surprised?]

Rem: [That is… Yes, I am. The queue was similar but… It’s because this is my first time seeing people like this, and a proper street too.]

Subaru: [Ah, it is, isn’t it? This is your first time in a normal human town, huh.]

As mentioned above, up until now, Rem’s experiences had been limited to exceptional places and treatment.

And as long as she remained without Memories, Rem would possess no recollection of living with anyone either. Life with Subaru, Louis, and the Shudraqians amounted to the entirety of the experience Rem had.

Subaru: [――――]

Rem looked deeply moved, smiling with her whole face, and Subaru closed one eye.

For now, he folded up the wooden rack Rem had gotten out of and waited for her excitement to subside.

――It was hard to say Guaral was brimming with life for a city.

The queued checkpoints, and the boorish dark colors of the streets stood out. Altogether, the place’s impression was a far cry from gorgeous. The size of the city too, appeared to be in the thousands.

And yet, that did not detract value from the excitement in Rem’s eyes it seemed.

Subaru: [So then, shall we look around a bit?]

Rem: [――. No, it’s fine. I don’t want to take up too much time.]

Subaru: [If it’s for you, I wouldn’t say it’s too much…]

Rem shook her head, and Subaru scratched his cheek as he answered.

Really, if it served as a promising sign regarding Rem’s inner feelings, sightseeing around town wouldn’t be a problem. If a pressing matter arose, he would want her to hold back, but for now the outlook was positive.

After all, it was because of Rem’s quickwittedness that they were so fortunate.

Subaru: [If it weren’t for Rem, I wouldn’t have managed successfully with Flop-san and his sister. It’s okay for you to be a little selfish, y’know.]

Rem: [… What I am saying is that it’s not good to keep them waiting. Even though you’re already relying on their kindness, are you going to incur more debt beyond that?]

Subaru: [Oh… When you put it like that, yeah, sorry…]

Turning away from the buildings, Rem’s sharp gaze pressed down on Subaru’s heart.

Behind Subaru’s group, slowly with the sound of heavy wheels, came an oxcart ―― a Falo -cart, pulled by a Brave Oxen Falo, came along.

Falos , like ground dragons and the large canine Ligers, were a type of animal used for labor.

Like ground dragons and Ligers, many pulled carts, and many were used for things like transporting cargo. Their pace was slow, and they did not have the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion like ground dragons either, and he’d heard they were generally utilized in cities.

And then――,

???: [Hey hey hey, kept you waiting, huh? They took their sweet time checking the cargo. Honestly, those officials’ task is such a pain.]

Speaking with a shrug from the coachman’s seat of the falo-cart was a young man with long bangs.

A character with dazzling golden hair and a fair-skinned complexion, his slender form wrapped in wide sleeved clothing, it was the person who had assisted Subaru’s group with entering the city.

At the appearance of the young man on the falo-cart, Subaru gave a “Glad you made it”, and bowed his head.

Subaru: [I’m sorry, Flop-san. Next time I’ll get them to let you through ahead of us.]

Flop: [Nah, I don’t mind really. Things like cargo inspection are tedious work. So it’s not especially worth coming along to see, I must say.]

In response to Subaru’s words of apology, the youth in the coachman’s seat―― Flop gently shook his head.

With his flowy gesture his long bangs swayed like the mane of a lion, and Subaru felt like he could envision a sparkling effect there. He was a quirky guy, but since his responses were relatively forthright, the gap was large.

That sort of mental image before Subaru, he once again smoothed down his own bangs,

Flop: [Yeah, it’s a boring task. In the future, travelers like you should leave that sort of thing to me… Actually, I’m sure my sister can handle it.]

???: [Big bro, big bro, I can hear you though!]

Flop: [Hahaha, it’s not as if you weren’t supposed to hear what I said, dear sister. Don’t underestimate an older brother’s volume.]

Walking alongside the slowly advancing cart, was the woman whom Flop had let overhear his slightly out-of-focus response.

She was a woman of high stature with hair the same color as Flop’s, her features very much resembling his. Her shoulders and legs were exposed by a daring attire, and her voluminous hair was parted into many segments in an avant-garde style.

Even with that kind of peculiar outward appearance, the two barbarian swords attached to opposite sides of her waist were probably what stood out the most.

It was clear these were not weapons for mere show or vain threats, since their condition was that of having been well-used.

This woman was called Medium, and along with her older brother Flop, the two traveled together as the friendly O’Connell siblings.

They had made their acquaintance in the inspection line, and they had helped Subaru’s group, for whom providing identification or bribes would have been difficult, pass through inspection. So they were partners that ought to be called benefactors.

Of course, it wasn’t just out of kindness that they had cooperated with Subaru’s party. To begin with, it had been Subaru who had laid his eyes on the O’Connells with the objective of passing the inspection.

As they were without money or connections, cooperating with another party was a requirement to get through the checkpoint.

So when Subaru saw them, he thought there might be room for negotiations.

The reason he thought so was――,

Medium: [Wowie, Big bro! So, you saw through everything I was thinking!]

Flop: [Of course, naturally. You can’t win in business if you can’t predict someone’s thoughts. Our O’Connell Trading Company is viable because of my brains and your brawn, y’know!]

Medium: [That’s my bro! Though I don’t really get what you’re saying!]

Flop: [Hahahaha, it’s great that you seem to be enjoying life dear sister!」

Both their chests puffed up with pride, the O’Connell siblings laughed together uproariously. Their trade was peddling.

To be precise, Flop was responsible for the business of peddling, and Medium was the one in charge of guarding her brother and their goods while on the road and inside towns.

――Merchants.

Well, actually, for Subaru to pass the inspection, that was the selection criteria for companions to depend on.

Subaru: [The experience of talking about this and that with Otto and Anastasia-san came in handy…]

His close friend Otto, and Anastasia, with whom he had embarked on a long journey. ――The latter was not really the person herself, but Echidna who had been acting as her, although the knowledge she showed ought to be the same as the person in question.

He had mainly received instruction from those two, and that was the seed of Subaru’s faith in merchants.

Even across national borders, if someone were a merchant, they would be willing to listen to a partner who presented benefits.

Literally ready to take a chance on a strong offensive gambit, after they’d struck out on four groups of merchants, Subaru’s party encountered the O’Connell siblings.

And then, they won over that somewhat quirky pair, and successfully earned their cooperation in crossing the checkpoint.

As the leverage for negotiation, the item that captured their interest was――,

Subaru: [By the way, is this wooden rack really enough as compensation? Though I did put effort into making it, the crudeness of its craftsmanship still makes it very obvious that it’s handmade?]

Flop: [I can’t deny that it’s very minimalistic. However, the fact it can be assembled from parts, as well as the way it’s designed and made for carrying were what piqued my interest. It’d be useful even for transporting heavy baggage, no?]

Subaru: […Well, as long as Flop-san’s fine with that.]

Feeling somewhat unassured, Subaru handed the folded wooden rack over to Medium.

After receiving it, Medium let out a “Woah~” as she checked it out, then turned around and shoved it inside the cargo bed of the falo-cart. It seemed like she had not seen much value in the rack.

In truth, even Subaru himself didn’t know what exactly Flop had seen in it.

The handover of the wooden rack made by Subaru had been the condition for the O’Connell siblings’ assistance.

After seeing Rem being carried by use of the wooden rack, Flop had felt it was a unique and fascinating creation, and promised to help break through the inspection with the object in exchange.

Honestly, as far as Subaru was concerned, who had been prepared for something like a mabeast’s horn to be brought up to the negotiation table, he could say this had been a rather unexpected proposal.

Subaru: [I was thinking about remaking it with better materials after arriving in town anyways, worst case scenario, it was possible that Rem wouldn’t want to ride on it anymore.]

Rem: [It’s true that I want to walk with my own feet whenever possible. Because if I ride on the wooden rack, your stench will come drifting along with the wind.]

Subaru: [ Sorry …]

While leaning on the cane, Rem dished out a jab on the matter of the witch’s scent in a low voice.

Nonetheless, enduring this whole time during their travels and only saying so after reaching their destination was considerate of her, or so Subaru told himself.

Watching this back-and-forth between Subaru and Rem, Flop shrugged his shoulders as if saying “This won’t do”. Although he displayed a completely rueful reaction, there was a reason behind that attitude.

Flop: [Try to get along better, you guys. To be husband and wife means to be each other’s support. The way you relied on each other earlier was absolutely beautiful.]

Medium: [Well, the one who took away their wooden rack was big bro though.]

Flop: [Exactly! What right do I have for saying that, silly me!]

One held his palm against his forehead, and the other holding her stomach, Flop and Medium bursted out in laughter.

Affected by the sibling’s guffaws, Subaru’s tensed face eased while taking a quick peek at Rem. Without a hint of laughter on her face, was Rem, to whom Louis was holding on to with one arm.

Directed at the girl’s profile, Subaru voiced a “Umm~” timidly.

Subaru: [You know, erm, Rem-san? Are you perhaps upset right now?]

Rem: [Huh? Why would I be upset? Do you have a clue as to why or something?]

Subaru: [Oh no, I was just wondering if it was against your wishes to play husband and wife with me, even if it’s just made up for the sake of our disguise…]

While poking his index fingers against each other, Subaru tries to tend to Rem’s mood in trepidation.

From Flop and Medium’s perspectives, the relationship between Subaru and Rem was that of husband and wife.

That had been the result of Subaru’s sudden speechlessness at the abrupt demand for an answer regarding their relationship the siblings had put out, while having a discussion for passing the inspection. ――No, it was not because of speechlessness.

They did have an answer prepared beforehand, however the credibility of that answer was doubted, so there was nothing that could be done about it.

Subaru: [To think that the story of traveling siblings was not believable enough…]

Rem: [Flop-san and Medium-san are not only under the same situation, but the two of them are also very similar in terms of appearance, that’s why. It’s an impossible feat to pull off for me, you, and this child.]

On the matter of deceiving them, as merchants living in a world filled with deception and honesty, there was no other choice but to say that Subaru was simply too inexperienced to succeed.

In the first place, the one who had seen through their lie had been Medium, who had blurted out “they look nothing alike, right big bro?” in a loud voice.

Anywho, after being defeated by those keen eyes, the spectacular story (derived from the brother-sister setting Subaru had prepared beforehand) of how they had traveled far from their hometown with the goal of throwing away a cursed ring in a far-off mountain had been rendered useless. [4]

The shock received from that was another reason as to why Subaru had entered a state of stupefaction when the time came to supposedly answer their question. The one that had saved him from that predicament had been Rem, who made use of her quick-wittedness and explained, “I’m his wife”.

Subaru: [So the story is that Rem and I are husband and wife, and this kid is the child of Rem’s elder sister, who left her in our care…]

Rem: [Wasn’t it you who told me I had an older sister? Although, since we’re supposed to be twins, I don’t think she’ll have such a grown kid… but I’ll turn a blind eye to that.]

Louis: [Hmm~?]

Having been stroked on the head by Rem, Louis let out a tiny groan with a content look.

Louis’s harmless presence and mannerism had been one of the reasons why Flop and Medium had not become cautious around Subaru’s group, apparently.

Leaving aside Subaru and his nasty-looking eyes, there was the debilitated Rem and the vulnerable Louis. This trio did not seem like bad people who would commit crimes in the city to Flop and Medium.

Rem: [Why…]

Subaru: [Hm?]

Rem: [Why did you fumble your words in that situation? It’s not like you’re incapable considering how you normally chatter on and on.]

Subaru: [That feels like a complaint disguised as praise…]

Nevertheless, it was true that Subaru’s incompetence had almost caused trouble for Rem.

If it weren’t for Rem’s quick response, the three of them would most likely still be stuck outside the gate, gawking at the line helplessly.

Subaru: [————]

There was a limit to how far he could get by just fooling around.

Subaru, wanting to avoid damaging his trust with Rem any further, let out a faint “Ah,” when Rem casted her eyes towards him.

Subaru: [I was surprised myself but, the moment they saw through the lie, my body tensed up like crazy. Maybe it was because I was traumatized by the campground from before.]

Rem: [Ah…]

Subaru: [I thought that if we gave a sloppy answer, Flop and Medium might’ve changed their attitude or something. I’m ashamed to say but, that was why my train of thought suddenly stopped. My bad.]

After conveying the self-analysis of his incompetent self, Subaru lowered his head towards Rem sincerely.

A brain full of smart little tricks coupled with an articulate tongue, that was one of the few weapons Natsuki Subaru possessed. That was why, once both of those stopped working, Subaru would be reduced to nothing but a mere nuisance.

He was responsible for Rem’s well-being. ――Careless failures cannot be afforded.

Rem: [――. I understand now. I guess it is what it is.]

Subaru: […Really? Even though I messed up like that?]

Rem: [Anyone would freeze up after having experienced something unpleasant. That’s what I think, at least.]

Subaru, who had thought he was totally going to be yelled at mercilessly, was surprised by Rem’s response.

Of course, it was because Rem’s very core was kind, so he was already aware that she would spare her consideration for other people. The fact that Subaru was among those who she directed her consideration towards, however, was a surprise.

Subaru: […So you’re not mad?]

Rem: [I’m not angry. But, just discuss with me beforehand next time. Because I don’t think I’ll be able to spin up believable excuses every time.]

Subaru: [Ohh, okay, understood. You sure you aren’t mad though, right?]

Rem: [I’m not mad.]

Subaru: [For sure for sure?]

Rem: [Haven’t I been saying I wasn’t mad…!]

Out of excess worry, Subaru had fueled Rem’s anger instead.

Hugging his head from Rem’s sharp gaze, Subaru cowered and begged for forgiveness in the end.

With that interlude, Subaru’s group finally entered the stage called Guaral.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [――I can finally relax!]

Said Subaru who threw himself onto the bed at the inn, stretching his arms and legs, enjoying the freedom.

The bed and sheets which possessed decent quality, and the ambiance of the room let off a decent sense of cleanliness; both these aspects indicated the quality of the inn was above average.

Given their situation, although it was not like they should indulge in too much luxury, this was a necessary expense to ensure safety.

Otto: [ If we are to stay somewhere, I believe it is best that we eliminate the options of cheap inns and camping. Leaving people who have the power to protect themselves aside such as Emilia-sama and Garfiel, people like me or Natsuki-san would be easy pickings for those harboring ill intents .]

Such was one of the topics brought up in conversations over alcohol, which used to take place in Otto’s room.

Thinking hard about it, being that cautious was necessary, but in the case that the traveling budget wasn’t very high, safety would be something that would slip out of mind easily.

However, considering the situation that Subaru and the rest were in at the moment, it was a needed expense.

Although, speaking of which――

Subaru: [We sure spent a considerable time fighting over who gets which room…]

While saying so, Subaru rolled over on his bed, and began staring at the wall.

Beyond that wall, in the adjacent room were Rem and Louis.―― They had decided to rent an inn in Guaral and divided the rooms based on gender, but Subaru felt disappointed with the results.

Albeit a while had passed, Subaru had yet to fully shed his suspicions of her. He was still opposed to them being together outside of his personal supervision.

That said, Rem had refused his proposal for all of them to share one room. Thus at present, he had no choice but to settle in with the current state of affairs but――

???: [My oh my, Husband-kun, feeling quite sullen today aren’t we. Wonderful, simply wonderful!]

So spoke Flop as he entered the room quite belayed.

Inside, he tossed his luggage onto the bed Subaru was not mulling on, then winked at him as he caressed his own long bangs.

While Flop was indeed being Flop, he did have an actual reason to be present.

This room had been rented with the intention that Subaru and Flop occupy it, and Flop’s sister, Medium, would occupy the other room with Rem.

Subaru: [Ahhh, I’m sorry. For leaving everything to you…]

Flop: [It’s all fine and dandy. You protected yourself with wit. The saying that “The people of the Empire must be strong” does not refer exclusively to the art of war.]

Subaru: […That makes me feel a bit better, thank you.]

Sitting cross-legged on the bed, Subaru smiled at him bitterly.

Even after overcoming the checkpoint at the gates, the siblings Flop and Medium had continued to help Subaru and his friends in various other ways.

They had helped in finding an inn where they could procure safety as well, but the biggest help Subaru had received regarded the Witchbeast’s horn.

Subaru: [Who knows how we’d have been taken advantage of if we were on our own.]

The horn of the Witchbeast that Louis had carried was already no longer in their possession.

This was because, following Kuna’s, along with many others’ advice, they had liquidated the horn into currency. For some reason, Flop had come along and helped in the selling price negotiations for it.

All they could do was witness the unfolding of a fierce battle between Flop and the shop owner, like people watching a court trial in progress while being ignorant of the law.

Regardless, they had managed to convert the Witchbeast’s horn into Imperial Gold Coins.

That adequately heavy bag of coins would provide funds for Subaru’s ‘campaign’ in the Empire. It would have to cover their future traveling expenses, so they had to be careful about it.

Subaru: [I can’t afford to get swallowed whole again like before after all.]

Flop: [Hahaha! The first move should always be an attempt to be imposing. Straighten your back and stand tall, and you’ll see your opposition won’t come to make their move so easily. Your baseless confidence may just become the only truth in the meantime. Doesn’t profit only exist beyond that!]

Subaru: [Yeah, when you put it like that, it definitely sounds really convincing…]

For better or worse, Flop was full of confidence.

Subaru could imagine circumstances where his unreserved way of speaking would bring about unnecessary arguments, but seeing as he had made his way in the world to date, his way of life was evidently correct.

In fact, Subaru had been saved by those very mannerisms of his, so he was quite honestly impressed.

Flop: [That said, it was quite the long trip with Wife-san, correct? Would you prefer to continue that conversation of ours tomorrow?]

Subaru: [It… It’s a pretty tempting suggestion, but I’m good. We need to get to our destination as soon as possible. We can’t afford to waste even a single day.]

Tempted as he were by the softness of the bed, Subaru managed to tear himself away from it.

As Subaru got off the bed, Flop exclaimed “Truly fantastic”, with his hands thrown out,

Flop: [There are times when dragging along one’s feet for the sake of one’s loved ones, even if they are heavy as iron, is truly a necessity. For me, that’s my sister. For you, Husband-kun, it’s Wife-san.]

Subaru: [Don’t put it like that, it makes me feel awkward!… So, may I ask you to show us the way?]

Flop: [By all means. I was the one who proposed the idea in the first place!]

He smacked his fist on his chest as he willingly accepted.

Having received his answer, Subaru pulled his will to lie down back into him with renewed vigor, and headed off to the next room with Flop in tow.

He knocked on the door and called out to Rem.

Subaru: [Is everything good on your end, Rem?]

Rem: [Yes, everything’s fine. Medium-san and I were just having a discussion on whose bed Louis-san should sleep…]

Subaru: […I see.]

Rem: [You thought that we should put her to sleep on the floor just now, didn’t you?]

Subaru: [I didn’t say anything because you’d get mad at me…]

Considering how dangerous Louis was, he could not suggest letting her sleep on the same bed as Medium.

If he were allowed to speak his mind, Subaru would’ve opted to stay up all night to keep an eye on her, but given his current physical condition, he’d end up falling asleep within the first few hours after starting.

He had no choice but to put faith in her, seeing as she had done nothing worth being on guard for in the last ten days.

―― Trusting an Archbishop would be just a stupid idea all around, though.

Subaru: [Remember that talk we had earlier? Yeah, I’m heading out for a bit with Flop-san. I’ll buy dinner on the way back, so let’s eat together.]

Rem: [I understand… Well, now that I think about it, there are lots of people around here now, so I don’t really have to rely on just you anymore.]

Subaru: [Why, of all times, did you have to say something like that now!? That just makes it harder for me to go out!]

Rem: […Why indeed. I just said whatever came to mind.]

Even though Rem had just filled him with incredible reluctance, Subaru strived to prioritize his original goal.

He waved his hand to Medium, who was playing around with Louis, letting her pull on her hair,

Subaru: [Medium-san, please look after these two for me. If she bothers you too much, just hit her with everything you got.]

Medium: [Reallyyy~? My punches hurt lots and lots, y’know?]

Subaru: [Exactly. Sometimes pain’s a great teacher.]

That said, Rem would definitely step in should something go wrong.

Vexing as it were, Louis was helping Rem gain mental stability. He was thankful for that. Were she present with no purpose, he would surely be unable to find even a shred of justification to carry her around with them.

Flop: [What a tumultuous journey it must have been, Husband-kun.]

Once he had left Rem and Louis behind at the inn and stepped out onto the streets, Flop tapped his shoulder.

Being offered consolation like that had given rise to an urge to begin spewing complaints inside Subaru, but even if he had given in to it, it would only put Flop in a difficult position.

Especially with how he was indebted to him and Medium.

He wished to not pile anything else on top of them.

Subaru: [Relying on others might be one of my hundred and eight special moves, but even that has a limit.]

Flop: [Certainly, so long as you do not put your full weight on them, relying on others is not at all a bad thing. My sister and I are traveling together, so we make up for each other’s shortcomings. Otherwise, both of us would surely have perished long before. That too is the Imperial Way.]

Subaru: [The Imperial Way…]

As Flop waved around his hands, patting his own bangs once more, Subaru thought about the words he spoke of. The Imperial Way. They lay heavy on his chest.

Perhaps, that was the source of Subaru’s intangible fear―― The difference in values of life.

In that sense, Flop’s trains of thought were easy to digest as they hit closer to home. His manner of being was definitely different from what Subaru had experienced so far in the Vollachian Empire, however.

Flop: [Not everyone can adopt a martial way of life. What is important is to come to terms with oneself within our own outlines of life.]

Subaru: [Come to terms with oneself, huh.]

Flop: [As I said a moment ago, if we were to look at Medium and myself as individuals on their own, our numerous weaknesses would be quite apparent. However, should we come together, we can cover up each other’s flaws, and they become quite trifling. In fact, one could say my sister and I have made it alive to the present day because of this, and that’d indeed be the whole truth.]

Subaru: [――――]

Flop: [Always keep this in mind, Husband-kun. We, my sister and I, you and Wife-san, we have all won all of life’s challenges so far only because we went at them head on. ――Do I seem like a man of the Empire more now?]

His cheeks loosened, Flop waited for praise.

Subaru stared hard at him, when he was hit with an epiphany. To make up for one’s lackings with the help of others; that was no different from his own values.

He had thought there would be none in the Empire with whom his ideals would be shared.

Subaru: [Not everything’s that hopeless, huh.]

Flop: [That said, when most of the Empire’s residents speak of the Imperial Way, they do indeed refer to brute strength! My ideals are laughed at. The flapping of a chicken’s wings, they call it! My way of thinking is by no means common.]

As Subaru came to his own conclusions, Flop once more reminded him to not be too trusting.

However,

Flop: [That’s precisely why, putting a price on that skill also holds true. Like how I’m referring you to someone.]

Subaru: [Yup, thanks a bunch.]

Nodding, Subaru reaffirmed his gratitude for Flop’s referral.

On top of Flop’s help on getting past the security check and finding them an inn, he was thankful to Flop for the reason of this outing――A meeting with a referral that could help smooth out Subaru’s group’s journey by securing them a mode of transport and an escort.

Just like how Kuna and Holly had escorted them on their way to Guaral, they required a skilled bodyguard to protect them from the dangers of the road. Otherwise the journey would be difficult.

There was a limit to how much Subaru could travel by foot while carrying Rem on his back. Ideally he’d opt to acquire an Earth Dragon, but if that proved to be a difficult task, a Brave Ox or Large Canine would do. In any case, a riding beast was necessary for transport.

And for both of those, they had to get by with their limited funds.

Subaru: [That’s why, we’ve been seriously saved because Flop has someone in mind.]

Flop: [You say someone in mind, but I just know about the bar where someone with that occupation regularly visits. Now, if you’re talking about riding beasts, then we’ve got something to talk about. ――That’s right, like a Falo Cart!]

Subaru: [You’re really pushing Falos, aren’t you?]

Flop: [I’m not kidding when I say I grew up on Falo milk, ‘cause I’m a Falo fan.]

Laughing loudly, Flop strongly recommended Falos in a passionate tone.

Subaru did not know about the circumstances of travel for those who had large amounts of cargo, but at least for Subaru’s group, who wanted to travel long distances, Falos were not a good match for them. Their speed was rather slow, and so, Falos would be their last resort.

Flop: [Anyhow, you should take any little precaution you can when on the road… Just between us, things at the Imperial Capital seem to be pretty rowdy at the moment. It’s not guaranteed that those sparks won’t spread.]

Subaru: [――The Imperial Capital is rowdy.]

Subaru’s eyebrows twitched. However, Flop did not seem to notice his reaction and crossed his arms, replying with “That’s right”.

Flop: [The Empire’s known to constantly have spots of smoldering embers somewhere all year round, but the possibility of an ember sparking and spreading is being feared right now. I didn’t want to worry Wife-san, so I’m telling this only to you.]

Subaru: [Thank you for the consideration… By the way, is that related to the Emperor or something in any way?]

Flop: [To the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia?]

Flop widened his eyes in surprise, as if he had heard something that one would never dream of. He then immediately shook his head saying “Nonono,”

Flop: [Something happening to His Excellency the Emperor is unheard of. Besides, His Excellency the Emperor has managed to settle the country’s affairs so far, superbly so.]

Subaru: [But you said those embers are still smoldering, didn’t you?]

Flop: [The reason they stay as embers is due to the prowess of His Excellency the Emperor. His Excellency rose to the throne of the Emperor about seven or eight years ago. Before then, the Empire was in a much more chaotic state.]

Subaru: [――――]

Flop: [The Emperor himself is taking control of the situation regarding these current quarrels. I’m sure our homeland will return to its smoldering state very soon.]

Subaru: [Eh?]

Their homeland smoldering with embers, boasted Flop.

However, something Flop had asserted caught Subaru’s ears. ――How he said, that the Emperor himself was taking direct control of the situation.

Subaru: [The Emperor is trying to do something about the Imperial Capital’s troubles?]

Flop: [His own turf… Well, I guess if something happens very close to home, even the Emperor’d start taking action. Anyone who takes advantage of the situation will be spared no quarter, that kind of statement was issued.]

Subaru: [A statement from the Emperor…]

There did not seem to be any indication of a lie from Flop’s matter-of-fact explanation.

In any case, Flop would have absolutely no reason to try and deceive Subaru on the troubles going on inside the Imperial Capital. So at the very least, he spoke what was the truth for him.

Nevertheless, that was why Subaru’s ears had gotten hung up on it.

Subaru: [If Abel really is the Emperor, then he was the one that gave out that statement…?]

――No, it was strange considering the timing.

Of course, giving out an official statement did not necessitate the Emperor themself to be present. A minister could have easily ghost written it, and deflect blame by saying “The secretary did it.” First and foremost, if he were to believe Abel’s words, the people remaining at the Emperor’s Palace were none other than the people who chased him out.

They would stomp on their respect towards the Emperor and would use his name and anything else for their under-handed tactics.

Except――,

Subaru: [Abel could just be a crazy dude. I’ll keep that in mind, just in case.]

To see and believe something as presented was a sure-fire way to a quick death on the stormy oceans.

Even if this place were the ocean, that did not mean it would always be stormy. Subaru just wanted to assert his conviction that he needed at least this kind of mindset to face the Empire.

Most of all, as a person who had confronted and talked to Abel himself, there was a part of him that thought that his intensity was not something a self-proclaimed Emperor could give out but ――,

Flop: [――Husband-kun, it’s no good to have a scowl on your face.]

Flop spoke as he circled in front of Subaru, mulling over his expression.

Pointing to his own forehead, Flop directed words at Subaru, who unconsciously stopped moving,

Flop: [Good fortune won’t come to anyone who doesn’t have the time to smile. You’re going to try and find companions for your journey now, aren’t you? Then, you need to find someone good.]

Subaru: [That’s…]

Flop: [If that’s the case, then erase those wrinkles on your brow and warm those cheeks up. That’s what we call the merits of a successful man.]

Flop rubbed his fingers in between his eyebrows and then proceeded to warm his face up with his hands.

Seeing Flop’s act, Subaru caught his breath. Next, he slowly loosened his brow and cheeks with his fingers as he was told.

Subaru: [Yeah, I forgot. The look on my face is already nasty so I should at least carry with me a light and gentle atmosphere, shouldn’t I?]

Flop: [Sorry! My ability can’t do anything about your looks!]

Subaru: [You don’t have to take it that seriously! It’s something I got from my parents so I actually don’t mind it as much as I say it!]

Flop’s lament was overdramatic, and so he responded in an overdramatic fashion as well. Maybe that was part of Flop’s concern for him and he was just trying to relax Subaru’s stiff nervousness.

Exchanging quips like that, Subaru and Flop approached the street to their destination.

What Flop pointed toward, was a hideout-like bar at the end of the alleyway.

Flop: [Were it a lot of people, you’d normally hire a bunch of guards, but since Husband-kun, the Wife-san and Niece-chan only amount to three people, it’s not like you can say you’re a large family. After all, me and my sister can’t follow you out of Guaral!]

Subaru: [But, I got the feeling Medium-san’d stick with us if we played our cards right…]

Flop: [If my sister’s taken away, I can’t cover for my weaknesses, so I guess I’ll die!]

If one were to weigh trustworthiness and security on a scale, Flop and Medium were genuinely not a bad option. However, Subaru could not burden them more than he already had.

Subaru: [Hang on, worst-case scenario, we escape the country to Lugunica with the two of them in tow. And then, we could grant them the successful merchant life that Otto couldn’t achieve. That’s also a possibility…]

Flop: [Heyyy, Husband-kun? Are you alright?]

Flop waved his hand in front of the deep-in-thought Subaru, checking on his well-being.

Subaru scratched his head, replying to Flop with a “My bad”. It was just a thought, but he felt that it was not a bad proposal.

He felt bad that Flop had gone out of his way to show him the way here but――,

Subaru: [Hey, Flop-san? Medium-san and you, there’s a favour I――]

It was at the moment he tried to say “want to ask of you two“.

???: [――――]

――Somewhere, something faintly hard-sounding reverberated.

△▼△▼△▼△

Flop: [――Husband-kun, it’s no good to have a scowl on your face.]

Subaru: […Huh?]

Abruptly, his field of view shifted in a blink and Subaru’s mind went blank.

In front of Subaru, Flop was pointing at his own forehead. He was loosening the space in between his eyebrows by rubbing it with his fingers, and as if he were lecturing the frozen Subaru.

Flop: [Good fortune won’t come to anyone who doesn’t have the time to smile. You’re going to try and find companions for your journey now, aren’t you? Then, you need to find someone good.]

Subaru: [――――]

Flop: [If that’s the case, then erase those wrinkles on your brow and warm those cheeks up. That’s what we call the merits of a successful man.]

Continuing on, Flop started warming his cheeks up with his hands.

That action was something Subaru recognised as one he had seen before. Of course he recognised it. Because, it had occurred a sparse few minutes ago.

It was an exchange that had happened a mere few minutes ago, and the same conversation was repeating.

Subaru: [Oi, hang on, wait a second…]

Subaru was suddenly assaulted by cold sweat and covered his face with his hands.

Seeing that, Flop loudly exclaimed “Don’t hide it, relax it!”. However Subaru’s ability to reply to his words had vanished.

Looking around, he recognised the surrounding street too.

This was his first foray into this town’s streets, and he was not well-acquainted with Guaral. Yet, his memory was not as faulty as to forget the scenery he had just witnessed.

Meaning――,

Subaru: [――Did I Return by Death?]

In an inconspicuous situation, in which he did not know what exactly had happened to him, Subaru hardened his cheeks for a completely different reason from before, with that mutter escaping his lips.

Translation notes :

[1] – Read more about Nobunaga here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oda_Nobunaga

[2] – “The King does not understand human feelings” and “Round Table” are references to Fate/stay night .

[3] – “Hundred and eighth skill” is probably a reference to My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU .

[4] – This anecdote is most likely a reference to the Lord of the Rings saga.

--- Chapter 17: Looming Evil ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [――――]

Reflecting upon the unbelievable truth, Subaru could feel his entire body awash with cold sweat.

As far as Subaru knew, this was one of the most terrifying situations he could be in.

A scenery he remembered, a conversation he had already heard before. This was not something like déjà vu.

This was not an event that he thought had happened before, it was an event he was actually reliving. The reason for that was only one――He had Returned by Death.

Subaru: [But, why…?]

There was absolutely zero warning.

Particularly for Subaru, it felt like the world had switched out in a blink of an eye.

It felt so unreal to the point that it was enough to question whether the Authority he carried had misactivated. And that for some reason, the “Death” part of Return by Death had been dropped and only the “Return” part had activated.

Subaru: [Am I an idiot? No, I am definitely an idiot.]

Subaru disciplined himself as he attempted to look at this situation optimistically.

It was a stupid statement, but he had to trust Return by Death. The power to reverse time that Subaru held had never once been activated without death as a trigger.

By losing his life, Subaru would go back in time. That was a certainty.

Subaru: [―― OK , I’ll accept it. I’ve accepted it. Now, me, what do I do.]

Pushing his fist into his forehead, Subaru told his panicked self to be calm.

Now that he accepted that he had Returned by Death, the next point to focus on was his cause of death. He thought back to the events that had occured only a few dozen seconds ago.

Subaru: [… I can’t think of anything.]

However, even when reflecting back on the time he had met his demise, he could not recall anything.

He searched for the tiniest of clues in his memory, but turned up empty-handed.

The bar which was their destination; a talking Flop; the hustle and bustle of the main road getting quieter; the slight, unique smell of the shade in the alleyway; a faint, hard sound――that was all he could scrounge up.

None of them were linked to the reason as to why Subaru’s life was in danger.

Subaru: [Fuck, why am I always like this…!]

If Subaru had been watchful regarding changes in his surroundings, he would not be exposed to this misery. He detested and cursed his own carelessness.

However, the logical part of him understood that that was an impossible demand and it turned an unamused eye towards himself.

He was not a security camera. It was impossible to stay alert of his surroundings twenty-four-seven. He was not a genius that could take in the small changes in his environment and be able to form a plan to deal with them immediately.

Natsuki Subaru was undoubtedly an ordinary person.

That was the unchanging assessment he had given himself, even after experiencing his memories vicariously from the eyes of an outsider and seeing himself in a new light..

That was why he could not stop thinking and moving forward.

Subaru: [――The situation is similar to when Shaula first killed me.]

Along the path to Pleiades Watchtower, Subaru’s group, who was challenging the sand wind at the Augria Sand Dunes, had been annihilated by Shaula, who was guarding the area from the Watchtower to the sand sea.

The sand sea’s rite of passage had begun with a white light that could not be reacted to. It was that first strike which blew Subaru away and started the infernal fight afterwards.

What had occurred, what was the cause of death. The situation where it was uncertain if he had died or not could be said to be a mercy bestowed by his first death at the sand sea.

However, unlike then, he was currently in the middle of a town.

The environment was fundamentally different from the sand sea where he had the conviction to face the various dangers to his life.

Subaru: [What’s going to take my life in this situation…?]

A death with no forewarning. The only thing he could think of that fit the bill was still Shaula’s snipe, as it left a strong impression.

That was why he may have been shot this time too. Subaru had died inside the alleyway――although they were not tall, the surrounding buildings sandwiched them and created a space with poor visibility.

If one were to shoot here, they could only do it from the front or back, but this was not the most ideal place for shooting, was what he thought. Of course, since Subaru did not know how accurate his memory was, the possibility that this position actually allowed an ideal line of sight was――,

Flop: [――Husband-kun? Why is your brow more wrinkled than before?]

Subaru: [Ah…]

Flop: [Weren’t you listening to my advice? Your fortune will run away if you don’t erase those wrinkles! To chase something that’s run away is an arduous task! Cause I’m usually on an ox cart!]

Hitting his hand on his chest, Flop exaggeratedly gestured in front of Subaru.

Sensing that this overaction of his had the purpose of cheering up Subaru’s grimacing face, Subaru could not help but freeze up at his actions.

To find his cause of death, he would have to investigate the suspect that was travelling with him at the time too.

In the case that Subaru’s cause of death was not by shooting, the most likely culprit was Flop――the person who was travelling with him, and the person that was nearest to him.

However, at Subaru’s time of death, Flop had been within his field of vision and there was no sign that Flop had taken action to attack him.

Needless to say, Subaru knew that in this world, there was a plethora of attacks that could reap his life in a single strike without him noticing at all. Nevertheless, Flop did not seem like someone who could do that.

First of all――,

Subaru: [Does Flop-san have a reason to kill me?]

The most likely possibility was that he had faked goodwill and was trying to mug Subaru. However, Subaru thought that doing so, purposefully, in the middle of a town, was a poor decision.

They had met the O’Connell siblings for the first time at the queue outside the gate.

If they wanted to do their deed without detection, all they had to do was to deceive and invite them somewhere outside the gate. All could be done before entering Guaral, a place with guards. Even if their objective was the money they could get by selling the Witchbeast’s horn, in the end, the reason Subaru had not been cheated out when selling it was none other than Flop’s help. ――There was no reason to trap Subaru.

All they needed was to trick Subaru outside and steal the horn, and sell it once they got inside the city.

There was no logical explanation for their motive.

Quite a lot of people had killed Subaru until now, but they all possessed a rational explanation for doing so. Excluding Witchbeasts where communication was non-existent, that was a solid rule.

That was why――,

Subaru: [Flop-san? Why are you so nice to us?]

Flop: [Hm? That’s a sudden question.]

Subaru: [Yeah, sorry about that. Just, I got a bit worried.]

Flop raised his nicely-shaped eyebrows in surprise at Subaru’s abrupt question.

Faking a chuckle at this reaction, Subaru held his breath, waiting for Flop’s response. ――Logically, he did not doubt Flop. All that was left was whether he could believe him or not.

Flop, who acted cordially and had performed various deeds to help them out.

Subaru sought peace of mind, to believe that Flop and his sister Medium were not two-faced and that they could be trusted.

Flop: [――Hmm]

Subaru did not know if his eyes betrayed his true feelings, but Flop narrowed his handsome eyes as if he could see those emotions.

The expression he told Subaru to adopt before, a look overflowing with confidence and carefreeness yet devoid of any grounds for that, disappeared from his face, and was instead replaced with the face of an intellectual gentleman.

And then he shook his head at the frozen Subaru,

Flop: [It’s not a complex thing. It’s simple. What my sister and I are doing by being good to Husband-kun and Wife-san and Niece-chan is…]

Subaru: [Is?]

Flop: [――Is revenge!]

Subaru: […Eh?]

Raising his hands, Flop proclaimed that out loud.

The strong and merry tone used, and the disturbing contents of the proclamation clashed with each other so much that, for one moment, Subaru could not take it in. Shocked, his eyes went wide.

In front of the stiff Subaru, Flop brushed his fringe, and said “Listen, okay?”,

Flop: [Long ago, my sister and I were living on the edge of life and death! Thrown away by our parents, we grew up in a home that adopts orphans… That place was pretty terrible!]

Subaru: [A home for orphans…]

At the back of Subaru’s mind, an image of a home vaguely resembling an orphanage came up.

However, it was not difficult to imagine that the facilities and equipment of this world’s orphanages were much different than the modern buildings Subaru was thinking of.

That terrible environment was probably something far worse than he could imagine.

While revealing to Subaru the kind of environment he had grown up in, Flop gestured.

Flop: [Every night, huddling with the other kids in the same boat as us, I decided in my heart to escape from that situation. And then, my sister and I got the chance, and were able to escape from there. For the first time ever, living through a night without being beat up, I vowed. ――revenge, that is.]

Subaru: [Revenge as in… against the people at the home for orphans?]

Flop: [No, not them. ――At the world.]

Having the same expression as before when proclaiming revenge, Flop hardened his fists.

Towards the intimidated Subaru, Flop put his passionate face upfront and,

Flop: [My sister and I grew up being beaten by the adults at that place. But, were the adults that punched us happy while they were punching me? No, they weren’t. They were unhappy too. Unhappy adults were beating unhappy children. Is this kind of hopeless situation even real?]

Subaru: [――――]

Flop: [Even adults who choose violence are unhappy. So I became a merchant to lift me and my sister out of misfortune. And as much as I could, we would bring others out of unhappiness as well. Just like how on that night, those people brought us out of it.]

Subaru: [That’s your revenge against the world?]

Flop: [That’s right. Me and my sister are resisting against the world which pushes misfortune onto us for revenge. Helping you and Wife-san is also a part of that.]

After declaring that, Flop scratched his nose in slight embarrassment.

Receiving the fire in his words and actions, Subaru lost the ability to speak. The heat from that fire slowly seeped into his brain, and there, he came to a snap decision.

Subaru: [Thank you, Flop-san. I’m glad I met you siblings, Flop-san and Medium-san, at the queue.]

Whether he could believe them or not, he wished for a response that would point to the answer of that question.

And, the response he had received was far more than he expected. And so it was decided.

Subaru would not doubt Flop O’Connell’s goodwill.

He decided he would trust it to the end, his noble, vengeful heart which had decided to resist against the unfairness of the world.

Meaning, all that was left was to――,

Subaru: [Flop-san, this street isn’t really giving off a good Keh in the Feng Shui way. So is it alright if we could use a different path?] [1]

Flop: [Keh? What is Keh? Actually, is that the reason for the wrinkles in your brow and your eyes?]

Subaru: [It’s more like a fortune-telling item for good omens. It’s got nothing to do with my eyes! I think! But yeah, this street’s no good. I don’t mind if we go the long way, so please?]

Depending on Flop’s goodwill, Subaru forcefully advanced the conversation.

Deciding that Flop was not the culprit, the next thing to do was to avoid the incoming death. Whether it was a ranged snipe or not, it was no mistake that this was an attack.

If he were able to avoid the attack’s condition for occurrence, that would result in him being able to avoid this death.

To do that, first, it was crucial that he did not follow the same actions as he did before.

Changing paths, delaying the timings, he would avoid the disaster that would occur to him before it happened.

If he could do that, he should be able to dodge the unwanted death.

Subaru: [Well to begin with, I’ve never wanted to die in the firs… Well, only once or twice.]

And in addition to that, it was an unavoidable option due to the imminent state of affairs.

When cornered in a situation where the only way to save someone was to die, in those times Subaru had chosen death. Yes, Subaru also desired revenge on the world.

Flop: [I don’t know about that Keh thing but I like your earnest expression. It’ll be a bit of a detour, but why don’t we take a different path?]

Subaru: [That’d be a great help! Let’s go to a main street with as many people as possible.]

Flop: [Gotcha.]

Fortunately, Flop listened to Subaru’s unnatural suggestion without opposition.

Following his lead, the plan for which way to go to the bar was changed. They turned back from the path they would have continued on and took a route to the tavern that would go through the main street, with minimal alleys.

Ultimately, if they passed through the line of fire before the tavern, it was possible that it still would not change the fact someone was after Subaru. However, if he knew the attack were to happen in the alleys in front of the tavern, there would be many ways to deal with it.

In the worst case, there was also the possibility his opponent might withdraw upon witnessing Subaru’s vigilant look――.

Flop: [Well then Husband-kun, this way――]

Passing by Subaru’s side, Flop began leading him down a different road.

It was in that instant. ――By accident Flop looked over Subaru’s shoulder, and his eyes widened as if he had just noticed something.

Subaru: [――Oh]

What, he attempted to ascertain from Flop’s response, but that was not realized.

The reason being that, instead of a question coming from Subaru’s mouth, his mouth had opened fully to spit out the blood it was teeming with.

Subaru: [Ah, uh!?]

It was a feat of a single moment.

Subaru felt something seize the back of his head, forcing him to look up. Then, a hot sensation passed over his bare throat, and blood burst forth.

Drowning in the overflowing blood and pain, Subaru understood his throat had been cut open.

Subaru: [Guh…Uh]

Both hands pressed to the wound on his neck, amidst the intense pain and blood loss, Subaru sought for a breakthrough solution.

The wound was deep and wide, cutting through major blood vessels, blood gushing out. He would take off his outer garment and wrap it around his neck to halt the bleeding―― No, the first priority here had to be to get away from the enemy behind him.

Moreover, Flop was right there. He was wrong to have doubted him. Afterwards he would have faith in him, he might not be forgiven, but right here, was Flop.

Subaru: [Ah, nghh…]

Rem was at the inn. One way or another, even with blood flowing from his neck, he had to make it back to her.

Go back, take her away, it’s not safe, withdraw. Even if she hated him, drag her away. For Rem to live. She had to live. For that, the neck’s bleeding, stop it.

The blood, the blood, bloodbloodbloodbloodbloodblood, the blood, stop, stop it, stopstopstopstooooo――,

Subaru: [――uu]

op.

△▼△▼△▼△

Flop: [――Husband-kun, it’s no good to have a scowl on your face.]

Subaru: [――――]

Flop: [Good fortune won’t come to anyone who doesn’t have the time to smile. You’re going to try and find companions for your journey now, aren’t you? Then, you need to find someone good.]

In front, Flop emphasized his point while grinding his finger against his own brow.

While watching that man’s gesture, Subaru promptly put both his hands to his own neck. He did not feel that hot sensation or the heat of life flowing out. The feeling of blood gushing forth with every heartbeat.

Of his own life pouring out, the pulsation of despair approaching Death.

Flop: [If that’s the case, then erase those wrinkles on your brow… What’s the matter, Husband-kun, your face’s gone pale.]

Seeing Subaru keep silent, Flop looked surprised and became concerned.

Despite that earnest gaze of his, just before Subaru, he was reminded of the moment his throat had been slashed open.

Right, his throat had been cut.

His throat was cut, blood spurted out, his instincts sounded the alarm that he had to get away, however, even if he could not hear those alarm bells, he came back to that moment.

In other words, he had died. He had once again Returned by Death .

In addition to that, this time was different with instant death from the outset. More explicit, in the form of hostility.

Subaru: […Bwaah]

With his hands on his throat, Subaru had forgotten to breathe, which he remembered in a hurry. Subaru raised his shoulders up and down with deep breaths, Flop touched his shoulder and asked if he was alright, but Subaru had no room to respond.

However, he could not stay here either.

Subaru: [Haah, Flop-san, today, it’s, a terrible day for Feng Shui. Let’s return at once…!]

Flop: [Fuusooey? Although, considering that pallor to rest a bit would be…]

Subaru: [No, resting would be a waste of time! This is a fit that won’t stop until Rem holds my hand!]

Flop: [I-is that right… What an affliction that is!]

With a sense of uneasiness and urgency burning in his heart, he had blurted out nonsense, but the good-natured Flop gave more importance to the atmosphere than the content of words.

The hand that had grasped his shoulder was grabbed in turn, and Flop nodded in surprise.　Pulling on that hand of Flop’s, Subaru hesitated as to whether to head forward or back.

If they went forward they would be on route, but if they went back they would go by where he had had his throat slit.

He felt he was at an impasse where whichever way they went his life would be in danger, so rather than forward or backward, he would return to the main street via some other alleyway.

He had failed before, but his opponent would try not to kill them――No, kill Subaru, somewhere in the public eye. If he was going to alert his opponent, getting to the main road was imperative.

Flop: [Husband-kun! Your hand is super cold! We should get Wife-san to warm them up soon!]

Subaru: [Ahh, as soon as possible, I want to see Rem’s face.]

As a result, he did not care about the abuse he would face for returning without accomplishing his goal.

At any rate, to that place with Rem――,

Subaru: [――No.]

Can I go back? The question swirled in Subaru’s mind.

In a situation where he had not yet grasped his enemy’s true nature, he thought about the danger of going back to Rem. He was unaware of when his opponent had begun targeting him, but if they returned to the inn, he may be kindly revealing the location to his foe.

Subaru: [――――]

Cursing his lack of thought, Subaru bit his lip and at the same time, his field of vision opened.

Exiting the alleyway, Subaru and Flop had made it to the main streets of the city. On the right and the left, the number of people coming and going could not be compared to a metropolis, but it was a hell of a lot better than the alleyways with their hideout-like taverns.

Nonetheless, it would take some nerve to dive into the crowd of people. To avoid that, he would have to decide on a guideline for their next course of action.

Flop: [If we’re on this street here, that means the inn should be over there. So then, this way…]

Subaru: [That’s no good, Flop-san! We can’t go back to the inn. To see Rem, such a thing would be inexcusable!]

Flop: [Isn’t that different from what you just said?!]

His conduct ended up being that of an emotionally unstable person, but his anxiety from before made it so he was incapable of returning to Rem’s side. That being said, it was also ungrateful to keep manipulating Flop without giving him any information.

But, what could he say to make him understand?

He was not an associate of the Emilia Camp, nor a long-time traveling companion like Anastasia or Julius. He had no powers of persuasion or grounds to make him take Subaru’s opinion seriously.

Even for this, it would be asking too much to pin his hopes on Flop’s innate goodness.

Subaru: [Damnit…!]

To break the deadlock of the situation, currently Subaru’s hand was sorely lacking.

He was separated from his precious Rem, and was being hunted down in a strange town. He was with the virtuous Flop, but he lacked fighting strength. Subaru himself had no strong point to show.

Without knowing who was attacking him, he did not know who to be wary of.

Subaru: [No way, the hunter…!?]

When he defined his opponent as an invisible assassin, the first possibility that came to Subaru’s mind was the Hunter.

They were a dangerous person who had killed Subaru once in the Buddheim Jungle, and after that as well, they had aimed at him while he was with Rem on one occasion. Ultimately, he had not run into them even once since then, but what if they were still meticulously continuing to hunt Subaru?

In the Buddheim Jungle, the military encampment, and the Shudraqian village, there had always been someone acting with Subaru. To avoid a set up with combat-ready opponents, they may have changed their timing until Subaru was with the powerless Flop.

Subaru: [If that’s how it is, it’s like you have the tenacity of a bear robbed of its prey. Why go this far to aim at me? What about me is the reason for…]

Flop: [Husband-kun? You alright? What are you so worried about? If there’s something I can help you with, you can try talking to me first. You’re acting strange.]

Subaru: [Flop-san…]

While Subaru was looking left and right down the street and losing his nerve, Flop called out to him in that voice.

Directly across from him Flop seized both his shoulders, his earnest gaze and offer made Subaru want to depend on him, and Subaru seriously considered if he should try gambling on his innate goodness.

If it was Flop, he might have the faith to believe in Subaru and lend him a hand.

Subaru: [Flop-san, sorry to keep relying on you, but can I ask you something?]

Flop: [Ah, of course, certainly! Whatever it is, even if I can’t help, my sister might be able to. After all, my sister and I have the kind of bond where we can cover for each other’s weak points, you know.]

Subaru: [In truth, between the two of you this might be a matter for Medium-san though…]

If his opponent violently struck without mercy, there may be no choice but to respond with greater force. Medium’s strength was much greater than Subaru’s or Flop’s.

With that in mind, Subaru would try to explain the situation to Flop. Firstly, he would have to hide the matter of Return by Death , and explain that someone was relentlessly targeting him.

Subaru: [Actually, someone is presently…]

Flop: [――What the?]

Subaru: [Huh?]

His mind made up, while being careful not to trigger the penalty of mentioning Return by Death, Subaru was going to try to explain the circumstances to Flop.

However, just as he was about to speak, Flop’s gaze turned toward the wrong direction. He raised his well-shaped brows and squinted in the direction of the street.

By his reaction he seemed to have noticed something, and Subaru belatedly became aware of the same thing.

Subaru: [――Hk]

A long way off, someone was screaming.

And it was not just one person, several people shouted in shrieks and angry roars. Then the voices gradually increased in urgency, and sounds that differed from screams multiplied――,

Flop: [Wha――!?]

Eyes wide, Flop’s throat closed, and Subaru also turned in the same direction.

Immediately, witnessing what Flop had, the same scene before his eyes also left Subaru at a loss for words.

――A giant wheel was headed right for Flop and Subaru.

Flop: [Husband-kun, watch ou――]

Flop’s voice was cut off too early, the impact engulfed Subaru’s entire body with its intensity. His body was totally blown away, it hit the hard ground and tumbled many times.

The momentum did not stop, and he crashed into a wall. But that was not the end. ――Back-to-back, another successive impact hit the collapsed Subaru, and once more his body was blown away.

Subaru: [――a, guh]

Having been sent somersaulting and tumbling, Subaru’s field of vision was dyed black as his body hit the ground.

It was not as if the sky had suddenly been covered in clouds. It was something else, his field of view had been destroyed for a different reason. The cause he did not know, and even if he found out what it was, nothing good would come out of it.

However, if there was something he could say――

Subaru: [D-dea…]

Death, that was something every cell in his whole body had been proclaiming towards Subaru’s instinct.

Up until this point, as someone who had experienced Death over thirty times, Subaru was somewhat conscious of just how much damage his body was able to withstand before he lost his life.

This time, it was clearly over the limit it could endure.

Subaru: [――――]

A festering pain.

Yet, that was something on a whole other level compared to merely localized pain. This aching assaulted his entire body. The existence named Subaru was synchronized with the phenomenon called pain.

This was not mere localized pain. Natsuki Subaru was precisely Pain itself. Pain was what he was, and therefore it was only natural to be in pain. Anywhere and everywhere hurt. The pain did not disappear.

From a distance rang a sound like that of tinnitus or similar to the whistle of a train, reverberating inside his head.

Amidst that, the sounds which can be heard were, the joys and sorrows of the people hurled into a maelstrom――nay, there wasn’t any joy. It was more fitting to call it a pandemonium. Pandemonium, hah. What a word.

Contrary to the echo of sounds, the events that unfolded were overwhelmingly grave.

Subaru: [Ahii, ouh, ah….]

He could not produce any syllables.

The mouth that attempted to enunciate words was in tatters. Without any teeth remaining, it had decent ventilation. Somewhere had been ripped apart and air was leaking through it. There was blood, sound, and pain.

Something, something, something――

Subaru: [Oh, ah]

Something had killed Natsuki Subaru again.

△▼△▼△▼△

Flop: [――Husband-kun, it’s no good to have a scowl on your face.]

Subaru: [――――]

Flop: [Good fortune won’t come to anyone who doesn’t have the time to smile. You’re going to try and find companions for your journey now, aren’t you? Then, you need to find someone good.]

Putting his finger in between his eyebrows, Flop rubbed the skin and flesh to relax them.

Watching the man’s performance unfold in front of his eyes, Subaru hugged his own two shoulders. Then, he recalled his mouth which air no longer escaped from, as well as the pain that had vanished.

――It can’t be, I died again.

Subaru: [Moreover… this time, it was… a dragon carriage, was it….?]

Pulverized by the impact, sent flying and rendered immobile, the candle of life thinned and vanished.

While dominated by the pain proclaimed by every inch of his body, Subaru had been killed. He had lost his life.

Subaru: [――――]

Clattering, the shoulders in his own grip trembled, and his knees began to shudder.

Even if his body did not recall the disaster that had befallen it, his soul remembered. The impact and pain inflicted upon his whole body as if tearing it to pieces, even if it no longer remained, still gnawed at his soul.

At last, Subaru could not conceal his fear towards the looming evil that befell upon him.

First time was instant-death, the second was being beheaded, the third was being run over by a dragon carriage――it could no longer be just a mere coincidence. No doubt, the aim was to kill Natsuki Subaru.

It had killed Subaru mercilessly. The most frightening thing of it all was that, despite Return by Death having been triggered thrice, Subaru had obtained no further information other than the fact an enemy existed.

The opponent would not leave behind any information for the lifeless Subaru.

Flop: [If that’s the case, then erase those wrinkles on your brow… What’s wrong, Husband-kun? You don’t look so well.]

Subaru: [Flop, -san…]

Once again, Flop had shown concern towards Subaru, the latter’s facial expression having changed.

Earlier, the chaos on the main street was most likely the result of the dragon carriage going berserk. Then, in the instant before the collision, Flop had extended his hand in an attempt to save Subaru.

Not making it on time, Subaru had received the deadly impact head on, and it was unthinkable that Flop, nearby as he was, would have gotten off scratch free. ――he would have been dragged into the collateral damages as well.

Subaru: [In the first place, up until now…]

The enemy would not necessarily retreat in content after killing Subaru.

Flop had been there at the scene, and had witnessed the occurrences on both the first and second time. If the opponent was someone of caution, it would be natural for them to seal Flop’s mouth, as he was a witness.

Would it not mean that, up until now, Subaru’s death would be accompanied by Flop’s murder?

Would it not mean that Flop had already been dragged into the situation Subaru was put in?

“I won’t allow that”, thought Subaru as he gritted the back of his teeth.

Subaru: [――Kh! Flop-san!]

Flop: [W-what!?]

Killing any cowardice by gritting the back of his teeth, Subaru faced forward courageously.

Next, with that enthusiasm Subaru grabbed Flop by the hand, catching him by surprise. However, he did not have the leisure to take Flop’s bewilderment into account.

Considering what had happened so far, the countdown to death had already begun.

A situation of dead-end times three, where moving forward meant hell, heading back meant hell, going around still meant hell.

Even then, he must search for the path towards survival. ――not just Subaru and Rem, but also the kind older brother who had helped them and return him to his sister’s side.

That was why――

Subaru: [Flop-san, let’s run!]

Flop: [That’s sudden!? What happened!?]

Subaru: [There’s no hows or whats, life is finite! We can’t waste even a second, right?!]

It would be a bad move to stop here and earnestly try to persuade the other.

Subaru made such a judgement, same as previous times, he would use forceful reasoning to destroy Flop’s resistance. Sure enough, swallowed up by the momentum, Flop just nodded in agreement and voiced, “That’s true!”.

Flop: [Life is short. For the sake of achieving my sister and I’s goal, although time should indeed be treasured…]

Subaru: [Let’s run! Run towards the bar immediately! The trivial matters can be discussed later!]

Flop: [U-understood! I understand already, so stop dragging me! My bangs will get messed up!]

Forcefully dragged away by his arm, Flop cried out as he stumbled over his feet.

Listening to Flop’s shriek-like voice, Subaru advanced toward the road he once took――with the same goal of getting a bodyguard, he hurried toward the bar.

However, the goal was not to get a bodyguard for the sake of their travels.

For the salvation from this series of unavoidable Deaths, for the sake of obtaining the necessary help as soon as possible, they ran.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――You want to hire the strongest one here?]

The barkeep they finally found raised his eyebrows in response to Subaru’s ragged breath inquiry.

The middle-aged barkeep, whose hair had started to gray, stared at the panting Subaru from top to bottom with somewhat skeptical eyes.

With his demeanor and his age, Subaru too realized that he was lacking in persuasiveness. Moreover he had barged into the bar, and suddenly brought up a question like that.

You could even say he had been generous enough to not immediately jump to the conclusion that Subaru was messing with him.

Currently, Subaru and Flop are inside the bar which was their original destination.

At first Subaru had been killed instantly by some unknown method in the alleyway within the immediate vicinity of the bar. That in of itself had been unsettling, but perhaps because rushing things turned out to be effective, the clutches of the devil that would have stopped Subaru and Flop who instead hurriedly hastened toward the bar had not made their appearance.

However, it would be premature to assume that they had escaped from danger on the basis of that argument.

Subaru: [That’s why, I have to borrow the strength of the strongest one here.]

Barkeeper: […If we’re talking about the strongest one here, that’d probably be Rowan.]

The barkeep shrugged his shoulders at Subaru, who had asked again while gathering his breath. Then, he proceeded to look at the other person besides Subaru, Flop, who was also out of breath.

Barkeeper: [Flop, here I thought you haven’t shown your face around in a while, and here you are helping someone again huh. Even though you won’t get a single penny out of it anyways]

Flop: [Hey now, I’m just doing whatever kind of deals I want to partake in. Those whom I partake in deals with aren’t limited to just people. At times, I take on unfavorable deals against the world itself.]

Barkeeper: [I’m saying there’s no profit in doing that, you softy.]

Perhaps because the barkeeper had been on quite familiar terms with him, he commented on Flop’s actions with a speechless tone.

Despite hearing directly from Flop why he had helped Subaru’s group, it seemed his kind nature was a well-known fact to someone who knew him beforehand.

While the barkeeper polished a glass cup, he shot a sharp glance towards Subaru,

Barkeeper: [He’s a real softy like you’ve heard. But, don’t you get the wrong idea here. This dumbass and his sister are softies that will help anyone regardless of who they might be, in turn, there are a lot of people that are indebted to them.]

Subaru: […I don’t have any intention of being an ungrateful bastard either, I’ll pamper him back just as much as I have been pampered.]

Flop: [Hahaha, I shall look forward to that! The day I’m going to be pampered that is!]

While fixing his bangs with a comb he took out of his pocket, Flop returned a candid response.

Feeling saved by Flop’s kindness and magnanimity, Subaru turned towards the inside of the bar, and asked “Which one is Rowan?”.

Barkeeper: [Ahh, Rowan’s passed out over there at the uh, corner over there.]

Subaru: [Passed out at a corner…? That doesn’t sound like good news.]

While saying so, Subaru looked nervously at the direction the barkeeper pointed at. Upon which, within the dim bar, and amongst several men that chattered drunkenly, he found a man who was slumped over at a table in the corner.

It was a man in his fifties, his long and disheveled hair tied up sloppily, along with his weapon of choice――a katana sheathed by the waist.

The table he had slumped over on was lined with several empty glasses; one can tell he really knocked himself out in every sense of the word before the sun had even set.

Subaru: […That’s the strongest, you say?]

Barkeeper: [There’s no doubt he’s got a terrible drinking habit but, he’s a master of his trade. Though he’s got a terrible drinking habit.]

Subaru: [You mentioning that about him twice only makes me even more worried.]

Subaru received the barkeeper’s warning about him having a bad drinking habit, two times consecutively.

Though he had been considered as quite the drunkard, beggars couldn’t be choosers. Right now, what was most important was not his personal conduct or the toughness of his liver, but his prowess in combat.

That of the person who possessed the ability to save the desperate Subaru from his impending doom.

Subaru: [Hey, Rowan-san, could you hear me out for a bit?]

Rowen: [Ngah?]

Subaru steeled his resolve and headed towards the table Rowan passed out on along with Flop. As he spoke to the collapsed man while shaking him by his shoulders, Rowan responded in a stupefied voice and raised his head.

Face flushed completely red paired with a sleepy gaze, as well as facial features that would have been rather discernable if it weren’t ruined by a reddened nose.

Rowan: [What’s up, buddy. Whaddya want from me…?]

Subaru: [This dude’s wasted… Anyways, listen to me. I have a job for…You reek!!]

Rowan: [Oioi, ain’t ya a rude one…]

After getting up wobbly, Rowan exhaled a drawn-out breath which Subaru had to turn his face away from.

As the dreadful stench of alcohol wafted, it even created an illusion that his vision had somehow been warped. It was not something as simple as drinking during the day. There should be a limit to how heavy of an alcoholic a person was.

Subaru: [Come to think of it, because there isn’t anyone I already know to be a heavy drinker, this is my first time dealing with this type… Roswaal and Otto too would only drink in moderation…]

The people in the Emilia camp who habitually drank alcohol were Roswaal and Otto. Ram and Frederica would drink too, but only if invited. Besides them, nobody else drank.

Subaru was also apparently of drinking age in this other world, but he had more or less gone until now without feeling the need to drink.

Subaru: [So honestly, I don’t really have a good impression of drunks but… Hey, this guy’s really the best one here right!? I’m not playing around here.]

Barkeeper: [What a coincidence. I don’t have this place open to play around either. There’s no mistake, it’s him.]

Subaru: [Shit, you’re serious…]

Receiving the barkeeper’s reassurance, Subaru turned back to Rowan with a bitter look.

Rowan was sitting sloppily in his chair and shaking an empty glass upside-down above his head, desperately trying to taste any droplets of alcohol left with his tongue.

Rowan: [Tsk, ain’t enough booze. Oi, ya buddy boys, treat me to a drink why don’tcha.]

Flop: [Hm, you want a drink? Okay. Barkeep, A drink for him…]

Subaru: [Wait a sec, wait a sec, Flop-san! I really shouldn’t be saying this since I’ve been saved by your kindness but just for a little bit, keep your good will in your wallet!]

Shutting down Flop, who was about to treat someone just because they requested it, Subaru positioned himself in front of a displeased-looking Rowan. Then, he placed his hands on the table with force,

Subaru: [Rowan-san, let’s get straight to the point. We won’t be treating you to a drink. But, I can pay you the money you need to buy drinks. I want you to take a job.]

Rowan: [Aahn, a job…?]

Subaru: [That’s right. I’d like you to be an escort. And also, starting right this very second.]

Getting close to the stink of alcohol, Subaru boldly laid out those conditions.

Hearing his talk, Rowan stared back at Subaru with sleepy eyes.

Rowan: […Yer tone’s pretty panicked. Ya buddy boys are in quite a dangerous situation, aren’tcha?]

Subaru: [Yeah, it’s no laughing matter. What do you think? The amount I can pay, this is my limit.]

Flop: [Husband-kun, that’s…]

Widening his eyes in surprise, Flop attempted to stop Subaru’s action. However, Subaru halted Flop, who was trying to restrain him, instead and assertively put on the table a bag――the bag which contained all of the money he got after selling the Witchbeast’s horn.

As a precaution, he had not split and pass some amount to Rem.

This was genuinely everything Subaru’s group had on hand. There was no more money that he could pay beyond this.

Rowan: [Woah woah, this is…]

Subaru: [This is everything I can pay with. What do you think? Will you take it?]

Rowan: [――――]

Opening the mouth of the bag, Rowan went silent as he confirmed the contents with a quick glance. His face was still red but the drunken look in his eyes from before was now gone, a look of serious scrutiny replacing it.

Of course, an escort that could be hired at a bar――to show someone like Rowan, who worked as a knock-off mercenary, all of the funds that Subaru walked around with was a fairly large gamble.

Having crossed national borders, Subaru was not well-informed on the value of goods in the Empire. However, he felt that the value of currency was not so different from the Kingdom of Lugunica.

With the money Subaru had offered up, one could easily live a year just monkeying around.

Rowan: [My skills are first rate… I thought of saying that but, this amount upfront…] [2]

Subaru: [I’ll say this now, but I can’t negotiate any increase in payment.]

Rowan: [I ain’t doubting ya. You’ve said y’ain’t playing around, it seems you’re serious about it.]

Scratching his scarlet-turned nose with his finger, Rowan slowly stood up on the spot. He picked up the money bag Subaru had handed out and carefully kept it in his pocket.

Rowan: [I ain’t giving this back even if ya tell me to give it back.]

Subaru: [It’s a shame, but I won’t tell you to return it. If you do your job right.]

Rowan: [Puhah]

A breath reeking of alcohol being let out by his laugh, Rowan accepted Subaru’s job.

Hearing his answer, the tension in Subaru’s shoulders, present for all this time, faded away. His nervousness would not go away and uncertainty endlessly circled his insides but――,

Flop: [Husband-kun, was that alright? That money was…]

Subaru: [It’s fine. It’s nothing if it means we’re safe now. I’m sorry for scaring Flop like that, and also thank you for introducing me to this place.]

Flop: [――. If you say it’s okay then I’m okay too. Thankfully, we paid for the inn in advance!]

In terms of the accommodation bill, Subaru had already paid for it, including Flop and Medium’s part, who they shared rooms with, under Subaru’s group’s name.

It seemed like he avoided the dishonour of passing the bill off to them by not thinking ahead when hiring Rowan.

Rowan: [So, employer. How shall I address ya?.]

Subaru: [Oh, right. My bad. I was in a rush. My name is――]

Rowan: [――Wait.]

Asked about his name, Subaru panicked as he thought he disrespected Rowan. And as he was about to name himself, Rowan stopped him.

He thrusted his hand in front of Subaru’s face and directed his sharp gaze behind Subaru――towards the bar’s windows.

Subaru: [Ro…wan?]

Rowan: [… It’s a weird feeling. Say buddy, ya were tailed weren’t ya?]

Subaru: [――Uh]

Rowan’s low and quiet voice made Subaru swallow his breath.

Beside him, Flop, confused, said “What does that mean?”, but Subaru had a general idea on the presence Rowan had detected.

It was not a what-if scenario, it was definite. The weird feeling Rowan had gotten was the being that tailed Subaru; the enemy that had attacked Subaru in the alleyway.

The enemy who had killed Subaru three times had not given up on Subaru this time as well.

Flop: [Just who are you being chased by?]

Subaru: [… I’m not kidding when I say this, I don’t know. I just thought that if we stayed outside, they would come after us. That’s why I hired you.]

Rowan: [I see. They shoulda picked a better fight.]

It was a situation where they had nothing to work with, yet Rowan said that in a joking manner.

However, even if Rowan’s tone had a hint of nervousness and seriousness, there was no worry in his voice. That probably meant he had reasonable confidence in his skill.

In reality, the drunkenness had disappeared from Rowan’s eyes and the atmosphere he gave off was now that of a strong individual.

Rowan: [――――]

Rowan’s specialised weapon was a singular katana sheathed on the left side of his waist.

It was late saying this now, but to see a katana as a sword-of-choice was rare in this other world. Rowan’s weapon was a distinct irregularity against the western-style swords that were the norm.

Looking closely, together with the atmosphere emanating from his disheveled hair, Rowan’s appearance somewhat resembled that of a samurai. However, he lacked a certain intensity, so maybe a ronin was a better description for him. [3]

Subaru: [Rowan-san, they are…]

Rowan: [There’s no need to be a scaredy-cat. No matter who they are, if they’re gonna stand in front of me, all that is needed is to cut them in two. There’s alcohol in my belly and my sword’s in top shape.]

Subaru: [So this isn’t drunken fist but drunken sword? Can’t say I’ve heard of that.]

Nevertheless, it did not sound like a lie and Subaru put his faith in Rowan’s self-confidence.

Moving around to the opposite side of where Rowan was glaring at the window, Subaru pulled on the sleeve of the Flop, who had still not fully taken in the situation.

Subaru: [Flop-san, let’s have Rowan-san handle this.]

Flop: [Handling things and whatnot, I still don’t quite understand the situation! What are Husband-kun and Bodyguard-kun fighting with exactly?]

Subaru: [That’s something I still――]

“don’t know yet.” Faster than Subaru could reply with a statement which would only arouse Flop’s worry, the situation changed.

However, the situation did not develop in a manner in which the enemy had charged in from the front and Rowan had burst out for a counter attack.

???: [ Bweh …]

Spilling those cries of pain, a man with a large build fell at the entrance of the bar.

With that sudden occurrence, Subaru literally jumped up in surprise. However, the other customers in the bar who saw the man had a shallow reaction, as if they were used to the sight.

The drunken customers besides Rowan――They probably worked doing mercenary-like activities as well. Those people simply stared at the fallen man with little reaction.

The only people who rushed to the fallen man’s side were Flop and the barkeeper.

Only, the one who was actually worried about the man was Flop, and it was obvious on the face of the barkeeper that he just did not want his floor to be dirtied.

Flop: [Hey, you! Are you alright? Get a hold of yourself!]

Large Man: [ Fu, fuga, fuga …]

Flop: [Fugafuga!? Is that your name? Get a hold of yourself Fugafuga-kun!]

Subaru: [Er, no, Flop-san, that person’s…]

Flop tried to get the fallen man up but the man responded with a groan. It was not like the man was courteously introducing himself to a person he met for the first time.

Adding on to that, a man entering this bar in this situation meant that――,

Large Man: [ Fuga …]

Subaru: [――m! Flop-san! Get away!]

Flop was leaning down, endeavoring to get the face-down man up by pulling on his arm.

Having gotten a terrible feeling, Subaru immediately pulled Flop back down onto the ground and got him away from the man.

――On the very next moment.

Large Man: [――!!!]

The body of the man who was groaning and saying “Fugafuga” expanded, and for a brief flash, shone bright scarlet.

Then, the expanded body of the man ruptured and a great explosion threw the inside of the bar into chaos.

Customers: [ Guaaaaah!? ]

Screams echoed inside the bar and red flecks of light scattered around the area. Right after, they became flames that burned and spread. Subaru came to the realisation that the man who had blown up had been used as a human bomb.

Subaru: [Flop-san!]

Flop: [I-I’m fine Husband-kun! But, this is…]

Subaru and Flop, who had been juggled around by the blast wave, stared in shock at the state of pandemonium inside the bar.

The reason the man’s body had exploded was most likely because he had been forced to hold onto Fire Magic Stones. ――Looking at his anguished face, the Fire Magic Stones may have been inside his body.

Those detonated, and fire scattered about. Additionally, that was not all――,

Customer: [ Cough! Wha, What the hell!? My eyes, my eyeeeeessss!]

Inside the overflowing inferno, one of the drunken customers who had gotten caught up in the mess covered his face and screamed out. Looking around, that man was not the only one who was screaming, the other men were doing the same too.

Having been blown away, the men who were engulfed in the lingering smoke from the explosion at the centre of the bar covered their eyes and nose, shouting in great pain.

And then――,

???: [It’s no good if we stay in the bar! Everyone, hurry up and get out!]

Subaru: [Wai――]

A man shouted while tears poured down his face, and several men, with their faces covered, rushed for the entrance all at once. Looking at the men jostling against each other, Subaru tried to raise his voice in an effort to tell them to stop.

The man who had exploded, and the smoke accompanied with pain after that. Subaru felt like both of those had contributed to the disorder within the bar, and were attempting to guide people into escaping outside.

However, even if Subaru were to raise his voice out of desperation, it would not halt the footsteps of those men driven by pain.

As a result――,

Subaru: [――hk!?]

A second explosion occurred, blowing away the men flooding the entrance altogether.

The second one was larger than the first, and the men caught in its radius were unable to even protect each other as they were charred black, scorched from the front by the bursting flames.

The explosive heat and the blast wave surged towards them, and Subaru was petrified by the gruesome scene.

Nightmarish sights taking place one after another ― it all seemed unreal.

Subaru: [Th…is…]

Rowan: [Get a hold of yourself, client! It’s gonna be troublesome for me if ya collapse right here!]

Subaru: [――ah,]

Whilst Subaru remained petrified and dumbfounded, he was seized by the back of his collar and was forcefully dragged to his feet. The person responsible for it was Rowan, who had his face covered with the sleeve of his clothes.

He gestured for Subaru to keep a low posture, ensuring he would not inhale the same smoke that had tormented the other men, and,

Rowan: [Barkeep! We’ll head out from the back! The front side’s under watch!]

Barkeeper: [G-got it! It’s this way…!]

Listening to Rowan’s instructions, the manager nodded obediently as blood flowed down his forehead.

Like that, Rowan made a sign with his hand behind the bartender, who was moving as if he were crawling across the floor, and slapped Subaru’s back, shouting, “Go!”

Rowan: [Client, and the young man over there! Get moving right now if ya don’t wanna die!]

Flop: [O-of course, I can’t afford to die! Both my little sister and I are still in the middle of our journey…!]

Subaru: [Fuck…!]

Receiving Rowan’s encouragement, Subaru and Flop pursued the manager ahead of them. While chasing after him, Subaru’s mind was filled with confusion and rage directed at both himself and the enemy.

Of course, there was anger towards the enemy who had committed such atrocious deeds. However, he was also angry with himself, as he had failed to recognize the threat level of the enemy, even though he had known the enemy was present.

To begin with, the enemy had done something to cause a dragon carriage to go out of control in the main street.

A considerable number of people must have been caught up in that. If that was so, Subaru should have been more earnest with his thoughts. He should have acknowledged the fellow as someone who did not pay any heed to the damage to their surroundings.

Because of that, the men, who had only been at the bar, had gotten entangled in――,

Barkeeper: [――! The backdoor won’t open!]

Having arrived first at the backdoor, the manager cried out in front of the self-reproaching Subaru.

He was desperately trying to open the door, but it would not answer his panicked calls. Perhaps the damage from the explosion had bent the door out of shape, or――,

Flop: [This is bad! The front entrance is already demolished! If this goes on…]

Rowan: [Argh, outta the way! A door like this is――]

In the bar, the vermillion flames were growing intense, and in a situation in which the black smoke was about to swallow them, Rowan had leapt out, almost as if he were thrashing out Flop’s shout. And then, upon placing a hand on the katana by his waist, he drew and slashed it at the unopening door with great force, with nary a single flash of his blade――,

Subaru: [――oh,]

The silver gleam shot forward, cutting away the closed door with a slash.

It was a sword skill similar to Iai, one which Subaru knew. Despite performing a slash that caused Subaru to be mesmerized involuntarily, Rowan did not show his pride for it, and kicked down the remainder of the door. [4]

Rowan: [Aight! It opened! Everyone, keep low!]

Freeing the backdoor that had previously been sealed, Rowan called out to Subaru and the others behind himself.

An enormous amount of confusion was spreading far and wide, but it looked like they would be able to get away from the inescapable situation that was the bar in flames, at least.

Subaru had also understood that Rowan’s judgement in battle, as well as his skills, were trustworthy. All they needed to do was to distance themselves from this place, and for their evil opponent――,

Subaru: [――――]

Suddenly, Subaru held his breath.

Something was nagging at the back of his mind. ――He attempted to predict the thoughts of his scrupulous, ruthless enemy.

They had thrown a man-turned-human-bomb into the bar, lured out the people inside using smoke containing stimulants, and blew them away at once with the Mana Stones they had set up at the entrance.

And then, they had obstructed the entrance, and utilized some method to seal off the backdoor as well. Subaru and his group had broken through that blockade, and were able to escape through the backdoor, but――,

Subaru: [Rowan-sa――]

Something is wrong , Subaru attempted to put his minuscule feeling of discomfort into words.

If his opponent were a thorough one, then it would be impossible to think they would let up their offensive. In order to convey that eeriness, Subaru called for Rowan. There was no reply.

Rowan: [――――]

Leaning forward from the backdoor, Rowan’s body teetered backwards, then fell.

Subaru, Flop, and the barkeeper stared at the fallen Rowan, shocked. His head, specifically the area starting from his forehead and above, had been destroyed, and his eyes were hanging out, having been extruded.

No matter who looked at it, Rowan had died, his head pulverized.

Barkeeper: [Ah,]

Gazing at Rowan’s appalling state of death, the bartender widened his eyes, attempting to scream.

However, he could not even do that. A single blow was swung with the other side of the flames, piercing through the chest of the manager who had taken a deep breath, viciously tearing apart the upper half of his body. Scattering the bones and organs from inside his body, the barkeeper rolled straight into the fire.

The scent of burning flesh immediately reached Subaru’s nose, but the barkeeper did not scream. He had been killed instantly.

???: [――――]

Beyond the flames and the smoke that filled the area, something gradually made its appearance.

Stepping over the slashed, torn down door, the silhouette of a man with damp cloth wrapped around his face had appeared.

He had a firm grip on the long-handled axe in his hands, and Subaru understood that it was the weapon that had crushed Rowan’s head and given the bartender an instant death. However, his understanding ended there.

Flop: [Wh-who in the world, are you? Why are you doing this?]

Having watched the deaths of Rowan and the barkeeper just like Subaru, who was unable to move out of dismay, Flop spoke with a trembling voice beside him. Although he was swamped by fear, he was glaring at the silhouette among the flames with a solemn gaze.

As if he were directing his animosity towards the villainous man, who had massacred the people in the bar one after another with such viciousness.

However――,

Flop: [Don’t think you can get away with thi――]

???: [――――]

Flop, while attempting to condemn the man’s wrongdoings with a firm attitude, received a direct strike to his head from the man’s axe.

The man would not do anything meaningless, such as bashing him with the back of his axe without aligning the edge of the blade. He adjusted the angle of the blade, slamming it into Flop’s forehead where his long bangs were draped over, and spilled the contents outside.

Brain matter flew about, and Flop died as the crimson hue of his blood blended together with the red flames.

His body crumpled into a heap while making a loud splash. Blood slowly flowed out, staining Subaru’s bottom as he sank down onto the floor. ――No, Subaru’s pants were already soiled by something vastly different. Out of fear, he had been unable to control his bladder.

Subaru was frightened by the terrifying appearance of the man that held a bloodstained axe amidst the inferno.

His soul quivered at his vindictiveness, his persistence, his dreadfulness.

Subaru: [W…why…]

It was an awfully foolish question.

Flop had been killed unsparingly after asking a similar question. Of course, there was no reason for the man to be merciful only towards Subaru. He would likewise perish. He would be killed.

Subaru did not possess the strength to draw back, nor the courage to crawl away. Right now, he was unable to take his eyes off the man.

Even if gazing at the man filled his being with terror, he could not look away because that was equally as horrifying.

Subaru: [Why… Why!]

Just like an idiot who only ever repeated what he knew, Subaru yelled out with desperation.

The man did not respond despite hearing him shout. He slowly lifted up his axe, his face remaining hidden, and positioned it straight above the sitting Subaru’s head.

And then――,

Subaru: [ WHY!? ]

???: [――I won’t tell you anything. Won’t it be troublesome if you run away again?]

As Subaru shouted out with a bleeding heart, the man at last gave a reply.

Listening to the man’s tone and voice, which sounded as if he was only stating the obvious, Subaru’s breath caught in his throat.

He attempted to match the voice with a voice he had heard somewhere, and,

Subaru: [Bh,]

The axe swung down faster than he could do so, splitting his skull in a single blow.

There was a small, hard sound.

There was.

Translation notes

[1] – 卦 (read Keh like the start of Ketchup) is an ancient Chinese hexagram used for divination. So Subaru is saying the street is not giving off good omens/fortune after using Keh.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hexagram_(I_Ching)

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_Ching

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feng_shui

[2] – Rowan refers to himself using 某 (read Soregashi/Nanigashi), which is an archaic pronoun samurais used to refer to themselves. It’s difficult to preserve that in English because of the lack of variety in pronouns in English compared to Japanese so hopefully this explanation will do.

Eg. 「 某 の腕は高い」 –>  “ My skills are first rate”

[3] – Ronin means wanderer or Samurai without a master https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rōnin

[4] – Iai (or Iaijutsu) is a Japanese sword technique. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iaijutsu

--- Chapter 18: Battle in the Fortress City of Guaral ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――If he closed his eyes, Subaru could recall the scene in his mind.

The middle of the dense jungle where an abundance of trees grew thickly, the muddy soil, and the atmosphere of the imposing men.

The Witchbeast’s roar that reverberated across as if to split that atmosphere apart. The fighting spirit that would rise and excite alongside the start of battle. And, the intense malice that would be directed towards Natsuki Subaru due to his involvement in inviting the Witchbeast――.

That was an action Subaru himself had acknowledged and consciously decided to carry out, and had put it into practice.

He had acted after placing a scale within himself, comparing what was important to him and what was not.

It was an action done with the full determination and intention to cause harm.

What would happen to people inexperienced with fighting Witchbeasts if they actually fought one? He did not know.

They could have subdued it instantly. There was also the possibility that they could have become seriously wounded.

He did not want to think about it much, but instead of ending there, there could have been those who lost their lives.

――No, he should assume there were.

After justifying his own deed, he should at least acknowledge that fact. After all, he was the one who had decided and acted on such an action.

Natsuki Subaru chose the side of the scale he desired, and put a plan into practice, where others may die.

These other people were not Witch Cultists or Sin Archbishops, nor were they wicked people who would cause harm to others for bad intentions.

He had attacked individuals who chose to take up arms just to make ends meet. They were merely following orders from their superiors. These were people who, under the right circumstances, he could have formed positive relations with.

Therefore, this occurrence was justified, inevitable and natural.

The consequences of Natsuki Subaru’s actions must be paid for by Natsuki Subaru.

△▼△▼△▼△

Flop: [――Husband-kun, it’s no good to have a scowl on your face.]

Subaru: [――――]

Flop: [Good fortune won’t come to anyone who doesn’t have the time to smi―― H-Husband-kun!?]

The instant after the bladed edge of the axe sunk into his skull, Subaru’s field of vision became clear with a ring of a hard sound.

What jumped out in his unclouded vision was the figure of Flop, prodding his brow with his finger.

The pretty boy with his long bangs and slender face. Recalling the event that had come to pass a few dozen seconds ago, his head being split open; Subaru quickly covered his mouth and fell to his knees.

The rising need to vomit. The link between all the malicious acts that had occurred to him――His heart beat like it was about to explode, his organs felt like they were being strangled. That, and the deafening ringing in his ears, tormented Subaru.

The voice of Flop worrying for Subaru sounded far off. No sound properly registered in his brain.

Subaru: [――Todd.]

Listening to the intense ringing in his ears and the screaming of his organs, Subaru’s lips produced a short sound.

That sound was the name of someone he became acquainted with in the Vollachian Empire. He was someone towards whom Natsuki Subaru had for the first time acted with purely antagonistic intent and――,

And he was the malicious assailant that had caused the great tragedy that occured moments ago.

Subaru: [――――]

The flaming bar and the stifling black smoke.

The reason the drunken customers had fallen victim to the axe one after another was because of an irritant in the smoke. It was probably a simplified tear gas of sorts with strong irritative spices mixed in. However, despite it being pseudo-tear gas, its effects were immediate.

Using magic stones to cause a fire and sealing the entrance to lead the survivors to the back exit. Barring the back door and using the moment of relief after they broke through, an ambush was performed on the strongest survivor, and they were executed.

Then, using a soaked cloth to protect himself from the smoke, he directly, with certainty, killed Subaru.

His last words and voice, and above all else, the eyes he saw of the masked man indicated his true identity.

That was Todd. ――The man that was supposed to have died in the Buddheim Jungle.

Subaru: [No…]

That was simply unconfirmed information.

The Imperial Army’s camp fell into a state of ruin after the People of Shudraq’s attack, under Abel’s command. After hearing that there had been many casualties, over a hundred casualties, fearing that more pain would be compounded upon him upon further words, he shut out any other information beyond that.

After that, he had quickly taken Rem along, and decided to leave Abel and the rest.

That was why he had not even tried to think about any survivors from the attack on the encampment.

That included the attack Subaru chose to do himself against Todd’s group, which was unrelated to the attack by the People of Shudraq――.

Subaru: [If this is the nearest city to the Jungle, of course any survivors would run away here.]

Having had their camp attacked, any Imperial Soldiers who had escaped by the skin of their teeth would inevitably head to Guaral.

Yet, that thought did not cross Subaru’s mind; and so, he had nonchalantly stepped his foot into the city where enemies would be waiting. Plus, with Rem in tow.

Subaru: […Enemy.]

That word that popped in his mind, he once again tasted the bitterness of that word on his tongue.

Back when he was living in his original world, the term “enemy” was something that would only appear in manga or games. Even after being transported to another world, the target for that term only extended itself to adversaries like the Witch Cult and Witchbeasts.

Meaning, this was his first time to call someone who was not one of those, an “enemy”.

This “enemy”, was one created by none other than Natsuki Subaru’s own actions.

Subaru: [――grk]

Making a harsh sound, Subaru strongly grit his teeth.

Biting on his cheek meat, utilising the searing pain and taste of blood to grab his consciousness by the collar, he forcibly pulled himself back to reality. If that were not enough, he did not mind biting off all the meat inside his mouth.

He had no use for constricted organs, loud-ringing ears, trembling hands and feet, nor for a paralysed brain.

He could not be beaten down by malice and fear right now.

Even if he was just putting on a bold front, until the situation changed, he could not take it off.

Flop: [Husband-kun, get a hold of yourself! Husband-kun! Want to drink some water?]

Subaru: [――Hm, I’m fine. My bad, I worried Flop-san…!]

The colour of his face and the tone of his voice probably did not signal that he was fine at all, but Subaru told himself he was fine while slowly standing up.

The shaking in his knees and the discomfort from his paralysed organs still remained. However, he could not stay crouching forever. While Subaru was being spoiled by weakness, time was still marching forward.

Waiting for the right moment to strike, Todd’s plan of attack should still be in motion right now.

Subaru: [Hey Flop-san, can I ask you to do me a favour? Can you go back to the inn and get the medicine for my chronic illness from Rem?]

Flop: [Medicine? Are you under some bad sickness Husband-kun?]

Subaru: [Yeah, my glossy ankle disease is getting pretty bad.] [1]

Flop: [Oh my! Haven’t heard of that before!]

Being told a random disease name, Flop widened his eyes in surprise.

Taking advantage of Flop’s goodwill left a bad taste in Subaru’s mouth but he turned a blind eye to it, convincing himself that he had no choice. For now, Subaru had to prioritise getting Flop as far as he could from himself, as soon as possible.

If Todd’s aim was revenge and if Flop and Subaru were to split up, he would have no choice but to go after Subaru.

Once Flop’s safety was guaranteed, Subaru could focus on protecting himself.

He had still not decided on what was the correct option to take though――,

Subaru: [I can meet up with Rowan at the bar, leave it to escape the surprise attack. Then…]

He had no other choice but to perform a rather haphazard plan.

Given that he did not have the time to stop his legs and think things through slowly, he could only put into actuality the best action he could think of at this very moment, and hope to pick up a miracle as he went.

Subaru: [Rem should…]

When Flop returned to the inn to retrieve the medicine for the unheard-of disease, Rem should figure out that something abnormal had happened to Subaru. She should, he hoped.

Once she figured that out, she would stop Flop from returning to this area, he believed.

It was all a lot of wishful thinking but that was the limit of Subaru’s thought process at the moment.

Subaru: [Flop-san, please!]

Flop: [O-okay! Wait here! Keep your chin up Husband-kun!]

Hit with Subaru’s genuine seriousness, Flop treaded the path back to the inn. Sending Flop off, Subaru decided instead to hurry to the bar.

Getting the drunk Rowan sober as fast as he could, he would smack him with money and hire him once more. Rowan had fallen prey to the ambush, but in a straight fight, he would have enough strength to win. Subaru hoped for that too.

He was depending on luck a lot but he put his hopes on Rowan. Pleading for him to be the strongest in Vollachia――,

???: [――ah?]

About to start running with a praying heart, Subaru abruptly heard a hoarse voice from behind him.

Seeing as this was an unpopular alleyway, the voice he heard could only belong to one person. The problem was, what emotions did the owner of that voice experience to produce such sounds and what that consequently meant.

He quickly realised that those sounds would by no means be leading to a good conclusion.

Flop: [ Uu, uuuaaaahhhhh ――!!]

What followed the hoarse voice was the scream of Flop, who had gone the other way.

Turning his head around immediately, Subaru found Flop flipped upside down at the street ahead. Fallen face-up, Flop was clutching his right leg. A small knife had pierced through his thigh.

The knife which was buried deeply to the heel, took away the ability to run from Flop.

Subaru: [Flop-san!]

Hurriedly turning back from his running position, Subaru bit his lips as his feet skid on the ground. Then, without pause, he kicked off the ground and ran over to Flop, his leg injured.

Again, his expectations had been suddenly subverted.

He thought that if they were to split up, Todd would definitely prioritise Subaru and go after him. Yet, contrary to his calculations, Flop had suddenly been attacked.

Furthermore, getting attacked at this place and at this very moment, was beyond his expectations as well.

Subaru: [Flop-san! I’ll bring you somewhere to treat that straight away!]

Holding various regrets and remorse, Subaru rushed to Flop’s side. Flop was writhing in agony from the pain in his leg but Subaru did not have the time to treat him right now.

He had to lend his shoulder and take him to someplace with people――No, he could not let the situation develop like it had before, at the time he had perished after being run over at the main road. Even if he had to be forceful, he had to drag him to the bar. That was the best option.

The fact that the knife had struck his leg was a silver lining. Because, as long as a major artery was not pierced, there would be no real danger to his life――,

Subaru: [――――]

His thought process leading him here, a question abruptly appeared in Subaru’s mind.

It was good news that Flop’s life was not in danger. Yet, how was that so? Seeing the method in which the massacre at the bar was conducted, the enemy’s skill in killing was first-rate.

In spite of that, the attack against Flop ended at his legs. Why was that?

This was knowledge from manga but, this information was about a technique used by snipers in battle.

Snipers, who would hide themselves to perform one-sided attacks against faraway opponents, when faced with a group of enemies, would purposely not kill their opponent and instead stay their hand after majorly injuring them. Then, they would lure out the ones who would try to rescue their injured comrades and strive to extend their hands of death towards them.

It was a nightmarish method that took advantage of those who had a sense of fellowship, of those who could leave no man behind.

Why did he remember something like this at this moment? That was because――,

Subaru: [Shi――]

The instant that he felt something was wrong, a dark light flashed in the alley next to the fallen Flop.

Immediately after, a sharp, frontal strike smacked and blew Subaru away, who preemptively threw his hands up in an effort to protect his head.

Subaru: [ Gaahh!? ]

Eating the hard strike completely, the blown-away Subaru hit the back of his head hard on the ground. His vision went white and the ringing in his ears became loud again. While that was happening, he was pushed further back with momentum, rolling over once.

Subaru tried to discern the true form of the strike, and the distance from which it was launched. Unable to completely block the strike, he stretched his hand to his forehead, where he felt a warm sensation. It was likely that his forehead was cut from the hard strike and――,

Subaru: [――ah?]

His right hand, which he attempted to use to touch his forehead had been blown off at the forearm onwards, between wrist and elbow.

Subaru: [G- gyaaaaaaahhhh! ]

His right arm, which showed its jagged crosscut with white bone and pink muscle fibres, pumped blood out energetically in sync with his heartbeat. Panicked, he tried to stop the flowing blood by putting pressure on the wound, but the palm of his left hand was also cut down the middle, his crushed fingers each all facing a different direction.

It was proof that he had unfashionably suffered an attack from the opponent.

First of all, if he were to say that, running to Flop’s side without any precaution had been a mistake.

Mistake, mistake, mistakemistakemistakemistakemissmissmissmissmiss――,

???: [――Ahem]

Holding the overflowing blood, Subaru fell into panic, triggered by pain and a sense of loss.

A man holding an axe in one hand cleared his throat in front of that Subaru――He was a figure that appeared from the alley. A young adult who tied up his orange hair with a bandana. It was Todd.

He was not hiding his face this time.

The malicious eyes Subaru had personally seen at the bar. Subaru had not mistaken the true identity behind them for someone else or another.

As expected, Todd had set an attack with the full intention to kill Subaru.

Subaru: [ Ugi-giiiiiiiiiiiiiiii…! ]

The molars he was biting down on cracked and Subaru glared at Todd with bloodshot eyes.

He did not know himself if the meaning behind that glare was anger, hate, or more shamefully, just a plea for his life. Nevertheless, Todd’s response was cold.

He, showing a face that did not present much emotion, traced the bladed edge of the axe which destroyed Subaru’s arms.

Todd: [I need to make sure to properly sharpen this or it’s no good, my bad my bad.]

He said that lightly while reflecting on his actions.

Subaru: [ Kah… ]

Todd: [Alright.]

Opening his eyes wide, Subaru attempted to form words with his trembling tongue. However, Todd was indifferent to Subaru’s words, and nonchalantly swung his axe upwards.

It was as if he had no interest in Subaru’s words or identity――,

???: [ Uwaaaahhhhhhh ―― !! ]

Todd: [Woah]

However, before Todd could swing the axe he raised up, someone jumped on his body.

It was not Subaru, groaning in pain due to his destroyed arms. With this situation of Subaru having been rendered useless in a single strike, in order to protect him, a person jumped Todd. Flop.

Taking a knife to his right leg, the good-willed merchant who should have been fighting against intense pain was grabbing onto Todd’s back as if he were going to sink his teeth into him. He looked at Subaru over Todd’s shoulder.

Flop: [Husband-kun! Run away! Run away right no――]

Putting urgency on his slender face, Flop’s strong-willed expression jerked up as he was struck on the chin.

The grappled Todd used his elbow to forcefully hit Flop. The young adult, being far divorced from violence, was easily peeled off.

Then, facing the fallen Flop, Todd raised his axe.

Subaru: [Sto…]

Todd: [One, two aaand three!]

Subaru was not given the chance to stop him. Todd lightly exclaimed and next, an intense, sharp sound of water splashing reverberated.

Hit by Todd’s elbow, Flop, facing upwards, received the blade of an axe to the face. The young man, having his entire face and head split in two, swiftly became a corpse. Blood flowing, brain matter spilling, his arms and legs twitching.

Witnessing the alleyway steadily becoming soaked with blood, Subaru’s mouth fell open in disbelief.

Pain, confusion and rejuvenated fear. Subaru’s normal thought process was stolen by nothing but those emotions.

Just, what was the man in front of him?

Subaru: [I get…]

Todd: [Hm?]

Subaru: [I get, I get that you resent me. I get it…]

Avoiding the blood from the dead Flop, Todd turned to face Subaru as he spoke to him.

Subaru’s tears and mucus actively gushed out in thick drops. Blood flowed from his broken molars and additionally, he was covered in the blood spurting from his right arm. Subaru was in quite a horrible state.

He had not wet himself this time, but that was no comfort of any sort.

He had yet again let Flop die.

He had devised a method in which he thought he could save him, but because of Subaru’s inadequacy, Flop had died. He had let him die with a face unpresentable to his sister, Medium.

Subaru: [But everyone else… everyone else! Don’t… bring them into… it!]

There was a reason to resent him.

It was hard to admit that it was justified, but it was natural from what had transpired between Subaru and Todd.

That was why it was inevitable that he would come after Subaru. But, to involve other people for that was against the rules. It was a cowardly act. It was far from just and fair. That was evil. Was that not evil?

Subaru was at long last even starting to lose the mental faculties to verbally assault his opponent.

Listening to his statement, Todd hummed “Aaah” in a small voice,

Todd: [You, what do you mean by resent?]

He spoke, standing in the bloody alleyway, as he craned his head in question, wiping the blood that had reached his cheeks.

Taking in that naive-sounding attitude and answer, Subaru held his breath for a moment, but quickly a violent emotion he could not control burst out. With spit flying, he said “Don’t you dare play dumb!”,

Subaru: [Ambushing us, setting traps… relentlessly pursuing me…!]

Relentlessly, he had relentlessly been pursued and cornered.

No matter what action Subaru would take, he would anticipate and stay one step ahead to kill him with certainty. Meticulously preparing and laying out traps.

Going through that much effort to target Subaru. There was no point in feigning ignorance now. That was just being unreasonably stubborn.

It was a desecration of Flop’s death. Embarrassing Subaru, was this his way to vent his anger?

Subaru: [Are you….]

Todd: [I don’t know what you’re misunderstanding, but killing you isn’t because of resentment or anything, obviously. I found a dangerous-looking guy in town. Of course I’d kill no questions asked.]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [You kill a poisonous snake not because you resent it, but because you fear it. For that, you’d use anything at your disposal to kill it.]

Saying that it was nothing more and nothing less than that, Todd neatly picked off the bits of hair and skin that was stuck to his axe. Were those the fragments of Flop’s destroyed head? Subaru could only stay still in shock.

There was no lie in Todd’s composed response and attitude. He even responded with a smile.

Since the beginning till now, Todd’s attacks against Subaru proved that he was serious about his words.

Todd regarded Subaru as dangerous and could not help but kill him.

That was why he would not listen to him, not let him do anything, and nor would he try to interrogate Subaru for any information.

Also, he did not hate him for the deed done in the jungle. The only impression that Todd had gotten out of that, was that Subaru was a dangerous being.

As a consequence, Todd would unemotionally and dispassionately try to kill Subaru.

Todd: [You are the same as me. ――I will not give you time.]

Saying that, Todd put his foot on Subaru’s chest and kicked him. Unable to resist, Subaru fell down backwards, facing upwards. Todd straddled the fallen Subaru and raised his axe.

Subaru widened his eyes. He looked for the correct words.

Returning by Death, he would find the throughline behind various events. That was how Subaru seized victory. However, this strategy that worked even on Sin Archbishops had moments where it did not work.

That was when――,

Subaru: [――Wai]

Todd: [I won’t wait.]

――That was when the opponent was a coldhearted cutthroat.

△▼△▼△▼△

Flop: [――Husband-kun, it’s no good to have a scowl on your face.]

Subaru: [――hk]

Flop: [Good fortune won’t come to anyone who doesn’t have the time to… Wha-what’s the matter? Your face has suddenly gone pale?]

Upon seeing an axe coming down right on their head, surely most people’s faces would be drained of blood.

Without thinking, Subaru put his hands to his own face, cold from the lack of blood. Relief and fear churned within him, as the hands that felt that coldness confirmed the truth that he was alive and well.

Subaru: [Damn it, again…]

What should he do? Subaru did not possess even the slightest idea.

In regard to time, all the events that had happened to Subaru had transpired in only twenty minutes. Within those twenty minutes, Subaru had already lost his life five times.

Even during the last round at the Pleiades Watchtower, he had piled up over fifteen experiences of Deaths in search of victory, but then, there was confidence that progress was being made step-by-step.

But this time, he had nothing.

The corpses of Natsuki Subaru had accumulated, but he did not really feel they were contributing to his victory.

If there was one thing that could be said, it was――,

Subaru: [――Even now, I’m being watched.]

Already, Todd was observing Subaru with Flop.

Consequently, the moment he separated from Flop, Todd would mercilessly use Flop as bait.

It would be a different story if Subaru had the ruthlessness to be able to use Flop as a decoy, but since he could not do that, if Flop were assaulted, Subaru would put forth every effort to save him.

This was different from the time he had weighed the safety of Rem against the welfare of Todd and company.

Flop had been kind to utter strangers, or rather, to Subaru’s group. Subaru did not have it in him to choose an option that would leave him for dead.

So, carrying out a strategy on his own apart from Flop was impossible.

Simultaneously, the option for Subaru to return to the inn had also been snatched away.

It was not clear at what point in time Todd had noticed Subaru’s presence, but if he had been discovered on the way to the tavern, the location of the inn, Rem’s whereabouts, had not been exposed.

Yes, Rem’s location had not been found out. That was quite believable.

Supposing Rem’s whereabouts had been found out, Todd would be sure to make use of Rem, and utilize her in order to kill Subaru more systematically. It was ironic that his faith in Todd’s cunning conversely became proof that Rem had not fallen into his hands.

Subaru: [Anyway…]

While biting his lip and covering his face with his hand, Subaru desperately turned his head.

Time, somehow there was not enough time.

If he parted ways with Flop, Todd would begin his offensive immediately.

On the contrary, waiting for his offensive and counter attacking―― Well, he was not the sort of opponent that could be beaten even if his first attack were avoided. Since Subaru had no weapons, he would have to eliminate his opponent’s fighting strength in a single strike. No way.

If they escaped to the main street, Todd would recklessly drive a dragon carriage and kill by running them over.

Even if they avoided the rampaging dragon carriage, the chances that he would then take advantage of the chaos in the street were high. On top of that, the rampaging dragon carriage would drag in uninvolved bystanders. No way.

If they chose some other route, each and every alley would be his hunting ground.

North, east, south, and west, keeping an eye out in all directions was impossible. Even if they dealt with his first attack, in the end the plan to counterattack would be the same, and their lack of fighting power lay ahead. No way.

Would the best thing to do after all be rush to the Tavern with Flop, and before Todd could get ready to attack the tavern, prepare fighting forces to intercept him?

The obstacle would be how seriously he could take the drunk Rowan, but right now this should be the plan with the highest chance of victory that he could think of. No other move came to mind.

Subaru: [Fuck, fuck…]

What a troublesome opponent to have made an enemy of.

In the case of Sin Archbishops, they had the nice point of their reliance on their Authority turning their strengths into weakness. Since by working out the mechanism of their Authority, conversely the weak points of those guys would become evident.

However, Todd did not have that. He would use anything he can. He had stated so himself.

He did not rely on anything, and he did not take damage to the surroundings into consideration either.

After killing Subaru, how on earth he planned to explain that to the people around him, even that was a complete unknown. No consideration had been given to what would come afterward whatsoever.

In order to kill what must be killed, there was a fear of superfluous thoughts interrupting.

Flop: [Husband-kun? You alright? If something’s wrong, going back to the inn would be…]

Subaru: [N-no! Hell no! That’s a bad idea.]

He responded with great force, and Flop stared in wonder at that voice of Subaru’s.

Having done that, Subaru seriously cursed his own mental fragility. If he displayed such odd behavior, Todd would end up becoming suspicious.

If that happened, the valuable advantage of Return by Death would disappear.

Beyond what he had already grasped, the only way Subaru could take advantage of Todd was his preconception that his presence was not known to Subaru.

Ambush and trap, escape and counterattack, whichever means he utilized Todd could not be made aware of what Subaru was aware of.

Well, actually――,

Subaru: [――Wait.]

Suddenly, as Subaru was desperately thinking of countermeasures against Todd, a thought crossed his mind.

Todd did not stick to any one way of doing things, or even take damage to the surrounding into consideration. ――Still, he paid no mind to damage to the surroundings . That was not damage to himself .

Rather, this surprise attack was because he wished to drastically diminish the damage to himself .

Todd had stated it himself, with his own mouth.

You kill a poisonous snake not because you resent it, but because you fear it , he had said.

So he had said, then――,

Subaru: [――TODD! I know you’re here!]

Flop: [Wha wha wha!?]

Abiding by a thought that flashed through his mind, Subaru shouted at the top of his lungs.

Startled, Flop jumped at the sudden occurrence. However, it was more than likely that Flop had not been the only one.

Todd, who had been tailing and keeping a close eye on Subaru and Flop, should have been startled as well.

Counting on Todd’s moment of bewilderment, Subaru sharpened his glare, contorted his expression menacingly. While holding up the nastiest, most evil-looking demeanor possible, he swept his gaze around,

Subaru: [What a persistent bastard! Here I thought you had perished for good after all that went down, but it seems you managed to survive by some devil’s luck! However, don’t think I’ll let you get away this time! I’ll fucking kill you!]

Using the most threatening voice he could muster, Subaru spewed curses imbued with malice and hostility.

In a way his voice would definitely reach Todd no matter where in the alleyway he was hiding, and so that the message “Natsuki Subaru has caught on to your presence” would be conveyed.

Subaru: [Do you seriously think you can win in a fight against me? That’s beyond hilarious! You make me laugh, hahahahaha! Can’t wait to see it again, the pathetic way you look running away, that is!]

Revealing his two trump cards of provocation and mockery, Subaru burst out in laughter at the middle of the alleyway.

“Thank god I don’t have stage fright”, thought Subaru as this was the only time he was sincerely thankful for his shameless personality. If it were not for that, the tremble in his voice, the fear on his face, and the terror in his eyes would have been exposed.

It was thanks to Natsuki Subaru’s lousy personality that he was able to conceal those emotions.

Flop: [H-Husband-kun?]

Subaru: [Shush. Flop-san, be quiet.]

Shutting up Flop who had been completely dumbfounded by Subaru’s sudden change, Subaru pulled him by the arm and began walking brazenly.

Returning via the way they came was not possible. For starters, it had been confirmed Todd’s hiding laid somewhere over there, probably.

Hence, he stopped in the middle of his tracks, and while turning his head toward the depth of the alleyway,

Subaru: [Oh yeah, you’re welcome to come at me any time. I shall rip you to shreds, as you wish.]

He was not sure whether Todd would get it, but he added his middle finger as his last provocation.

Doing so, Subaru was able to hide the pounding of his heartbeat while heading towards the end of the alleyway wearing an audacious smile.

Subaru: [――――]

Honestly, that was a complete gamble.

There was a chance that Todd would become enraged from Subaru’s provocations, and jump into the alleyway whilst swinging his axe, which would not have been a completely unlikely scenario at all. ――However, Subaru trusted that it would not come to pass.

Todd would not go into a fit of rage. That man was the type that would gradually search for the best move in a composed manner and carry it out.

That was why, the bluffs Subaru had been dishing out should be able to work on Todd.

Having spotted Subaru in the street and developed an intent to kill, if Todd’s train of thought were followed, he would have most likely come to the conclusion that Subaru must be eliminated because, to him, Subaru seemed like a ticking time bomb. Choosing a surprise attack as the method to rope in and grasp victory in his hands was just a means to the end, as long as it worked, then all would be well. If that was no longer suitable for execution, he would just move onto the next best option.

Todd had not been particular with his methods.

That was the difference between him and the Sin Archbishops. Subaru would use that adaptability of Todd to his advantage.

Subaru: [Next up is…]

He carried out the strategy that had popped in his head in the heat of the moment, but the next steps had yet to be decided.

If Todd’s caution toward Subaru grew stronger, that would mean spare time until the next wave of attack existed. While the chance was in his hands, Subaru must make a decision between “Fight” or “Flight”.

Choose “Fight”, then it would be necessary to get Rowan from the bar involved. As long as no better alternative showed up, borrowing his strength would be the best bet.

Choose “Flight”, Subaru would have to go to the inn and grab Rem, then escape from the city. He felt bad, but he would have to ask Flop and Medium to come along as their safety were most likely in jeopardy.

Then, in the case that they decide to escape from the city, the place Subaru can go to was――,

Subaru: [――So that was why]

Flop: [Husband-kun?]

Though he stayed on guard of the alleyway behind, but, in that instant, Subaru’s eyes had become bloodshot.

The fear toward Todd, remorse toward Flop, concern toward Rem, affection toward Emilia, longing toward Beatrice, all of those had, more or less, been forgotten in that instant.

Forgotten, having grasped the feeling that had surfaced, Subaru firmly closed his eyes.

Then――,

Subaru: [――We need to get out of Guaral as fast as possible, before my bluffs are seen through.]

△▼△▼△▼△

After deciding the next course of action, Subaru wasted no time.

Even after he got out of the alleyway with his plan in motion, Todd did not make any moves. It must have been because he had become extra cautious due to Subaru’s provocations, which proved to be effective.

However, the effects of those bluffs could only last so long.

Subaru: [He’ll definitely catch on soon. We have to get out of here as fast as we can…]

Their only option was to run away.

Making up his mind, Subaru gave Flop a brief explanation and took him along, towards the place they had just left――returning to the inn which they departed from before he had met his demise five times, they dashed up the stairs.

Then, after pounding on the door to the room occupied by Rem and the others, they rushed inside hurriedly.

Subaru: [Rem! Are you oka… whoa!?]

Medium: [Uwah! What, so it was you guys! Had almost killed you there!]

The door left wide open, Subaru’s neck was against the icy blade of a halted machete. Its welder Medium gave a “Sowwy sowwy” apologetically as she sheathed her weapon.

Behind Medium, further inside the room, was Rem who watched that whole exchange as she widened her eyes,

Rem: [Wh-what is this about all of a sudden. I thought you had left yet you came back so soon…]

Subaru: [Rem!]

Rem: [――Hk]

Surprised by his sudden return, Rem began berating Subaru as the color of his face changed. But instead of stopping to hear everything she had to say, he rushed to her side and threw his arms around her.

Her breath caught in her throat, and her shoulders shrunk in, with her slender body being embraced so suddenly.

And then,

Rem: […Please let go of me.]

Subaru: […Ah, yeah, that was my bad. Got a little bit too carried away there…]

Rem: [I-I understand that. From the looks of it, something serious must have happened.]

She calmly pulled him off herself once he had made sure she was truly safe.

Subaru steeled himself for the rebuking that never came. Rem instead sighed for a good moment, let slide his behavior and then continued,

Rem:[Well then. What happened?]

Subaru: […I got spotted by a really bad guy. I managed to give him the slip, but that won’t really help us for long. We can’t stay here anymore. I know we just got here, so I’m really sorry but]

Rem: [So we need to leave the city, right? I understand. Louis-chan, could you please get our luggage.]

She had caught onto the fact that there was no time for an in-depth explanation. So she quietly accepted the current state of affairs.

Of all things that could’ve happened, Louis really did as Rem told and heaved the luggage onto her back.―― Wait, something’s off here.

Subaru: [Why… Why haven’t you unpacked? Even though we settled down at the inn…]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [Wait, Rem, by some chance, did you…]

She remained silent under his inquisitive gaze.

However, her silence was as good as affirming his exact suspicions out loud.

Subaru: [So that’s why… No wonder you accepted my proposal to come here so easily…]

Flop: [――I’m sure you have a lot to mull over, Husband-kun, but now isn’t the time, is it?]

Subaru: [Flop-san.]

Digesting the incomprehensible feeling of Rem’s attitude, Subaru covered his forehead and Flop tapped him on the shoulder. The earnest countenance of Flop urged Subaru to action.

He must not waste the time created by the precious once-in-a-lifetime great charade.

Flop: [My sister, we’re leaving town with these three. I’m told there’s a dangerous paramour after the Husband-kun! We gotta let Wife-san and Niece-chan get away!]

Medium: [Wooah, okay big bro! But, like, I already took off my boots!?]

Flop: [So put them back on, my sister! Shoes can be worn any number of times! That’s their strength!]

Medium: [Ohhh! Amazing, big bro! You’re a shoe genius!]

After hearing Flop’s determined persuasion, Medium assented and rushed to put on her boots.

Since it was an exchange between siblings, the outsiders did not interfere, but Subaru found that back-and-forth to be highly dubious, as he lifted Rem’s body and held her.

Rem: [Wait! At least put me on your back…]

Subaru: [It’s an emergency evacuation! And the wooden rack is in their oxcart… Flop-san! Where’s the cart!?]

Flop: [At the inn’s stable! And let me tell you, it’s no exaggeration to say Botecliffe is our third sibling! A cute little brother that we can’t leave behind!]

Medium: [Big bro! Bote-chan is a girl!]

Flop: [A cute little sister!]

Louis: [Ooh! Ooh!]

In spite of the pressing situation, every person coming along was incredibly boisterous, and Subaru hurriedly ran down stairs with Rem in his arms.

Subaru: [Sorry about the noise! Please accept the fee for the room!]

Passing by the inn’s reception desk, Subaru and company flew out the door without requesting a refund for not staying.

They went straight to the stables, and found the oxcart tethered with their things inside it.

Subaru: [How’s the speed of a Falo if running at full power!?]

Flop: [Hahaha, I haven’t let her run at full speed even once. Well my sister, how fast do you think?]

Medium: [I dunno, but probably faster than big bro!]

Hearing that unreliable answer, Subaru gave Rem a boost up to the back of the oxcart. Immediately Louis rushed in, and he tossed her up next to Rem, and opened the entrance to the stable.

Flop and Medium got into the coachman’s seat, and the preparation to escape was complete.

And then――,

Rem: [Um, what is a paramour? What sort of explanation did you give Flop-san?]

Subaru: [Now’s not the time! Flop-san, get Botecliffe running at full speed!]

Flop: [Aahh! I know what I’m doing! Run, Botecliffe!!]

Subaru climbed into the back of the cart and Rem pulled on his sleeve with reproachful eyes, but without answering her question Subaru called out to Flop’s back.

Hearing that, Flop wielded the reins and struck the tough Brave Ox ―― Botecliffe, on the back.

And so, the oxcart broke into a run. Slowly.

Subaru: [This is super slow! She’s walking!]

Flop: [Botecliffe! Run for me! Listen to your older brother, Botecliffe!]

Rem: [It would appear she does not consider you her brother…]

Rem’s words felt like the truth, but Botecliffe’s running speed―― No, its walking speed did not change. At this rate, it would honestly be much better if Subaru carried Rem on his back and everyone ran for it.

And, just as Subaru’s sense of urgency was growing in intensity――,

Medium: [BOTE-CHAN! RUUUN! Or else, I’m gonna make you dinner!]

Botecliffe: [――Moo!!]

She pulled out her barbarian swords and hoisted them overhead, and Medium shouted while rubbing them together to make sound.

Her smile encompassed her whole face, and perhaps sensing the truth in her words from Medium’s behaviour, the next second, Botecliffe let out a loud, deep sound and began ferociously running down the street.

Subaru: [UWOOAAAHH!!]

The intense acceleration and shaking caused swaying, and from the back of the cart Subaru let out a scream.

Flying out of the stable, Botecliffe rushed onto the main street, and the feeling of drifting from the sudden change of direction caused Subaru to nearly be thrown from the back of the cart, but Rem had promptly grabbed his hand.

Subaru: [Ah, that was close! You saved me, Rem! Your hand is so smooth――]

Rem: [Haa?]

Subaru: [Don’t let go so quickly!]

Naturally a superfluous thought leaked out, and with his hand released Subaru’s head hit the cart. But fortunately, he settled without getting thrown off, and everyone remained on board the running Falo cart.

Continuing on, the Falo cart speedily raced down the road as it headed for the city gate. It drew eyes as it moved left and right, dodging other dragon carriages, ox carts and canine carts.

Subaru: [Once we pass the main road, we should reach the main gate where the inspection was…]

Rem: [It does not seem like things will go that smoothly.]

Subaru: [What? Wait, oi oi oi oi!]

Subaru widened his eyes on gazing at what Rem was pointing towards, up ahead of the speeding Falo cart.

In their path stood men clad in armour, engraved with the national seal of the Sword Wolf. They were deployed in a way to block the main road. Imperial Soldiers were attempting to obstruct their path.

Subaru: [It’s Todd, isn’t it!? He changed plans and called for his friends!]

There was no sign of Todd among the Imperial Soldiers that awaited them, but the reason they were obstructing Subaru’s group right now was no doubt because of Todd’s influence.

Receiving Subaru’s taunt at the alleyway, Todd figured he would be at a disadvantage by himself, and so he gathered his comrades. It was definitely a very logical and necessary decision on his part. Subaru hated how correct and appropriate his deci――,

???: [――You shits! Don’t think y’all can get away!!]

In place of the absent Todd, at the head of the deployed troops, stood a familiar face.

A man whose right eye was covered by an eyepatch. His features looking as if someone had painted roughness and wildness directly onto it――It was Jamal. He accompanied Todd and, without a doubt, the man on whom Subaru set a trap on in the Jungle.

Seeing that Todd was alive, it was no surprise that he was alive as well but――,

Jamal: [You’ve got some balls sending a Witchbeast at us! You’re fucking dead!]

Subaru: […He simply hates me. It’s kind of a relief that way.]

Watching Jamal shout in anger with bloodshot eyes, Subaru felt peace of mind, knowing that his attitude was more human.

However, having said that, that did not mean that Jamal’s existence as a threat was gone. Including Jamal, the lineup of Imperial Soldiers were a plain threat.

Just how were they going to break through?

Medium: [Big bro, hold them reins tight. I’m counting on ya.]

Flop: [No worries, give it to them sis!]

In the limited time Subaru had to make a decision, before he could choose his next action, the duo at the driver’s seat, the O’Connell siblings Flop and Medium, gave their answer first.

Subaru did not have the chance to stop her. Medium positioned her legs at the tip of the driver’s seat and leaned forward, falling――,

Medium: [―― Hup! ]

Kicking the seat using her feet, her body shot forward with the speed of an arrow.

Machetes-drawn, she flew in a straight line and plunged into the enemy’s formation head-on.

Medium: [ Hiyaaaahh!! ]

Clawing the earth with her heel, Medium forcibly stopped herself using the enemy line. She then swung her arms.

Her machetes swept forward as it ravaged the air, generating an intense shockwave. The armoured Imperial soldiers were blown back far and wide, spewing blood.

Subaru: [S-she’s stroooooong!!]

Rem: [Is that how you compliment a girl?]

Subaru: [What else am I meant to say!? It is a compliment! Medium-san’s strong as hell!]

Despite Rem’s coldhearted comment on his honest opinion, Subaru exclaimed loudly at Medium’s unexpected fighting prowess.

Hearing Subaru’s voice, Flop, sitting at the driver’s seat, proudly scratched his nose.

Flop: [How’s that? That’s my sister’s true strength! I’m utterly hopeless at fighting, so my sister and I cover for each other and…]

Subaru: [Crush your weaknesses right? I understand now!]

Flop: [You get it!]

As if Subaru’s answer was to his liking, Flop’s eyes shone brightly and he flashed his white teeth.

This was second-hand information from Flop himself, but Subaru could confirm it to be true with his own eyes now.

Medium rampaged on, overpowering the Imperial Soldiers that were blocking their way one after another, forcefully clearing a path for the Falo cart to get through.

Subaru: [At this rate…]

???: [――Don’t get so cocky, you shitty bitch.]

Medium: [ Ukyan!? ]

Seeing the light at the end of the tunnel, Subaru pumped his fists. It was at this moment.

At that moment, a flash of a drawn sword assaulted Medium. She blocked the attack with her machetes but was sent flying as if she were paper.

Medium was shocked by the attack. The man who sent her flying also wielded blades in both hands――It was Jamal.

Jamal: [We’ve already had our numbers reduced, I ain’t gonna lose any more just from this scuffle! Y’all hurry up and prostrate yourselves under my foot!!]

Medium: [ Kyaah! Waah! Big bro, this guy’s strong!]

Subaru: [For real!?]

Angrily showering them with words of abuse, Jamal swung his dual blades and attacked Medium. She blocked the strikes, but Subaru could tell, even from an outsider perspective, that she was inferior in fighting strength.

It was his first time seeing Jamal fight properly, but his skill was far higher than the impression Subaru had got of him before. ――It made Subaru think that perhaps, the Elgina he had set on Todd’s group to beat them in the jungle had been beaten back by none other than Jamal himself.

Subaru: [This is bad, there’s not enough distance!]

Thanks to Medium’s hard fighting, the number of Imperial Soldiers blocking their path had decreased.

It seemed possible to break through by relying on the Falo cart’s momentum and charging in, but that was only if Jamal, who was standing imposingly in the middle of the street, was not there.

As long as Jamal was there, they could not hope to get away.

Flop: [――Sis!]

At that moment, Flop called out.

The cornered Medium glanced in the direction of her brother’s loud voice. Perhaps, he was about to yell out words of advice that would help turn around this impossible situation. Subaru hoped, but alas――,

Flop: [――You can do it!!]

The advice Flop shouted out, was unmistakably just telling her to believe in herself more.

Hearing those words, Subaru’s mind went blank. Even Jamal was dumbfounded.

However, for Medium O’Connell, for a person with who was bonded through blood, the reaction was different.

Medium: [I can do it――!!]

Receiving her brother’s encouragement, Medium roared. Her machetes screeching loudly alongside.

From her stance focusing solely on defense, she switched to a ferocious offense. A flurry of blades assaulted Jamal’s entire body.

Jamal: [You think a desperate attack like that will work on an Imperial Soldier?!]

Medium: [ Ugii! ]

However, Jamal parried her ferocious blows with his dual swords, striking her with his own counterattacks.

Medium grimaced from the pain, blood trickling out of the lacerations she had sustained on her arms and legs. Despite that, she continued to stay on the offensive by putting in the effort she could have used to defend herself instead, pressing ahead with preventing Jamal from moving away.

Thinking of the possibility that Medium would stay there to pin Jamal to his spot, Subaru attempted to let out a desperate shout, “No, don’t!”, and then――,

Rem: [Take this.]

Subaru: [Woah!? Rem, what are you… Rope?]

Right as he was about to shout, Rem had shoved the rope on the platform into his chest.

It appeared to be quite long, also thick and sturdy, something worthy of being used to secure cargo to the cart. However, in front of the puzzled Subaru, who was unsure of what to do with the rope,

Rem: [――Person with the eyepatch!]

Rem called out as she stood up, carrying a crate that had been stacked on the platform, and then flung it towards Jamal with a gallant throw.

Jamal whirled around, responding to the call with an, “Ah?”. Once he saw the crate heading his way before his very eyes, he easily sliced the wooden box in half with an annoyed swing of his arm.

And then, his whole body was showered with the spices that had been packed inside the crate.

Jamal: [Gh, whoa!? Wha… this is…]

Jamal waved his arm around from the discomfort, his vision obstructed by the scattering powder. At that moment, Medium tried to take advantage of the opening that had been created, aiming for his back with her machete, but――,

Rem: [Medium-san!]

The Falo cart had arrived at Medium and Jamal’s battlefield, quicker she could do so. And then, Subaru held the rope Rem had given him high above his head, throwing it towards Medium.

Looking at it, Medium prioritized grabbing the rope over attacking Jamal.

Medium: [I got it!]

Subaru: [I gotcha!]

The moment he heard Medium’s voice, Subaru endured the added weight to the rope with his entire being. He thrust his feet into the loading platform, supported Medium’s weight, and helped her return.

Seeking to jump back onto the Falo cart, Medium took a step forward, about to make a jump with the aid of the rope.

Subaru and Rem would retrieve her, and then they would break through the front gates, heading out――,

Jamal: [I said, don’t think you can just escape!]

The next moment, a furious Jamal cut through the cloud of spices, bursting forth from it.

Like that, he set his sights on Medium’s back as she positioned herself to jump away, ruthlessly attempting to bring down his dual swords on her.

In a nick of time, Medium would be felled into a sea of blood from Jamal’s strike――.

Jamal: [Buh,]

Rem: [This is payback for what happened by the river!]

Jamal’s face was smacked by the wooden rack that Rem had tossed from the platform.

The rack that had been handed out to the O’Connell siblings fell apart upon colliding with Jamal’s face, having completely finished its role.

Jamal was flipped over, and Medium returned to the Falo cart. She threw out her machetes onto the platform, and then proceeded to lie down with her arms outstretched.

Medium: [Oh no, no, oh no! That was close! Big bro, that was close!]

Flop: [Oh, indeed, dear sister! You two also did very well, Husband-kun and Wife-san! You saved us!]

Medium: [Really, really! Thanks! You saved us!]

Subaru: [No… not at all. We’re the ones who were saved.]

Medium, who had made her way back onto the loading platform, and Flop, who had cheered for that fact.

However, the siblings’ gratitude was misplaced. In this city, the two had continued to save Subaru and his group, right from the beginning and to the end.

On top of that, he had gotten the siblings involved in his group’s circumstances. How could he make it up to them?

Gate guard: [Halt――! Halt! Hal… Whoa!?]

Although a gate guard tried to stand in the way in an effort to stop the speeding Falo cart, he ended up leaping to the side in order to avoid it.

The Falo cart did not let up its momentum as it passed the guard, heading for the front gate with Subaru and his companions on board. The cart would zip out of the city at once, whilst throwing the queue for the inspection process into disarray.

What an outrageous situation. Subaru and company had only stayed at Guaral for less than three hours.

However, they managed to drive past the inspection area, and passed through the front gate. Subaru wanted Botecliffe to do her best, since she would need to keep running in order to shake off the group’s pursuer.

And then, he would have to tell Flop and Medium about――,

Subaru: [――――]

Amidst the uncontrollable shaking of the platform, the cart blew past the front gate and exited the city.

Subaru’s field of vision opened up, and he was able to discern the wide plains and the horizon. It was just as the cart was about to finally make its escape.

――When a silhouette plummeted towards Subaru from right above the gates, an axe raised high into the air.

???: [Orghhhh!]

A single strike was swung downwards, descending upon the crown of Subaru’s head as if it were slicing a piece of bamboo in half.

The blow was one that Rem nor Medium, as well as neither Flop nor Louis, were able to react to. It was nightmarish, something that could not be guarded against if it had not been predicted.

However――,

Subaru: [――I knew it.]

Subaru received the axe strike that rained down on him with the machete Medium had dropped on the platform.

Subaru had guessed that the instant he and his companions had succeeded in their escape, the moment where they would let down their guard the most, would be capitalized, and a single blow would be driven into the target――Subaru’s head.

――If it were Todd, that would be what he would do. The horrors Subaru had experienced five times over had assured him of it.

Todd: [I should’ve killed you, after all!]

Subaru: [Ghk…!]

Todd forcefully pressed his axe further with malice gleaming behind his eyes, attempting to split Subaru open.

It was a good thing for Subaru to receive the axe with the machete, but his hands had grown numb from the impact, and it was only a matter of time until he would drop the weapon.

Neither Rem nor Medium would make it in time to the lock of weapons that was placing Subaru’s life on the line.

Even though he had managed to dodge a fatal strike, if things went on like this, he would be killed by To――,

???: [Aa, uu!!]

Subaru: [Woah!]

All of a sudden, the force behind Todd’s axe had grown weak.

When Subaru glanced over to see what was happening with a frown, he saw Louis clinging onto Todd, her arms secured around his body. She shook her blonde hair loose, struggling desperately to put an end to Todd’s act of violence.

Todd: [Don’t get in the way, kid!]

Louis: [Auh!]

Shaking off Louis’s interference, Todd mercilessly slammed his elbow into her face. Elbowed by him, Louis let out a shriek and fell over.

Subaru: [――Hk, son of a bitch!]

Witnessing that event unfold, Subaru gritted his back teeth as he exerted his strength to push back against Todd.

Todd stumbled back from the sudden action, creating distance between himself and Subaru after the brief moment where their weapons had locked together. However, this was within Todd’s range. He raised the long handle of his axe. The next blow was about to come.

Before that――,

Subaru: [――You’re watching, right!? Do it, Kuna! Holly!]

Subaru shouted out with all of his might before Todd could unleash his axe strike.

He was unsure of how far his voice had echoed across the plains.

He was unsure, but――,

Kuna: [Bye, Subaru . Don’t forget, I’ll be watching .]

Holly: [ Yep ~!]

The voices reverberated inside his skull, almost like a reply――in an instant, the sound of something hurtling through the wind pierced the air.

And then, it flew straight across, absorbing itself into Todd’s side――,

Todd: [Kah,]

With a small cry of pain, Todd was sent flying at breakneck speed as his body jerked to the side.

Unable to keep himself boarded on the platform, he was thrown off the Falo cart as he spun sideways, tumbling to the solid ground without managing to break his fall.

He rolled twice, and then thrice, his figure growing increasingly distant.

Subaru: [Hah… hah…]

Rem: [Wh-what just…?]

Todd was now absent from the Falo cart’s platform, having been tossed off. Subaru dropped to his knees as the machete fell on the spot, and Rem was propping up Louis, who had received an elbow strike, in her arms.

Rem also had a confused expression on her face from what had just occurred, but Subaru had a sense of confidence, one which told him that they would receive assistance if they could make it past the gates.

The origin of his certainty came from――,

Subaru: [That nasty fucking Emperor… I’ll make sure to punch you when I get back…]

Subaru spat out that venom as he sprawled across the Falo cart’s platform, whilst picturing the face of the villainous man who must have known everything.

Translation Notes:

[1] – Glossy Ankle Disease (くるぶしツヤツヤ病) is a reference to one of Brokeena’s many fake chronic diseases in the manga series Dai no Daibouken/Dragon Quest: The Adventure of Dai.

--- Chapter 19: A Vexing Reunion ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The man remained motionless, sprawled out on top of the stiff soil.

???: [――――]

He was neither dead, nor asleep.

He simply closed his eyes, organizing his thoughts in silence as he adjusted his unsteady breaths.

Assembling them, putting them together, building them back――,

????: [Oi, you alive?]

???: [――Yeah, I’m alive.]

As someone called out to him overhead, he opened his eyes to see the face of a familiar man.

He felt like the man was in possession of exceptional talent, since the boorish impression he gave off persisted even when looking at him upside-down. Anyway, that was completely unrelated to resolving the current situation.

???: [What happened to those guys?]

????: [They managed to pass through me, and ran away as fast as they could after they threw you out. You’re… you better do something about that. I can’t help but feel pain whenever I look at it.]

???: [That? …Ah, you mean this.]

He sat up while scratching his head, glancing towards the side of his body, where the other man had pointed at with a finger. Just then, he spotted the thick arrow embedded into his body.

If the arrow piercing his left side had been positioned slightly higher than where it was, then it might have pierced his heart.

Although the injury had nearly taken his life, he had few strong emotions about it. Not just about how it looked, but also about the fact that his own flesh had been pierced.

Todd: [It’s not really as painful as it looks, alright? Though it’ll be difficult to move for the time being…]

Jamal: [Dumbass. Who said they were worried about you? I said it’s painful to look at. Hurry up and pull it out.]

Todd: [You’re kinda rough with wounded companions, aren’t you. ――And]

Hearing that from his frowning partner, he reluctantly grabbed the lodged arrow. The trouble with arrow wounds was that the arrow needed to be pulled out before the flesh closed around it.

Fortunately, it had only been stuck there a short time, so he was able to pull it out in one go with some exertion.

For the flow of blood, he pressed a torn piece of clothing on the opening of the wound and forcefully compressed it to stop the bleeding.

Todd: [So, here’s the arrow just as you ordered. Now what do we do, huh.]

Jamal: [If it’s a deep wound, you should withdraw and rest. As for those guys that got away, I’ll take some people along and crush them. We’ll show those bastards ourselves that they’re prey… ]

Todd: [――That’d be a bad move, Jamal.]

Jamal: [What?]

The man dictating the course of action from here―― Jamal, was reined in by his hand.

Todd understood why Jamal would want to pursue the fleeing enemies who had made fools of them to get payback. But, if they proceeded with a hasty offensive move, the ones who would be met with a painful experience would be those here.

Todd: [Think about it. Why exactly, did those guys brazenly enter Guaral? Considering what they themselves did, it’s obvious we’d be in this city.]

Jamal: […Unless they’re brainless idiots.]

Todd: [――They deliberately marched in. They went as far as to conceal an ambush outside the city.]

With a glance, Jamal looked at the arrow that had just been extracted and cleared his throat.

Jamal, as an experienced military man, had the ability to perceive the direction from which an arrow had been fired and its accuracy, and was able to determine from how high it had been shot.

Naturally, he would reach the same conclusion as Todd himself.

Jamal: [If that’s right, their aim is…!]

Todd: [To lure out and hunt us Imperial Soldiers who’d entered Guaral. If we abruptly chased after them with our entire military strength, or rather, if we pursued them with our small force, we’d be playing in the palm of their hand. ――Which of us would be the prey, I wonder.]

Jamal: [――――]

Gritting his teeth in frustration, Jamal scowled in the direction their opponents had fled.

On the inside, Jamal looked like he was being swayed by gut-boiling fury, but Todd knew that painful feeling all too well―― that was something he wouldn’t say. Rather than fury, it was admiration that had taken hold in his heart.

Brazenly using oneself as a decoy, successfully taking advantage of unpreparedness to lure out a foolish opponent.

He was certainly a formidable enemy, a child of war.

Todd: [I seriously fucked up, failing to kill you…]

While looking the same direction as Jamal, he softly muttered that.

And then, he took a breath, “Ahh” as if he had pulled himself together,

Todd: [Seems we’ll have an opportunity for revenge. ――They’ll come back, no matter what.]

Jamal: [When that time comes, I’ll show absolutely no mercy.]

Todd silently nodded in approval of Jamal stifling his anger.

Then, for the time being he would confirm this battle as a loss. Moreover――,

Todd: [Jamal.]

Jamal: [Oh. …What’s with those hands?]

Todd’s legs were stretched out on the ground, both hands extended in his direction, and Jamal frowned.

Todd tilted his head at the incomprehension, “Just what it looks like”, he continued,

Todd: [Piggyback ride.]

Jamal: [Die alone!]

He shrugged his shoulders, really, that was not a response of true friendship.

△▼△▼△▼△

Stepping strongly on the hard ground, Subaru marched forward with long strides.

As he neared his destination, his restlessness increased and his ability to suppress the need to jump out from the ox cart decreased. And so, with the moment of arrival finally at hand, his body leapt forward with vigour.

He felt like he heard voices trying to stop him, but they all went in one ear and out the other.

Shaking them off, he headed straight for the target building. A wooden building, noticeably larger than the rest, located at the center of the settlement. Entering it, he drew the gazes of several people inside.

And――,

???: [――So you have returned. Quicker than my expectations even.]

An arrogant man brazenly declared, sporting an oni mask.

Saying nothing towards his haughty attitude, Subaru charged straight forward. Letting the momentum carry him, he, without hesitation, peeled off the mask of the man who looked down on him.

Letting his mask be removed with little resistance, the man’s graceful features became exposed.

Grabbing the collar of that unbearable person with his demonic face, Subaru pulled him up into a standing position. Next, he brandished his fist, ready to send his fist flying into that face and――,

???: [Subaru, wait .]

Just as Subaru was about to punch him into oblivion, his drawn right arm was forcibly stopped from behind.

A tall figure, who dyed the ends of their hair red. It was this settlement’s clan leader, Mizelda, who had stopped him. Wanting to complain about her action, he opened his mouth, about to say “ Now ? Of all times?”.

However, faster than he could object, Mizelda prefaced, saying “ Listen ,”

Mizelda: [Not the face . Anything else, I’ll forgive .]

Subaru: [ORAA――!]

Abel: [――Hk]

Receiving her unwavering answer, Subaru, after a brief moment, delivered his fist directly into Abel’s stretched torso.

Subaru did not know if Abel had expected to be punched in the face but, having been hit in a location he was not ready to be hit in, the man let out a cry of pain and took a few steps back. Not all of Subaru’s pent-up anger was released by just that but――,

Subaru: [Don’t think we’re even now, shithead…!]

Abel: [――Hmph, what a greedy man you are.]

The man picked up the oni mask that had fallen to the side and put it back on. The man who always had something to say back―― Abel.

Having struck the man who was the source of his dam-level pent-up anger, Subaru harshly exhaled.

For he had travelled for three-plus days, taking the path back, just for this one strike.

△▼△▼△▼△

Flop: [Look sis! Apparently, this is the village of the famous People of Shudraq! It’s in the backwoods of the unexplored regions, just like the rumours say! What a find!]

Medium: [Woah! Amazing, big bro! Look look! Everyone’s abs are ripped just like me! Ripped! Big bro, ripped!]

Flop: [Mega ripped!]

The siblings’ voiced thoughts echoed throughout the settlement. They were seemingly easy-going, no matter where they were.

The duo exchanging their candid opinions were the O’Connell siblings, Flop and Medium. Caught up in the flow of things, they had been invited into the People of Shudraq’s settlement.

They were in the middle of the plaza, sitting atop their ox cart, surrounded by the Shudraqians who had gathered in curiosity. Their fearless attitude appeared to be a constant even in different lands and environments. Acting like big shots, they showed not a single emotion remotely resembling trepidation, alertness or anxiety, even while drawing the eyes and attention of many.

However, they should become more aware of the dangers and harms to one’s life and body when interacting with others. It would be more normal and appropriate to be scared, because currently, they were being surrounded by a pretty much unknown, wild tribe.

Abel: [You have brought back rather noisy company. Were those people required for your journey? If so, the way you and I see value is different.]

Subaru: [I won’t deny we value things differently. There’s a big difference in how you and I see things. ――Saying that, that attitude of yours is really something isn’t it?]

Abel: [Hoh?]

Sitting on the floor of the meeting area, Subaru and Abel faced off against each other, much like how they had done a few days prior.

Abel had received Subaru’s punch of retribution earlier, but there was no inkling of repentance in the tone of his words. Never mind wanting an apology, he did not plan on giving one anyway.

However, Subaru could not ignore his comment on the siblings.

That was because――,

Rem: [Abel-san, we inadvertently got those people involved. They were kind to us when we were stuck standing outside the city… Just because of that.]

Abel: [――――]

The reason for Subaru’s anger was explained instead by Rem.

Unlike last time, the meeting room had not been cleared out, and so members other than Subaru and Abel were also participating in the discourse.

Next to Subaru was Rem, seated seiza-style and their fellow travellers, Kuna and Holly. Seated next to Abel were the sisters Mizelda and Taritta. [1]

As a side note, on the topic of Louis, she was being looked after by the person closest to her in age, Utakata. She was currently, most likely at the ox cart in the plaza, with the Shudraqian-surrounded O’Connell siblings.

In any case――,

Rem: [With their assistance, we were able to return safely. In doing so, they are now being targeted by the city’s soldiers…]

Abel: [Incorrect, I shall amend that. The ones targeting us and the two outside are not the city’s soldiers. They are the Imperial Soldiers. The ones who serve this country have become your enemy.]

Rem & Subaru: [――――]

From behind his oni mask, Abel’s cold words pierced through Subaru and Rem.

Hearing his dry statement, Rem could only avert her light-blue eyes tiredly. To be honest, that was the undeniable truth of the situation. Subaru understood that.

However, understanding and agreeing with the truth were two different things.

Subaru: [Drawing the badwill of the camp’s Imperial Soldiers was my mistake. Their hostility is also the result of my choices and actions.]

Abel: [That is correct. It is the fate you tied yourself to, even before you encountered the People of Shudraq.]

Subaru: [I can’t make excuses for that fate, because the one who made them an enemy is unmistakably me. ――But, the one who had to pay for those consequences should have just been me.]

It was true that the majority of the fault fell on Subaru, but the problem here was Abel’s attitude.

From the start, he should have known the danger Subaru’s group would be in if they entered Guaral. He should have noticed the possibility where they were attacked after coming into contact with the surviving Imperial Soldiers.

That was why――,

Subaru: [You ordered Kuna and Holly – in advance – to wait for us outside the city. To help us if we were trying to escape the city from pursuers.]

Holly: [For real for real , you guys were in quite a pickle you know ~. If me and Kuna weren’t there, Subaru, your head would’ve been split in two by an axe by now ~.]

Plunking down into a cross-legged position, Holly stated casually while stuffing her mouth full of dangos. Unlike the person sitting next to her, Kuna, who held an uneasy expression, she did not comprehend the mood of the conversation.

Of course, Subaru was thankful for Holly and Kuna’s help. If not for their assistance, the possibility of his head having been split open back then was quite high.

Subaru: [Using Kuna’s eyes to keep watch and Holly’s bow to support us… A long-range bow and arrow snipe. It’s what you’d call a combo skill with both your talents.]

Kuna: [… No one told me that the situation was that crap though .]

Kuna’s spiritless comment evidently showed that she harboured a sense of guilt towards Subaru’s group.

Saying that however, the guilt that Kuna carried was invalid. That was because the words she had given Subaru before they entered Guaral that had been what had given him the hint he needed.

Had she not advised him, the help that Holly mentioned would have been unattainable.

However――,

Subaru: [That kind of thinking only applies to Kuna and Holly. ――Someone like you, who foresaw the whole thing, I’m not going to be nice to.]

This was why he had made the first thing he did after coming back to be his strike of retribution on Abel.

If Abel had shown any traces of self-reflection after receiving that, his feelings may have been different. But, mostly as expected, Abel showed no remorse or even any sign that he thought he did something bad.

With his unchanging, arrogant attitude, he toyed around with Subaru’s anger.

Even now, the sharp stare behind his oni mask showed no clouds of doubt.

It was as if he was about to say, “So what of it?”.

Subaru: [Oi, why don’t you say something instead of shutting up.]

Abel: [――So what of it?]

Subaru: […You actually said it.]

With the aggravating response he had predicted becoming reality, Subaru grit his teeth at Abel’s words and sharpened his glare.

However, Abel coolly let Subaru’s accusatory stare slide and,

Abel: [After returning with vigour and striking me, all you can lay out are dull words of abhorrence? First off, I warned you from the start, did I not?―― That it would not be an easy path.]

Subaru: [Ghh…]

Abel: [Latching onto the closest peace and safety you could find, understand that this was the penalty for not using your head. Out of all the actions any of those defeated soldiers could take, going to the city nearest their burnt camp had the highest probability of occurring. It is common sense.]

Subaru: [Then… Then, you should have said that to begin with!]

Sitting with one knee raised, Abel’s words poked unsparingly at Subaru’s overhastiness.

Still, in the first place, Subaru understood his mistake and acknowledged it. He understood that it had been his lack of thinking and actions beforehand that had caused the unfortunate sequence of events to explode and unfold.

However, Abel had been aware that danger lurked, and let it slide. His actions had directly benefited the enemy―― If being allies or enemies was an irrelevant detail, then what he had done was equivalent to setting Subaru up in a trap.

Subaru: [You knew everything from the start. The chances of us encountering the Imperial Army’s survivors, the chances of us having to frantically escape. How, in all that mayhem Rem would…]

Abel: [――――]

Subaru: [Anyway! You knew everything. But you kept your mouth shut.]

Letting his mouth run off without thinking, words which should not be spoken almost came tumbling out. Quickly preventing himself from saying any further, Subaru concentrated his anger at Abel, avoiding to look at the face of the person sitting next to him, Rem.

Subaru was getting worked up in his flames of anger. Towards that, Abel coolly――no, coldly, gazed towards him.

Just how much of this world did this man see through with his penetrating gaze.

And, for a person able to see through so much, for what purpose did he toy with Subaru and the others.

Subaru: [Answer me, shithead. Why did you let us…]

Abel: [To save myself from extra work. Nothing more, nothing less.]

Subaru: [Extra work..?]

In response to Subaru’s angry biting look, Abel let out a sound indistinguishable from a sigh.

When Subaru blinked at his response, Abel gently rubbed the ground of the meeting room, and picked up the parched earth in the palm of his hand.

Abel: [Fellows like you value what is seen with your own foolish eyes more than the words of the wise. The intensity of falling raindrops is more eloquent than anything that could come from my mouth.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [Thanks to that, you must feel it keenly. ――That for you, there is nowhere to run to.]

As he spoke, he sprinkled the dirt from his palm and scattered it.

With just that action, Subaru felt an optical illusion of being terribly and clearly blocked in every direction was very much being thrust toward him.

As the Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, it was simple to manipulate others with skillful words.

In front of the tough sly fox of an Emperor, Subaru’s complaint was no different from the cries of a caged monkey.

So in reality, Subaru was just left at his wit’s end.

Subaru: […Ultimately, what is it you want to do?]

Abel: [I have already told you my intentions. To regain what was stolen. To that end, the current Empire is my adversary. It is your enemy as well.]

Subaru: [――. You’re telling me to cooperate with you?]

Abel: [For the time being, I have explained I possess no reason to harm you.]

For the troubled Subaru, Abel’s words seeped in like poison.

Abel’s art of conversation refused to allow for a clear answer to be grasped, and was endowed with cunning as if to mystify Subaru, but, on the other hand, it also felt as though he was attempting to test Subaru.

Again and again, Abel did not make any assertions to Subaru, yet he continued to speak.

Telling him to think for himself, and choose what to take from it.

This time as well, Abel was provoking him to rise to his level if he wanted to argue. Currently, Subaru could not rise to his same level of discussion.

And His Excellency the Emperor was not so kind as to wait for Subaru to obediently rise to the occasion.

Subaru: […So, everything rests in the palm of your hand? I don’t like it.]

Abel: [――. Unfortunately, I hold only some people in the palm of my hand. It is because of the portion I could not control that currently, I am here, sitting upon the dirt.]

Subaru: [――――]

In the reply to what Subaru had spitten out, Abel’s self-deprecation was audible.

His facial expression was not visible, and the tone of his voice also did not change. Still, it seemed like self-deprecation. It was unusual―― No, it was the first time Subaru had heard Abel mock himself.

And it was proof that he had accepted the undeniable reality.

He had allowed his own subordinates to rebel, an uncrowned Emperor, ousted from his throne.

Deep in the jungle, sitting upon the dirt of the Shudraqian meeting place, that situation in particular was evidence that he had made a foolish blunder for which there was no excuse.

Subaru: [――――]

While fixing his gaze directly at Abel, Subaru deliberated quietly.

Subaru still was unaware of Abel’s true intentions, as well as his own or their own plans of action hereafter. He wished not to be taken for a ride by Abel’s calculations yet again, and suffer similar misfortune.

Actually, what the hell was Abel thinking?

Subaru certainly didn’t think that Abel would go so far as scheming to bring Subaru over to his side. That he would detect such value in Subaru did not appear plausible.

In spite of that, if there was a reason for Abel to keep Subaru on hand, rather than Subaru’s own self, it was an interest in other accessory――,

???: [―― Husband-kun ! The people here are truly delightful and big-hearted! I’m impressed!]

Subaru: [Uwah!?]

Subaru gasped, right in the middle of his serious deliberation.

Losing his footing at the entry to the meeting place, the figure of Flop appeared, his beautiful voice resounding through. In the middle of the meeting place, while he looked out over each face lined up,

Flop: [Oh dear, I apologize for the late greeting! Apparently, it seems the people here are representatives of this village. Oh! Miss Kuna and Miss Holly look-alikes too!]

Kuna: [It is us .]

Holly: [It is ~]

Flop: [Oh right! I’m being rude!]

Smoothing down his hair with his hands, Flop briskly moved to the center of the assembly, and bowed wearing a friendly smile.

Flop: [Allow me to correct myself, I’m Flop O’Connell! I do peddling with my sister Medium and Botecliffe. It seems for various reasons we ended up accompanying Husband-kun , Wife-san , and Niece-chan on an incident-filled journey to this position. From now on, everyone, I am in your care!]

Taritta: [Is he being polite or not …]

At Flop’s vigorous greeting, Taritta wore a vexed expression. Then with a glance she peeped at the adjacent Mizelda’s face,

Taritta: [Sister, what shall be done ? Outsiders are ordered to stay back …]

Mizelda: [That’s true … Well, he’s a sexy man . I’ll keep him in my room .]

Taritta: [Sister…]

Folding her arms, Mizelda decided on Flop’s treatment by his face.

Mizelda’s judgement by exceedingly simple logic was easy to understand, but seemed troubling to Taritta, who supported her older sister as the chief. Of course, if that alone was the basis for Mizelda’s judgements, Subaru would not have been able to remain in the village, so he thought there must be more to it.

Subaru: [Right, Mizelda-san, there’s one thing I want to check. Flop-san is my guest, or perhaps I should say I decided on my own to bring him along. But, about making him undergo the Lifeblood Ritual…]

Flop: [Lifeblood Ritual? By chance, could that be some kind of traditional welcoming ceremony passed down in this village!? Certainly, I would love to have that experience too!]

Subaru: [It’s a traditional ceremony, but it’s a bit rough to be called welcoming.]

Flop was looking forward to trying the ritual, but even he would likely become reluctant if he were presented with the possibility of being pitted against a Witchbeast. Subaru was afraid that there was a possibility that Flop’s attitude would not change upon hearing that, but either way, he did not want to let it happen.

Abel: [――I knew from the moment we were partitioned by this thin wall, but they are a noisy bunch.]

And now, the one who did not welcome that attitude of Flop’s was the ruthless Emperor donning an oni mask.

It was a stark contrast between the sunny warmth of Flop and the cold blood flowing through Abel. At least, the fact that Abel seemed to have no reason to like Flop made Subaru’s blood freeze.

Flop: [Oh my! What an unusual mask… Is he perhaps the head of the village by chance? I read somewhere that people who have special appearances have special positions!]

At the first chance meeting of the pair, Flop started by referencing Abel’s striking appearance.

Flop’s conclusion from the conspicuous oni mask was understandable, but it was difficult to deem Abel as one of the People of Shudraq. At any rate, the part about the oni mask aside, he was culturally quite far removed from the other Shudraqians. Especially from visuals, his appearance was far too irregular.

Abel: [It is not a poor way of thinking, but lacks attentiveness and prudence. A moment ago, you spoke of your occupation as being that of peddling…]

Flop: [Oh, yeah! My sister’s Botecliffe pulls the ox cart that carries our goods, and we do trade all over the Empire… We are nomadic siblings wandering with the wind!]

With his hand pressed to his chest, Flop responded as if singing.

Outside the building, a voice could be heard saying “That’s my big bro!” from the public square. Even though separated by a thin wall, there was a deep bond between the siblings.

However, even proof of such a wholesome relationship, seemed not to be grounds to Abel to warm his utterly frozen heart.

Upon hearing Flop’s reply, Abel sniffed a small “hmph”,

Abel: [――Natsuki Subaru, you say you picked these up in the city.]

Subaru: [Don’t go treating people like objects. To start, if I accurately express the state of affairs, a more correct representation is that we were picked up by Flop-san.]

Abel: [The essence is what matters. I am not at leisure to concern myself with trifles. Nevertheless, I will first commend you for returning in this way. It was a great feat.]

Subaru: [Sure doesn’t feel like praise… What the hell are you scheming.]

Frankly, Flop and Abel were a bad match in Subaru’s view.

For that reason, he had planned to ask Flop to wait in the square and introduce him when an opportunity arose, but Abel’s reaction was unforeseen by Subaru.

But then, Abel’s interest was not in Flop’s humanity. Naturally, it would not be the presence of Medium, who was known by the loudness of her voice alone, either. As such, the answer was clear.

Abel: [Merchant, to what degree are you acquainted with Guaral?]

Flop: [That’s a good question, Village Chief-kun! I’m proud to say I’m pretty well-known in Guaral. At any rate, it’s certain our lives would be over if we traveled too far. Since even peddlers have to get accustomed to travel coming and going from fixed places!]

Kuna: [Seems like a fine line between caution and cowardice, huh …]

Kuna let out an exasperated sigh at Flop’s overflowing ever-positive self-confidence.

But, listening to Flop’s answer, Abel kept silent under his oni mask. ――No, Subaru’s ears picked up a faint sound out of the silence.

It was a small noise from Abel’s throat.

Abel: [How fortuitous. Quite the find, Natsuki Subaru. ――A peddler intimate with the city would likely happen to know a byway or two.]

Subaru: [Oi, hold up, Abel. A byway? What are you suggesting?]

Abel: [Again you look towards another for answers? It would appear you fail to comprehend the purpose of my repeated interrogation. I lack the words to label such ignorance with.]

Subaru: [――――]

Every single bit of his manner of speaking was aggravating, but he had no retort for Abel’s words.

Natsuki Subaru was too isolated and helpless to actually break off the discussion here, and turn his back and leave. Therefore, he thought carefully, even if it was annoying.

――No, even without thinking about it, he had a pretty good grasp on Abel’s intention.

Just now, it was evident from listening to the interrogation of Flop.

Subaru: [Abel, you, are you seriously…]

Abel: [Even slow minds can happen upon the answer if utilized. Ahh, as expected of your thinking.]

With trembling lips and stiff cheeks, Subaru looked back, and Abel’s penetrating gaze from behind the oni mask told of his cold-hearted plan.

Then, Abel spoke, informing everyone besides Subaru.

Abel: [――The Fortress City of Guaral shall fall. That city is necessary as our next base.]

Translation Notes:

[1] – Seiza (正座) is the Japanese term for the formal way of sitting in Japan (kneeling with the tops of the feet flat on the floor and sitting on the soles). It is literally translated as “proper sitting”. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seiza

--- Chapter 20: Emperor / Merchant / Natsuki Subaru ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The fall of the Fortress City of Guaral, that was the next move in Abel’s scheme.

As his brain digested the contents of that bold proclamation, Subaru instantly reached a conclusion.

That it was an absurd plan.

Subaru: [Though imperfect, it’s a Fortress City… It’s surrounded by walls on all sides, plus entries and exits through the gates are being monitored constantly. It’s not a place where you can just say something like “surrender” so casually.]

Abel: [Ho, you speak as though you have seen it… Oh right, you have. As nothing particularly useful has been heard coming from your mouth, I had nearly forgotten.]

Subaru: [That sharp wit is very nice. But, that sharpness is only usable against opponents sitting down for discussions like this. It won’t work against armed opponents.]

In the middle of the meeting place, encircling the fire, Subaru and Abel glared at each other.

Abel let no emotion behind the oni mask peek through, but that just made it all the more impossible for Subaru to guess what was going through his head, leaving Subaru both annoyed and confused.

Right now, the legitimate concern Subaru harbored, there was no way Abel would not have likewise realized it.

And in spite of that, he had proposed something like the fall of the Fortress City――,

Rem: […You intend to use a byway to invade the city, is that what you are saying?]

While Subaru was holding his breath, a quiet voice murmured those words beside him; it was Rem’s.

Rem was sitting with her legs folded to one side, her light-blue eyes fixed intently on Abel. It was less of a glare, and more like her gaze was peering into him.

Receiving that look, “That goes without saying”, Abel shrugged.

Abel: [As Natsuki Subaru said, the inspections imposed at the main gates of the city are the first obstacle. It is imperative we find a way to evade them to get into the city.]

Rem: [Even supposing we got in, it looked like there was a large number of Imperial Soldiers within the city. Even ignoring the inspection, I think there would be too many enemies.]

Abel: [Hm.]

To Abel who was sorting the obstacles for the fall of Guaral, Rem gave a well-reasoned objection. Abel snorted at that attitude, but on the other hand Subaru’s bewilderment intensified.

The source of which was, of course, the figure of Rem directly arguing with Abel.

Concerning the content of her argument, Rem’s position could be said to be on the same side as Subaru, opposing an assault on Guaral.

However, her holding that viewpoint was really too fitting. ――As though during her short time sojourning in Guaral, she had completely made sure of that point.

Abel: [――Natsuki Subaru, what do you know of the difference between offensive and defensive military force in regards to battle?]

Subaru: [Ah? The difference between offensive and defensive military force, you say… Like, the Law of Threefold Attack?]

Abel: [The Law of Threefold Attack… Indeed, that is a perfectly fitting phrase.]

When asked, Subaru reflexively answered, and Abel nodded as if impressed.

The Law of Threefold Attack , was a theory of combat regarding military force, which stated that the attacking side should have three times the strength of the defending side.

This was due to the difference in the sense of objectives between offense and defense. The offensive side must defeat their opponents, whereas the defensive side could either defeat their opponents, repel them, or just avoid the attack, which was a significant advantage.

For example, in this instance, to procure Guaral Abel would have to command the Shudraqians to occupy the city, but the Imperial Soldiers and guards could withdraw from the attack and barricade themselves in the city to achieve their aim.

To cover for the difference for it to be possible to achieve the objectives, the idea was that such an amount of troops were needed, but――,

Subaru: [Three times the force of the city, there’s no way we could get something like that together. Mizelda-san, how many people are in this village, give-or-take?]

Mizelda: [Altogether, eighty-two people . Including Abel and that man… Flop, it’s at least a hundred .]

Subaru: [I’m not sure how you’re counting men with nice faces, but it’s merely a hundred. Though I’d roughly estimate there were more than three times that force in the city.]

Setting aside Mizelda’s method of calculation, Subaru estimated Guaral’s military strength to be in that ballpark.

The scale of the city probably did not reach 10,000 people in size, but there should be a suitable number of soldiers protecting the city’s law and order to match. And on top of that, the Imperial Soldiers whose camp had been torched would join them.

――Those Imperial soldiers, including Todd.

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [At the very least, it seems you possess some fundamental knowledge in that head of yours. Yet, the reason you held your tongue appears to be some other fear besides concern about the power differential.]

Subaru: […It’s true that there’s something I fear, but it’s also true that the power differential is dangerous.]

Subaru clicked his tongue, and tasted the discomfort of having his inner feelings correctly guessed.

In truth, when Subaru had heard of the plan to capture Guaral, the first obstacle that came to mind was Todd. Even just the thought of facing him again was enough to make his guts squirm.

Anyway, if they thought in accordance with The Law of Threefold Attack, it was not worth discussing.

Subaru: [As for a means to overcome the difference in strength, I can’t think of anything outside of a mighty warrior joining us or the enemy commander being fatally incompetent.]

Abel: [Unfortunately, I do not believe we can anticipate either of those. With the Shudraq’s abilities, we could scatter the masses of troops, but even if they used their numbers to surround us we would be defeated. Furthermore, I hear the enemy commanding officer is Zikr Osman. He is a solid and boring strategist, but he has no weak point.]

Subaru: [Zikr… I’ve heard that name.]

He must have heard that name from Todd, before their relationship had deteriorated.

The Imperial encampment had already been reduced to ashes, but he recalled the person in command of that military operation to be called Zikr.

However, since the camp had been burned, he had thought that person had been defeated as well.

Abel: [Those at the encampment were common soldiers. From the beginning, in order to conceal the primary objective, they were bestowed with minimal intelligence… Against a small tribe, a General Second-Class would not proceed to the front lines.]

Subaru: [So you’re saying the commanding officer remained in the city from the outset?]

Abel: [In truth, by doing nothing he ought to have achieved an adequate result. That plan went awry on my command… Ahh, and due to your presence, Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: [Guh…]

Maliciously, Abel tried to force Subaru to face the responsibility he was averting his eyes from.

At that, Subaru ground his teeth and pressed his hand to his mouth.

At any rate, there was a high probability that General Second-Class Zikr was stationed at Guaral.

The Empire’s upper ranks were said to be General First-Class, General Second-Class, General Third-Class and so on, so he could understand that a rank second from the top meant a pretty powerful person.

Subaru: [So what are you trying to say? On top of our inferior military strength, the enemy commander is a big shot counted among the elite. Furthermore, since we poked the beehive, they’ll also be on guard, right?]

Abel: [Precisely. Can you appreciate the weight of your responsibility?]

Subaru: [That’s not what I’m saying!]

Abel condemned Subaru for his thoughtlessness, but the problem lay elsewhere.

It was Abel’s stance of still refusing to give up the fight, even with an abysmal chance of success. Subaru resolutely maintained that it was pointless to even try.

In the first place――,

Subaru: [I am vehemently against fighting itself. That should’ve been very clear when I left here. I…I just want to go home with Rem.]

Abel: [Yet, that has already proved unfeasible. You think the Imperial Soldiers in Guaral are your only enemy? Are you convinced another village or town would be safe?]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [No matter where you go, your peace can no longer be secured. I intended to grant you the time to fully realize it, and let it seep into your blood. Or, is the poison still insufficient?]

Abel’s mocking gaze was starting to peck at Subaru’s feeble spirit.

Besides, as he felt pain like he was enduring great hardship, Subaru let out a long sigh; though annoying, he could not deny the truth of Abel’s words.

The suffering he had gone through in the Fortress City had created a mental barrier inside Subaru.

From now on, even if he attempted to take Rem and flee abroad, even if he went somewhere other than Guaral, the same vigilance and fear would not fade.

Subaru’s pride had been lost in exchange for five deaths.

Subaru: [――If that’s the case, what if I sell you out to the enemy?]

His way out blocked, and having been abused for thoughtlessness, Subaru asked the question, his face looking twisted.

In an instant, the words Subaru had uttered turned the air of the meeting room tense. At the edge of his vision, he could clearly see Rem next to him, her eyes wide.

However, the one he had threatened to sell out, Abel, gave a small laugh.

Abel: [Hmm. At last, your head appears to be beginning to function normally. And yet…]

Mizelda: [That’s not up for discussion, Subaru .]

In the blink of an eye, Mizelda drew her dagger and pressed the edge to Subaru’s neck.

Subaru gasped at her quick feat, and looked up at the face of the tall tribal chief who had moved instantaneously. Mizelda’s eyes conveyed a stubborn conviction on her beautiful face, they were the eyes of a ruthless huntress.

Mizelda: [We’ve already decided to fight together with Abel . That’s the result of the Lifeblood Ritual , if it’s the desire of the one we’ve recognized as a compatriot, there’s nothing for it .]

Subaru: […I get that for me, who borrowed your strength to bring back Rem, this is audacious to say. Honestly, are you all okay with that?]

Mizelda seemed resolute, but Subaru’s query jumped over her.

As chieftain, Mizelda must personify the way Shudraqians ought to be, and could not be persuaded. Even so, the other Shudraqians could have separate opinions.

The different opinions of those present, Taritta, Kuna, and Holly.

Subaru: [Just a moment ago, this guy also said as much. The gap in military strength is clear, and the opponent’s a greatly experienced courageous General. From the start, you can see you don’t stand a chance fighting him…]

Holly: [May be , Subaru’s got the wrong idea ~]

Subaru: [The wrong idea…?]

The first one to answer the question as Subaru searched for other opinions was surprisingly Holly.

At the edge of the meeting place, Holly, who had been listening to the conversation as she gnawed on some dried meat, fixed her eyes on Subaru, his movement prevented.

Holly: [If you’re talking about winning or losing , drawing back from here is also our loss ~. If we can’t fight for our compatriot , our spirit will be stained~ ]

Subaru: [A stain on your spirit, you say… Something like pride, or facing your ancestors, that kind of thing?]

Holly: [Yeah yeah , you got it, Subaru ~]

With a smile, Holly affirmed Subaru’s words.

But rather than that being evidence of mutual understanding, it was proof that they could not understand each other.

Subaru also understood that there were such points of view.

Things like pride and family honor, so to speak, were invisible vindications that did not directly contribute to one’s physical body ―― Thinking those were a matter of grave concern, certainly there existed attitudes that valued such things above all else.

Yet, as far as that went, it was a way of thinking that could not coexist with Subaru’s belief that there was nothing more important than life.

Subaru: [Kuna! Taritta-san! You two share the same opinion!?]

Kuna: […I don’t really think about it as deeply as Holly or the chief .]

Taritta: [――. I will abide by my older sister’s decision . Since that is my wish .]

Subaru: [I, see…]

He had fished for information from the other two as well, but Subaru was not able to get his desired response.

He had thought perhaps Kuna would, herself being a bit out of step with the other Shudraqians, but it seemed Subaru’s hope was misplaced. Taritta’s complete obedience to Mizelda went without saying.

As it was, Subaru was without allies, with a dagger against his neck, and it appeared the deadlock would drag on, but――,

Rem: […Mizelda-san, please withdraw your weapon. That person has no intention to hand Abel over to the enemy.]

The one requesting Mizelda pull back her dagger was none other than Rem herself.

Meeting her gaze, Mizelda narrowed those eyes of hers.

Mizelda: [Are you giving me an order, Rem ? You haven’t taken the Lifeblood Ritual . I permitted you into the village on Subaru’s request , but don’t think that means you can backtalk me .]

Rem: [So, that’s all the more reason you should pull back your weapon. That person undertook the ritual… the Lifeblood Ritual as you call it, and was welcomed as a compatriot. To wound him would not be a good thing.]

Mizelda: [Unh…]

Mizelda had tried to overpower Rem with her strengthened insight, but her undaunted retort left her at a loss for words. In the end, she swiftly returned her dagger to its sheath on her waist.

And like that Subaru was released, and he stared intently at Rem.

Mizelda: [What you said just now is correct . But, if Abel and Subaru’s opinions are divided again, I will side with Abel . Don’t forget it .]

Rem: [Is it because that person’s eyes are that of a heinous villain with fitting body odor?]

Mizelda: [A bit of sharpness in the eyes has charm too . But I have a fondness for beautiful faces .]

The touch-and-go situation had calmed down, but the ending exchange was a weak conversation.

In any case, Subaru was freed from the situation of nearly having his throat cut, and he gently rubbed the place where the knife’s edge had been pressed to. And then he looked intently at Rem.

Rem: [――. What is it?]

Subaru: […Nothing, I’m just lost as to whether I should respond to the fact you stood up for me or to the fact you disparaged my face.]

Rem: [I said nothing of your face. I spoke of your eyes. Then your body odor. My nose is wrinkling. Please sit further away.]

Subaru: [This again…!?]

Met with Rem’s glacial attitude, Subaru was hurt by the distance she made him sit away.

Yet inside his heart more complicated confusion plagued Subaru. In reality, why had she spoken up in defense of Subaru? He did not understand her true motive.

Nevertheless, maybe she disliked turning a blind eye to something illogical, or maybe it was something else. Maybe thinking that was Subaru’s bias?

After all, she had not unpacked at the inn in Guaral, so――.

Abel: [Our conversation was interrupted. However, even supposing you were able to evade the Shudraqians’ eyes, the idea of selling me over to the enemy is futile.]

Subaru: […Good job getting us back on track. While we’re at it, I’ll ask. Why’s that?]

Abel: [You also spent time in the city, albeit briefly. That being the case, did news of how the current Imperial Capital is being governed not reach your ears?]

Subaru: [The Imperial Capital you say… Ah! Right, that’s right! You’re…]

In sudden understanding, Subaru stood up on the spot without thinking. Then, as he focused on his visible surroundings he called out “Flop-san!”

Not having kept up with the change of affairs, the astonished Flop turned around with a “Yeah?”

Flop: [W-w-w-what is it Husband-kun? Honestly, I’m feeling extremely confused and bewildered right now, I’m becoming a mess! I’m not following this conversation in the slightest, all I know is it feels like we’re getting to the climax of the issue!]

Subaru: [Sorry for leaving you out of the loop, but confirm something for me. In Guaral you talked about the official notice from the Imperial Capital… or rather, about the Emperor’s proclamation.]

Flop: [The Emperor’s proclamation… You mean the trouble in the Imperial Capital?]

Flop snapped his fingers, and Subaru nodded at his understanding.

Immediately after, the intense fight with Todd, having been repeated six-fold, had been severely burned into his brain, but he had also exchanged such talk with Flop in Guaral.

Reflecting on the matter in question, Flop smoothed down his own long hair,

Flop: [Embers smolder in the Empire, and there’s some kind of disturbance in the Imperial Capital. The current Emperor has been reigning for a long time, and with no signs of civil war, imperial citizens have been enjoying peaceful days. But then this happened.]

Subaru: [Talk of trouble in the Imperial Capital has spread outside, and you said the Emperor himself had set out to resolve it, right? It was a kind of unusual announcement but…]

Flop: [Right. Actually, this is the first time since the current Emperor took the Throne. Nonetheless, he has an excellent track record managing the Empire so far. So I’m not worried! Viva Vollachia!]

Raising both hands, Flop unconsciously gouged Subaru’s old wound.

Those were the words extolling the Empire that he had heard so often in the Imperial encampment, but now Subaru did not have the presence of mind to innocently go along with it.

In any case, the problem was not the praise, but the movement of the Emperor that was spoken of just before.

That the Emperor was directly starting to move in order to suppress trouble in the Imperial Capital was an unprecedented situation. Not to mention, in the event that the Emperor were to do something like issuing a command before the public――,

Subaru: [The you that’s here now, who are you and what kind of position are you in? Can you prove you aren’t some crazy nutcase with a screw loose?]

Abel: [Proof you say? Where is the need for that?]

Subaru: [What?]

Sitting with his knee raised, Abel snorted at Subaru’s skepticism. At the same time, he put his hand on his chest and, like he was trying to flaunt his own existence, spoke,

Abel: [Never mind the thoughtless ones who have turned on me. Seeing as you have reached a point of no return, if you were to still treat me as an insolent person who speaks nonsense, how do you explain the situation you have found yourself in?]

Subaru: [That’s…]

Abel: [Cease latching onto facile ideas that cannot fool even yourself, merely to obtain peace of heart. If you exclude the possibilities that do not align together at the precise time, what is left is nothing but the truth.]

Abel’s statement was harsh, but Subaru bitterly understood the logic behind it.

The oni-masked man in front of him was a fake being disguised as an Emperor and Subaru and also the People of Shudraq were being deceived by his falsehoods. That kind of development would lead to doom beyond saving and above that, was hard to believe.

In reality, Abel had utilised the Shudraqians’ strength and the information obtained from Subaru to fight and win against the Imperial army. That real occurrence was something that could not be explained away by a habitual liar.

Subaru: [Then, what about the Imperial Capital stuff? If it’s said that the Emperor directly took command, there’s no way the Emperor wouldn’t come out in front of people.]

Abel: [I suppose they would then. A fake remarkably similar to myself… To halt mentions of the Emperor’s absence, an exceptionally well-made double is used. ――Chisha Gold.]

Subaru: [Chisha…?]

It was a name he had not heard before, but they were Abel’s――No, they were the Emperor’s body double.

In a land where the imperialistic “might makes right” ideology inhabited, it was easy to imagine that in preparation for assassinations, the Emperor would arrange for a body double.

However, having said body double be used by the enemy to usurp the seat of the Emperor was quite the misplacement of priorities.

Abel: [Silence, I am aware.]

Subaru: [Right, thanks to you, we’re in quite a mess. If only the Empire was at peace…]

The only problem Subaru needed to have was the salty interactions from the amnesiac Rem.

To reunite with Emilia and the others, a journey to struggle and escape the Vollachian Empire was to unfold. That was all it had to be. But now, due to some fate, they were in this mess.

Flop: [Um, um, ah, y’know, Husband-kun.]

The one who called out to the sour-faced Subaru was Flop.

Wrinkling the space between his eyebrows of his graceful face, he tilted his head at a rather steep angle and,

Flop: [I’ve been thinking about it ever since I heard it before, but what you’re talking about with Village Chief-kun is a bit mysterious, isn’t it? To be honest, I’m still shocked because of your joke about causing the fall of Guaral but…]

Subaru: [A joke… No, don’t mind that. Umm, Flop-san, I’ve been meaning to explain but.]

Flop: [Yes, please explain, if you could! If not, I have no choice but to agree to somewhat accept what I hear without question.]

Saying that, Flop whipped his finger to Abel and poked it out towards him.

Then――,

Flop: [I have to agree to the absurd idea that Village Chief-kun over there is His Excellency the Emperor himself!]

Subaru: [――――]

Flop: [Hohoho? I’m conflicted if you stay silent there, Husband-kun. Thankfully, I have a reputation for jumping to conclusions. That’s why I have the flexibility to change and withdraw my opinion, you know…]

Abel: [―― You , you have done something akin to drawing improperness into art.]

If they were trying to hide it, it was a conversation lacking the consideration to do so.

That was why, sitting next to Subaru, Flop was able to naturally reach the correct conclusion. And, being able to do so by himself, Abel was showing displeasure at that.

Putting disdain into his gaze, the one he insulted with “improper” was Subaru. He was pointing out how Subaru had not made any of the situation clear to Flop, having brought him into the Shudraqian settlement.

However, accepting Abel’s disdain was difficult for Subaru.

Subaru: [I’m improper? Like you could say that! First off, even I know that that’s not something you can say out loud all willy-nilly.]

Abel: [Then, finish your ascertainment before bringing them here. It seems you still lack an understanding of the current situation. While being chased by enemies in Guaral, the thinking time provided should have been more than enough.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [Putting something more important than yourself by your side, why did you give in to your thoughts? If you had no intention to line them beside yourself, bringing them back was a mistake from the start.]

Something more important than yourself . Being told that, Subaru thought about Rem beside him.

The words that followed that also hurt Subaru like his flesh being cut open. ――What Abel was trying to say was clear as day. He was speaking on how Subaru had left himself exposed at a time he should have been protecting Rem.

Of course, Subaru had no recollection of putting his guard down or giving in at all.

However, in the eyes of Abel, whose thought process spun far deeper and farther than Subaru could, Subaru’s own was severely lacking. It was never enough, and never worth considering.

Do not bring back someone who could not be trusted with the details. That was how he was being criticised.

Subaru thought to not involve Flop and Medium in things. Abel exposed Subaru’s naive thought and coldly discarded it, saying that it was idiotic and stupid.

Subaru: [I…]

Flop: [――Village Chief-kun! Could I interrupt this discussion for a moment?]

Subaru was at a loss for words; but in his place, Flop energetically raised his hand.

Noisily advancing forward, he dropped into a cross-legged position with a thud and faced Abel’s oni mask head on.

Flop: [Or, perhaps you are not the Chief? How should I address you?]

Abel: [As of now I bear no title. I have taken the name of Abel, but you may call me what you like.]

Flop: [Is that so! Then, I will keep calling you Village Chief-kun, because it feels right. The lady soldiers over there don’t mind right?]

Mizelda: [ Ahh , you’re a sexy man . I’ll allow anything .]

Taritta: [Sister…]

Putting aside the almost customary interaction between the sisters, Flop laughed with a “My thanks!”. As he did so, he strongly slapped his knees with his hands and,

Flop: [I’m scared because you didn’t deny it for the longest time, but I want to talk about what you said before the previous thing you said. Village Chief-kun, you wanted to ask about hidden routes into the city…?]

Abel: [Yes, I did. Any ideas, merchant?]

Flop: [I do! Is how it seemed I was going to answer, but apologies. If that’s going to be used to attack Guaral then I cannot answer.]

Putting a palm forward, Flop stated so with a cheerful expression.

Listening by his side, Subaru widened his eyes at Flop’s plain and resolute words. Even Abel had narrowed his eyes an inch from behind his oni mask.

That was how much seriousness Flop had put into his words, even if it did not show in his tone.

Abel: [――――]

Flop’s statement was rather wild and made him stand out, but that was not because he was stupid.

He had also come to the conclusion that the true identity of the man in front of him, of Abel, was that of someone of high class and esteem. He had not been told he was right or wrong, so he figured his conjecture was close to the truth.

Meaning, he had, against the presumed Emperor, answered with a big “NO”.

Abel: [… Do you comprehend the meaning of what you have said?]

Flop: [You are nothing but the chief, right Village Chief-kun? Of course I do. If swords were to cross, I will reject that. I want to avoid causing harm to someone with the knowledge I hold.]

Abel: [That is a fairytale. In reality, something like malice will attack you without considering your personal history. You would raise your fist against all of that and request for them to withdraw?]

Flop: [If need be!]

Abel: [Even if you do, your efforts will bear no fruit. ――This is the land of wolves.]

A ghastly, freezing aura emanating from Abel’s body pierced through the air as he stated that.

The dreadful feeling of oppression from that was not because of their difference in strength. It manifested from the difference of their presences. Even Rem and the People of Shudraq, who would overwhelm Abel if they were to fight, held their breath and froze up.

Of course, Subaru was intimidated too, to the point his breathing had become irregular. Flop was not excluded from this feeling too.

However, while Flop was hit by the Emperor’s dreadful aura――,

Flop: [Even in a land of wolves, sheep also live. If wolves were to come bite my buttocks, I would ride my ox cart and run away with my sister. I’ve repeated that over and over til this day, Village Chief-kun.]

Abel: [――――]

Even if his cheeks were frozen, Flop’s smile would not disappear. That was his protest.

Hearing that, the demonic aura emanating from Abel suddenly defused. The oppressive air that had swept over the meeting area suddenly disappearing, Subaru got back the ability to breathe freely.

Nevertheless, even if he had obtained some leeway to take a breath, Subaru’s heart was in no shape to return to normal.

Subaru: [Ahh, Flop-san…]

Subaru called over to Flop with a raspy voice. The smile Flop showed to Subaru as the latter glanced over to him was bright.

It was close to a wry smile, but the side profile of Flop showed no sign of regret. However, even if he were to hold no regrets, for Subaru, who had brought him here in the first place, his regret would only grow exponentially.

For Flop had directly opposed the Vollachian Emperor.

Using that reason to incur Abel’s displeasure, Abel could do anything to Flop as he held command of the people of Shudraq.

However, contrary to Subaru’s worries――,

Abel: [――. Opposing my lazy argument, I can see your belief does not waver. A troublesome one you are, are you not, merchant?]

Flop: [Is that right? Even so, I acknowledge that my appearance is favourable to people you know!]

Mizelda: [I agree .]

Pocketing his aura, Abel did not point his spear of anger towards Flop.

Flop reacted to that in a way that made it unclear if he realised how dangerous of a tightrope he was walking on. No comment on Mizelda’s remark.

Abel: [I shall withdraw my gratitude from before, Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Subaru, unable to restore a sense of peace in his heart from before, was spoken to by Abel.

From behind his oni mask, the man with a sharp gaze nodded towards the stubborn Flop and,

Abel: [Your self-awareness is lacking but, if you were planning to bring someone, you should have brought someone more aligned to my interests. That way, things would be done without future complications.]

Subaru: […If it were someone like that, I doubt they’d have been kind to us in the first place.]

Abel: [Hm, I suppose that judgement is correct. How aggravating.]

If the earlier gratitude had been given for bringing Flop along, then the obstinance Flop had shown certainly made Abel want to retract the commendation.

No way, Flop was snapping at the Emperor’s authority directly―― No, he should say he was eluding it like a willow. Subaru had not thought there were people who would take such a stance.

Not to mention, it had also been unexpected that Abel would tolerate such an attitude from Flop.

Rem: [I expected Abel-san to be more obstinate.]

Subaru: [Hold on, Rem!?]

Rem’s brief comment seemed to reflect Subaru’s heart, and his eyes widened involuntarily.

In truth he also found that surprising, but he had not spoken because he thought there was nothing to be gained by saying it. It had come from Rem, and Abel’s oni mask turned toward her.

The oni and the oni mask faced one another, and for a moment the space between both of them yielded silence.

Abel: [――People with convictions are worrisome. Strong roots spread, and build up strength in the trunk.]

Rem: […What, does that mean?]

Abel: [You cannot tell? No matter, it is a trifle.]

Rem knit her brow, hearing Abel’s quiet and somewhat uncharacteristic response. Displaying some disappointment towards Rem’s reply, Abel loosely shook his head.

No one knew the reason for his disappointment. Subaru however, could roughly guess as to what it was.

Subaru: [… Were you alluding to something?]

Abel: [Hoh, that was unexpected. You do not look like the type of person to have received an education.]

Subaru: [I figured it was something of the sort. You sounded like you were quoting someone else.]

Hearing Abel unexpectedly talk like a normal person was surprising.

However, the person in question, Abel, heeded no mind in having his true thoughts revealed and answered shortly with an “I see.”

Abel: [As for your question from before, to say it was unexpected of me, you have quite the impression of me, do you not? First off, what did you expect me to do?]

Rem: […I thought for sure you would at least torture them for information.]

Questioned by Abel, the impression that Rem left with her answer was that of being too honest.

Saying that however, it was not an option that Subaru had not considered as well. If Abel wanted to make Flop obey to his will, it would be unsurprising if he ordered the Shudraqians to torture or perform other similar things to him.

Except, Abel shrugged his shoulders at those words and replied saying “It is useless.”

Abel: [Certainly, there are times when pain is the best negotiation tactic. However, the veracity of the information extracted from that method is extremely low. Humans will lie without hesitation to free themselves from the pain before them.]

Rem: [――――]

Abel: [And were you in such a scenario, your eyes tell me you would shield them with your life.]

That was how Abel assessed Rem, who was motionlessly directing her stare at him.

Looking at Rem’s side profile, her jaw was clenched shut and her pretty features were on the verge of being wiped away by a look of grim resolve. Her side profile made clear that Abel’s brief assessment was true.

Abel: [I will not risk a foolish action that may reduce my troops in exchange for information low in accuracy. ――Therefore, I will negotiate.]

Flop: [Negotiate?]

Abel: [Merchant, I will buy any knowledge you possess. Let us negotiate for that.]

Abel said, while lowering his raised knee and plunking down into a cross-legged position. Hearing that, Flop widened his eyes and faced Abel with a smile on his face.

Then――,

Flop: [When I hear the word negotiation, as a merchant, I can’t help but get excited. However! Before we start negotiating, let me get one thing straight. I’m very stubborn. Even if my head were to be split and smashed open, I won’t comply with anything I can’t agree on.]

Such was his declaration.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Even if your head were to be split open, that’s not funny at all… It’s not funny at all, Flop-san.]

Recalling Flop’s caustic words that kicked off the negotiation battle just before, Subaru made a bitter face.

Flop did not do it purposely, but having seen his head be split and smashed open multiple times in reality, his words had the impact of a surprise attack on Subaru.

Subaru: [――――]

Narrowing his eyes, Subaru looked over at the meeting area from a hill slightly away.

Even now, in the meeting area, Abel and Flop’s negotiations, or “business talks”, were underway.

Abel wanted a foothold, required for the conquest of Guaral. Flop had the knowledge needed for that task, yet was not revealing it. That was the situation inside at the moment.

The reason Subaru had left the meeting area was because it was ordered that anyone unneeded for the negotiations was to be excluded. Basically, he was ordered out by Abel.

And, Subaru himself could not come up with a reason for him to stay at that place.

Subaru: [Using secret paths to enter the city, a blitzkrieg attack to go straight for the enemy general’s throat.]

Kicked out of the meeting, Subaru savoured the jungle-smelling wind as he recollected his memories.

From what he had heard, the plan Abel had outlined was something like that.

Although simple, it was difficult to come up with any other plan that would overcome the difference in manpower. If there was anything to change or add, it would be to attract attention in the city with a diversion, or perform little tricks to reduce the enemy general’s guards.

As for any problems with the plan――,

Subaru: [ Simple plans are easily anticipated. At least I think so… Especially if Todd is against us.]

If there were no other methods of attack, then of course, the opponent would also take precautions against it.

Therefore, a plan that the enemy was already taking precautions against was, in baseball terms, something like throwing a straight ball right down the middle. From the perspective of the awaiting enemy, it would be a mouth-watering, easy ball to bat.

For Todd to miss this swing, Subaru could not fathom the idea of that happening.

Subaru: [Or am I being too paranoid? In the extreme case Todd was… If the average soldier is like Todd, then there’s no chance of winning.]

He did not know. There were far too many unknowns. But, he did not want that to be true.

He did not want to think of a scenario in which enemies like Todd existed, other than Todd. His affinity with Return by Death being the worst had been proven by pain, having piled up the most deaths in the shortest amount of time.

To think that that was the norm for the Vollachian Empire was――,

???: [――The negotiations seem to be dragging on.]

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru had at some point covered his face with his hands and shut his vision off from the world.

While Subaru was staring into the black void, the voice of a girl he had gotten used to hearing reached his eardrums. He had gotten used to hearing it, but it was a voice he wanted to always continue listening to.

However, that was only when Subaru’s heart and feelings were at peace.

Subaru: [Rem…]

Lowering the hands covering his face, Subaru nervously opened his eyelids. Resting on her cane, Rem stood quietly on the gentle slope of the hill. Her gaze pierced through Subaru, causing him to go rigid.

Right now, being able to stand face-to-face with Rem like this made his heart throb.

During the days spent coming back to the People of Shudraq’s settlement, Subaru had focused his anger on Abel, because his actions were equivalent to setting them up in a trap.

In doing so, it could be said he was avoiding talking with Rem. In reality, that was not wrong. He was scared of conversing with her and finding out about her true intentions.

That was why, he averted his eyes from the things he did not like and attempted a makeshift solution.

Nevertheless, there was a limit on how much he could run from the things he did not like.

There was a limit, and henceforth――,

Subaru: [――――]

Right now, he had no choice but to face himself against her eyes filled with seriousness.

Rem: [Abel-san seems to be adding various conditions and such, but Flop-san doesn’t seem to be budging at all.]

Subaru: […Yeah, he’s a good person. He doesn’t want to help by providing knowledge that could get someone hurt. Being surrounded by the Shudraqians, he has some serious courage to be able to say that.]

Subaru had overseen the progress of the negotiations for a while but Flop’s stubbornness was exactly as he proclaimed.

The focal point of the discussion was as expected, the casualties in the City of Guaral. People and material things――Flop had made clear that he would not compromise on both those things.

Abel promised to minimise the human casualties as much as possible, but that was not enough to be the deciding factor.

Like parallel lines, they could not meet and reach an agreement.

Towards Flop’s stubborn attitude, Subaru also felt relief.

Shunning war, he rebutted Abel head on.

He was relieved that another person of such ilk was here, other than him.

However――,

Rem: [I don’t think this is the type of situation where you can simply say he is a good person.]

Subaru: […What?]

In opposition to Subaru who affirmed himself to Flop’s attitude, Rem quietly revealed her strong criticisms.

Surprised at the bite of her words, Subaru unconsciously stared at Rem. Though difficult to meet face-to-face with, and despite his wish to avoid it, in his field of vision, Rem stared straight at Subaru.

Without dropping her gaze, she continued on.

Rem: [He doesn’t want to hurt others with his knowledge. I understand those feelings. But… if you think about the overall situation, him included, how will he account for the casualties that will arise because he didn’t share his knowledge. Couldn’t you say that would be hurting others with knowledge as well?]

Subaru: [That’s just an argument for argument’s sake. Trying to blame Flop for all the casualties brought about because he doesn’t talk, that’s just a false accusation.]

Rem: [That may be right. But, I do not think it’s realistic to be constantly running away.]

Abel had declared that this was the Land of Wolves. And against that, Flop had proclaimed that sheep would run.

That was a fairytale, was what Rem pessimistically――No, realistically thought, and said. She was yet another person who had stepped foot into Guaral. The tenacity and relentlessness of the Imperial Soldiers seeped deep into her bones.

Could they shake off that oppressive pursuit again?

Under determined opposition and not vague malicious intent, could Flop, with Medium, keep running to the ends of the world?

And, could Subaru’s group, who shared the same fate as them, be able to――.

Subaru: [Hang, hang on Rem. What you’re saying is crazy. You also said before that you didn’t want there to be a battle. But, the way you’re saying it now…]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [It’s like you’ve accepted that we have to fight.]

His throat trembled. Subaru was unable to get his words out properly.

But, just like how it was said that the eyes could say more than the mouth, in Subaru and Rem’s precarious conversation, it was not just their words that spelled out their feelings. Their gazes did too.

The grim resolve that coloured her eyes was the same as the one when she had defended Flop against Abel. That was what Subaru thought.

Subaru: [… It hurts that I can’t understand you.]

Seeing that attitude of hers on display, Subaru spit out the honest feelings floating in his heart.

She had criticised Flop for following Subaru’s beliefs, but she regarded Subaru with the same eyes she used when defending Flop, when the latter was laying out his beliefs.

She had defended Subaru from Abel but she had not unpacked at the inn in Guaral. The interactions between the awakened Rem and Subaru were always inconsistent and one-way.

From the bottom of his heart, he was happy that she had woken up.

The sadness that assaulted him due to her memories not returning, he believed that they could find a way to solve that problem.

Nevertheless, in the Empire, where there was nobody he could trust from the bottom of his heart, from where he had to bring Rem back to Emilia and the others, her uncooperative attitude was like a knife piercing through his leg.

Every time that would happen, he would be on the verge of hunching over in pain.

Subaru: [… You didn’t unpack at the inn in Guaral, right? Thanks to that, we reduced the time needed to escape, but I always thought it was weird.]

Rem: [That was…]

Subaru: [The average person, after reaching an inn, will relax and settle down or start unpacking their luggage. At least, that’s what I think. Of course, it’s always possible that you aren’t that sort of person. But…]

He did not want to finish the rest of that sentence.

If he could continue averting his eyes he would, but now that he felt he could not avoid questioning Rem on her inexplicable attitude, he could not continue averting his eyes.

That was why――,

Subaru: [But, you tried to run away from me again, didn’t you?]

Rem: [――――]

Rem’s silence was piercing. Subaru felt the blood coursing through his body.

However, a scab already peeled had no use. Letting the blood flow, heeding no mind to the exposed wound, he could only peel it off. Enduring the pain.

Subaru: [If… If you can’t believe me, that’s fine. It’s painful, but I get it. You don’t have any memories and for you, my smell reeks like that of someone unforgivable. Also I don’t have anything to prove that you can trust me. I understand why you can’t believe me and want to distance yourself from me.]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [But, the people waiting for you… The people who hold you dear in their hearts, are real. If you don’t like me, you don’t have to talk to me. I’ll endure it if you bat my hands away. But, please don’t try to leave.]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [I’m begging you, so, please… Please don’t shut me out from your life.]

His begging voice was shaking, his eyes were on the verge of tears.

Whether those droplets of tears that gradually appeared were the result of his self-pity, or of his petition to Rem, was unknown even to himself.

Truly, he was just being exceedingly pathetic. It was so absurd it made him laugh.

Even if he was not given up on, it would not be surprising were he to be abandoned because of his begging right now.

――He continued to expose his hopeless and pitiful self in front of Rem.

It was a sight he would definitely not show to Emilia, Beatrice or his other friends.

At least, Subaru intentionally strived to not show it to his friends. Never mind if he was able to actually achieve that, that was what he had done now.

Because he had decided to show his weakness only in front of Rem.

However, that did not mean that he wanted Rem, amnesiac, with no one to rely on, alone in another country, to shoulder the heavy weight that was Natsuki Subaru. That was not at all what he desired.

Rem: [――――]

Hearing Subaru’s shameful begging, Rem would not say a word in return.

Nonetheless, Subaru did not avert his blurry, tear-filled gaze from her. Neither did she avert her gaze from Subaru.

A brief silence enveloped the space between them.

Rem: [――I.]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [I was not trying to abandon you.]

Rem said awkwardly, choosing her words carefully.

That was an emotion Rem had yet to show Subaru. Not even once.

She spoke to the person she should be wary of, with consideration and care. She spoke devoid of a wish  to hurt his feelings.

Her words did not sound like she was speaking desperately and without thinking. Her tone made him believe that. Or it could be that that was also Subaru’s hope speaking for him.

Subaru: [Are you…]

Relying on that thin ray of hope, the thread of hope he should not be relying on, Subaru searched for the right words.

What was Rem thinking? What did she wish for? What did she believe in to put those words to her mouth?

Not even knowing if he should be informed of the answers to those questions, Subaru just wanted to hear her voice more, and tried to continue his sentence.

However――,

???: [Aaaa, uuuu!!]

Subaru: [Guoh!?]

Faster than he could continue, a force jumped at him around his waist, and Subaru’s body blurred as it was launched to the side.

Unable to support his body at all, Subaru was blown away, sent sprawling on top of the hill. The atmosphere from before being ripped to shreds, Subaru’s head spun as he opened his eyes wide to try and make sense of the situation.

???: [Lou! Don’t sit on top of Suu! That’s bad! Uu tried to stop her . Lou was the one who did it .]

Subaru: [U-Utakata…? Meaning, this is…]

The one who ran over with an almost comical pitter-patter footstep, was a slightly flush olive-skinned Utakata. And, the one who was getting her sleeve pulled by Utakata, sitting atop Subaru’s chest, was the young girl who bundled her long, golden hair behind her head――,

Rem: [Louis-chan, please come down. That person’s going to get squished.]

Louis: [Uuu?]

Overwriting her joyful and smiley face with a question mark, the one who craned her neck towards Rem’s words was Louis.

Resting her bottom on Subaru’s chest, Louis patted Subaru’s cheeks without a care in the world. It was, however, her carefreeness that got on Subaru’s nerves in the first place.

Subaru: [We’re in the middle of an important conversation. Get off now.]

Louis: [Aaa?]

Subaru: [Don’t aaa me. Utakata, please?]

Utakata: [I’ll listen cause Suu asked for it . Uu is a good wife and a good mother. ]

Did she understand what that meant? In any case, Utakata pulled Louis’ arm to get her off Subaru’s chest. The pressure on him disappearing, Subaru raised his body up on the spot.

Even then, an unsatisfied-looking Louis entered his immediate field of view, and Subaru became annoyed.

Subaru: [In the end, there hasn’t been an answer as to what you are.]

Sin Archbishop, the evil being, “Gluttony”, Louis Arneb.

If he were to pick some choice words to decorate the blonde girl in front of him with, he could think of many foul and uncomplimentary remarks. However, even if all those words were what correctly described her before, her current self did not match up with that.

That evil girl did not save Subaru, listen to him, or carelessly laugh towards him.

However――,

Louis: [Uuu?]

Louis craned her neck. Her actions until now flashed in his mind.

Saving him when Rem had been choking him. She had cried out and faced the many predicaments Subaru had been through, alongside him. Even the most recent one, being Todd and his axe.

The memory of her receiving Todd’s elbow hit and bleeding from the nose was still fresh in his mind.

Her face had no sign of the previous injury, and she acted as if that event had no negative bearing on her at all. That was infuriating in a way, but――,

Rem: [Louis-chan.]

Louis: [Uuu!]

Beckoned, Louis quickly changed her expression into a happy one and ran over to Rem’s side.

As if she had learned how to jump on the cane-ridden Rem, Louis jumped on Rem with not too much force. Rem caught Louis and gave her head some soft pats.

She had caught the Sin Archbishop who was one of the reasons for her current state. She had caught one part of them, Louis Arneb.

Rem: [Those eyes of yours…]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Rem: [The eyes with which you look at this child. It puzzles me too. This child, she’s so attached to you, and yet you…]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem uttered while hugging Louis‘ small body. Subaru fell silent.

Was that the continuation of her interrupted words from before? The Rem who did not unpack at Guaral, the continuation of that would shine a light on the rest of the truth.

However, despite waiting, Rem did not say another word beyond that. She only wrapped the beaming Louis into her chest.

Subaru: [… What do you want me to do?]

Looking over at Rem, Subaru finally chose to use conclusive words.

It might have been an unfair method to make Rem give him an answer. However, if Rem were to brush aside all of Subaru’s chosen words and actions, this was the only option left.

What did Rem wish for, and what did she want him to do? He had to ask her directly.

On top of that, if the answer she brought out was something Subaru could not achieve for her, then it would be that time for sure that their relationship might become unsalvageable. Knowing that, Subaru asked her fearfully.

She held her breath for a moment against Subaru’s question, and,

Rem: [… I do not want it to turn into a battle.]

Said that.

Subaru could accept that too. In reality, when the Imperial Army’s camp had been reduced to ashes, she thought that Subaru had spearheaded that attack and so flared up at him with a strong, threatening attitude.

Rem did not wish for a war. She did not favour it. That was no mistake.

That was why he understood that her opinion had not changed.

However, just when Subaru was convinced of this fact, she added on that.

That was――,

Rem: [But I don’t think we can keep running forever. Flop-san’s words are not realistic. And…]

Subaru: [You can’t agree with Abel’s opinion.]

Rem: […Yes.]

Quietly nodding, Rem agreed with Subaru’s question.

Her timid agreement, it was the sign that she held the awareness that the words she spoke were outrageous. And, of course they were.

She agreed with Flop’s stance on not wanting to fight, she also agreed with Abel on his stance that they had no choice but to fight. That was an ideology that could be said to be an incarnation of opportunism.

In all honesty, even Subaru thought how good it would be if a fence-sitter opinion like that worked out.

Fighting was not desired. But fighting was an inevitable outcome.

They did not want to take lives. Yet, they were at the forefront of a fight where taking lives was inevitable.

They must confront a dichotomy that involves lives.

Rem: [Could you…]

Subaru: [Ah?]

Making a bitter face, Subaru agreed with Rem’s contradictory thinking. However, to that anguishing Subaru, Rem flicked her gaze towards him.

Holding Louis’ head to her chest, she directed her helpless-looking light blue eyes towards Subaru.

Subaru held his breath. As if she quietly hardened her resolve she――,

Rem: [――Could you do something about this?]

She asked as if she were clinging onto him for an answer.

Subaru: [――――]

The moment he received that question, Subaru froze as if struck by lightning.

It was… That was a completely… A completely unreasonable question.

Compared to Subaru, who thought himself to be unfair and cowardly, this question was far, far worse.

The want to not fight, the knowledge that there was no choice but to fight. A third answer that was neither of those choices. ――That was what Rem wished from Subaru.

Why?

Forgetting everything and anything, her trust and affection for Subaru had been lost. She also held caution and disgust because of the foul smell that surrounded Subaru. And yet, why had she asked that of Subaru.

Why did Rem look at Subaru with eyes that looked like she was holding onto him.

Subaru: [――――]

That extremely one-sided, even selfish question started a fire in Natsuki Subaru.

Even if he were to get angry, curse her out loudly and denounce her naiveness now, he would no doubt be forgiven.

That was how selfish the option Rem chose was.

However, what grew in Subaru at that moment was a sense of duty that arose from the very bottom of his soul.

Subaru: [I…]

He must fight.

He must resist.

He knew that he must break open the present as it was now.

Evading combat, the person stopping himself from revealing his information. Flop O’Connell.

Preparing himself from the unavoidable battle, the person who would win his survival. Vincent Abellux.

In the situation they were in now, the inevitable pathways that these two held.

The person that must find an answer; a pathway that was different from these two answers. Natsuki Subaru.

Why was that? That was because――,

Subaru: [――I’m the hero that Rem believed in.]

And also because he was the man that kept on fighting in this other world using only his unwillingness to give up as a weapon.

It was not just his philosophy, the philosophy that did not function just because he crossed borders, that let Natsuki Subaru keep walking until today. That was what he believed.

Meeting Emilia, saved by her, the days spent running to save her.

Clutching Beatrice’s hand, bringing her out of the Forbidden Library, his promise to be together with her.

Saving Rem, being saved by her, loved by her and deciding that he would answer her faith and love.

――Natsuki Subaru’s blood boiled as he strived to change this current, constrained situation.

Something, anything, was there nothing at all?

The days spent in the Kingdom of Lugunica, the days spent since being blasted into the Vollachian Empire, the people he had met, the enemies he had faced, the people who stood next to him, the people who stood opposite him. All of them became fuel.

Think, concentrate, imagine, grasp all the possible possibilities.

In this world, where anyone and everyone was more successful than him, the option that was left for Natsuki Subaru was only one. ――His scrappy lifestyle and shrewdness.

Then, then, then, then――.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Hit by his uselessness, ruled over by a sense of loss, and with nothing else to do, Subaru had left the meeting area.

In that Subaru, in that Subaru’s mind, a thought appeared with a flash.

Reeling in that clownish possibility, Subaru seriously considered if he could convert this thought into an actual plan.

Rem: [――――]

Towards the silent Subaru, Rem’s eyes quietly stared.

Putting a hand on Louis, who looked like she was about to cause a commotion and holding Utakata back, her head tilted, so that she would not leak any words out, she stared at Subaru.

Despite the fact she was not supposed to possess any memories, she stared at him with the eyes she had when she did.

As if she believed that Natsuki Subaru could reach the answer that others could not reach.

And then――,

Subaru: [――Rem]

Holding a hand on his chin, Rem straightened herself at Subaru’s call.

There was no answer. She somehow understood that he did not want one.

However, not noticing her reaction, Subaru quietly held his breath and continued.

Subaru: [What would I do if it were up to me? I found the answer.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Lumbering, advancing with strong steps on the hard ground, the doors to the meeting area were pushed open.

Looking at the newly-appeared Subaru, the man donning a oni mask flared his nose in dissatisfaction. His attitude conveyed that he had been uncalled for.

Abel: [What is it, Natsuki Subaru? A person like you, one who cannot provide a constructive opinion, has no role for an appearance.]

He had actually been told in reality that he was not called for, and yet, Subaru’s legs did not stop.

Even if he had forgiven Flop’s disrespect, Abel would most likely not forgive Subaru for his, as Subaru held no reverence for him. Feeling the gazes of the faces still remaining in the meeting area, Subaru pressed his legs straight forward.

Standing right next to Abel, looking down at his oni mask up close,

Subaru: [Any developments? You arrogant shit.]

Abel: [――――]

Extending his hand, Subaru forcefully peeled the oni mask off Abel’s face.

Mizelda and the other Shudraqians widened their eyes in surprise at his unhesitant action. It went without saying, but Flop too was shocked, laying his eyes upon Abel’s true face for the first time.

However, the others’ actions did not enter his eyes.

Towards Subaru’s question, Abel shifted his demonic face into a cruel expression that would run a chill up anyone’s spine. He shook his head curtly, saying “No,”

Abel: [Negotiations are progressing roughly. Contrary to expectations, this merchant is hard to crack.]

Subaru: [Is that so. Then, since you’re so terrible at being persuasive, I’ll persuade him for you.]

Abel: [What?]

Abel furrowed his nicely-shaped eyebrows together. Seeing his face, Subaru looked down at Abel with satisfaction.

Next, Subaru turned to face Flop.

Because a conclusion had not been made, Flop was in the middle of arguing with the presumed Emperor head on. Taken aback by the difference in Subaru’s expression and attitude, Flop called over to Subaru, saying “Husband-kun?”.

Then, towards the two that held differently shaped doubts, Subaru declared.

The contents of that declaration were――,

Subaru: [――I have a plan for the bloodless fall of Guaral. If we can fight without any bloodshed, then the two of you can agree on a plan together, don’t you think?]

--- Chapter 21: Zikr Osman ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Zikr Osman, General Second-Class of the Vollachian Empire, was known as The Womanizer.

There were many words to describe him, like sex-obsessed, lecherous, and lustful.

For an Imperial Soldier who had to set an example of true strength and gain the respect of his fellow officers, it was a rather disgraceful set of terms.

However, Zikr Osman himself liked being known as The Womanizer.

――No, it would not be an exaggeration to say he took pride in it.

The reason why?

It was because Zikr hated the nickname he had been given before being dubbed The Womanizer.

For a soldier, to be called by such a nickname, was an unbearable humiliation. Thus, he proudly paraded the title of Womanizer, which made his fellow soldiers forget that other nickname.

Anyway, although called such, the meaning of Zikr being labelled The Womanizer differed from that of so-called Casanovas or from the vices of the sort of men who looked down on women.

The Osman household had produced a lineage of soldiers for generations, but in Zikr’s generation the blood had been unbalanced, and, for some reason, the family had only sired females. Born and raised in an environment with four elder sisters and six younger ones, Zikr spent his childhood without even one brother.

Growing up surrounded by sisters on all sides, like most people, Zikr was instilled with various preconceived notions relating to women.

But what made him different from most people whose illusions about women were lost due to the existence of female family members, he instead sought fantasies and idealized outside women.

And then, he parted from his sisters, saddened to let go of their adorable and kind brother, and he started his career as an Imperial Soldier at a young age, making contact with outside women for the first time, and he cracked.

Ever since then, women had been like an ephemeral dream for Zikr Osman, an existence between ideal and reality, a forbidden fruit mixed with love and hate.

Having been raised being knocked about by a great number of women in his family, Zikr held a strong desire to treat women kindly, while also being treated kindly by them. Therefore, he considered it a supreme pleasure to serve women and to be served by them, which he put into practice.

This attitude differed from most of the dominant men of the Empire, which combined with jealousy and contempt for his precise tactics and safe victories, led to the name “Womanizer”.

But, as said at the beginning, Zikr Osman enjoyed that sobriquet.

“The Womanizer”, was it not rather splendid? After all, there were more men who liked women than disliked them, which brought opportunities to speak with many officers.

Zikr’s stance was clear and left no doubt, and his subordinates, knowing their superior officer’s taste, naturally looked up to him as the Womanizer, and respected him.

――”The Womanizer”, was it not rather splendid?

Zikr Osman was the man who had risen to the rank of an Imperial General Second-Class, despite being called such.

With the Emperor ousted from his throne, to squeeze the life out of him, his political opponents had chosen the very best within the limits of their dominion, which was none other than he.

It was surely the threatening General called The Womanizer, Zikr Osman.

△▼△▼△▼△

From the beginning, Zikr had a hunch that something about the expedition smelled fishy.

Military exercises were held in the area around the Buddheim Jungle in the eastern part of the Empire every year, but this year they had been held earlier, and, including Zikr, only a portion of the commissioned officers had been notified of the expedition’s purpose―― Negotiations with the People of Shudraq.

Zikr: [The People of Shudraq hiding in Buddheim…]

An indigenous people that lived in the Buddheim Jungle, the tribe was known for having a long history.

They were also famous for not emerging out of the considerably-dense jungle, and Zikr had never encountered them first-hand. But, he had heard that they were a matriarchal tribe, and he wished to meet them just once.

Living deep in the jungle, their approach of capturing outside men for use as tools to produce children was also fascinating. Likely, they were all strong, indomitable women, he thought.

Women were good. Strong or weak, gentle or harsh, all flavors.

After all, they could not all be lumped together. Older sisters, and younger sisters too, had times when they were gentle and times when they were harsh, times when they were sweet and times when they were bitter.

If a single woman displayed such kaleidoscopic splendor, how could one think of lumping multiple women together?

Therefore――,

Zikr: [To make them swear fealty, or be destroyed… What is the Imperial Capital thinking?]

That was the secret order given behind closed doors to Zikr, before he departed for the expedition.

Word from the Imperial Capital Lupugana affirmed that this expedition’s true purpose was to either win over the People of Shudraq, or annihilate them. He attempted to ascertain that there was no mistake, but the reply from the Imperial Capital remained immutable, and Zikr had no choice but to comply.

However, he had heard about some kind of trouble brewing within the Imperial Capital, so he could imagine that had something to do with the purpose of the expedition on this occasion.

That much was clear from the fact that the common soldiers had been ordered to execute this plan while the purpose of the expedition was hidden from them. ――What His Excellency the Emperor was thinking, Zikr had no idea.

Zikr: [But then, no one can read that gentleman’s deeper intentions, can they?]

――The Seventy-Seventh Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia.

That was the name of the one who ruled over this Empire, the wisest man of this age, who never allowed others to read the depths of his thoughts.

In the Crystal Palace of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, His Excellency the Emperor was considered to have a clear view of the entire vast Empire. Even though Zikr was a General Second-Class, his post was far removed from the Imperial Capital, and he had little opportunity to see his countenance. Yet, his ingenuity and renown crossed the distance to reach Zikr’s ears.

Within an imperial society in which the strong consumed the weak, greedily climbing was seen as an inevitability.

In a world in which various clans and locales revolted, and the live coals of insurrection would flare up every day, Vincent crushed every problem before it could become a raging inferno.

In the eight years since the inception of his reign, the Vollachian Empire had become astonishingly peaceful.

Blood was spilled, flames were fanned, and lives were lost.

And still, these were the most tranquil days since the founding of the Vollachian Empire.

Therefore, this completely thorough approach towards the People of Shudraq caused Zikr to furrow his brow.

Though he was a perfect son of battle, His Excellency the Emperor avoided battle in some respects. It was not that he loathed war, but that he had deemed it foolishness, and that was the reason for his decisions. That was the supposition Zikr embraced of his own accord.

Perhaps this feeling was because of a sense that he had been betrayed?

???: [No, it’s not like that, General Second-Class Zikr. I understand your thinking, sir. I’m just a common soldier myself, but I also have to consider all sorts of things.]

Said one of the common soldiers, listening to him with a charming smile.

They were having a moment in a tavern while they were stationed in the Fortress City of Guaral, where the expedition was based. On the nights that Zikr did not spend with women, he enjoyed drinking with his subordinates in such a manner. And in addition, rather than a retinue of high-ranked officers or Generals of the Third-Class, he would drink with lower-ranked ordinary soldiers.

Of course, most soldiers did not particularly want to drink alcohol with their superiors.

Even so, Zikr liked such rituals whenever he went on expeditions, as it helped him understand the thoughts and preferences of the subordinates he traveled with. ――But on this night, he may have said a bit too much.

The soldier he was drinking with that day was an awfully talkative, chatty sort.

As they drank, he was always looking around, brimming with curiosity. When asked what he was thinking about, he joked that he was hypothesizing what would happen if the tavern turned into a battlefield.

An attitude of constant combat readiness, and a lack of timidness towards his superior officer’s company. Such an Imperial mindset combined with his personal affection towards humanity led to him speaking of things he ought not to.

It was not like he had declared the contents of the secret order regarding the People of Shudraq, and though he did not state it explicitly, he got the feeling it was clear from how he had been listened to.

Had he been a spy from another country, Zikr would be executed for such a blunder.

Soldier: [You don’t have to worry, I’ll even be on the frontlines tomorrow by your order, sir… Really, I’m sure the higher-ups have all sorts of motives, but it’s nothing to do with me.]

As his drunkenness faded and Zikr came to his senses, the soldier spoke as if to reassure him.

And then just as he had stated, he had departed for the encampment of the expedition at the frontlines, the camp site adjacent to the Buddheim Jungle.

This was confirmed, and as he remained in the city Zikr was once again faced with a lump of unease in his chest.

In spite of the Imperial Capital’s order for a completely thorough approach to the Shudraqians, urging either subjugation or death, if at all possible, Zikr intended to stick to a persuasive approach.

That was what Zikr put his faith in, and what he thought was closest to His Excellency the Emperor’s conviction.

However――,

Zikr: [――The camp was burned down in a Shudraqian attack?]

Receiving the unexpected report at the requisitioned city hall, Zikr was aghast.

Until last night, up till that very moment, he had intended to do as much as possible to accommodate the Shudraqians, and win over their tribe without a fight.

The camp had been set up in order to wall in the western side of the Buddheim Jungle, and when several of those from the People of Shudraq had charged, the Imperial Soldiers were routed without so much as a counterattack.

Those who fled were struck in the back, furthering the extent of the damage, leading to over a hundred casualties.

Zikr: [Ridiculous…]

Whether he was grumbling about his own decisions, the actions of the Shudraqians, or just the reality of it, even Zikr himself did not know.

Nevertheless, the amicable plan he had constructed in his head had collapsed, and the only thing that was certain was that the People of Shudraq had become enemies of his own Imperial Soldiers―― No, of His Excellency the Emperor.

Zikr: [It is a shameful circumstance, but we will wait for reinforcements from the Imperial Capital, and defeat the Buddheim Jungle insurgents.]

Once they had received the soldiers who had narrowly escaped the Shudraqians’ raid into the city, and the appearance of an expeditionary force was arranged, Zikr came to that decision.

There was also the alternative of invading the jungle and fighting the Shudraqians with their present military strength. But the dense forest was those women’s domain, and they were quite capable of neutralizing a superficial advantage in numbers.

To secure a certain victory, rather than a superficial advantage, an overwhelming advantage was required.

And in addition to that, they would abandon lenient approaches like seeking negotiations, with elite soldiers for the purpose of annihilation.

Zikr: [Foolishly, they have swatted away the hand extended to them in peace. That being the case, we must act out of loyalty to His Excellency the Emperor, and bring down deadly retribution upon the insurgents without exception.]

And like that, once he had disciplined himself, even the warmth of his heart, of Zikr Osman, the Womanizer, was extinguished.

Even if his opponent was the matriarchal tribe of the People of Shudraq, every fragment of that bloodline must be destroyed, so they would not become a concern in the future.

For that reason――,

Zikr: [Do not be caught off-guard preparing to close the main gate. I hear the People of Shudraq’s specialty is their bows, but they cannot pass through the walls of the Fortress City. Avoid leaving room for them to break through.]

He got information from the returned soldiers on the particulars of how the front lines of the camp had been razed by fire, and bearing in mind that the fires had been set by a select few, he shifted to a total defense plan.

Based on what was known of the Shudraqians’ lifestyle, it was difficult to imagine that the tribe’s entirety was numerous, and it did not seem likely that all members of the tribe could fight, children and elderly included.

If he supposed that their fighting strength was approximately a hundred people at most, in order to compete with the Imperial Soldiers, they could only take advantage of the dark of night for things like surprise attacks.

But even so, a method of preemptive strike would only bear on an opponent whose guard was lowered from a lack of attacks.

Zikr: [See to it that every hole is filled! Even the walls of the Fortress City are not solid. With its long history, I can imagine there being plenty of ways to pass through to the outside without using the gates. Do not overlook any sort of secret passage!]

???: [On that point, a report for you, sir. Some of the soldiers who returned from the burned camp are already preparing for an outside attack by going around and blocking off secret passages.]

Zikr: [Is that right? It is heartening that there are soldiers besides Generals who have the guile to anticipate. Once this matter is put to rest, we must start giving promotions again. But for now…]

???: [――Sigh. Until reinforcements arrive, our stance will be total defense, right.]

Hearing Zikr’s instructions, his subordinate, a General Third-Class, bowed deeply at the waist.

Were these the words of an ordinary General, they would be ridiculed for such a passive approach. In fact, Zikr had formerly been the target of that kind of scornful laughter.

But, Zikr had already borne a severe blow from the opposing People of Shudraq, and if he were to return to the Imperial Capital he would not be in a position to escape some form of punishment.

With his back already to the wall, there was no reason not to take the very best measures in this situation.

His subordinates knew this as well, so they did not sneer at Zikr’s stance.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

Zikr: […Excuse me?]

Confined within the Fortress City of Guaral. Zikr, resuming said operation, raised his eyebrow in irritation at his subordinate’s report.

In the days spent waiting for reinforcements from the Imperial Capital to arrive and maintaining the gradually rising tension, the report brought out deep emotions that were exceedingly out-of-place in Zikr.

For as to why that was――,

Subordinate: [Yes. It seems, in these past few days in the city, a troupe of travelling entertainers have become the topic of conversation.]

Zikr: [Travelling entertainers…]

The report received from the subordinate was quite the carefree and leisurely kind.

It was an ill-suited report, considering the tense time of war they were in. However, there was no reason to reprimand the subordinate who had relayed it.

In the first place, it was Zikr himself who disliked intentionally forcing onto citizens a lifestyle in which they must acknowledge they were under wartime.

Even under normal conditions, discontent would easily build up in cities where troops were stationed. And, depending on the situation, being unable to manage public sentiments would lead to annihilation. That was how far the situation could progress.

Under that line of thinking, Zikr purposely did not carry out any action that would strongly restrict the opinions people held.

Staying vigilant against the threats outside of the city; preventing any infiltration from the People of Shudraq by authorizing his troops to perform thorough searches without exception. By doing this, he allowed the citizens to continue with their everyday lives.

He understood it to be contradictory, but that was the compromise between Zikr’s commonsense and his military instincts.

In any case, because he had taken a position to do things this way, the day-to-day entering and exiting of the city―― the security check placed at the front gate and the handling of merchants and peddlers, would remain unchanged.

For that reason, it was probably fine to let something like a band of travelling entertainers into the city, but――,

Zikr: […What do you propose with that information? If you are asking to keep them under strict control, I would very much prefer not doing so. Look around us. I can understand why the townsfolk would celebrate that troupe.]

It was a situation where a non-negligible amount of Imperial Soldiers, together with the guards there stationed, were maintaining patrol around the city.

Having escaped the raid, many of the soldiers who entered the city had heightened their hostility and alertness towards the People of Shudraq, and, despite orders to be mindful, disputes with the citizens were constant.

It was not hard to imagine that a party of travelling entertainers appearing in the city during all this would bring a modest amount of peace for the citizenry. Therefore, if they were to take that away――,

Zikr: [The citizens’ antagonism will erupt. You understand, do you not?]

Subordinate: [Of course, your words exactly, sir. That is why, I am not suggesting that we place them under strict control. Just…]

Zikr: [Just what? You are making this seem more important than what it truly is.]

Raising an eyebrow, Zikr impatiently urged the hesitant subordinate to continue his sentence.

Then, after a minute of silence, the subordinate lowered his head as if in resignation. Displaying his respect and non-hostility towards his superior officer by putting a fist on his palm, the subordinate controlled his breathing with a “Hah”, and,

Subordinate: [Actually that troupe… Those dancers are quite impressive but, your thoughts, sir? What do you make of seeing them once too?]

Zikr: [Me? It is not that dancers are not tempting for me too, but…]

Hearing his subordinate’s unexpected proposal, Zikr widened his eyes in surprise.

His history with this subordinate was long, and they had walked on many worthy battlefields together. It was unthinkable that he would bring up this proposal without any thought to it.

However, Zikr could not infer the real reason as to why his subordinate wanted to show the dancers to Zikr.

Subordinate: [Sir, I cannot be saying this out too loud but discontent within the troops is also increasing.]

Zikr: [Mm…]

The subordinate straightened himself and disclosed that to the puzzled Zikr.

The grave observation told to Zikr naturally made his eyes narrow. When he wordlessly encouraged his subordinate to keep talking, the subordinate slightly lowered his voice and,

Subordinate: [They have certain thoughts about the reinforcements from the ungenerous Imperial Capital, but they seem to have doubts about you too, sir, who decided to coop up in the city and take a defensive stance. There is also the case with the burnt encampment.]

Zikr: [――. I see. No, that is a natural reaction.]

Receiving his subordinate’s unreserved explanation, Zikr felt something heavy settling at the back of his chest.

It was inevitable that the Soldiers’ discontent and distrust towards Zikr would accumulate and fester. Allowing the People of Shudraq to execute their preemptive strike, and in turn causing the death of numerous soldiers, had been Zikr’s fault.

After that event, the troops they reunited with were not given a chance to recover. So it was no surprise that they aimed their displeasure towards Zikr.

Subordinate: [Among the more critical gossipers, they call you sir a――]

Zikr: [――Not another word.]

Subordinate: [――Hk, excuse my impudence.]

Interrupting his subordinate’s ongoing sentence, Zikr placed a hand on his forehead.

If a superior officer were to be passive towards their subordinates’ attitudes and discontent towards their superior, Zikr could imagine the curses those subordinates would spit out. He could think of those unbearable and straightforward slurs.

Even after receiving the position of General Second-Class, he could not come to accept those kinds of insults.

And, only when his thinking led him to this point, did he figure out what the intention behind his subordinate’s proposal had been.

Zikr: [I see now. Essentially, prepare a space where the troops’ grievances can be erased, is what you are saying.]

Subordinate: [Correct. Can we not utilise the dancers for this task? Once they see that splendid song and dance, many of the men will…]

Zikr: [Hohoh, I see. You speak as if you have seen them before.]

Zikr narrowed his eyes and pursued his suspicions, but the subordinate cleared his throat and avoided a straight answer. However, his reaction was more than enough evidence that Zikr’s hunch was correct.

In any case, he was stuck in a position between that of a General and that of a Soldier, and so, his place was a difficult one.

As he was trying to obtain the method to heal the relationship between the two, to press him further was to quite literally embody the word “petty”.

Additionally, this subordinate had seen these dancers of sorts with his own eyes, and had strongly proposed to use them to great extent.

Zikr: [I believe those dancers are extremely beautiful?]

Subordinate: [Of course! Ah, ahem, no doubt they will suit your eyes, Sir. Their dancing, the musician’s song and performance are splendid too…]

Zikr: [Hmhm, that does raise my expectations quite a bit.]

Even when responding in kind, Zikr thought their descriptions to be slightly exaggerated.

Thinking that however, it was indeed joyful that his subordinate had taken into consideration his own standing and the times ahead to provide this proposal. So there was no reason to be stubborn and decline it.

Zikr himself, having been hard-pressed and anxiety-ridden, had not invited and played with any ladies over at his bedchamber recently.

He could not put the same inconvenience on his troops as well.

Zikr: [Alright, understood. I will allow myself to be smooth-talked by you here. Invite that troupe of travelling entertainers and prepare a space to show appreciation for the soldiers.]

Except――,

Zikr: [――Make sure they do not bring in any weapons. Do not forget to search them.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Once approval from Zikr was received, the troops mobilised quickly.

Almost as if they had been suffering from severe dehydration and starvation, they immediately prepared a space for a banquet on the first floor of the City Hall, readied alcohol and food, and gathered women to serve as waitresses.

Then, contacting the band of travelling entertainers in question, the troupe was invited to the top-floor of the City Hall.

???: [――Who you are about to lay your eyes on, is the beautiful danseuse from beyond the Great Waterfall. Her silky black hair that drinks up the sun’s light, along with her heavenly fair skin that has received the blessing of the spirits, her utmost beauty is comparable to the divine beings, and tonight, she will lavishly perform for you all.]

After the musician’s dramatic introductory speech was delivered, the veil was pulled back slowly with showmanship.

A female-only band of travelling entertainers, what the musicians revealed hidden under the drop veil was the dancer that was the hot topic of the city―― The appearance of said dancer being revealed, Zikr widened his eyes in surprise.

Zikr: [――――]

Exposing her milky skin, the beauty who loosely let her hair flow down her back, her appearance betrayed what had been conveyed by the musician’s introductory speech. ――Indeed, such comments were far from sufficient for describing the belle here.

Her bewitching black hair, her cream skin wrapped in a light garment. Certainly, there was a magical power to them, one that would mesmerise many of those who would come to gaze at her. However, those factors were merely one portion of the real reason for her beauty.

Including people other than dancers or musicians, if charisma was what charmed most humans, and if one were to equate charisma with talent, this dancer’s aura and appearance was frighteningly overflowing with it.

Most of all, what led Zikr to feel such powerful sentiments, was none other than the dancer’s eyes.

To say that those almond shaped eyes with long lashes were the core of her favourable features, was unsuited. It was no exaggeration to think that, on the golden ratio, they were positioned in the most perfect place.

The reason his throat unconsciously parched up was because Zikr instinctively felt a craving.

Whether that was because he was attracted to the dancer’s physicalities, or because he was pulled to the charisma the dancer was entwined with, was a phenomenon that was completely unknown to even Zikr himself.

This dancer had already incited such deep emotion with nary a single movement. The size of the impact that would be brought about once she started to actually dance with song and music, would be of unimaginable proportions.

And, Zikr craved to be overwhelmed by an impact of proportions he could not dream of.

Black-haired Musician: [――Please, allow us the chance to display our danseuse’s act.]

In place of the silent dancer――No, danseuse, a musician with matching black hair bowed her head down.

The two musicians and the black-haired and blonde-haired ladies were likewise beautiful;  however, to Zikr, who was enraptured by the danseuse’s appearance, they could only be considered an accompaniment. Normally, any thoughts of dismissing women were to be met with self-examination and reflection, but he was burning with fervour, to the point where such thoughts did not even cross his mind.

Never, until now, had he so strongly become self-aware of his nickname, Womanizer.

In reality, Zikr probably was a Womanizer. ――Because, in front of beauty of this scale, staying at a peace of mind was, without a doubt, impossible.

And so, with his heart still burning with ardour, the banquet commenced.

Of course, seeing as Zikr was the commander, his seat in the banquet was at the very back. The gathered Generals――as the rank-and-file Soldiers had been excluded, the people of higher rank gathered and started to enjoy their alcohol and food.

The number one sight was however, as expected, the showcase from the band of travelling entertainers.

Originally, the objective was to show appreciation for the troops and let them release their dissatisfactions, but Zikr had forgotten the original aim and held his breath for the danseuse’s turn on stage.

Bringing booze to his mouth to quench his thirst, he moistened his tongue, lips and throat. He brought his breathing back to normal that way.

Zikr’s heart was spell-bound to that extent.

Black-haired Musician: [――Tonight, what you will witness is a dance from the hometown of our danseuse, a dance from beyond the Great Waterfall. Please, satisfy to your heart’s content, the dance from the ends of the end.]

The voice of a singing musician started and the plucking of strings led to the sounds of gentle music.

As an unfamiliar tune started to play, the Generals who were conversing noisily bated their breaths with faces of vermilion. They too, were unwilling to take their eyes off the performance that was about to start.

Then――,

???: [――――]

Then, the danseuse who slowly came into sight, started her breathtaking “dance”.

Everyone: [――――]

Making full use of her long limbs, everybody lost their words at the figure with swaying black hair as she danced.

Forgetting to breathe, they stared. ――This was the very definition of “enchanted”. Anyone who witnessed a dance like this and maintained a clear-headed mind had something wrong with them.

Someone like that did not understand the value of dance, and possessed the sensibilities of an animal.

The Imperial Soldiers were a pack of wolves, but they were not beasts who did not possess the power of intelligence and speech.

Subsequently, the Generals also held their breath, forgetting how to breathe, and were bewitched by the stunning danseuse’s act.

Each person lost their voice and were captivated by the danseuse’s performance.

Pitch-black hair, smooth, white skin with nought a blemish. An alluring face that would make artists want to cut off their dominant hand for its deep knowledge. They were charmed by that.

However, what continued to attract, boundlessly so, Zikr’s eyes, mind and heart, were none of those features.

――It was the eyes.

Just as he thought, he could not shift his gaze from the danseuse’s eyes.

Her long-slitted eyes lorded over the stage in which she was dancing on, and were boring right into the very back of the room, at Zikr.

Her eyes, which did not leave their target for a single second, directly took hold of Zikr’s brain and did not release their grasp.

Eventually, the danseuse crossed the hall, advancing right in front of Zikr.

Then, softly kneeling in place, raised her two hands and requested Zikr’s sword.

Naturally, Zikr understood her action, that it signified the wish for a sword.

With the world in her grasp, the danseuse’s dance raised the tension and made it obvious that she would rise to the next level. On top of transitioning to a dance utilising a sword; to a blade ballet, the danseuse wished for a blade.

Zikr did not have the option to refuse and not pass the blade over.

No one could stop it. The subordinates and Generals; no one could deliberately obstruct this act.

This was something that was to happen no matter what. That was how natural this course of action was.

That was why――,

Danseuse: [――It is your loss, Zikr Osman.]

Having his unsheathed sword pointed at his throat, hearing that ruthless declaration, Zikr Osman did not process that he had been defeated by virtue of being the Womanizer.

Zikr: [――――]

Even at this very moment, he could not avert his gaze from the eyes of the danseuse who had declared such words.

That cold charisma which attracted many―― It was as if he had seen it before. That feeling of déjà vu was endlessly branded by flame into the mind of the defeated General Zikr.

--- Chapter 22: The Bloodless Siege Plan ---

▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Let us rewind the clock, to before the danseuse’s whirling dance at Guaral City Hall.

???: [――A bloodless siege, you say?]

Having entered the meeting place, in front of all those gathered there, Natsuki Subaru had made a powerful declaration.

The concealing oni mask forcibly ripped away, Abel looked up toward Subaru and, in a chilling voice, repeated the “pipe dream” that had vibrated his eardrums.

He sneered―― No, there was no sense of mockery in it. It contained pure doubt, a kind of breath that conveyed that the person before him did not understand what they were proposing.

The intention was understood.

Subaru: [You may have devised a plan to get through with minimal sacrifices, but you wouldn’t think of a plan with zero sacrifices in the first place.]

Abel: [Naturally. Whether you accept it or not, what we are engaging in now is war. Come what may, casualties cannot be avoided. All that can be done, is planning to avoid the waste of human resources.]

Subaru: [Well, I don’t like your way of thinking about human resources to begin with.]

Looking down on Abel sitting cross-legged right in front of him, Subaru clicked his tongue.

The term “human resources”, was the combination of two words, “humans” and “resources”, one that Subaru thought should not be combined into such an abhorrent term whatsoever.

That way of looking at “humans” by keeping them at a distance, was one step detached from viewing people as only numbers.

Or perhaps that was the sense of balance a ruler like Abel had to have but――,

Subaru: [Well, I don’t accept it. Flop-san’s the same, right?]

Abel: [――. And in place of that, you interject with this bloodless siege? That is a remarkably grand declaration. Coming from you, who was so haggard until just a moment ago.]

Subaru: [I won’t argue that I’ve been a worn-out, pitiful, disgraceful sight. To begin with, ever since I got blasted away to this country, I’ve been through a series of non-stop disasters.]

In response to Abel’s point, Subaru derided himself, then stared at his own palm.

His unduly clean right hand, that arm which had been replaced by a new one, could also be called part of those “non-stop disasters”. Albeit tough, the replacement of his right hand had been one of his few pieces of luck, had it not?

The replacement of his hand, and that Rem had awakened. That, and encountering the siblings Flop and Medium, could be considered good fortune without exaggeration.

Outside of that anyway, fortune and disaster were two sides of the same coin.

So was Abel before him, so were the People of Shudraq, and so were the Imperial Soldiers including Todd――,

Subaru: [This series of hardships has been soul-draining. But.]

Abel: [――――]

Subaru: [――The more friction, the more fire ignites.]

Staring hard at his clenched fist, Subaru announced that clearly.

Right then, Rem, who had been lagging behind Subaru, arrived at the entrance to the meeting place. Using her cane, she came in alongside Utakata and Louis.

She had likely come to see with her very own eyes.

Since it had been her selfish plea that had ignited Natsuki Subaru’s soul.

Subaru: [A strategy to enter the city, after asking Flop-san for a secret byway… Are you planning a surprise attack? There’s no way that’ll work.]

Abel: [Oh, why is that? It is a fortified city, protected by a bulwark. Do you possess some other method to pass through?]

Subaru: [If there’s a wall, anyone’d think to look for a way to bypass it. That is, though the byway itself may be cleverly concealed…]

If there were a secret byway for going in and out of the Fortress City, naturally, it could be assumed that it was for allowing those of uncertain backgrounds and goods of dubious origin to get through.

Of course, it would probably be concealed so as not to be discovered by guards. But even that would only get past ordinary levels of vigilance.

Beyond that, it did not seem possible to evade the net of wartime vigilance especially.

And above all――,

Subaru: [That bastard who chased us down in the city isn’t the type to overlook something like that.]

He was quick-witted, cunning, and made decisions without hesitation.

Seeing that Todd knew of their survival, any sort of byway would be the most guarded “opening”. The enemy would not be so kind to leave it as it was.

Blocking it would be obvious, and there was also the fear that any left unblocked could have been converted into “traps”.

Subaru: [That’s why a surprise attack would be absurd. It’s likely the opponent waiting over there will smash your head in with an axe the moment you slip out from a byway.]

Flop: [W-w-why are you looking at my face as you say that, Husband-kun! What a scary thought!]

He had intended to make the danger known to everyone, but his eyes subconsciously fixed on Flop’s face.

Subaru remembered how many times right in front of him the assassin’s dagger―― No, the assassin’s axe, had felled the man before him. Subaru did not want to witness that again; even if it killed him, he could not let that happen again.

Abel: […Were it to simply be a surprise attack, I am of the same opinion regarding the enemy being wary.]

Subaru: [What?]

At his unexpected assent, Subaru stared in wide-eyed wonder. The reason being that the one endorsing Subaru’s opinion was none other than Abel himself.

Abel raised an eyebrow at Subaru’s astonishment and continued,

Abel: [What? Is my affirmation unexpected?]

Subaru: [That’s right… Despite you acting as if you’re right about everything in this world, you do things like readily admit your own mistakes…]

Abel: [Nonsense, when did I admit to having been mistaken? I merely endorsed the idea that a strategy of using a byway to commence a surprise attack would not be successful.]

Subaru: [――? Then, how were you planning to use the byway?]

Abel’s denial had a different feeling than that of a sore loser who had had his thoughts correctly guessed.

As Subaru grilled him for the basis, Abel shut one of his eyes,

Abel: [There is no reason humans must be the ones going in and out. If it is only to paralyze the functioning of the soldiers confined in the city, merely smuggling something in would be sufficient.]

Subaru: [Something…]

Abel: [――Poison.]

Subaru: [They’re even less likely to overlook that!]

Abel’s dispassionate delivery all the more gave a sense of his unwavering resolve to get things done, and Subaru instinctively and loudly criticized his plan.

The use of poison or the like would be inexcusable. ――In truth, since Subaru had experienced the power of poison employed by the People of Shudraq, he vehemently opposed its use.

That hellish suffering, it was more wretched than dying in battle.

Subaru: [Anyway, weren’t we talking about trying to minimize suffering, or at least reduce harm to persuade Flop-san? How does a plan that uses poison…]

Abel: [What are you speaking of? A surprise tactic using a secret byway also has the possibility of our own troops being sacrificed in the event of an attack. With poison, that possibility is eliminated.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [Reducing the losses of the forces on hand. That is what it means to minimize damage.]

Abel spoke definitively, and in front of him Subaru held his breath.

Again, Subaru recognized anew, between his own position and Abel’s, the grand scale of difference between a ruler’s and others’ fields of view. The gap was beyond Subaru’s comprehension.

In short, Abel did not take damage to the residents of Guaral into account. ――No, even if he did not bring harm to the residents, he thought nothing whatsoever of harm to the Imperial Soldiers.

That much had been clear ever since the Imperial Soldiers’ encampment that he himself had aimed for had been burnt to the ground.

Subaru: [Still, my thinking was naive. You…]

Abel: [That is correct, your thinking is naive. Consequently, you have no place here…]

As they confronted each other, sparks flew between Subaru and Abel’s glares.

Just as their views clashed with one another, and the discussion began to break down――,

Flop: [――Now now now, wait a minute, you two! There’s no need to glare at each other and argue like this!]

Flop stepped between the two of them and created some distance.

A sodden smile appeared on his face as he looked back and forth between the glaring faces of Subaru and Abel; “Let’s calm down and discuss this!”, he said as he clapped his hands in front of his chest.

Flop: [To be frank, my discussion with Village Chief-kun was getting nowhere! And then, Husband-kun triumphantly returned. I definitely want to hear about this “bloodless siege” Husband-kun’s talking about! If it’s real, it’d be like a dream come true!]

Subaru: [Flop-san…]

In response to the grinning Flop’s expectation, Subaru quelled his prior anger. Somehow or another, taken aback by Flop’s behavior, Abel seemed to do the same.

Abel let out a “Hmph” with a small snort,

Abel: [――. Very well, we shall hear him out. Should your idea manage to successfully fool this merchant, as long as you get the whereabouts of the secret byway, that will be that.]

Flop: [Huh!? Husband-kun!? Don’t tell me you…]

Subaru: [Nonono! We weren’t planning this! Just because it doesn’t seem like your own idea’s going to work, doesn’t mean you get to try to force me to be part of it, asshole!]

His remark needlessly invited Flop’s distrust, yet, moreover Abel showed no shame. He held on to his composed arrogance. “You hardly need that oni mask…”, Subaru spat at him.

???: [So…]

Like that, a faint voice slid into the gap created in the conversation.

Standing stock-still at the entrance of the meeting place, eyes fixed on Subaru’s back, came Rem’s voice.

Not fooled by the atmosphere of the place, Rem continued to stare only at Subaru.

Rem: [So, what would you do? Could you find some other way that isn’t a fleeting dream or a blood-soaked reality?]

Subaru: […Every bit of the way you say things makes my heart sing.]

Rem: [――――]

Rem stared with her lips pursed, and Subaru responded with a bitter smile, and strengthened his resolve once more.

Then, he surveyed the faces in the meeting place once more. Abel and Flop, along with the Shudraqians starting with Mizelda, and as he became the focus of everyone’s gaze,

Subaru: [My plan’s got no need for either byways or bloodshed. But, it does require Flop-san’s assistance.]

Flop: [Even though it doesn’t need a byway, it requires my help…? But Husband-kun, surely you know I’m just a helpless peddler with a bit of a mouth, don’t you?]

Subaru: [Yeah, of course. But Flop-san isn’t just a merchant, there’s a blessing you were born with. ――A nice face.]

Flop: [――Huh? My face?]

Wide-eyed, Flop put both his hands to his face.

Similarly, everyone in the meeting area tilted their heads as if to say “His face?”.

Mizelda: [I see , that’s true .]

Taritta: [――! Sister, did you realize something ?]

Mizelda: [No, I just approve of what Subaru said about him having a nice face .]

Taritta: [Sister…]

Mizelda nodded and crossed her arms, while Taritta sullenly hung her head.

But, since more or less no one had caught on to Subaru’s intentions, an air of doubt was spreading among them. Same went for Flop and Abel, even.

However, Mizelda’s stubborn interest in the appearance of others was not off-base. It was precisely her weakness and sense for beauty that had given Subaru a great hint regarding this situation.

Because Mizelda putting too much stock in good looks had been that which had inspired this Bloodless Siege Plan.

Subaru: [Evidence’s better than debate. ――Flop-san, we can’t tell until we try it, so follow me.]

Flop: [Follow you? That’s not a problem, but what in the world…]

To the still dubious Flop, Subaru pushily told him “Don’t worry about it”.

And then, his gaze turned to face Mizelda,

Subaru: [You dye your hair and draw designs on your body, so you use cosmetics right? Could you try lending me those items for a bit?]

△▼△▼△▼△

Everyone: [――――]

Having returned to the meeting place after a while, everyone was lost for words upon witnessing the “results”.

However, Subaru knew that it was not speechlessness born from negative sentiments such as being perplexed or fed up, but rather genuine awe and astonishment, perhaps even some moving emotion.

He could say with confidence that it was well within expectations for his handiwork to have that much of an impact.

Subaru: [Turns out, if given diamonds in the rough to work with, even I could deliver some decent results.]

Everyone: [――――]

Rubbing his nose, Subaru who had declared so was met with the same unresponsive crowd as before. While the silence continued without anyone returning from their state of stupefaction, an uneasy “H-Husband-kun” was voiced.

That came from the only person who, other than Subaru, was immune to the shock induced on those present.

Flop: [Something feels off, I haven’t seen the end-product yet, but how did it turn out? The sensation isn’t very pleasant…]

Subaru: [Oh come on, there’s no need to worry Flop-sa… Nah, don’t you worry about it, Flora.]

Flop: [Flora!?]

Eyes widened in surprise was Flop――nay, Flora. Yet even when his expression was washed over with surprise, it was adorable nevertheless, thought Subaru nodding with confidence whilst caressing his face.

Then once again, Subaru grabbed Flora’s slender shoulders, and turned him to face forward.

Veiled behind the silky curtain of long, golden hair, were eyes that were more accentuated than usual from having had eyeshadow applied to them. The eyelashes had been adjusted in a way that showed off their length, and a hint of red adorned the cheeks to create a striking contrast with his naturally fair skin. Lastly, the lips were colored red and he had been changed into clothes that completed the look.

With his dainty physique, only the slightest bit of effort was required to disguise him as a “her”.

Which meant――,

Subaru: [――This is the key to a bloodless siege, the best strategy I can devise!]

Throwing his fist up in the air, Subaru debuted Flop-Flora to everybody in the meeting place.

Despite the limited time given, Subaru had been capable of bringing the most out of a gem from its unpolished state, something he took pride in. Surprise should be reserved for now however, for this was only a work born from inadequate preparation, the least adorable version of what Flora could be.

Having gathered all the necessary tools, as long as the person in question kept in mind the appropriate mannerism they should uphold, it would not simply add to their charms, but increase it exponentially.

Subaru: [Beauty can be made.]

Rem: [Are you fooling around here?]

Subaru: [Eh!?]

A cold piercing voice jabbed at Subaru, who had presented a feat without rival.

Taking a peek, the owner of that voice was none other than Rem with a frigid gaze. Those eyes that had regarded Subaru with expectation just before were nowhere to be found, and were instead replaced by those that Rem had since she first woke up.

Having swallowed his breath due to the harsh gaze, Subaru said “Hold on!” with an outstretched hand.

Subaru: [I-I’m not fooling around! I’m really not fooling around here whatsoever, so don’t look at me like that!]

Rem: [You aren’t fooling around? Stop with the absurdity. I was a fool… to even have tried putting the slightest amount of faith in you.]

Subaru: [You’re jumping to conclusions! This is somewhat late but you really are just like Ram in that sense!]

Rem: [Hah?]

Despite it being something that the current Rem did not recall, Ram too was quick to jump to conclusions.

Though his heart was warmed by the thought that they were, after all,  sisters, his number one priority right now was regaining the lost trust from Rem.

In actuality, Subaru was not messing around. He was taking everything head-on with all seriousness, and giving it considerable thought.

The purpose of going through all that trouble to turn Flop into a woman named Flora was――,

Abel: [――The target’s Zikr Osman, huh.]

Said the first person to arrive at the answer, Abel, who had his chin resting on his hand.

Unlike the rest who had been unable to conceal their surprises at the transformation from Flop to Flora, Abel was able to suppress it and stayed silent, presumably to probe for Subaru’s true intent.

And thus, he had been able to see through what Subaru was getting at completely.

―― The target would be Zikr Osman.

General Second-Class of the Empire, and commander of the Imperial Soldiers stationed in the Fortress City of Guaral. A capable man who preferred solid and safe war tactics, and on top of that ――,

Subaru: [I heard he’s called the Womanizer. Sounded like it was well-known among the Imperial Soldiers.]

Abel: [The fact he is renowned for being one, and that he received a nickname because of it, is common knowledge.]

Rem: [Womanizer… doesn’t give off a very likable impression to me.]

Having heard the conversation between Subaru and Abel, Rem made a grimacing face.

Subaru could not help but agree with Rem’s impression of him. Upon hearing that a military officer was a womanizer, one would probably imagine a filthy pervert with a vulgar personality. However, that’ was an opening they could use to their advantage.

Subaru: [At the Imperial Soldiers’ encampment, there was even talk of doing things like presenting a captured woman to General Zikr. Basically, as long as a woman’s harmless there’s a good chance she can get near him.]

It was something he would rather not recall, but at the encampment, Jamal had directly told Subaru that he would do something such as offering Rem to Zikr.

Rem was a beautiful girl, so it could be said that Zikr’s sense of beauty was a normal one.

Subaru: [That being the case, with the power of Flora, it should be doable.]

Flop: [H-Husband-kun? You’ve been calling me Flora with intense anticipation for a while now, but what do I look like right now? I don’t know what’s going on and I’m scared!]

Subaru: [Don’t worry, Flora. I won’t make you do this alone, of course. I’m going to fight the same way too.]

Mizelda: [No matter how you look at it , that’s absurd , Subaru!]

Subaru soothed the bewildered Flora, and Mizelda stood up at his remark. Her eyes were overcast with a strong, hard expression, and she gripped her hands on Subaru’s shoulders, shaking her head.

Then, she lowered her tone of voice as if imparting a truth that was difficult to convey,

Mizelda: [Your eyes have a charm to them as well . But as for what you were born with …]

Subaru: [Hey hey, come on now,  Mizelda-san. Didn’t you hear what I said?]

Mizelda: [What was that ?]

Subaru: [――Beauty can be made.]

Subaru affirmed reassuringly, placing his hand atop the one Mizelda had placed on his shoulder.

Hearing this, Mizelda opened her eyes wide and gasped. Then, directing her gaze at Flora, she squinted as if the makeup on that face were something radiant.

Mizelda: [You’ve got me beat … Let’s see it , your potential .]

Subaru: [Yeah, just watch.]

Kuna: [What are you talking about , I don’t geeet it .]

Mizelda entrusted the matter to Subaru, and he accepted. Kuna watched the exchange between the pair with exasperation, but had no comment to give.

Anyway, the problem now was――,

Abel: [As for utilizing Zikr Osman’s preferences, what is your intention? Even he, is still a wolf. Merely dangling a pretty thing in front of him, he is not a dog who shall bite at such bait.]

Subaru: [Well, dangling something purposelessly is hardly worth discussing. So, we need to devise a way to get him to bite. For instance, enticing him to a party .]

Abel: [A banquet? Alas, it shan’t be easy to draw him in. Naturally, there is no reason for him to emerge from inside the walls until reinforcements from the Imperial Capital are present. He shall not be tempted by a suspicious invitation.]

Subaru: [Sure. I’m still narrowing down the choices, but…]

Rem: [W-wait, please!]

Like that, while Subaru and Abel were in the midst of arguing back and forth, Rem raised her voice.

She looked back and forth between the two, a surprised expression affixed to her face,

Rem: [Are you being serious? I can’t believe you’re going through with this, centered on pranking Flop-san.]

Flop: [Wha, they’re pranking me? Seriously, what do I look like right now? Wife-san says I look like I’ve been pranked… Niece-chan, what’s going on?]

Louis: [Auu? Uu! Uu!]

Beside the tense Rem, Flora, who had not yet been able to see his reflection even once, sought solace in Louis. But having never met Flora before, Louis panicked and hid behind Rem.

In other words, in Louis’s view, it appeared as if Flora and Flop were different people.

Abel: [Setting aside whether that girl’s reaction is appropriate as a litmus test, I do not consider this a prank. At last, you have proposed an idea meriting discussion.]

Subaru: [Then you also recognize it. The beauty of Flora.]

Abel: [――. I recognized that your idea was one I had not thought of. Do not get it twisted now.]

Subaru’s lips curled in an expression of dissatisfaction with Abel’s obstinate reply.

However, Abel paid him no mind, and for a short period held his hand to his mouth in careful deliberation. Then, he shot a jagged look in Subaru’s direction,

Abel: [Natsuki Subaru, I have one question… Your cosmetics, can only the merchant make use of it?]

The question came.

Subaru: [――――]

For a moment, Abel’s inquiry left him dumbfounded.

But Subaru turned over the intent of the question in his mind, and shook his head.

Subaru: [I already told you. I said I’m in the same boat as you if we go through with this operation!]

Abel: [Nonsense. Who would place their trust in you? Take a look at yourself in the mirror and only then speak.]

Subaru: [Watch your mouth!]

Brow furrowed, Abel spat out his contempt from the depths of his heart. Ignoring Subaru’s hurt from this comment, he pressed his hand to his chest,

Abel: [To handle this alone is beyond the capabilities of a mere merchant. ――Thus, I shall follow suit.]

Mizelda: [A-Abel too !?]

Hearing that brazen self-recommendation, the air of the meeting place around Mizelda began to buzz.

Of course, Subaru had also been surprised by Abel’s proposal. Truly, he had never dreamed he would suggest that on his own.

Subaru: […Honestly, I thought the main issue was going to be how to talk you into it.]

Abel: [In ordinary times, it would be a fool’s errand, something not even worth considering. But as it stands, we possess few cards to play, and our potential plans are also limited. If it is indeed effective, it is a necessary situation we must stoop to.]

Subaru: [Tch, you have a freaking terrible way of putting it. This is why charismatic bastards are…]

Never mind that he had been chased off the throne, there was no wavering of the fact that he was the Emperor.

That was Abel’s creed, and a belief that he would not yield on. Having been shown a glimpse of it so blatantly, Subaru had no choice but to genuinely commend him.

Were he an example of an inept person with authority, he would make a blunder by being too preoccupied with his own safety.

However, ever since Abel had first encountered Subaru in the jungle, he had continued to win big gambles using himself as a chip, Lifeblood Ritual included.

This time would be no exception as well, and he probably had zero intention of backing down from it.

Abel: [An ingenious scheme is something that starts producing results only when performed from outside the enemy’s expectations. Taking advantage of the General’s biases, it conceals itself in their unavoidable negligence. There is value in discussing this plan.]

Subaru: [Yeah, it’s also written in a book called the “Kojiki”. It says that crossdressing’s the best option when aiming for the enemy General’s neck.] [1]

Rem: [You can’t seriously just accept the contents of such a suspicious book…]

It was a reference to an old book of ancient and honorable origin, but even if he were to explain the trustworthiness of the “Kojiki” to Rem now, he would not get a reply from the current her. As of now, he could not think of a way to quickly regain the trust Rem had in him.

He feared rejection without the chance to explain himself, so he was grateful yet surprised that Abel had accepted his proposal.

Subaru: [When you said poison, I really thought you were the type to execute anyone who opposed you, but…]

Abel: [If required, I am willing to do so. Nevertheless, emotions are far from being a necessity for future decisions. After all, what I must obtain is not limited to the city of Guaral.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [If General Zikr Osman were to be secured, we can devise means to procure what I desire without bloodshed. If the concerns of an internal insurrection can be reduced, that would be celebratory.]

Subaru: [… Right . There’s definitely value in the words from the guy who’s lost his place because of an internal insurrection.]

A restrained taunt he said in the spur of the moment, but Abel’s expression did not give the slightest twitch.

Was this level of sarcasm and disrespect not worth getting aggravated over? ――Or perhaps, like Abel himself had stated, he was not as pigheaded as to not recognise his own shortcomings.

In any case――,

Subaru: [If you’re cooperative then there’s nothing more that I could ask for. Your name… Abel, Vollachia… Is Bianca fine?]

Abel: [I am not particular about my fake name, call me as you prefer. More importantly, there is hardly enough manpower with just you, me and the merchant. Let me see…]

Crossing his arms, Abel surveyed the faces in the meeting area.

Then, closing one eye with a “Hm”,

Abel: [The ones we can use are Kuna and Taritta, that would be about it.]

Subaru: [Wha?]

Abel: [It is the preparation needed. Even if we successfully draw out Zikr Osman, the requisite manpower to suppress him is needed. Saying that, anyone who is instantly recognizable as one of the People of Shudraq should be avoided.]

Abel said while pointing with his chin. Hearing that, Subaru also understood Abel’s thinking.

Suddenly being put under the spotlight, Taritta and Kuna were perplexed. While they were members of the People of Shudraq, compared to the others, these two were the types that did not give off a wild atmosphere.

Mizelda, at first glance, looked like a fiery and aggressive fighter. Similarly, Holly on first look, gave a unique impression on people. They were not suited for this situation, which called for the concealment of their Shudraqian identities.

In the end, what was needed to not raise alarms in the enemy’s mind was a feminine charm――,

Subaru: [I think that’s the limit of what my dress-up and makeup can do. I can’t give them a womanly charm with these cosmetics after all.]

Rem: [――Me too.]

Subaru: [Rem?]

Then, the one who swiftly raised her hand there was Rem.

This was the Rem who did not hide her disbelief towards Subaru after the case with Flora. Yet, as if she’d had some reconsideration after seeing them continue a serious discussion of this plan, her expression was likewise weighty.

And, with resolve and determination shining in her light-blue eyes,

Rem: [Please, let me take part in this. I’ll definitely be of use.]

Subaru: [Rem… Sorry, but that’s not possible.]

Rem: [――Hk! Again, you’re unnecessarily trying to distance me from danger…]

Her resolution on the verge of being crushed, Rem’s eyes shot daggers at Subaru.

Without a doubt, Subaru held a sense of overprotectiveness that would most likely infuriate Rem. His sentiment to distance her from danger and let her peacefully spend her time inside a cradle was no lie.

However, that was not the sole reason for stopping her participation in this battle.

Subaru: [It’s true I’m worried for your safety. But, the reason I’m rejecting your involvement is simply because the plan’s success rate will decrease…. Rem, your face has already been seen by the Imperial Soldiers.]

Rem: [――Ah.]

Subaru: [There was that time you got caught at the camp, and also when we were running away from the city. We can’t use Medium’s help for the same reason. We made too much of a scene.]

After causing such a commotion, the guards at the security checkpoint would definitely not forget Rem and Medium’s faces. Louis too, for that matter.

The operation this time, was a battle on whether or not they could get the better of the enemy’s thinking and slip under their radar. Unless they wanted to endanger that core idea, there was no way they could bring Rem along.

Rem: [But… But, if the condition is whether our face has been seen or not, then it should be the same for you too!]

Subaru: [Yes, but no. Because, it won’t be me who’ll be passing through the main gate of Guaral. It’ll be Natsumi Schwartz.]

Rem: [Hah?]

As if she thought she was being deceived again, anger blazed in the determined Rem’s eyes. However, in regards to this case, nothing could be explained through words.

Just like how Flop had been transformed into Flora, Natsuki Subaru had to simply disguise himself into Natsumi Schwartz. ――He had to walk the walk, not just talk the talk.

Subaru: [Anyways, the reason I can’t bring you along’s just as I explained. But, Taritta and Kuna, you guys too, this’ll be a dangerous operation so I’ll have to convince you two first before…]

Mizelda: [Nah, this is interesting . I’ll allow it. Take them both .]

Just as Subaru was trying to confirm the thoughts and intentions of the two Shudraqians, Mizelda interrupted with those words.

Turning his head in surprise, Subaru saw the shining eyes of Mizelda focused back on him with blazing curiosity. She stared with the intensity of a hunter; it felt like she was peeling his skin off and trying to take a peek underneath.

For a brief moment, Subaru could even feel an intense fear sweep through him.

Subaru: [Mizelda, san?]

Mizelda: [Subaru, you and Abel have already proven your valor . Shudraq respects those blessed with valor . But, that doesn’t mean we cut and throw away ingenuity as an unblessed value . Might and wisdom , those excelling in both become supreme warriors … Go and prove yourselves .]

Her cheeks warmed in joy, as if the operation that targeted the enemy’s weakness was favorable for her as well.

Based on assumptions, Subaru had believed without question that Mizelda and the rest of the People of Shudraq would dislike this sort of scheme. That was why he planned on inquiring Taritta and Kuna whether they would like to participate in this operation or not.

However, after Mizelda gave her answer, Taritta and Kuna nodded along as if it were the most natural thing in the world.

Kuna: [If the Chieftain says so, I have nothing else to reaaally say .]

Taritta: [I will follow Sister’s direction … I am also interested in this, makeup .]

Linking her hands behind her head, Kuna accepted with an attitude that said she did not care either way. Taritta held the same opinion but she would flick her gaze towards Flora on and off.

It seemed like she had gained an interest in Subaru’s makeup handiwork. He thought the scene was somewhat lacking in the tension expected from the preparation of a life or death operation, but――,

Abel: [If there are no objections, then let us swiftly prepare. We must settle this battle before the cowards in the Fortress City receive encouragement from the Imperial Capital.]

Subaru: [… Okay, got it. If everyone’s good with that too. Rem, is this alright with you?]

Rem: [――. You’re not going to listen no matter what I say, are you?]

Laden with embarrassment from what she had spoken before, Rem glared at Subaru intently. He was sorry about dismissing her resolve but, after considering her safety and the success of the operation, there was no path in which she could join them.

That was why Subaru cast his eyes downwards, and resigned himself to bear Rem’s fury.

However――,

Rem: [But, the one who asked you to do something about this, the one who requested that, was me.]

Subaru: [Rem?]

Rem: [And for me to make a fuss about it, there’s no way I can do that… Please be successful.]

Her frustration had not vanished, and it was not as if she had forgiven Subaru as well. She would respect the decision made , was what was communicated to him through her averting gaze.

Just by that, the dark clouds within Subaru cleared up.

Subaru: [Only Rem can do this, but man is it calming… Wait, that’s not right is it?]

Just by showing her very slight approval, Subaru was giddy to the point that he felt like he could fly up high in the sky.

But also, when Emilia smiled, he felt like he could rise up to the heavens by that smile alone, and when Beatrice would explain something with her smug face, his chest would become super warm and comfy.

With a “Huh”, Subaru only now noticed that he was easier to deal with than he’d thought.

Abel: [What is the matter? Are you only now getting cold feet?]

Subaru: [Not now, that’s not quite right …. It’s just that, I’m getting pumped up.]

Abel: [Hoh? Show that with your utmost efforts, then.]

Receiving courage from Rem’s comment, Subaru answered while Abel flared his nose.

Needless to say, that was what he intended to do. ――Once this “bloodless siege” succeeded, the path to return to the Kingdom of Lugunica might open up.

Even if that were not the case, Subaru would not let any tragedy occur within his sight’s reach. He would not let it happen.

???: [――Heeey, big brooo! It’s not nice to Bote-chin if we don’t let her rest so I wanna put her somewhereee.]

Then, in the meeting area where zeal was rising, Medium peeked her face in without hesitation.

Even when compared to the muscular Shudraqians, Medium stood one head taller, and so was very noticeable with her height. The said-noticeable person then looked over the meeting area with her round eyes and,

Medium: [Eh, where’s big bro?]

Flop: [Ohhh, dear sister! To lose sight of your brother is quite cruel of you. I’m present, right here!]

Medium: [――?]

Towards the head-tilted Medium, Flora stood up and made her existence aware. And towards Flora’s words, Medium scrunched her eyebrows and fell into deep thought.

Staying silent for a while, she then yelled, as if she had come to a realization.

Medium: [Big bro, all this time you were actually my big sis!]

Flop: [Husband-kun!? What’s going on here!? This is actually scary!]

If even the eyes of a blood-related sister could be deceived, this would certainly be a firm foothold for this operation.

Tappei’s Comment:

In regards to Subaru’s crossdressing addiction (this is a misleading description), they have happened before in LN Tappenshuu 3 and 6.

There wasn’t really a good timing to slot it in the Web Novel so they weren’t put in here but, as the author, it has always been part of the plan since the beginning. The introduction of this has taken 8 years since writing started. Hahaha, nice obsession.

Translator Notes:

[1] The Kojiki [古事記] (literally translated as Records of Ancient Matter) is one of the oldest surviving literary works about Japanese history and contains many myths, stories and semi-historical accounts (plus more) of Japan. The crossdressing Subaru is referring to is most likely about the story about how Ousu-no-mikoto (afterwards known as Yamato Takeru-no-mikoto) crossdressed as a maid attendant to kill Kawakami Takeru, an enemy General and leader of the Kumaso.

Further Reading:

https://www.worldhistory.org/Kojiki/

https://medium.com/more-than-tokyo/cave-of-the-bear-people-kumaso-no-ana-dcc210fac1ab

--- Chapter 23: Musician Natsumi Schwartz ---

▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [――――]

Looking at his reflection in the crude mirror, Natsuki Subaru―― or rather, the being who used to call himself that, squinted their eyes and carefully inspected themselves over and over again.

Dark eyeshadow and carefully curled eyelashes reflected back. The texture of their skin, the greatest point of difference between men and women, was coated with white powder; his lips were painted with a vermillion color that made them look fresh.

The costume had been quite the challenge, but he had been able to disguise his physique by wearing a lot of loose clothing, despite struggling to achieve a style that matched the southern climate.

At any rate, this time he would have to act not as the daughter of a nobleman, but in a looser and casual manner―― that of a traveling entertainer. Therefore, aside from gestures, the appearance needed to be more “female” in order to fit the design.

Subaru: [I’m going to gather as much of my body to my chest and stuff it to the limit…]

He had utilized every technique he could think of, pictured the encounters he had so far in his mind.

Starting with Emilia, then Felt and the loathsome Elsa, followed by Ram and Rem, plus Beatrice and Petra, setting Meili aside. After that, Priscilla, Crusch, Anastasia, and Ferris, who he should look up to as a mentor, and then Frederica. Then there were the Witches, well-dressed only in appearance, annoyingly―― he had gathered his imagination of “beauty” from all the beautiful girls, beautiful women, and beautiful girl-like beings he had met in this other world so far.

――He must constantly imagine himself as the most beautiful version of herself.

He did not need to think about anything else beyond the vision he held.

He had made the best move he could with what he currently had on hand, and arrived at the place where he needed to be.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [――This is me.]

His sight left the mirror, then he slowly took a deep breath and turned around.

Alone, after hours of trying to fight in solitude, he finally pushed open the door. Beyond it, he could see his friends with bated breath, waiting for the success or failure of this mission to take hold.

The women turned their attention to Subaru as he opened the door and stepped out.

Subaru: [――――]

There was silence, and he could feel the tense atmosphere.

His immediate anxiety refused to allow him to understand which emotion was causing the silence. Certainly, he was lacking a number of cards to play with. If he’d had that, if he’d had this, there would be no end to his regrets.

However, thinking about it, was it not about taking initiative?

One could not always go into battle in perfect condition. In any case, life was all about playing the cards one had been dealt, wasn’t it?

And it was when he found himself making excuses as if he had already lost the battle.

???: [… Brilliant .]

He heard the faint sound of air bursting and looked up.

There he saw that the true nature of this burst had been nothing of the sort. It was the sound of hands coming together. It was the sound of applause. The sound was a mixture of congratulations, admiration, and respect.

Subaru: [Mi…]

He looked at the person clapping and was about to call out in a manner unbefitting a lady, but stopped himself in time.

It was still incomplete. He gently put his hand to his throat and let the air bounce there in small puffs. Then, just as the gears clicked in his mind, he smiled,

Subaru: [Mizelda-san.]

Mizelda: [――Hk, no way , your voice ? What in the world , what in the world , how in the …!?] [1]

Subaru: [Once I’ve decided to do something, it’s my duty to do my best. There are lives that can be saved if I don’t cut corners. If that’s the case, then there’s only one thing I have to do.]

Mizelda: [Ooh…!]

The smile disappeared and he pointed one finger up towards the heavens.

The close thicket of trees prevented him from seeing the sun, but it was not the heavenly beings he had to show this to, only the many friends gathered here.

Look at them, from head to toe.

It didn’t matter if it was from the front, the back, the right, the left, or anywhere in between.

――He must constantly imagine himself as the most beautiful.

If he succeeded in tracing that image, succeeded in recreating the ideal, then he would have nothing to fear.

Here, with authority――,

Subaru: [――Natsumi Schwartz’s advent.]

That’s what Natsumi Schwartz heroically―― or rather, declared like a lady.

Mizelda, the woman who had stopped clapping in front of him, nodded deeply. She then lined up next to Natsumi, supporting his back with her hand,

Mizelda: [My world was too small . You were right, Subaru… No, Natsumi.]

Subaru: [You understand now, don’t you, Mizelda-san?]

Mizelda: [Ahh, it is frustrating , but I do understand now … Beauty can be made .]

Mizelda lowered the corners of her eyes and smiled gently, while Natsumi smiled back.

The People of Shudraq that were gathered there also looked at each other as they witnessed the beautiful scene. Then, applause rained down, coming as a belated blessing.

The applause continued to pour down, congratulating Natsumi on her unveiling.

And then――,

???: [What is this ?]

???: [ Uh ~]

The ones who couldn’t quite get over it watched the scene with their cheeks contorted into a frown.

△ ▼ △ ▼ △ ▼ △

Subaru: [And so, Natsumi Schwartz was born. I was a bit confused, since the different makeup tools and all, but I managed to get this much done.]

Rem: [Are you kidding me?]

Subaru: [Eh!?]

After returning to the meeting place and setting up another assembly, Natsumi―― or rather, Subaru’s words were answered by Rem, her gaze gelid, her tone glaciated .

Rem’s chilly attitude did not change even after showing her the results. Subaru pointed to his face and said,

Subaru: [I need fake eyelashes after all… For the wig. I managed to borrow some black hair from the Shudraq…]

Rem: [I’m not talking about that. I think the makeup and wigs are well done. But you don’t have to talk like a woman forever.]

Subaru: [Yes, but… the state of mind is also important, isn’t it? If I’m not careful on a regular basis, I never know where I might fall apart. Besides…]

Rem: [Besides?]

Subaru: [If I indulge in the fact that I’m a man, the goddess of beauty will turn her back on me and… Ouch ouch ouch!]

Just as Subaru was about to speak seriously, Rem pulled his ear quite hard.

He couldn’t help but get teary-eyed as he quickly moved away. Subaru decided to slip close to Mizelda, who was watching the proceedings.

Subaru: [Mizelda-anesama, I’m afraid of Rem-san…]

Mizelda: [Umm, don’t cry , Natsumi… Strangely enough , you look so cute, even though I know you’re Subaru. Taritta should learn from you .]

Taritta: [Sister!]

While her sister patted Subaru’s head, Taritta rolled her eyes at Mizelda’s ruthless comment.

However, Taritta’s face was much softer than it would normally be. That was because Subaru had rearranged the heavy makeup she usually wore, which could be called the war paint of the People of Shudraq, to make her look cuter.

The Shudraq were best known for their bravery and strength, but this time they were required to be both glamorous and dangerous, with a magical and sensuous quality that could drive men crazy.

Taritta and Kuna’s makeup was fun to apply once they decided to focus their beauty regimen in that direction.

Subaru: [You have a much younger face than I expected, Taritta-anesama. Your makeup looks great, it’s nice to show off your cuteness once in a while.]

Taritta: [Please don’t tease me ! First of all, I can’t be as pretty as you …]

Subaru: [Well, your lack of confidence is also cute! Right, Mizelda-anesama?]

Mizelda: [Yes, dear .]

Mizelda’s cheeks relaxed as Subaru leaned up to her and spoke softly. Taritta flinched at the sight of the two of them, and turned over with a slight blush on her cheeks.

Her brown skin made it hard to see her cheeks redden, but the makeup on her eyes and lips gave the impression of a slight blush, so it was easy to see the adorable change in her appearance.

Rem: [When are you going to stop fooling around!?]

Rem shattered such a flowery scene with a single shout.

Subaru and Taritta shrank as if hit by a gust of wind. Rem glared at them with her pale blue eyes, then looked at Kuna at the edge of the room.

Kuna, who, like Taritta, also had her makeup done along with her hair, jerked away.

Kuna: [W-what is it , for the record, I have nothing to do with this …]

Rem: [Kuna-san, I’m counting on you. Looking at those two, I see you’re the only one who’s sane… Are you seriously going along with this plan?]

Kuna: [I know I’m the only sane one, but …]

Kuna, who had her hair in twin tails, looked at Subaru and Taritta with an unmotivated look in her eyes.

It was an unpleasant assessment, but Subaru could only wait to see what would happen. Her look told him that he was insane, and thus was different from Taritta, who was shaking in shock.

Kuna let out a small exhale at the reaction of Subaru and the others.

Kuna: [The reason why he couldn’t do the mission has disappeared , you understand that too , right, Rem? Natsumi… Subaru doesn’t have a problem . Yeah, he’s more of a woman than the Chieftain .]

Rem: [I think that’s too rude to say about Mizelda-san…]

Kuna: [I don’t think it’s a problem . What’ll be a problem are our results over there …]

And just as Kuna was nearly done answering Rem’s questions,

???: [――It appears everyone is here.]

Kuna: [Oh, speaking of the devil …]

A pompous, undeceiving tone of voice enveloped the meeting hall, and a new figure appeared.

When Kuna’s gaze turned in that direction, Rem had no choice but to turn in the same direction. Naturally, Subaru, Mizelda, and the others’ gazes were drawn there as well.

Everyone: [――――]

At that moment, time stopped for everyone.

――No, to be precise, time stopped for everyone aside from the figure that appeared and Subaru, who had applied makeup to them.

Subaru: [I left the fine-tuning to you, but… you’re so good at it, it’s almost disgusting.]

Abel: [It does not elate me to be praised for my makeup skills. Nevertheless, your skills are impressive. So, even a finished product may become a whole new thing, huh. It looks even better than I imagined.]

Subaru: [Kuh, my margin for victory…!]

As he said this, Subaru gently bit his pinky finger in frustration.

Of course, there was no doubting his belief that beauty could be created. Subaru was also proud to say that he had proved this with his own body, using the few cards he had in hand.

However, there was still a difference in materials.

That was why――,

Rem: [Ah, Abel-san, right?]

Abel: [Who else would it be? Do not inquire such a silly question. No, if I have changed that much, then your surprise is appropriate for reference.]

In response to Rem’s trembling words, Abel―― or rather, Bianca, the being born from makeup, a wig, and a change of costume, clutched his five thin white fingers.

His raven black hair was long and lustrous, creating a perfect harmony with his beautiful face and slit eyes. The dancer’s costume bound his waist, splitting down his legs, showing just enough skin to attract attention.

Standing there was a beautiful dancer who had recreated extreme beauty, the best joker card in hand, that was essential to this plan.

Everyone else: [――――]

Bianca’s perfection was such that even Mizelda and the others had lost their voices.

That was different from Subaru’s Natsumi, where the shock was over the magnitude of the change. This was the pure shock that was brought about by the perfection of beauty that Abel’s Bianca had in spades.

The Shudraqian jewelry, which adorned the dancer’s costume and long hair, served only as a garnish to accentuate his real beauty.

Subaru remembered the smile on Mizelda’s face when she had lent them to him.

For some reason, Subaru’s heart ached when he remembered that smile. However, out of concern for Mizelda and the others, Subaru did not have the option of cutting corners.

How could he ruin this perfection himself?

Subaru’s ego as Natsumi Schwartz would not allow for such a thing.

Subaru: [It was surprising to me that you weren’t afraid of wearing makeup…]

Abel: [What, you think it a disgrace to dress up as a woman? For the record, this is not the first time I have done this. I have undergone such things many times in my childhood.]

Subaru: [As a child?]

Abel: [Yes. Considering my position, I would state it is a good idea to possess a wide range of ways to protect oneself.]

Subaru’s lips curved at Abel’s words, not Bianca’s, a beautiful woman who crossed her arms adorably.

Perhaps his past experiences were referring to the secret feuds he’d endured as a candidate to become the next Emperor, before actually taking up the seat.

In Vollachia, where the succession to the throne was apparently much more tumultuous than in Lugunica, it was easy to imagine the possibility of assassination being employed in the battle over who became the next Emperor.

In order to survive such a harsh life, he would have sometimes had to disguise his appearance and even gender.

Abel’s willingness to make sacrifices, including his own, seemed to have been shaped by his childhood, before he won the throne of the Emperor.

That was how it had come about, and now appeared in Abel’s Bianca, now dressed as a woman.

Subaru: [Still, it’s kind of annoying that you’re aware that you’re beautiful…!]

Abel: [That is exactly what is ridiculous. How can someone be in a position where they must be capable of looking at their country from a broad perspective, and not be able to see themselves objectively? Though you seem to have subverted that objective assessment of yourself through your own skills, I have no need for those kinds of petty tricks.]

Subaru: [Guh… Hk.]

Abel: [Do you know why tigers are strong? Tigers are strong because they are strong.]

Subaru was struck by a concept that he had heard from Garfiel as well.

The theory that tigers were strong because they were tigers, became attributed to the fact that Abel was beautiful because he was Abel. It was no longer the logic of violence.

It was the same as saying that Reinhard was strong because he was Reinhard.

In other words, it was a blunt view of the world.

Subaru: [Well, anyway… Flora’s thinking the same thing, isn’t she!?]

Flop: [Aren’t you jumping to conclusions there, Husband-kun?!]

Behind Abel followed an astonished Flop, now disguised as Flora.

He was also dressed up, and had the type of beauty that Subaru knew would make a finished product more complete just by fully utilizing the potential of his resources. In fact, unlike Subaru and Abel, he’d had his originally long hair only slightly tweaked, so it could be said that he was the one who brought out the most charm from the materials.

In fact, Subaru was confident that if they stood side-by-side, he wouldn’t be greatly inferior. But――,

Subaru: [There is a difference in the amount of time and effort that is put in… Must be divine favoritism…!]

Flop: [I’m sorry to hear you lamenting this, but you look great Husband-kun. You’re no longer Husband-kun, you’re Husband-san!]

Subaru: […I’m not satisfied with a compliment like that anymore.]

Flop: [Was that a compliment? I didn’t know it was.]

Flop’s frankness hadn’t changed even though he was now Flora. Anyway, that was fine in his case. Although he would need some acting guidance to follow the plan’s directions.

In this situation however, it was Abel who would be the most important.

Subaru: [Flora and I can play instruments. Therefore, your role is…]

Abel: [Dancing, huh. I do not require being told, I have the plan in my mind. The importance of my role alike. Besides…]

Subaru: [Besides?]

Abel: [I am not as excellent at dancing as my dead sister, but I am pretty close.]

His cheeks twisted, and even his triumphant, arrogant smile was beautiful.

Abel’s confident attitude was reassuring, and at the same time, it made Subaru’s heart burn with anticipation. In fact, Abel had demonstrated his devilishness without regret as a complete Bianca.

If Abel’s self-awareness was correct, Subaru could have high hopes for the dancing as well.

Subaru: [――. Alright then. If you have that much confidence, show me how good you are. After all, you can’t take back whatever you’ve spat out.]

Abel: [Whatever I spat out, huh…? Hmmm, as in, when one is being spat down upon by the clouds, you mean? That is quite a roundabout way of saying it, but that is fine. I shall display it to you.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [It is the least I can do, to reward you for offering this plan.]

Abel’s arrogance did not diminish, even when dressed as a woman, as if he never doubted himself.

Feeling both reassured and threatened by this, Subaru softly looked at Rem. Unfortunately, he couldn’t let her accompany him for his plan.

But still――,

Subaru: [Please pray for my safety. I’ll do my best for you.]

Rem: [――.――――.――――――――.――――――――――.Yes.]

Subaru: [It took you long enough to pray, didn’t it!]

Subaru shouted at Rem’s late reply, who looked sincerely mystified.

Louis, beside Rem, pulled her head back in tightly as she heard this. It seemed that even she could not recognize Natsumi as Subaru.

For the moment, it was a good thing that the reaction convinced him that he had gained some momentum for the mission.

△ ▼ △ ▼ △ ▼ △

――Operation “Kumaso Takeru”.

That was the name of the operation aimed at Zikr Osman, the Womanizer, and General Second-Class of the Empire.

Inspired by a tale out of the Kojiki, the name for the operation had been Subaru’s suggestion, fortunately, no one had not raised any objections.

It was uncertain if they had respected Subaru, the one who had come up with the plan, or if no one cared about the name of the operation in the first place, but it was a good thing that there had been no trouble over it. [2]

At any rate, there was no point in a plan in which the element of luck inevitably came into play.

Of course, they would spare no effort to improve their chances of success, but it was difficult to accrete luck. However, it was not a bad thing to gain a favorable condition, even if it was a small one.

――Leaving the Buddheim Jungle, the group set course for Guaral.

The five members of the party were Subaru’s Natsumi, Abel’s Bianca, Flop’s Flora, Taritta, and Kuna. The rest of the People of Shudraq were led by Mizelda in a separate party, with Rem, Louis, and Medium among them.

Hiding away from the city, they would need to attack the walls of the Fortress City and act as a diversion if the need arose. However, that was only an insurance policy.

A less-than-ideal insurance policy in case the plan fails. If the plan were to fail, Subaru and the others would be in a very dangerous situation by then.

Anyway――,

Subaru: [Personally, I think the first checkpoint’s the most important one.]

Subaru muttered this, looking up at the main gate, in which the front was glaring down at them from high above.

They were going to challenge the main gate again, which they had once forced their way through, albeit that had passed a few days ago. Naturally, after what had happened the other day, the security level at the checkpoint was higher than before.

In preparation for another invasion by rebels, special emphasis had been placed on dragon carriages, ox carts, and other vehicles that could hide people in their cargo. He could hear the shouts of merchants and travelers as their tools of the trade were mangled, their carts turned over, and their straw carefully poked with swords.

To be honest, he felt quite bad for them. However, considering the chaos that would occur in the city ahead, he thought it might be wise of them to turn back here.

Of course, there was no way he could give them that kind of advice, but――,

???: [――Next, what about you guys?]

A stern man’s rough voice struck Subaru’s eardrums as he pondered.

Upon looking up, he saw a bald-headed guard with a strong physique beckoning toward him. The man called the group forward, and Subaru hung his head reverently at the head of the group.

Subaru: [We are a troupe of traveling entertainers. We come to this city from the north.]

Guard: [Oh, traveling entertainers…]

Raising an eyebrow in curiosity, the guard also looked at the group behind Subaru.

Flora, carrying a musical instrument on her back, waved; Taritta, carrying her luggage on her back, bowed; Kuna draped a parasol over the person next to her, whose face was covered by a veil, not allowing anyone to see her expression.

The guard’s admiration for this rather atmospheric group could be sensed.

Subaru: [――――]

On the other hand, while maintaining an amiable smile, Subaru’s insides were tense.

He was familiar with the guard. He was the one who had been in charge of the main gate when Subaru had first met Flop and Medium when entering Guaral.

In other words, he could not have been a better choice for the first obstacle.

Guard: [But coming from the north, that must’ve been tough. It’s rumored that the Scorching Lady’s territory’s bustling with activity over there. Flocks of flying dragons are flying around.]

Subaru: [Yes, yes, that’s true. That’s why we couldn’t stay there for too long… On the other hand, this is a city protected by such a magnificent wall, so I’m sure it’s safe, right?]

Guard: [Uhhh, that’s…]

When Subaru flirted, with a faint smile on his face, the guard’s expression grew uncomfortable.

The reason for his reaction was probably that he too was aware that the Imperial Soldiers, whose camp had been burned to the ground, had fled into the city. On top of that, the commotion caused by Subaru and his companions the other day had probably made the Imperial Soldiers in the city more alert and the atmosphere tense.

That must have been the reason for the guard’s slurred speech.

That being the case, there was no reason not to take advantage of it.

Subaru: […Are you worried about something in this city, by any chance?]

Guard: […Yeah, kinda. It’s something that’s easy to find out even if you try to hide it. As a matter of fact, the Imperial Army’s stationed in this city right now, and they’re having trouble with the tribes to the east. So…]

Subaru: [Oh dear! That must be suffocating for the people of the city.]

Guard: [That’s right.]

Apparently exasperated, the guard leaned forward at Subaru’s words.

Although it was hard to distinguish between the two when not in contact with each other, guards and soldiers basically had different positions. Guards in a city belonged to that city only. Soldiers, on the other hand, belonged to the country, in this case the Empire. Their chain of command was also fundamentally different.

The guard in front of him was also a member of this city and had a duty to protect it.

However, the current situation was that the Imperial Army had taken over the City Hall, and the guards were being ordered to do this and that. The guards had no reason to be used as a toy by the Imperial Soldiers.

Guard: [In addition, they took over the city taverns by themselves, calling it “night patrol”. And since they don’t pay well, it’s not good for business. I can’t handle it anymore.]

Subaru: [Oh dear, oh dear, how terrible! My heart goes out to you. Between you and me, I’ve had my share of rough experiences with the arrogance of the Imperial Soldiers.]

Guard: [Oh, really? A beautiful woman like you…?]

After he threw in some agreeable reactions, the guard’s response softened at once at Subaru’s deep and loud approval. Actually, the man seemed to be quite friendly, so Subaru lowered his voice slightly, then said, “Yes,” and turned his head to look away.

Seeing that meaningful gesture, the guard said, “Oh, miss?” before he became flustered.

Guard: [Are you okay? If you don’t wanna talk, don’t bother…]

Subaru: [No, I’m fine. It’s an old, old story. It’s just that before, I was forcibly captured by the Imperial Soldiers and put in a cage and treated like a slave.]

Guard: [That’s…]

Subaru: [They sometimes did things like intentionally extend their feet to make me trip and fall, and at other times they would even threaten me with blades…]

Guard: [Tha-that’s unforgivable…!]

The guard clenched his fists in righteous indignation as Subaru tearfully recounted his past.

Seeing the man’s ears reddening in fury, Subaru muttered softly, “You’re so kind.”

Guard: [No, no, I’m not trying to be nice. Anyone’d feel the same way you do.]

Subaru: [Then, hey, Guard-sama. If you feel sorry for me, please let me in. If you do…]

Guard: [Then what?]

Subaru: [Then I’ll give a makeover to the atmosphere of this city, which the Imperial Army has made so bleak.]

His voice was quiet, but the enthusiasm in his voice was passionate.

Hearing this, the stern face of the guard flushed with surprise. His gaze turned to the troupe of traveling entertainers lined up behind Subaru.

Guard: […Ladies, what arts exactly are you gonna show us?]

Subaru: [Of course, we have traveled around the world and learned many different arts. I also like to sing, play a bit of music, and do a little magic. But…]

Guard: […Gulp.]

Subaru: [The best part of the show is the dance of the troupe’s flower, the danseuse.]

With those words, Subaru pointed to a figure standing in the center of the group, protected by a parasol. Her face was hidden by a veil, and she was the main attraction of the troupe.

The guard’s eyes widened and stiffened as he took in the gaze from behind the veil.

His throat was frozen, even though not everything was exposed.

Guard: [――――]

It was natural to be blinded and unable to move.

It was a masterpiece that would have frustrated even Subaru. “Beauty can be made ” , he had boldly stated, but true beauty was a creation of God.

After all, Subaru‘s beauty was nothing more than touch-up work in comparison to that.

However, even that one step was enough to sharpen his devilish beauty even more.

Subaru: [In addition to the danseuse, we’ll also sing and play music for you. We hope you will allow us to stay in Guaral.]

Guard: [――――]

Subaru: [Guard-sama?]

Guard: […Ah, aah, that’s right. I don’t see anything suspicious among your possessions…]

The guard muttered to himself as he came back to his senses after being nipped in the shoulder with a little pinch. He then put his hand on his chest and looked around at the group, breathing softly to check the beating of his heart.

And as much as possible, while consciously averting his gaze in order to not become mesmerized by that fiendish visage.

Guard: [You can come in. If you’re gonna perform somewhere, it’s better to stay away from the main gate. The main street in the middle of town’s a good place to start. The City Hall’s too crowded with soldiers to be a viable candidate.]

Subaru: [Well, that’s very kind of you… When will Guard-sama be available?]

Guard: [Oh, me? My shift ends just before dinner at dusk, and then I’ll go eat…]

Subaru: [Then please let me know where that restaurant is. I’m sure that if you bring some of your colleagues with you, we’ll be able to thank them for their hospitality towards us.]

He gently leaned in and whispered so into the guard’s ear.

When the guard raised his eyes in surprise, Subaru smiled at him and moved away. Then turning to his troupe mates, impatiently waiting at the checkpoint,

Subaru: [Okay, here we go, folks. Let’s clear the atmosphere in this city as a gift.]

With that, Subaru led the people who had stopped in their tracks and passed by the guard.

With the guard holding his ears and looking on in amazement, Subaru and the others walked proudly and unhindered through the main gate into the city.

Watching them go, the guard exhaled quietly――,

Guard: […Let’s try to finish work as soon as possible for today.]

He blurted this out.

Flop: [Well, that was a thing of beauty, Husband-san! I’m beginning to think that maybe you have more talent as a merchant than I do!]

A few moments after passing through the main gate with his luggage, Flop a.k.a. Flora praised Subaru’s behavior at the checkpoint with a twinkle in his eye.

There was no lie in his open-hearted words, and Subaru nodded cheerfully.

Subaru: [Yes! I’m honored by your praise. But I’m not a merchant by any means. I got my own business that I need to attend to.]

Flop: [Things you need to do? Like what?]

Subaru: [Of course, it’s not about being a lady…it’s about helping the people important to me.]

Flop: [――――]

Flop’s eyes widened slightly upon hearing Subaru’s words. However, he quickly relaxed his gaze and nodded, “Well, yes”.

Flop: [Then we need to make this plan work, and reassure Wife-san as soon as possible.]

Subaru: [And Flora, we don’t want to make Medium-san feel uneasy, do we?]

Flop: [Hahahaha! My sister would never be worried. My sister is a very tough girl, both physically and mentally. I can’t imagine her feeling down!]

Subaru agreed with Flop, who smiled cheerfully, albeit unlady-like.

Like Flop, he could not imagine Medium feeling down either. The two siblings must have helped each other through many a rough times.

That was why Subaru had a responsibility to help the two people he had gotten involved.

Subaru: [It’s getting harder and harder to mess up, isn’t it?]

???: [Wait, please wait , Subaru… No , Natsumi.]

Subaru braced himself, as he heard a weak voice from behind.

He looked over to see that it was Taritta, who was carrying the group’s luggage. She was unlike her usual self, as, after leaving the jungle, Taritta had changed her makeup.

Instead of the amazon-esque Shudraqian attire, she wore more fluttery clothing, and her image now was that of an exotic ethnic dancer.

Rather, it was less revealing than her usual attire, but as Taritta glanced around, her cheeks dyed red with embarrassment,

Taritta: [Hey, isn’t this kind of attention grabbing ? There’s something weird about Kuna and I …]

Kuna: [Don’t drag me into this, please . If you’re talking about something strange , there’s no one stranger than Natsumi. What the hell was that with that checkpoint just now ? You’re too good with men .]

By the side of the flustered Taritta, Kuna touched Subaru with her usual low intensity. After those words from her, Subaru put his hand on his cheek with an “Oh my”,

Subaru: [It’s not the first time I’ve dealt with a gentleman. And don’t worry, Taritta-san. It’s not that you or Kuna stand out. It’s all of us who stand out… Because we’re beautiful.]

Flop: [Because we’re beautiful!]

Nodding profoundly, Flop and Subaru both agreed.

In response, Taritta looked incredulous as she voiced out a “Beau… tiful…”

Taritta: [I-If you’re going to use words like that, then give them to my sister …]

Flop: [What are you saying, Miss Taritta? Your charm and your sister’s are two very different things. First of all, by no means am I disregarding my admiration for Miss Mizelda when I pay my compliments to you. She’s a different case, and you two are in entirely different categories!]

Taritta: [――Hk!]

In an instant, Flop took Taritta’s hand and said this with a radiant smile.

Taritta’s eyes widened at the vigor of it, and her mouth slowly opened and then closed rapidly. As the blush on her cheeks grew, Subaru put his hand over his mouth and let out a “My oh my”.

Kuna: [Give me a break . Taritta’s particularly attached to the Chieftain, and has hardly ever left the forest . That’s why she’s not very tolerant .]

Subaru: [Well, she’s smiling. But you’re calm, right?]

Kuna: [I’ve been sneaking out of the woods more often than not , and I’ve never had a great and fearsome sister … I have a younger sister who’s quite a handful .]

In the back of Kuna’s closed mind, the person was probably Holly.

They were like sisters, like best friends, like parent and child. However, Taritta’s words could not be ignored.

???: [――――]

Around them, attention was certainly focused on the crossdressing Subaru walking down the streets past the checkpoint.

In addition to their unusual attire, the entire city was on edge as the Imperial Soldiers were on high alert. Naturally, the citizens of the city would be very suspicious of strangers.

If that was the case, then――,

Abel: [――It is an opportunity.]

Subaru: [Only for curious eyes, isn’t it?]

Under the parasol, a sharp gaze pierced Subaru’s profile from within the veil’s shadow.

Nudged to stop talking nonsense, Subaru replied with a sultry, “Yes”. However, Subaru agreed with the danseuse that this was a good opportunity.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [Let’s follow the advice of the guards and make our debut on the main street!]

Flop: [All right, si… No, Miss Natsumi!]

Flop followed along as Subaru decided to start the performance off with a bang right on the spot.

They took off part of their costumes, exposing their shoulders, stomachs, and backs. They then stepped out, each holding an instrument in their hands, poised at the sides of the main street.

And then――,

Subaru: [Come on, come by and take a look! I will now show you a song and dance that has been handed down through time and across the world, from beyond the Great Waterfall of the far East! This is from a traveling troupe that has come to the city today to perform!]

Subaru intoned a promotional line loudly, and then Flop, who had received eye contact, began to play the lyulyre, a stringed instrument held in his hand.

The light sounds combined to form music, which drew even more attention from the people who heard it.

???: [Oh, what’s going on?]

???: [They say they’re traveling entertainers! Music, music!]

???: [Wow, that’s quite a collection of beauties…]

The people walking down the street, lured in by Subaru’s words and Flop’s music, stopped or peeked out from the inside of buildings, having their attention drawn by the troupe.

Subaru and Flop were on the lead instruments, as Taritta and Kuna followed with simpler percussion instruments, such as castanets.

Subaru was grateful enough that since Flop was more skilled than expected, so he had no qualms with the music. More importantly, the odds of victory were roughly fifty percent.

Subaru: [From now on, we will sing and dance a story from a different world, far, far away! It is a story of people, dragons, demons, and strange beings that cannot be expressed in words. Please, everyone, relax and enjoy to your heart’s content!]

With a smile on his face and an excited tone of voice, the anticipation built up as Flop’s performance with Subaru reached its first climax.

Everyone was in love with their performance and the beauty of the musicians, but the real deal was right after this.

And just as the music crescendoed into its apex――,

???: [――――]

A black-haired dancer slowly removed the thin silk she was wearing, and stepped out into the street.

Upon lifting the veil with one hand and revealing his face, the people who had been listening to the music turned their gazes towards him, as a shock feeling like a punch to the gut permeated them.

Yes, that was it. He wanted that reaction, that look, and yet, he was upset.

Subaru: [It’s so frustrating.]

As he played his instrument, Subaru expressed his inner frustration of being beaten.

Deep in his heart, he felt defeated. But it should feel good to be beaten by something of such high caliber. But that was a lie. A sense of defeat was ultimately a sense of defeat, and it was frustrating.

However, this calmness just before it all turned into a frenzy was the key to this plan

Then, to the fullest extent, they could charm the people of Guaral with this dance.

Subaru: [Now, you’re up, Bianca――!]

Abel: [――――]

After glancing at Subaru with a flushed look, Abel a.k.a. Bianca slowly raised his arm.

One fluid movement, of merely raising an arm. In spite of this, his gestures had an elegance that exuded from deep within his being. It melted into the air and instantly dominated the main street.

A flowing, beautiful, and solemn dance began.

The dance that accompanied the music was something that Abel had originally mastered, but with Subaru’s own twist, was probably new to everyone.

Yet, it even dispensed a need for any sort of manipulation or petty tricks.

With Subaru’s tweaks, what had been a solid dance was now far superior.

Audience: [――――]

The audience forgot to breathe as their gaze was enraptured by the beautiful dance. It was a cry of beauty that appealed to their instincts, it told them not to take their eyes off it even for a moment. To put it bluntly, this was what the eyes were meant to behold.

Abel’s dance was arrogant and pompous, confronting his audience with such thoughts.

――It said, “Look at me”.

The sight of the mesmerized and stunned crowd was frightening to Subaru, even though he had been the one to come up with the idea.

If there were a thief here, the people standing around would have their pockets openly searched and would not even notice if someone took their wallets. ――No, that assumption was not valid, since even a thief would not be able to take their eyes off Abel’s dance.

???: [――――]

It was only one song and dance, lasting less than five minutes of time. The performers had been concentrating on not making any mistakes, but Subaru wondered if anyone would have even noticed if they had messed up. To be honest, Subaru’s true thoughts were that it would be doubtful.

Once the performance ended, Abel’s heels and toes made ground.

Seeing this posture, the audience finally realized that the dance was already over and Abel was just standing there.

Immediately, the main street was filled with applause and cheers.

Just as Subaru had hoped, just as he had aimed for, it was a resounding response.

However, unlike Flop, who was holding up his instrument and responding to the cheers, Subaru was smiling to the crowd with mixed feelings.

At any rate――,

Abel: [――Hmm.]

He had no idea what to say to Abel, who smiled triumphantly at him.

△ ▼ △ ▼ △ ▼ △

The reputation of the troupe in the Fortress City of Guaral had been determined by the great success of their first performance.

A demonstration of sorts set on the principal avenue, but the response had been far greater than they had expected, and so the troupe’s activities after that became much easier.

However――,

Subaru: [Don’t forget that we were only brought into the spotlight because of our novelty. Our performance is just a hasty effort… Our act now is merely a passing fancy.]

Flop: [I see! In other words, we need to work on our skills steadily, don’t we, Husband-kun?]

Subaru: [Yes. That’s why we need to work tirelessly and be alert every day!]

Subaru clenched his fists firmly while Flop, who sat upright, nodded with a smile.

In contrast to his loud voice, Flop was a very good listener and responded quickly. Admirably, Subaru’s speech gained momentum thanks to Flop.

Anyway, it was not Flop that Subaru really should be talking to.

Subaru: [You two! Don’t let your guard down.]

Taritta: [Uh-oh, now we got caught in the crossfire .]

Kuna: [W-we did …?]

When Subaru pointed at them, Taritta and Kuna immediately looked displeased.

Inside the inn, the two of them had taken off the clothes they’d dressed up in, and gone back to their Shudraqian style, which appeared almost like underwear. While working as members of the troupe, they were properly dressed, but as soon as they entered the secluded inn, they looked like this.

Subaru: [You’re slacking too much.]

Taritta: [I’m not saying we’re not relaxing , but on the other hand what about her …?]

Subaru: [What do you mean? Actually, what are you even talking about? You know, I find these conversations without a clear subject pretty annoying.]

Taritta: [Natsumi, that’s what . Why you would pretend to be something you’re not, even when no one’s looking , is beyond Kuna and I . Is it really necessary ?]

Subaru: [Pretending to be something I’m not…?]

Having no clue, Subaru replied questionably, and Taritta and the others were taken aback.

Naturally, “It’s a joke,” Subaru said, as he dispelled their surprise.

Subaru: [Nevertheless, I can’t accept that notion. You know why? “The devil is in the details”, as they say, and it’s the seemingly useless details that bring about the reality of the situation. That’s precisely why it’s essential to…]

Flop: [Not cut corners in places outside the public eye, is what you’re saying. Mhmmhm, as expected, Husband-kun… No, Miss Natsumi! I’m learning a lot!]

Flop was truly a student worth teaching, as that was an answer worth one hundred points.

That said, in regards to the point that he couldn’t correct himself from using “Boku” as his first person pronoun, no matter how much he tried; Kuna looked in protest at Subaru, but he passed it off with a smile.

――At that moment, Subaru and his troupe of traveling entertainers were staying at an inn in Guaral.

It had already been three days since they had begun their infiltration, and in that time, they had performed a total of ten times, receiving a more-than-adequate response.

He had not been in need of money to begin with, as he had the proceeds from the sale of the Elgina’s horn, but a good amount of money continued to come in for each show, so he thought it to be a really profitable venture.

Subaru: [I think it’s time to move on to the next phase.]

Gently placing his finger on his chin, Subaru hoped for a change in their stagnant situation.

In fact, their current situation was going so well that it was almost too good to be true. Every show was a great success, and the citizens, including the guards, displayed a lot of interest.

This was due to the perfection of Bianca’s dancing, as well as the conversational skills of Natsumi and Flora.

Bianca’s mysteriousness was also a selling point, and since she rarely appeared in public except to dance, Natsumi and the others naturally took over the role of gathering information.

Initially, the plan had been for Subaru’s Natsumi and Flop’s Flora to take over the task, since Abel a.k.a Bianca was unable to speak in a female voice.

Subaru: [Strangely enough, no one’s suspicious of Flora, right? She hasn’t even changed her voice.]

Flop: [Haha, I don’t have any special skills like Miss Natsumi. But I’ve been traveling alone with my sister for a long time. Maybe I’ve picked up some of my sister’s habits or something, and that could’ve given me this feminine-like aura.]

Subaru: [So it’s from Medium…]

Flop happily proposed his new theory, but the Medium that appeared in Subaru’s brain was beautiful in appearance, and her ever-changing facial expressions were adorable and charming. However, the theory that her presence’d had an effect on Flora’s current perfection was something that could be debated.

Abel: [――You have a lot of time to waste, do you not?]

Subaru: [Hm.]

A cold, icy voice interrupted the conversation between Subaru and the others.

It was Abel, the dancer of the troupe, who was sitting on a chair by the window without the wig on his head, that had finally decided to join the conversation.

Abel had danced in various places as the star of the show day after day, and although he attempted not to show it, a slight hint of fatigue could be seen.

Of course, he would never admit it, but spending time in Guaral placed a heavy burden on the body and mind. They were always keeping their guard up being behind enemy lines. Subaru, as Natsumi, was also constantly reminding himself to not lose his calm demeanor.

One never knew what tragedy would await them if they became discouraged behind enemy lines.

At first, this strategy had been regarded as a joke by both Rem and Mizelda.

However, Subaru had proposed the plan in a serious manner, and they had discussed it together to increase the chance for success. He was not so pessimistic as to give up and lament that the plan had failed.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [Bianca, why don’t you get some rest? After all this time, I’ve never seen you sleep.]

Flop: [I’m not sure what you’re talking about, Miss Natsumi. It’s impossible that… huh? Huh? Now that you mention it, I don’t remember seeing Miss Bianca sleeping either.]

Flop tried to laugh at Subaru’s point, but then went serious upon noticing how that rang true. Not paying attention to Flop, Abel snorted and ignored it.

Abel’s strong sense of caution was ongoing, and he did not lower his guard with Subaru and the others.

Of course, Subaru understood that it was not easy for a man in his position to be able to open up to others.

But the fact that he could not show any signs of relaxation, even to his comrades who were undertaking this life-threatening mission alongside him, was more than a little tiring.

As usual, he would not even blink both eyes at the same time, Despite the fact nobody here would do anything were he to close both of them.

Subaru: [That way of life is tiring, isn’t it?]

Abel: [――Are you really the one telling me this?]

Abel frowned back at Subaru, the latter conveying his honest thoughts.

Hearing this, Subaru was unable to comprehend it all. It was true that Abel’s way of life was definitely suffocating, and Subaru’s was not.

Abel: [It is especially pathetic that you are not aware of it, but I forgive you. Keep doing your best.]

Subaru: [You don’t have to tell me, I’ll keep living. As for you…]

Abel: [Closing both eyes signifies surrendering the right to life and death to the other. I do not take myself lightly enough to allow that to happen, even for a moment.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [Do not lose your sense of tension, I am sure you have touched on it before.]

With those words, the ones Subaru wished to retort with were blocked.

Subaru stared at Abel’s profile with a bitter feeling, but he was no longer being taken seriously. Abel, who had taken off his wig and jewelry, wore feminine outfits at the inn, so that he could change into Bianca as soon as something happened. That was the justification as to why he looked so good without his wig, even though he should be in an unbalanced state without it.

This was the beauty of the tense atmosphere that was the result of the “ever-present battlefield” mindset Subaru had told the others, Flop included, to maintain.

And while he was thinking about Abel’s cold profile――,

Abel: [――There is movement.]

Subaru: [Wha?]

Muttering this, Abel stood up from his chair and went to his bunk. Subaru was taken aback as he witnessed how quickly he had put on the wig that had been left there. However, the meaning of that action was made clear immediately.

Loud and uninhibited footsteps came up from downstairs, and the door to Subaru and the others’ room was violently slammed.

???: [So this is where the traveling troupe is. Open up. It’s a messenger from the City Hall.]

Subaru: [Ah, j-just a minute, sir!]

???: [Haha, don’t make me laugh, I ain’t waiting. We’re soldiers.]

A hoarse voice mocked the panicked Subaru, and the door of the room opened unceremoniously. Then, a man dressed in the red and black uniform of a soldier strolled into the room.

The man had two swords on his back, his face twisted with joy as he hid his violent impulses, one that Subaru had already seen―― Jamal.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Jamal: [Don’t be so frightened, I ain’t gonna eat you.]

Jamal snapped his teeth at Subaru, who involuntarily gasped and stiffened. With an eye patch over his right eye, he glared over the room with his left, not bothering to hide his unrefined attitude, chuckling “Heh heh”. He then looked at Taritta and the others in their underwear, who had been slow to react.

Behind him, other than Jamal, there were four other soldiers. Apparently, it was Jamal who led them, and no one dared to interrupt his rough and brutish demeanor.

With his men following behind him, Jamal nodded his head in agreement.

Jamal: [I see, we got some beautiful ladies here. When I heard those lovestruck bureaucrats talking ‘bout it, I thought they were exaggerating…]

Subaru: [Soldier-sama, what can I do for you…?]

Jamal: [――I’m talking right now, woman.]

The tension in the air made Subaru chew the inside of his mouth. Jamal suddenly grabbed Subaru’s neck with his hand.

Not with the intention of breaking it, but with a soft touch to stop him from speaking―― still, the agility of his movement and the strength of his grip made him feel just how vast the difference of their abilities was.

After all, Jamal, despite his appearance and bad attitude, was very good at what he did. Up to that point, he was probably the most skilled person Subaru had laid eyes upon in the Empire―― although scary and strong were two different things.

Jamal: [You’ve got a nice, defiant look in your eyes. I like those sharp eyes, too.]

Subaru: [Ah, I’m flattered by your compliments… Kh.]

Jamal: [I also like the fact you don’t talk too much. How ‘bout I invite you to my bedroom tonight and…]

Jamal’s face was close to Subaru’s, as he looked at him with a lascivious stare.

Even at such a close distance, he did not seem to have noticed Subaru’s true identity. That in itself was welcome, but it seemed to have tugged at his heartstrings in the opposite sense.

He had received such invitations before, but he had always been able to avoid them with a smile and a good story. But when dealing with Imperial Soldiers, it became hard to refuse.

――It was then that a strong wind blew.

Subaru: [――Oh.]

Unexpectedly, a breeze more forceful passed through the room, and Subaru’s black hair flew up and tickled Jamal’s cheek. After a moment of annoyance, Jamal turned his attention to the window and saw a figure standing there.

It was the black-haired dancer who was causing a stir in Guaral, standing there, wig back on and holding his elbows in a relaxed manner. Catching the figure head-on, Jamal whistled in surprise.

It was a great show of boldness, whereas most of the people were stuck admiring her.

Jamal: [Haha, so this is the danseuse I’ve heard so much about. No wonder you could pull it off.]

Abel: [Hmph.]

After Jamal released Subaru with a breath of surprise and admiration, he quickly approached Abel. He then grabbed him and made the danseuse face him.

Even though he was unaware, he was holding the Emperor’s precious face in his grasp, giving him a crude smile.

Subaru thought that was exactly what someone had meant when saying ignorance was bliss.

Abel: [――――]

Jamal: [You’re a thick-skinned woman, unlike that one. But that’s also okay.]

Abel squared his jaw and quietly stared at his opponent. While Subaru was on edge, Jamal sniffed as he engaged in the Empire’s utmost level of disrespect.

Then, Jamal turned around with his grip still on Abel’s chin and――,

Jamal: [Rejoice, traveling entertainers! I’m here to invite y’all to a feast at the City Hall. Zikr Osman, General Second-Class, who runs this city, requests your presence.]

Subaru: [Zikr Osman, the General Second-Class…!]

Jamal: [Ah, ain’t it an honor? For a traveling entertainer to be invited to join a General Second-Class of the Empire.]

――Subaru clenched his fists subconsciously, as if to say So it begins.

Jamal’s pompous words overcame the disrespectfulness of the scene and sent a shock of surprise and joy through Subaru.

Zikr Osman, General Second-Class! It seemed as though they had caught the exact fish they were trying to hook.

Jamal: [No way you traveling entertainers are gonna turn me down, right?]

Subaru: [That…]

Flop: [Of course not! We’d hoped to bring song and dance to the Imperial Soldiers! It was the true meaning of our trip!]

Jamal: [Good answer! I like that.]

Subaru’s hesitation was overshadowed by a more immediate answer from Flop.

Flop’s charm, which allowed him to open himself to any opponent, was on full display here against Jamal.

Jamal, feeling good about Flop’s crisp answer, quickly and roughly released Abel’s face, then staggered to the entrance of the room.

And then――,

Jamal: [Get ready to go. I’m taking y’all to the City Hall.]

Subaru: [What? If you’ve invited us, we’d like to join you lat…]

Jamal: [Hahaha, don’t worry ‘bout it. We’ve been told to bring you there. This is our job, too. You can change right now. I’ll also have my men in the back carry your belongings.]

Subaru: [――――]

Jamal: [It’s a Generals-only banquet tonight. We lowly soldiers can only hope for more after tomorrow. So…]

With no intention of letting them go, Jamal’s vulgar gaze harassed everyone in the room

Apparently, they could not afford to ruin his good mood. Fortunately, Subaru, Abel, and Flop were all at least dressed as women.

Taritta and Kuna, who were in most danger, were clearly women, so there was no need to worry that their lack of preparation would derail the mission. That said――,

Jamal: [Take your time.]

But the humiliation of having to clean up the room while they watched them unceremoniously change their clothes and pack their bags was hard to shake off. However――,

Flop: [Got it! Come on, everyone, let’s get ready! We don’t want to keep the soldiers waiting! Let’s get this done right!]

Subaru: [Flora…]

Flop: [This is so unlike you, Miss Natsumi! Neither blood nor tears suit you.]

Subaru: [――――]

His boiling anger disappeared at Flop’s words, who then smiled at him.

The words which he had taken the trouble to add at the end, were taken as a dare to remind Subaru of the purpose of the Bloodless Siege.

Subaru: [――. Yes, you’re right. Here, you and Bianca prepare yourselves! Especially since Bianca is a clod who can’t do anything but dance!]

Abel: [――――]

Taking advantage of Abel’s inability to speak, Subaru delivered a scathing assessment of Bianca. Abel’s gaze stabbed him, but Subaru brushed it off.

He quickly cleared up the luggage in the room, changed his clothes to go up to City Hall, and forced himself to behave as Jamal wished.

At best, he could only whistle and enjoy watching them change.

Subaru was sure the biggest shock and regret of Jamal’s life would be waiting for him at the time the operation went according to plan.

That was the reason why――,

Flop: [No! I don’t think you have to go so far as to need to shake your butt, Miss Natsumi!]

△ ▼ △ ▼ △ ▼ △

Even to the untrained eye, there was nothing in the City Hall that looked like military equipment.

Since the building was used for the management of the city during peacetime, it was only natural that no military equipment was prepared here. Even so, there were currently more than three-hundred Imperial Soldiers in the city, and more than five-hundred if the guards were included, so the defensive power was sufficient.

More importantly――,

Subaru: [We’ve succeeded in sneaking into their bosom, but…]

Inside the building, Subaru chuckled as he took a look at the map in his mind.

Operation “Kumaso Takeru” was progressing unexpectedly smoothly. He hoped that if the beautiful traveling entertainers became the topic of conversation in the city, the General known as the Womanizer would take an interest in them―― and ultimately invite them to a banquet which would allow Subaru and the others to seize their target.

By being invited directly to the City Hall, Subaru could see an opportunity to realize their plan.

At the same time, however, another problem surfaced.

Subaru: [We’re going to have to carry out the operation tonight…]

There was no time to tell this to Mizelda and the others in the second squad.

Jamal, who had come to pick up Subaru and the others at the inn, had not allowed them to make contact with the outside world, not out of caution, but because of his perverseness.

There was no mistake that Jamal was a troublesome person, as he had bad intuition, yet compensated with good skills.

Even inside the City Hall, Subaru and his team’s activities were restricted, and since they could not take separate actions for any reason during the course of the meeting, they had yet to inform the other team of tonight’s plans.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [We need to contact the outside world from inside the City Hall.]

There was also the possibility of failure, but if Subaru and the others’ operation succeeded, it would be necessary to disarm the other Imperial Soldiers inside the city.

Naturally, this would require a certain amount of strength, so regardless of the success or failure of Operation “Kumaso Takeru”, they needed to be in a position to cooperate with the outside world.

That was why he was undergoing a lot of trial and error.

Subaru: [I don’t know what she’s thinking, but Bianca’s unreliable…]

It sounded good to say that he was concentrating on this evening’s banquet, but ever since they had been invited to City Hall and isolated in confinement within the waiting room, Abel had been silent.

Of course, he understood that cooperation with the outside world would determine the success or failure of this plan, but he had not responded to Subaru’s advice.

Flop was also extremely supportive, and to be honest, he had been a great help, but he did not pose as an appropriate person to discuss the plan to bring down the City Hall with. First of all, Subaru did not want to do something that would cause him any more trouble.

In other words――,

Subaru: [I have to do something about it.]

Clenching his fists, Subaru fired himself up in the bathroom he was led to.

Subaru and the others had been ordered not to leave the waiting room, but as expected, they would never forbid them from going to the bathroom. Nevertheless, they could not act recklessly, as the City Hall would immediately be flooded with Imperial Soldiers if they showed any suspicious behavior.

Subaru glanced at the windows, but unfortunately could not even try to go outside, as they had been fitted with iron bars, and because the waiting room itself was located on the third floor of the building.

He did not think the soldiers were particularly wary of Subaru and the others. However, the idea of leaving them completely unguarded was out of the question. That may be the manifestation of imperialism.

In the worst case scenario, the idea of reconsidering the decision to go ahead with the operation tonight at the banquet came to Subaru’s mind.

Subaru: […Even if we could miss the banquet, we wouldn’t be able to avoid the invitation afterwards.]

They were a troupe of traveling entertainers with beautiful women.

In the first place, when it came to bringing down the so-called Womanizer, it was easy to imagine that the goal was dancing, performing arts, and the nightly fun that lay ahead.

Even if he could avoid the advances of the citizens, it would be difficult for him to refuse the advances of an Imperial Soldier, and a General at that. And there was nothing he could do if they took him to the bedroom.

After all, this was still just crossdressing, and there was no universal guide to what to do from there on out.

Subaru: [I mean, if that happens, it’s g ame over with a bad ending.]

So, he needed to settle things tonight at all costs.

Besides, even if by some miracle they were able to avoid tonight’s invitation, if Jamal’s words were true, there would be a banquet tomorrow that would be attended by ordinary soldiers, rather than the Generals.

Common soldiers―― that would, of course, include the one Subaru wanted to meet the least.

Subaru: [――――]

To be honest, when Jamal had come into the inn, Subaru thought his heart would stop.

He was relieved that he had not recognized Natsumi as Subaru, but that didn’t erase all of the danger―― there was still a chance that he could have been killed by that arrow.

Subaru: [I don’t want to call that too high a hope, do I?]

It was a difficult state of mind to be in.

He did not want to see him again, yet he also did not want him to be dead. It was complicated.

Even Subaru knew that there was evil in this world that could not be allowed to live. The Sin Archbishops were one of them, and they all stood for unforgivable sins.

So, if it were a Sin Archbishop, Subaru would be willing to let them die without hesitation. But he was not one of them; he was only the object of Subaru’s fear, not evil.

First of all, if he were to put it that way, what about Louis, one of the Sin Archbishops, who he continued to overlook without a second thought?

Subaru: [――. It’s no good. Right now, I need to focus on the plan in front of me.]

It was ridiculous to be worrying about his foundation collapsing now.

Generally speaking, it was not just his foundation. Although he was now wearing makeup, his body and mind were still in tatters everywhere.

Subaru was good at making use of what little he held in hand, and that was what made him special.

Subaru: [I can’t stay here much longer, can I?]

After a thorough search of the bathroom, he concluded that, unfortunately, there was nothing there that could be used. He needed to think about other methods of contacting the outside world.

There was also the guard waiting in front of the bathroom, the watchmen who kept them from wandering around inside the City Hall, and besides, Subaru really didn’t want to be suspicious.

They may have to rethink the plan. If the situation became more pressing, Abel might understand this viewpoint.

Subaru: [I’m sorry to keep you waiting. I’ve been a little nervous.]

Guard: [Hmm, oh, don’t worry. I just found someone to talk to.]

Subaru: [Someone to talk to?]

As Subaru quietly walked out of the bathroom, the soldier on guard duty who had been waiting for him responded. He seemed to be talking to someone who was passing by, who, with a twitch of their chin, looked over and said――,

???: [――Oh, so you’re the dancer invited as this evening’s entertainment.]

――Subaru’s heart froze as he saw a face there that he definitely did not want to see.

Subaru: [Ah, ku…]

???: [Hm? What’s the matter? You look so startled. Oh, come on, I’m not going to eat you.]

Seeing Subaru’s throat tremble, the other person laughed and cracked a joke.

It was a quip that he had heard from Jamal at the inn only a short time ago. But unlike Jamal, who had delivered it because of his dirty mind, he couldn’t brush it off this time.

He wanted to ask if he really did not want to eat him.

Guard: [What, did you do something, Todd?]

Todd: [Me? Don’t be ridiculous, there’s nothing I can do. My wounds are so severe that I’ve been bedridden for quite a bit. I’m barely able to walk around.]

Guard: [That’s true, too. So it’s like she hated your face physiologically?]

Todd: [That’s rather hurtful…]

The man scratching his head and having a friendly conversation with the soldier on guard―― Todd.

The object of fear that made Natsuki Subaru most wary, and the one that made him question the morality of killing those outside of the Sin Archbishops. That was the nightmare personified that was chatting in front of him.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

He needed to say something; Subaru thought, his brain revolving at high speed.

Silence was not good. He must not give even a hint of suspicion. Todd would find out and use it as an excuse to attack.

He did not need evidence or proof. If he had a suspicion, he would try to crush it.

Therefore――,

Todd: [Hey, seriously, what’s wrong with you? Wait, have we already…]

Subaru: [Ah, I’m sorry… it’s just that…]

Todd: [It’s just that?]

The same words were repeated quietly, but his heart felt like it was going to flip over.

He wanted to end the conversation by saying he just didn’t feel well. But just before he said it, he wondered if it was really okay.

Illness was a common excuse, but it would be a lie. He felt like Todd could see through a lie.

If Subaru tried to use his knowledge gained from Return by Death, Todd would understand his intentions and thrust a knife into him. Lies would be found out. Definitely.

Lies must be avoided.

He was not just feeling bad, Subaru was having a hard time breathing right now――,

Subaru: [I’m a little, well, scared…]

Todd: [Scared? Of me?]

Subaru: [Not just you. I hate to say this, but… I was brought here a little too forcefully.]

He averted his gaze, and tried not to look Todd in the eye.

Each and every movement caused doubt to swirl in Subaru’s mind, as he tried to ascertain if he had succeeded or failed. He felt like if he were to be looked in the eye, his lie would be found. He felt like if he lied, they would see through him.

He was not lying. He was definitely afraid of Todd. There was no twisting that fact.

Hearing Subaru’s desperate answer, Todd closed one eye.

Todd: [When she says they were forced to be brought here, who was it that took them?]

Guard: [Uh, I believe it was Private First-Class Aurélie.]

Todd: [Oh, Jamal. That makes sense, then. Well, sorry if he scared you.]

Subaru: [Eh…]

Todd, who was convinced by the exchange with the guard, said so and apologized to Subaru.

When Subaru peeled his eyes away at his unexpected attitude, Todd scratched his cheek with his fingers.

Todd: [I wouldn’t say he’s a bad… guy. Jamal’s got a bad mouth and personality, and he’s not very smart. But he’s not a bad guy. He’s just being himself.]

Subaru: [Ha, ha…]

Todd: [If you could, would you please be open-minded and forgive him? It looks like he’s going to be my brother-in-law. His angelic sister, who looks nothing like him at all, is my fiancée.]

Subaru was puzzled by Todd’s words that came with a wry smile.

From the looks of it, Todd did not seem to be distrustful of Subaru’s words or actions. Rather, he seemed to be sympathetic and concerned about Subaru’s involvement with Jamal.

Here, Subaru was unable to hide his astonishment at the skill he had mastered for the art of crossdressing and the fact that he had been saved by Jamal, who was usually crude and problematic.

His days of pursuing beauty, having thought they were for nothing, had not been in vain.

Even the sexual harassment he had received from Jamal proved itself useful.

???: [――Oh! Hey, Todd, what the hell are you doing out here!]

While Subaru was thinking about it, a shout of anger echoed through the corridor.

It was Jamal, raising his voice and making rough footsteps. Upon noticing Jamal’s approach, Todd put his hand on his forehead.

Todd: [Oops. You found me…]

Jamal: [I didn’t find you! The guy with a hole in his stomach should rest! You thought you can’t trust what you don’t see with your eyes, didn’t you?]

Todd: [No, no, no, I trust you. I trust you. You’re surprisingly diligent and you do your job well. But even if they work diligently, screw-ups are always gonna be screw-ups, right?]

Jamal: [That’s what I mean when I say you only trust your eyes…!]

Jamal clicked his tongue at Todd’s reply, who raised his hands and shrugged his shoulders.

But when Jamal, who was approaching with a snort, noticed Subaru beside Todd, his expression changed from anger to a smile.

Jamal: [Oh, you’re that sideshow girl, aren’t you? You’re the one I like the most out of all of them. Hey, if you don’t get invited tonight…]

Todd: [Ah, yes, yes, enough enough.]

Jamal, with a fond look in his eyes, reached out and tried to grab Subaru’s shoulder. However, of all people, it was Todd who stopped Jamal’s hand.

Todd grabbed Jamal’s wrist and gave him another “Enough” as his cheeks contorted.

Todd: [You’re scaring her with your attitude. This girl who I’d never met before got scared all of a sudden, and that stung.]

Jamal: [I didn’t do anything at all. I don’t know why you’re interrupting me in the first place… No way, you… with that woman…!?]

Todd: [Don’t joke about it, Jamal. Your sister’s the only one for me. You know that, right?]

Jamal: [It’s complicated for a brother to be told that his sister is someone’s only love…]

Jamal muttered with a venomous look on his face, as he shook off Todd’s hand.

He then glanced at Subaru, but the way his cheeks were drawn together seemed to dissuade him from messing with him any further.

Surprisingly, Jamal also had some sense. Or perhaps he had the heart to be hurt by being scared by someone he thought was a little too nice.

Either way――,

Todd: [Anyhow, let’s get going. We’re not going to be able to attend today’s banquet anyway.]

Jamal: [That said, I’m getting tired of trying to close the holes in the city’s defences.]

Todd: [It won’t be boring. It’s a guarantee, a guarantee. ―― That’s where the enemy will come from, absolutely.]

With a chuckle, Todd’s sharp words scratched Subaru’s chest.

He praised his choice in his heart, thinking that the idea of using a secret path had been seen through. Then, after praising himself――,

Todd: [By the way, what’s your name?]

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru was not sure if Todd had seen his distraction.

The feint-like question made Subaru seriously think that he was going to lose consciousness.

He had been asked for his name. Why, why, why, the questions raged.

Wouldn’t he at least ask his name? ――No, Todd wouldn’t ask. That was why Rem had been wary of Todd from the beginning. Because of his bad relationship with him, Subaru had not exchanged names with him this time. Should he give his name, or not, what should he do?

Todd: [Please, just tell me.]

The request was repeated, and Subaru gasped.

Resigned to not being able to pull off an answer, he smiled as nonchalantly as possible and reluctantly said his name.

Subaru: [――Natsumi Schwartz, that’s my name.]

So he voiced his name.

He could not think of any other choice but to do this. He hoped and prayed that it was the right answer, and waited for the other person’s response.

When he heard the reply, Todd nodded his head, stroking his chin with an “Hmm”,

Todd: [You heard her, Jamal. Aren’t you happy you got her name now?]

Jamal: [Shut up! I’m getting the fuck outta here!]

Todd: [Okay, okay… Oh, can I follow you outside too?]

Jamal: [You’re a really untrustworthy guy… Do what you want!]

Todd followed, shrugging his shoulders upon perceiving Jamal’s angry voice, the latter barking with a red face.

With that, the two men disappeared from Subaru’s sight, never once looking back. They turned a corner in the hallway and disappeared. Out of sight, out of mind.

Subaru: […Really?]

Guard: [Hey, are you okay? You’re looking really pale.]

Subaru exhaled as he looked away, wondering if he would ever come back. The only remaining soldier on guard was concerned about Subaru, as he saw how exasperated he was.

There was no time left for Subaru to respond.

However, he managed to make amends with the soldier on lookout duty, and accompanied him back to the waiting room to join Flop and the others, who were standing by inside.

Flop: [It took you long enough, Miss Natsumi…! Are you okay? You look really pale.]

Subaru: [I’ve already heard that… For the moment, the storm has passed. But the problem remains.]

Back in the waiting room, seeing the worried look on Flop’s face, he finally had time to worry about his heartbeat and his breathing.

Slowly, Subaru calmed himself down by taking deep breaths to correct his rough physiological reactions.

Yes, he had escaped the storm he had suddenly encountered. Probably.

They could not let their guard down until the very end, but for now, the tempest should be over.

However, they still had not overcome the big obstacle that was their initial problem.

Subaru: [We have to find a way to contact the outside world. If we go on like this, even if our plan succeeds…]

Taritta: [Ah, then don’t worry , Natsumi. Kuna and I left a signal that my sister will understand .]

Subaru: [What?]

Subaru’s eyes widened as he was told that the problem he had been facing had been solved just like that.

Taritta looked apologetic for his reaction, while Kuna seemed unconcerned. His gaze, directed towards them, was asking what was going on wordlessly.

Taritta: [Well… Natsumi will be the bait , and I will signal the others, so get your job done . That’s what Bianca said .]

Subaru: [Wha, wha, wha…?]

Subaru’s eyes widened and he looked at Abel in the corner of the room.

Then, noticing his leer, Abel narrowed his eyes, shook his head loosely, and declared――

Abel: [Rather than telling you and having you move unnaturally, I used you as a natural decoy. Fortunately, you seem to have performed your task reasonably well. I shall praise you for that.]

Subaru: [Shut up! Do you know what I’ve had to deal with…!?]

Flop: [Oh, calm down, Miss Natsumi! You’re ruining your pretty face!]

Subaru: [Shut up!]

He was about to get mad at Abel’s attitude, but Flop stopped him from behind.

He really wanted to punch that arrogant demonic face, but Subaru had no choice but to remain calm. As this strategy would not be possible without that face.

It was unbelievably terrible that he would use his own face as a hostage.

Subaru: [You, I’m definitely going to hit you when it’s over…!]

Abel: [If you have so much time to think about what you shall do after its terminus, then I am sure you shall be able to perform without fault.]

Subaru: [Flora! We’re going to rehearse until it’s time!]

Flop: [Okay, okay, okay.]

Subaru gritted his teeth in anger, as if saying “you are the very epitome of always having a comeback for everything I say.”

Whatever the case, if they had made contact with the outside world, all they had to do was wait for the time in question.

At most, yes, at most――,

Subaru: [――It’ll be awful if the plan doesn’t work.]

He muttered in defeat, but Subaru had been convinced over the course of the past few days that it would definitely work.

It was really frustrating, because it seemed as though there was nothing that would not fall in love with this arrogant danseuse, except perhaps a Sin Archbishop.

Translation Notes:

[1] – Mizelda’s reaction here is because of how much Subaru’s voice and speech mannerisms have changed. Keep in mind that, for most of the time from now on, Subaru is using feminine and polite speech.

[2] – The tale in specific is on in which Yamato Takeru dressed as a maid attendant at a drinking party, to kill a Kumasu (region) leader.

--- Chapter 24: Arrogance ---

▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

―― As the beginning of the banquet approached, the tension increased.

???: [――――]

There was no conversation in the waiting room where the five of them had gathered, and it was quiet.

Nobody could utter a word, neither Abel, who was concentrating, nor Subaru. Even Flop was silent, so the weight of the atmosphere was overwhelming.

They had made it this far, so there was nothing to worry about.

Or, at least, they should be able to think that way, but human beings were not so simple. No matter how good the crossdressing was, the anxiety grew as the main event was about to happen.

Despite how loudly his heart screamed, and how much the cold sweat wetted his back, the flow of time could not be halted, and the promised time would yet come.

???: [The banquet is ready. It’s time for you to go.]

The voice of the soldier on guard duty rang out, and the moment of the release of the tension arrived.

Looking at each other, Subaru and the others picked up their instruments and followed the soldier leading the way out of the waiting room. They underwent a quick physical examination, but Subaru and the others, wearing only light clothing, had no way to carry concealed weapons.

They passed the inspection, receiving curious and perverted looks, and were ushered into the banquet room.

Only――,

Taritta: [――Hk.]

Subaru: [Taritta-san?]

Subaru raised an eyebrow at Taritta’s stiff cheeks and heavy gait.

Although he whispered so that the soldiers leading her would not hear him, his voice had definitely reached Taritta, but she did not respond. From the look in her eyes, it was easy to grasp her mental state.

The extreme tension in her body was strong and overwhelming.

Leaving her familiar village, not being able to rely on her sister, the chieftain of the tribe, and going behind enemy lines almost unarmed, may have put her under a lot of stress.

Her breathing was rough, and she looked like she was about to collapse. Subaru tried to cheer her up, but he could not think of what to say.

It would be easy to say comforting words like “don’t worry” or “leave it to me”.

Would that soothe Taritta’s spirit in this moment?

So, while Subaru was unable to take a step forward due to his inner hesitation――,

Abel: [――Taritta.]

Taritta: [――――]

Abel: [There is nothing to worry about. Just look at me.]

It was a voice that sounded terribly arrogant and pompous, but full of absolute confidence.

The words were baseless, no different from the comforting words Subaru had thought just before. However, the effect of those easy words of comfort was tremendous.

Letting out a faint breath, Taritta blinked her eyes.

She had forgotten to breathe, and the color in her face had been almost gone, but she was brought back to her senses. It was a voice that contained simple words, but it held the power to strongly affect the hearts of others.

The haves would instantly outstrip the hard work of the have-nots.

He had been made painfully aware of this many times, but now, he had been able to witness it clearly.

Subaru: [Guess I’m not angry anymore.]

Subaru muttered this to himself as a consolation. But he soon realized that not only had Taritta’s nerves relaxed, but his own as well. And so, he bent his lips.

Of course he was not going to tell him that, though, because he’d probably triumph in it, were he to do so.

And then――,

???: [――Welcome. I heard that you guys are going to perform a great song and dance.]

In the hall where the banquet had been prepared, Subaru and the others were greeted by nearly thirty strong men. They had been told that no ordinary soldiers would be allowed to enter the banquet hall today, so the people here must be the so-called commissioned officers and Generals. In the midst of all these Generals, a man sitting in a chair at the far end called out to the troupe.

Subaru: […Is that Zikr Osman, the General Second-Class?]

After Subaru muttered under his breath, he glanced sideways at Abel, the danseuse of the group, whose face was hidden by a veil, who pulled his chin slightly as to answer positively to Subaru’s question.

In response to the affirmation, Subaru looked at the other party again, and furrowed his spruced up eyebrows.

Zikr Osman, the commander of the Imperial Soldiers stationed in the Fortress City of Guaral.

As a General Second-Class of the Empire, he was expected to be a strong warrior, but his appearance betrayed Subaru’s imagination in more than one way.

First of all, he was short. He looked about half a head shorter than Subaru, who was by no means a tall man. He was almost as tall as Kuna if she stood up straight.

Of course, there was a precedent in Garfiel, who was short yet strong, so physique was no reason to underestimate him. However, he did not appear like someone of real importance either.

The most striking thing about him was his distinctive, puffy haircut.

If he had to describe it in words, he would say it was an afro, but just the fact that it was on top of a short man’s head gave him a sort of mascot-like charm.

Subaru had been told beforehand that Zikr was a military strategist. He certainly did not look like the type to make a military career out of martial prowess.

Zikr: [Now, we have a tricky problem. We’ve been holed up in the city, feeling more and more depressed by the day. That is why we have set up this feast. You know what your roles are, don’t you?]

Subaru: [――Yes, sir. We are extremely honored to be invited.]

Subaru kneeled before Zikr, who had thrown an exaggerated remark with his chin resting on the armrest.

Flop, Taritta, and Kuna followed, but Abel, who stood at the end of the line, did not. For a moment, Zikr’s gaze narrowed, and a sense of anxiety spread through the Generals.

Sure enough, one of the soldiers with a cup of sake at his feet stood up, putting a cup of alcohol near his own feet, and glared at Abel.

Soldier: [Why don’t you kneel? You know you’re in front of the General Second-Class…]

Zikr: [Wait. Don’t be so uptight. This place was opened for drinking and feasting. What we want from those who make their living in the arts is not etiquette, but unrelenting comfort.]

Soldier: [Mh… If you say so, General…]

It was Zikr, of all people, who rebuked the soldier who was bothering Abel.

The soldier reluctantly sat down in response to his generous attitude. All the while, Abel kept his face hidden under his veil and did not show any sign of wincing.

Zikr: [You don’t even falter in the face of a warrior’s spirit? You seem to have a lot of confidence in your dance. But your first impression was not good. I expect you to overturn it.]

Subaru: [Thank you for your generosity… But please do not worry.]

Zikr, who had a curious view of Abel’s arrogance, replied with a “Hm?” to Subaru as the latter knelt down, raising his eyebrows in interest.

It hurt to think about the rest, but this was the opportunity Subaru had been bestowed with. He was going to make the most of it. He would let Zikr taste complete defeat.

Subaru: [――Who you are about to lay your eyes on, is the beautiful danseuse from beyond the Great Waterfall. Her silky black hair that drinks up the sun’s light, along with her heavenly fair skin that has received the blessing of the spirits, her utmost beauty is comparable to the divine beings, and tonight, she will lavishly perform for you all.]

As he stood up, Subaru laid out his opening words.

As if to prove that his overly exaggerated preamble was not a bluff, the veil that hid Abel’s face was slowly lifted.

As soon as the veil revealed that enamoring visage, all those present gasped in unison at the haughtiness of the danseuse.

Zikr: [――――]

In particular, the shock of Zikr, who had gotten lost in Abel’s gaze, was massive.

As he had shown a tolerant stance towards them from the start, perhaps he had already been prepared to deal with the situation magnanimously, or perhaps he had received a shock tantamount of being blindsided.

It was as if he had literally forgotten how to breathe and speak.

Subaru: [――Please, allow us the chance to display our danseuse’s act.]

Subaru hung his head down out of politeness, as he propositioned to Zikr. Likewise, Flop bowed his head and raised his respective instrument to ask for permission to begin the feast.

In response, Zikr nodded his head, prompting Subaru to exchange a glance with Flop.

They then nodded to each other, signaling that they were ready, and began to play.

Subaru: [――Tonight, what you will witness is a dance from the hometown of our danseuse, a dance from beyond the Great Waterfall. Please, satisfy to your heart’s content, the dance from the ends of the end.]

That it was from beyond the Great Waterfall, was an exaggerated expression.

However, it was not a lie in the sense that it was a dance unknown to the Imperial Soldiers. Both the song and the dance had been brought not from this world, but from Subaru’s.

Of course, they had been arranged accordingly, but as the basis of the dance was different, the dance alone was enough to attract the attention of the audience.

However――,

Abel: [――――]

He was a danseuse who charmed others with his beauty and fluid dancing, so he probably did not even require the help of an exotic song and dance from another world.

Abel: [――――]

You’ve got the concept of appetizers with drinks, however this was not just the food being served at the drinking party, if you had a type of entertainment that promoted the drinking of alcohol, anything could be called an appetizer.

Naturally, sideshows were also included, and the dances are called appetizing dances, so they very much served as an appetizer for drinking―― But they would hardly have this much of an effect.

The dance of the danseuse dazzled the soldiers, burned their throat, and made their souls thirsty for alcohol.

They naturally tipped their cups more frequently and quickly, while their cheeks turned a shade of vermilion all over. General Second-Class Zikr, in an attempt to heal the numbness in his cerebellum, was a stand-out for sipping booze at a particularly fast pace.

With his judgment robbed by alcohol and dance, he would commit mistakes that he would not normally make.

For example, the unprecedented mistake of giving in to his desire to see a sword dance, which resulted in handing over his own sword, as per the danseuse’s request.

Abel: [――It is your loss, Zikr Osman.]

Therefore, even with the tip of the sword pointed at his neck, and with the unquestionable voice of a man coming from the mouth of the danseuse, the eyes of the Womanizer, Zikr Osman could not escape from this euphoria.

△ ▼ △ ▼ △ ▼ △

――“We did it”, Subaru shouted inwardly, now that victory had been secured.

The sword in Abel’s hand was in a position to pierce Zikr’s throat with ease.

Zikr, who had bent backwards, exposing his neck, had no chance to fight back. Without a doubt, the enemy commander had been seized successfully.

And they had even done it earlier than originally planned, at the appropriate timing.

Originally, Subaru’s plan had been to make a name for themselves in the city as a traveling troupe and infiltrate Zikr Osman’s bosom. Ideally, they would then be summoned to Zikr’s bedchamber, where they would be able to catch him off-guard, take him into custody, and force the Imperial Soldiers stationed in Guaral to surrender.

That premise had been overturned by the holding of this banquet.

Abel: [――At the banquet, we shall neutralize all the remaining soldiers in the city.]

These had been the words of Abel, who had announced the change in strategy when they had been summoned to the banquet.

A high-risk, high-reward strategy, which would be fruitful if successful, yet dangerous―― Subaru agreed to change the plan on the condition that they would switch back to the original one depending on the situation.

He had not expected it to work out this well.

Zikr: [――――]

Abel: [I shall say it again, Zikr Osman. You have lost. Surrender now and have your men disarm. Otherwise, your cup shall be filled not with alcohol, but blood.]

Abel, holding his sword to the motionless Zikr, advised him to surrender once again.

But there was no fear in Zikr’s eyes, despite the fact his life was being threatened. Those were not the eyes of a determined Imperial Soldier. Rather, there was hesitation in his eyes.

Hesitation, doubt, and other similar emotions.

Zikr: [Dancer, you… No, you’re…]

The hesitation manifested itself in Zikr’s eyes much if he had seen something awe-inspiring. It did not seem like the reaction of a man in front of a mere dancer.

General: [――Hk! You bandits! You got no right to…!

One of the dumbfounded Generals came to his senses and immediately tried to jump Abel.

But, faster than they could reach for Abel’s back, their arms and legs were pierced by thrown knives. ――Blades pitched by a concealed Kuna.

Kuna: [I’m sorry , but the Chieftain told me to protect Abel’s face .]

She had secretly sneaked knives from the banquet in the tambourine-like instrument in her hand during Abel’s dance.

The Generals hesitated at the sight of the fallen soldier, his limbs perforated by the blades.

However, there was one figure that dodged Kuna’s blade, and jumped out of the way.

???: [Stop joking! Do you think you can stop Imperial Soldiers with something like this?]

The howling bearded giant of a man caught an additional throwing knife with his arm and brushed it away.

Then pulling out his own greatsword, he flew straight at Abel, with a desire for blood,

Subaru: [Abel――!]

Abel, who had captured Zikr, was presenting his stick-like back.

Subaru screamed Abel’s name, but the danseuse did not even blink.

As things were, a large sword would be brought down at Abel’s back――,

Taritta: [――Kuh!]

At the same moment, Taritta gritted her teeth and aimed at the man, taking a bow from one of the soldiers.

Prepping an arrow, she aimed it at the bearded colossus approaching Abel. Taritta’s green eyes lit up with murderous intent.

She was steeled to take the man’s life in order to save Abel and stop the assault.

Flop: [Don’t kill him!!!!]

Taritta: [――Hk!]

But just before the arrow was released, Flop shouted in a panic.

Hearing this, Taritta’s eyes hesitated, and the arrow’s aim blurred slightly. And so, the arrow pierced not into the man’s back, but into his right shoulder.

Bearded General: [Gah!?]

The man screamed in agony and turned over after the tremendous impact. But the momentum of the greatsword in his hand could not be killed, and it spun around and headed for Abel’s back.

It seemed as if the sword would smash Abel’s head from behind. However, the tip of the sword narrowly grazed the back of his head and fell to the floor with a violent thud.

Abel had almost lost his life, but he had escaped disaster just in the nick of time.

And then――,

???: […Ah.]

With a flutter, Abel’s braided black hair was undone and spread.

The tip of the big sword sliced through the hair clip, untying the knot. ――No, it did not stop at that. The frayed wig lost its function, and the fake black hair fell to the floor.

The danseuse’s long hair had been replaced by Abel’s own sable hair.

――The ruthless Emperor, who, along with the hair clip, had shorn off the soft impression of the danseuse.

???: [General Second-Class! It’s our opportunity to get these guys now…!]

Zikr: [――Stop! Do not disobey me!]

While the soldier whose limbs had been pierced by knives and the one who had gotten shot in the right shoulder by an arrow groaned, Zikr silenced the appeals of the General who was still attempting to resist.

If they recklessly stood their ground, regardless of how many fell, they would be crushed in one go by Subaru’s forces. And that was the counterattack they most wanted to avoid.

However, Zikr would not let his subordinates fight on. He understood that, now that he himself had been pinned down, and his subordinate Generals had also had their movements suppressed, the outcome had already been determined.

So――,

Zikr: [If I do as you say, can you guarantee the lives of my men?]

Abel: [That also depends on your attitude, Coward.]

Zikr: [Guh… Hk.]

Zikr showed his willingness to accept the recommendation to surrender while reddening and biting his lip as he was abused by the relentless Abel.

That was the face of a man who had experienced humiliation beyond having been caught in a plot against him and having his person captured.

Abel snorted, looking down at Zikr’s humiliation.

Abel: [I heard about you, Zikr Osman. Before being labelled the Womanizer, you had been dubbed the Coward.]

Zikr: [… An unbecoming epithet for an Imperial Soldier. Is that why you chose such a strategy?]

Abel: [――――]

Zikr: [If I’m the Coward on top of being the Womanizer, I would surrender to a woman at the point of a sword…]

If so, what a humiliation that would be.

Or, if that was the case, Zikr would have died of humiliation. But the reason why Abel had deemed it feasible was different from the reason Subaru and the others had heard.

It was because――,

Abel: [A strategist who, through his skillful and steady use of troops, has achieved few notable results in battle, but has also caused little casualties to his allies. An excellent commander, but lacking aggressiveness. Hence, Coward.]

Zikr: [Yes, that is correct, too. I am, but…]

Abel: [What are you confused about?]

Zikr: [Eh?]

Zikr’s eyes widened as Abel narrowed his eyes and asked that question.

Like that, with confusion plastered on the other party’s face, Abel continued with his sword in his hand.

Abel: [When others denigrate you as a coward, they are either pretending to see the results, or those are the rantings of a fool who cannot see the results. I made use of that nature to win.]

Zikr: [――――]

Abel: [You abhor useless casualties. So, I decided that you, as the Coward and a military strategist, would not resist in this situation. ――Are you going to disappoint me?]

Keeping his gaze sharp and the blade against his neck, Abel inquired that of Zikr.

To someone who was unaware Abel’s true identity, that would seem like a rant that would make one wonder what the hell he was talking about.

He had trusted his opponent’s cowardice and incorporated it into his plan to win.

There was no certainty that he would not upset his opponent by telling such things bluntly. Rather, it was as if he was deliberately attempting to provoke his opponent’s anger; it was really a statement that could make things worse.

Even when dressed as a woman, he was incapable of any kind of humility.

But, in front of Abel, Zikr Osman gasped.

What came to his eyes was a feeling that was hard to describe― if he dared to verbalize it, it would be a surprise that was close to excitement.

It seemed to be a fresh and new reaction, like a maiden receiving something from the person she loved.

Zikr: [――We’ll disarm ourselves. I’ll give strict orders to my subordinates to do so.]

Abel: [That is a wise decision.]

Abel quietly nodded in assent to Zikr’s quiet, head-down answer.

Even though he was dressed like a dancer, no one could resist his dignified nod of the head. As Zikr, their commander, surrendered, the Imperial Soldiers dropped their weapons one after another.

And――,

Abel: [What, are you doing fooling around? Go up and burn the flag on the roof.]

Subaru: [Ueh? Wha, me?]

Abel: [Yes you. Only you. You are the sole one who has not performed a single deed since things started to proceed.]

Abel’s cold eyes pierced Subaru, who pointed at himself and blinked.

With those words, Subaru looked around the hall.

Kuna, who had blocked the enemy with a throwing knife, Taritta, who had shot the giant of a man, Flop, who had not allowed the giant of a man’s death and therefore had desperately defended the materialization of the Bloodless Siege, and Abel, who had disarmed the General.

Indeed, the only one who had not done anything was Subaru, who had fallen on his butt when that behemoth tried to assault them.

Abel: [Get a move on, I shall not even be able to disarm them without Mizelda and the others.]

Subaru: [Okay, I understand! Yeah, yeah, I’m sorry!]

Saying this, Subaru headed for the balcony, crawling carefully up to the rooftop. The rooftop of the City Hall, overlooking Guaral at night, was absolutely spectacular.

Then, while bathed in the cold breeze, Subaru retrieved a torch from the wall, ignited the flag of the empire on the roof of the City Hall―― the flag of the Sword Wolf, and set it ablaze.

――That was proof that the fall of the Fortress City of Guaral had been achieved here.

△ ▼ △ ▼ △ ▼ △

The first person to notice something off was Jamal, who had been paying attention to the City Hall.

Jamal glanced around, being mindful of the people he had left behind in the building. Todd, who had grown tired of his naive attitude, continued the patrol of the city.

As a city with a certain amount of history, there was no end to the ways to get past the walls, which posed as a powerful barrier. Smuggling schemes, such as underground passages in private houses, or holes used by children to pass through, also existed. While accurately uncovering these, Todd had his guard up for any possible attacks.

Todd: [It’s not like they’re going to back off. If that’s the case, they’ll definitely try to bring down the city. They could use some secret path and take over the City Hall all at once, or set the city on fire… Hmm, are there other means?]

If it was simply to make the city fall, he could think of many ways to slaughter both soldiers and citizens indiscriminately.

For that matter, people would perish if they were buried in fire, water, or soil. If the means were in place, human beings could be as cruel as they wished.

What kind of brutal methods would the black-haired boy use?

That may seem not to be his forte at first glance, but the fact that he was so good at it made it all the more frightening.

No matter how hard he tried to crush them, there still seemed to be some undiscovered byways.

So even if he had a hole in his stomach, Todd would not have been able to sleep in his quarters.

Todd: [They’re all so rude and sketchy…]

Not all of them were of Jamal’s caliber, but many of them had an inability to pay attention to details.

Todd did not believe himself to be neither brilliant nor clever, but if he’s aware of his own stupidity and shortcomings, there were plenty of ways to fill in the gaps.

He could not understand how people could live their lives without questioning their stupidity.

Every single human being was an idiot, and so, they should do their utmost to compensate for it.

Jamal: [――Ah?]

While thinking about this, Todd was about to go into the next private house, when he suddenly stopped due to the surprised voice raised by Jamal behind him.

He stopped and looked at Jamal, who was looking at City Hall in the distance, with an expression of dumbfoundment on his face.

Todd frowned, wondering what was going on.

Jamal: [Oh, come on, is this some kinda joke?]

Todd: [What’s up, Jamal? What’s happening at the…]

“City Hall”, he almost said. Standing beside Jamal, Todd also looked in the same direction.

He was sure the City Hall was having a banquet at the moment, with the dancers they had invited providing entertainment and comfort to the Generals.

So it was not surprising that some of them would get a little carried away and make fools of themselves.

It would not be strange, but――

Todd: [――No way.]

No matter what, burning the flag of the Empire on top of City Hall was unacceptable.

That barbaric act was so beyond the realm of rudeness that even Todd was taken aback. The flag, being scorched by flames while fluttering in the hot wind, swayed and burned, lighting up the night sky with the red glow of its blaze.

And right beside the flag set alight, he saw the figure of a woman he had already met in the City Hall.

A musician with rich black hair and sharp eyes. He believed her name was――

Todd: [――Natsumi Schwartz.]

That was what she had stated upon having had her name inquired.

A weak woman, who had become small and frightened when Jamal had crowded her. However, he could clearly see that she was boldly burning the Imperial Flag with a torch in her hand.

There was no sign of the weakness he had encountered before in the City Hall.

Certainly, it could not be something charming like a drunken act of violence.

That was undoubtedly an intentional attack on the Empire. And if the flag of the base was burned, it meant that the place had fallen into the hands of the enemy.

Just as he was thinking about it, a possibility suddenly surfaced in Todd’s mind.

Todd: [No way, is it you?]

With his eyes wide open, Todd studied the dark-haired woman with the torch in her hand, Natsumi Schwartz, and was struck by the minuscule possibility that had sprung up within him.

But the more he thought about it, the more it matched, and the more he looked at it, the more it diverged.

But that was why the effect was so extraordinary.

Who in the world would think of doing something like this?

Of such a method to break through the enemy’s guard from the front, and take their base of operations?

Todd: [I thought it was impossible. I can’t believe they tried to sneak through the front gate.]

Who could possibly use such a life-threatening approach?

Of course, the possibility of hiding behind cargo or inside dragon carriages had been carefully considered, and the checkpoints had been reinforced. However, an intrusion on foot, in a way that would attract attention, had been unexpected.

Even so, the first infiltration had strengthened their vigilance. On top of that, it would be a natural response to opt for a more stealthy approach――.

Jamal: [You don’t think that was just a setup, do you? Did they deliberately find us and instill in us the preconceived notion that a frontal breakthrough was impossible?]

And following that, he had managed to get into the city, was invited to the hall as a dancer, brought down the City Hall, and ignited the Imperial Flag―― It had been just as Natsumi Schwartz had intended.

Todd: […This is bad.]

What a meticulous plan, he thought, a chill running down his spine.

He thought he had done everything in his power to have the upper hand, but on the other side, the poster child of war had easily surpassed and ridiculed him.

Todd was surprised to find himself shuddering.

Jamal: [Shit! What the fuck’s going on here! Anyway, we gotta back to the City Hall…]

Todd: [Idiot, stop. You’re going to die, too.]

Jamal: [Huh?]

Unlike Todd, Jamal was unaware of the identity of the person who had set the Imperial Flag on fire.

Due to the distance, his eyes could not perceive any details on the roof of the City Hall. Todd could see it only because of his special eyes. And it was because he could see them, that he was holding Jamal back.

Now that the Imperial Flag at their base had been set ablaze, the fall of the city was decided.

By now, all the Generals who were participating in the feast, Zikr included, had already been murdered. Even if they were to go back in, they would probably end up being defeated themselves.

Jamal: [You’re freaking out, ain’t you? And you still think of yourself as an Imperial Soldier, huh?]

Todd: [You can’t win and stay alive by being proud. Besides, you know that City Hall’s been taken; the General Second-Class is dead. The Shudraqians will be in the city before long.]

Jamal: [――――]

Todd: [If we don’t get out of here before that happens, we won’t have any other choice but to die too.]

Jamal was not the kind of person to accept the humiliation of disarming himself quietly.

The alternative would be to jump into the enemy ranks weapon in hand, wielding bravery, and die while taking out about ten people.

It could be said that it would be exactly how a Sword Wolf would die, but from Todd’s point of view, it was as good as a dog’s death.

Life was akin to a finite hand of cards.

To use it for victory was justified, but it would be a waste to utilize it for a regretful defeat.

Jamal and Todd had known each other for a while. It would not be strange to think that they had enough of a relationship between them to advise each other on this. Probably.

Todd: [You see that hole in the wall that I just plugged? I’m going to run through it. What about you?]

Jamal: [Gu, gu… You wanna make me feel humiliated again?]

Todd: [If you’re alive, you’ll get a chance to rinse your shame off. But if you die, that’s it. So, I’m going. I won’t get into a fight I don’t think I can win.]

He really wished not to get into a fight with a low chance of winning, let alone one with a one-hundred percent chance of losing. But he did not have time to argue with Jamal about the details.

He quickly turned his back to him and started to run. Jamal hesitated for a moment before shouting a curse, a “Damn it!”, then followed behind Todd.

It would be nice if everyone were as simple as him, but the world did not work that way.

In any case――

Todd: [I guess I’ll remember you as Natsumi for now. ――You poster child of war.]

△ ▼ △ ▼ △ ▼ △

As soon as they realized that the Imperial Flag had been set on fire and the City Hall had fallen, the Imperial Soldiers unexpectedly obeyed the call for surrender.

The same was true for the guards protecting the city, which was a great help to Subaru, whose goal was to seize the city without bloodshed, but this was also a surprising development.

Subaru: [I’ve always thought it strange that, when I watched battles of the Sengoku period in historical dramas, the battle would end when the head of the other side’s general is taken off…] [1]

If the general were killed, the next person in charge would become the general and the battle would resume.

A layman would think that the battle would not end until one side was annihilated or in shambles, but this was not the case in this actual battle.

Because the Imperial Army, which should be overwhelmingly superior in strength, had agreed to disarm as soon as they found out that their commander, Zikr, had been apprehended.

Mizelda: [ Well , that was quite a feat , Subaru… No, Natsumi.]

Subaru: [Mizelda-san.]

As Subaru patted his fake chest at the results of the battle and the success of the operation, he was approached by Mizelda, happily slurping down alcohol directly from a bottle.

The women, who had been hiding outside the city as a detachment, had entered the city too, upon realizing that the City Hall had fallen, signalled by the burning of the Imperial Flag. The guards, becoming aware that the Imperial Soldiers had been defeated, did not attempt to stop them from proudly marching into the city as well.

Thanks to Shudraq’s cooperation, they had succeeded in capturing most of the Imperial Soldiers.

In the hall where the feast had been held, the drinks and food had been cleared away, and in their place, the bound Imperial Soldiers were lined up in a row.

It would have been a shame to throw everything away, Subaru thought. Mizelda and the others were sipping their drinks, but doing so made them look more like barbarians who were willing to loot.

Subaru: [But with this many people… It would’ve been tough to go head-to-head.]

Mizelda: [No matter how many enemies we have , the pride of Shudraq won’t falter . There’s no such thing as too many enemies … And yes, simple numbers can be insurmountable . But you and Abel have defeated them .]

Subaru: [――――]

Mizelda: [I’m proud of you , Natsumi. You’ve shown courage through wisdom . We couldn’t have done this .]

With a vigorous pat on Subaru’s shoulder, Mizelda left him with a handsome smile.

She then stood up and headed over to congratulate Taritta and Kuna for their contribution to the fall of the City Hall.

Even from a distance, the sight of Taritta’s eyes shining from her sister’s praise made Subaru smile. Kuna was hugged by Holly, having confirmed that she was safe, making her look like a rolled mackerel.

Subaru: [Keeping things up like this, it would be nice if Kuna’s life wasn’t snuffed out, given all the great deeds she’s done…]

???: [――――]

With a sense of relief, Subaru let out a small smile. Then, as he turned around, he nearly collided with the person standing right behind him.

That other person was――,

Subaru: [R-Rem…]

Rem: […Yes.]

Staring up at him from a close distance, Subaru could not help but step back.

Rem, holding her wooden cane, looked at Subaru from top to bottom with her pale blue eyes. Feeling uncomfortable under her gaze, Subaru cleared his throat and said,

Subaru: [What’s the matter? I’m fine, you know.]

Rem: [Yes, so I heard. But I had a feeling that even if you were injured somewhere, you’d hide it and say the same thing.]

Subaru: [You really don’t have any trust in me… But I’m not very good with pain either, so I’ll report even the slightest injury right away. Really, I mean it.]

Rem: [That sounds suspicious, too.]

Subaru: [Tch ha ha…]

Subaru’s shoulders slumped under Rem’s gaze devoid of trust.

But then he quickly turned his head in realization. “Huh?” Subaru uttered. She may have been a bit curt, but she was probably worried about whether Subaru was injured or not.

Subaru: [You’re worried about me, aren’t you?]

Rem: [Huh?]

Subaru: [Oh! I’m sorry! I got carried away! Of course you weren’t! It can’t be that Rem’s worried about me…]

Rem: [Yes, I was.]

Subaru: [Wha?]

Waving his hands in the air, Subaru hurriedly tried to correct his misunderstanding. But he was interrupted by none other than Rem’s words.

Rem’s expression did not change, but the color of her eyes wavered slightly.

Rem: [I said, I was worried. Of course I was. No matter how much of a joke the plan was, I was the one who made you do it. And yet how could I not be worried? How in the world do you think I could be such a heartless person?]

Subaru: [No, no, no, it’s not that, I don’t think Rem is heartless! I really don’t! Rem is affectionate, a bit presumptuous, and a bit reserved before she gets to know someone, but that difference is also very attractive…]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [Rem, don’t tell me you’re impressed…?]

Rem: [No, I simply thought it was weird.]

And with just a simple statement, Subaru’s fake chest was pierced, prompting an “Ugh!” out of him.

Rem gave an annoyed sigh as Subaru backed away, holding his fake chest in pain. She then took a step toward Subaru,

Rem: [Just so you know, no matter what you said or did, you managed to do it. Really, you managed to bring this city down. And that’s without causing any deaths.]

Subaru: [… If only we kept the bloodless part, I hoped that no one would get hurt if possible. But I wonder if that was too much to ask.]

Rem: [I wonder about that. However, if it’s you and Abel-san, then you may be able to pull it off… Why are you looking at me like that?]

Subaru: […It’s nothing, nothing, nothing, okay?]

Rem raised an eyebrow at Subaru’s sullen face.

In fact, she had a good point. Without Abel’s help, this plan would not have been possible, and it was true that he was a man of terrifying wisdom.

Still, hearing words of praise for another man from Rem’s mouth made his heart squirm.

Subaru: [Even with those fake breasts, there’s still something to be impressed by, isn’t there…?]

Rem: [I feel like you’re talking about something stupid again…]

When Rem started staring at him, Subaru waved his hands and said, “No, no, no,” to cover it up.

If he told Rem about his current jealousy, she would probably just feel weird about it. It was unavoidable, but it nevertheless hurt. One-sided affection was painful.

Subaru: [No, in this case, it’s just a reflex…? Though they’re passable compared to Emilia-tan’s, nevertheless they still feel like the real deal, don’t you think….]

Medium: [Oh! Natsumi-chan, you’re here! I heard you guys did great, congratulations!]

Subaru: [Ah, Medium-san.]

Medium ran into the room with a loud voice and sluggish footsteps. Subaru recoiled at the sudden approach of the taller woman, but his step back was meaningless as she filled the distance between them by leaning forward.

Medium had a big smile on her face, looking happily at the soldiers in the hall, as two girls rode her shoulders―― Utakata and Louis.

Medium: [These people were all captured by Natsumi-chan and the others, weren’t they? I’m so surprised! So, so, where’s sis? Did she do her best?]

Subaru: [Sis? Ah, yes. Flora is…]

Flop: [――I’m here, dear sister!]

Medium: [Oh!]

Medium’s round eyes widened even more when she saw Flop appear in the hall, a beautiful man who had accompanied her and whom she had become accustomed to seeing for so long. He quickly asserted his presence with a single loud clap of his shoes.

Medium: [Big bro! Isn’t that big bro!? I knew it, big bro isn’t my sister, and the sister I thought was my sister’s big bro!]

Flop: [Hahaha, I have no idea what you’re talking about, dear sister! But no matter what, I’m still here. So whether I’m your brother or your sister, it doesn’t matter!]

Medium: [That’s true too! Then maybe I’m not a sister, but a brother! I’m so big after all!]

Flop: [Younger sister or younger brother, older brother or older sister, we’re still family!]

The conversation between the O’Connell siblings was peculiar, but it kept its unique tempo until its settlement.

The laughing Flop hugged Medium’s waist, and Medium, with the girls on both shoulders, started spinning around in circles as he did.

As a result, both of Flop’s legs floated up and a grand spin began, as the happy laughter of the siblings and children echoed in the hall.

Subaru: [Surreal, isn’t it…?]

Rem: [I’m sure Medium-san was worried about Flop-san too… So, how long are you going to stay dressed like that? The rest of your life?]

Subaru: [The rest of my life has to be an exaggeration!? No matter how cute I am, this is only a temporary appearance… And I’m destined to have to go back to normal eventually.]

Rem: [Does that mean that for the time being you’ll be dressed like that?]

Subaru: [I just happen to not have time to change right now!]

Subaru wasn’t mentally tough enough to endure such suspicions, or to put it another way, to endure how Rem looked at him like he was a pervert.

In fact, the only reason he was still dressed in women’s clothing was that he had been busy with minor tasks, such as burning the Imperial Flag, and welcoming the People of Shudraq who entered the city afterwards.

The situation simply had not permitted him to change into his ‘Subaru’ clothes. It was not that he intended to stay as Natsumi Schwartz.

Subaru: [Or isn’t it?]

Rem: [Oh right. If you’re searching for Abel-san, he’s in the back room with the commander.]

Subaru: [You’re acting like you don’t believe me!]

Pointing at Rem, who had given him a blank stare, Subaru turned and walked towards him.

He’d like to celebrate the success of the bloodless siege with Rem and the others, but he could not just sit there with his hands up in the air and be overjoyed.

After all, the fall of Guaral was only a checkpoint. They had to think about the future civil war that would rumble the Empire, and what kind of position Subaru would maintain.

To that end――,

Subaru: [If you’ll excuse me.]

With that, Subaru pushed open the door to a separate room at the back of the hall.

It was originally supposed to be a private, office-like room for the city manager, the master of the City Hall, but now the master had been sent away, and the replacement for the ruler was sitting on the chair.

Originally, it had been Zikr, the General Second-Class, but now, it was a more pompous man.

Abel: [――You. You are still dressed like that.]

So said Abel, resting his cheek on hand as he snorted, having already shed his dancer’s costume and rolled up his sleeves into a more masculine attire.

In front of him was the disheveled head of a kneeling Zikr, with no one else in the room.

Subaru: [Please don’t mention my outfit. What’s more, you are alone with the General Second-Class without any guards? Do you want to throw your life away?]

Abel: [Of course, had he any intention of resisting, I would have put him to the sword. But he has no such intention. Am I not correct, Zikr Osman.]

Zikr: [――Yes. That is correct, Your Excellency.]

Jerking his chin, Zikr called out to Abel when prompted to respond.

The respectful manner in which he addressed His Excellency and his obvious superior, was a sign that he judged Abel to be more than just a crossdressing bandit.

In other words, Zikr understood Abel’s true identity, and because of that he was kneeling there.

Subaru: [Did you tell him?]

Abel: [I needed not such a thing. Apparently, this guy figured it out during the dance. No, I should say that after the dance, he understood in his head the right thing to do.]

Subaru: [――?]

Subaru tilted his head, not comprehending the meaning of those words.

However, at Abel’s observation, Zikr sank his head more deeply, as if to show further respect.

The result was a valuable person who firmly recognized and expressed respect for the fact that Abel was the Emperor, a fact that had not been felt very much up to this point.

Abel: [But it is convenient that you guessed it without needing to disclose it. Zikr Osman, follow me. You will not be wronged.]

Zikr: [Yes! If it is for you, I, Zikr Osman, will risk my life!]

Subaru: [Wait, wait, wait, are you serious? You haven’t heard anything about this yet, have you?]

Zikr made an immediate dedication to Abel, who had requested vassalage toward him while sitting on the chair.

It was convenient, sure, but too good to be true. Zikr, however, shook his head in response to Subaru’s question.

Zikr: [His Excellency is right in front of me, and he needs my aid. If so, it is my duty as a General of the Empire to respond to his request. Above all, I swear to be even more loyal to you than before.]

Abel: [Oh, why? Were you so fascinated by my dance?]

Zikr: [It was very, very beautiful. But that is not all.]

Zikr’s heat was intense as Abel made a cold joke without even smiling. He pressed both fists to the floor, with strong and intense joy on his face.

Zikr: [I’m surprised that His Excellency remembered my two names… That I cursed as nothing but a disgrace, and that you believed it after all.]

Abel: [Of course. If one wishes to be the ruler of the Empire, they must understand the land. The same is true for the subjects that serve. I never know when I’m going to use you, a General, as my own hand and foot. Do you earnestly believe the Emperor’s steps shall be unimpeded without knowing their own hands and feet?]

Zikr: [Absolutely not! That is why I am truly honored!]

Zikr shuddered with indelible joy, and swore fervent loyalty to Abel.

Honestly speaking, solely regarding the events, it was a too-good-to-be-true turn of events, but Zikr’s profile was so uncanny that even Subaru could not find any room to doubt his inner feelings.

At the same time, Subaru was overwhelmed by the charisma of Abel’s words, as well as his strong pride and conviction as the Emperor that supported it.

He did not know how many Generals there were in the empire, but even if Zikr was outstanding among them, would he be able to remember enough of every one of them to be confident that he could bring down the city regardless?

Well, even if another General had been in charge of the city, Abel seemed sure that he would have pulled the same result.

The Emperor, an opponent transcending even the clouds above, knew him, knew his strengths and weaknesses, and upon that, built his strategy, wonderfully entangled him in his expectations and defeated him.

Perhaps it was similar to a high-school baseball pitcher getting his pitch hit for a home run by his favorite professional baseball player. But actual war is too disturbing to be compared to that. In any case…

Abel: [If Zikr Osman shall follow, then the Generals under him shall likewise follow. Together with the Fortress City, I can say that we have finally gathered a strong fighting force.]

Zikr: [However, if we stand against the rest of the country, we will inevitably lack strength. First of all, I think we should invite the reinforcements that are supposed to be sent from the Imperial Capital into the city, and call for their surrender.]

With the addition of allies familiar with the situation of the Empire, able to formulate strategies, the discussion quickly turned into a full-fledged military one.

Unlike Abel, who accepted it without hesitation, Subaru felt a great deal of resistance to the beginning of preparations for a full-scale war. Therefore, he would prefer to have a discussion with Abel before discussions on such matters could begin.

He wanted to discuss with Abel about what to do with himself and Rem after the Fortress City was seized.

However, unfortunately, the  proposal that Subaru wished to bring up was not tackled.

Because――,

Abel: [――――Reinforcements from the Imperial Capital.]

Abel muttered in response to Zikr’s comment, and the air in the room trembled.

Subaru and Zikr widened their eyes at the sight of Abel as he stood up from his chair with great vigor and walked back to the hall.

And then――,

Abel: [――Close the main gate of the city right now! Do not let anyone enter, messenger or not!]

Everyone in the hall was startled by Abel’s bellow.

Of course, much like Subaru and Zikr, who had been talking with him just before yet could not comprehend it, Mizelda and the others could not discern Abel’s true intentions either.

However, Abel’s urgent look was enough for them to know that this was no ordinary matter.

Mizelda: [Taritta, go tell them to close the main gate .]

Taritta: [Oh, sister, what in the world is …?]

Mizelda: [――Go! Don’t disgrace Shudraq’s name !]

Mizelda’s fierce voice struck the hesitating Taritta; the latter’s eyes widened at the sound of her voice, which even sounded murderous, and she promptly rushed out of the hall. With that, Taritta would order the guards to close the main gate.

And so, Abel’s instructions would be fulfilled, but――,

Flop: [Village Chief-kun, what is going on? It’s rare to see you change your expression.]

Abel: [Now is not the time for your nonsense, merchant. Zikr Osman, persuade the Generals, Mizelda, you are…]

???: [Uuuuuuuh―― Hk.]

Abel quickly instructed the others, treating the worried Flop with disregard.

Abel ordered Zikr and Mizelda, the heads of their respective groups, to get their people together, but his instructions were cut off mid-sentence by a high-pitched child’s tantrum.

Medium: [Whoa, whoa, whoa, what’s happening!? Louis-chan, what happened!?]

Louis: [Uuh! Uuh! Aauh!]

Utakata: [Lou! Calm down ! Uu’s here !]

Medium’s eyes turned in surprise as she was yanked by her highly decorated hair. Being carried on her shoulders, Louis was screaming desperately as Utakata attempted to soothe her down.

However, the rampaging Louis did not calm down at all. On the contrary, Louis was shedding large tears, her expression tense as if she were afraid of something.

Rem: [Louis-chan, please calm down! What’s wrong? If there’s something wrong, I’ll listen to you, so don’t cry…]

Louis: [Uuh!]

Rem: [Huh? Over there, what’s going on?]

Unable to witness the sight of a sobbing Louis, Rem headed towards her. Upon noticing Rem’s approach, Louis pointed to a corner of the hall, tears streaming down her face.

Subaru and Abel also looked in that direction. But there was nothing. ――There should have been nothing.

Abel: [Mizelda!]

Mizelda: [Oh, OHHHHH――!!]

Staring into the void, Abel was the first to call out Mizelda’s name.

As if in response, Mizelda quickly readied the bow on her back, seized four arrows in her right hand, attached them to the bow at once, and drew them.

Mizelda’s strong body unleashed a tremendous blow from the Shudraq chieftain.

Four arrows flew wildly, pushing into the empty space Louis was pointing to. Each one of the arrows was reminiscent of the blow of the Hunter who had killed Subaru in the jungle.

It was so powerful that it would have torn Subaru’s form to shreds had he been struck by those.

The floor and walls, which were supposed to be stronger than arrows, were shattered, and the crushing sent a cloud of smoke into the hall.

As the soldiers jumped for cover and gasped for air, Subaru and the others looked closely at the smoke to ascertain if there was indeed a cause for Louis to make such a commotion.

???: [Something like that isn’t going to kill me.]

From somewhere, a languid voice fell softly into the smoke-filled hall.

He recognized the voice as that of a woman. Subaru’s eardrums judged it to be a slow, carefree voice, lacking in emotion, and of modest volume.

It felt terribly out of place, in the momentary tension of the situation.

However, the result of that voice, was powerful.

Mizelda: [――――]

――In the blink of an eye, Mizelda’s entire body was engulfed in tremendous flames, having been set alight.

△ ▼ △ ▼ △ ▼ △

Mizelda: [――Tchtch!!]

In the blink of an eye, Mizelda’s entire body was wrapped in a conflagration, causing her to let out an inaudible scream.

The sight of Mizelda, who had turned into a humanoid mass of flames, prevented everyone from taking any immediate action.

Kuna: [――Tch, Holly!!]

Holly: [ U-understood ~!!]

Immediately after Kuna called out, Holly hurriedly hastened to a container filled with a large amount of water. She lifted it with her monstrous strength, and threw it with all her might at the burning Mizelda.

The water overflowing from the broken container enveloped Mizelda her, and the immolated woman fell to the floor.

The flames had scorched her for nary a moment, but it was impossible to imagine the pain of one’s entire body being incinerated.

Subaru was unable keep up with how quickly the situation had morphed, wondering what the hell had happened. However, he did notice an increase in the number of unfamiliar figures in the center of the chaotic hall.

Not only Subaru, but the rest of the group gradually took noticed of the new figure.

――The person standing there was a beautiful girl with most of her brown skin exposed.

She had silvery-white hair, an eyepatch covering her left eye, a lush furry tail growing out of her rear, and a branch in her hand that looked like it had been picked up in the middle of nowhere.

Her emotionless face gave a somewhat unbalanced impression, when compared to her frame of lush youthful, feminine proportions.

However, there was no doubt that this pretty girl had been the trigger for the previous occurrence.

What she had done, what she desired, who she was, everything was unknown――

???: [――It is you, Arakiya.]

But while everyone was frozen in place, there was one person who knew the girl’s name and so beckoned her.

The one who stood there with his well-shaped eyes sharpened―― Staring at Arakiya, was the Emperor who had been ousted from the throne of the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

The intimidating person that Zikr had immediately sworn to obey, faced Arakiya face-to-face, but she waved the branch in her hand from side-to-side without nervousness,.

Arakiya: [Long time no see, Your Excellency.]

Abel: [You too, appear to be still in good health―― Chisha, too, is sparing no quarter.]

Arakiya: [No, he’s not? That’d be dangerous, after all.]

It was not a tense conversation, from Arakiya’s point of view.

Even if they were able to communicate, Abel’s tense expression showed that she was not the kind of person with whom one could converse with.

In the first place, who was this woman who treated Abel so casually after recognizing him as the Emperor?

Zikr: [General First-Class, Arakiya…]

Subaru: […What did you just say?]

With the two of them lined up, Subaru’s cheeks tightened at the stifled words from Zikr.

He hoped he had misheard, but Zikr’s eyes were serious, and Subaru realized that the possibility of having misheard his words had disappeared.

Then, as if to prove that it was not an illusion, Zikr piled on.

Zikr: [General First-Class Arakiya… One of the empire’s strongest, one of the Nine Divine Generals!]

Abel: [She also ranks as Second among the Nine Divine Generals. That means she is the second strongest in the Empire.]

Subaru: [The second strongest in the Empire…!?]

Zikr’s cry was supplemented by Abel’s words, and Subaru exclaimed, unable to conceal his surprise.

At the center of the astonished gazes in the hall, having gathered attention, Arakiya raised a branch and――,

Arakiya: [Indeed!]

She puffed out her chest proudly.

Subaru: [――――]

Slowly, the Shudraq that were gathered in the hall began to form a circle around Arakiya. Mizelda had been felled in the first attack, and only seventeen Shudraqians remained, including the non-combatant Utakata, so it was hard to tell if they were strong enough.

Nevertheless――,

Shudraqian: [We can’t let you interfere with victory finally within our grasp――!]

One spat out a curse, and picked up one of the swords that Subaru had seized.

Driving her away, or knocking her down and capturing her. If they could achieve one of the two, they would ensure their victory in the fall of Guaral.

Arakiya: [Try as you might, it’s no use.]

The next moment, a tremendous wind blew, jumbling the entirety of the hall. Subaru, the Shudraqians, and the bound Imperial Soldiers were all moved together.

Arakiya: [――――]

The heavens and earth were turned upside down, Subaru could not see up, down, left, right, in front of him, or behind him, and his entire body slammed into the floor, the wall, and the ceiling, nearly knocking him unconscious from the intense pain.

Subaru: [Kah!]

His whole body was thrown on the ground, and as he looked at the broken ceiling, his brain slowly analyzed and understood what had come to pass. ――Perhaps, a tornado.

In an instant, a tornado of tremendous size had erupted in the room, swallowing Subaru―― or rather, Subaru and everyone else, and threw them around wildly.

Arakiya’s tornado overran the room, making no distinction between people or objects, friend or foe.

Even so, Subaru barely managed to stay conscious――,

Zikr: [I am not going to let you… hurt her any more than you already have…]

Zikr, holding Subaru, grunted and threw his arms out sluggishly.

The moment the tornado had spouted, Zikr had quickly pulled Subaru’s body nearer to his own, in an attempt to protect him from the impact of the destruction. Its effect was limited, but it had cushioned Subaru’s body, and kept him from losing consciousness.

However――,

Subaru: [It’s a joke, right…?]

Looking around the hall, Subaru spat that out in despair.

In the midst of the mess of people and things, the Shudraq, who had raised their will to fight just before had all fallen to the ground, unable to fight.

In fact, those who had displayed hostile intentions had been the ones to suffer the most damage.

He wondered if Arakiya’s tornado had even chosen which people to attack while wrecking so much destruction.

Subaru: [――Re… m.]

Enduring the pain in his whole body, Subaru searched for Rem in the hall.

She, like the Shudraq and the others, might have lost consciousness from the attack. Were she to be hit in the wrong place, the worst would be a possibility.

Then, Subaru gazed around the room and spotted someone.

Not Rem, however. Not Rem, but despite that, they had caught Subaru’s attention.

Because even after being overrun by that tornado, they had gotten to their feet and fled to the half-destroyed balcony, leaning their back against the railing, gazing at Arakiya.

Subaru: [Abel…]

He did not know how in the world Abel had been able to protect himself in that tornado. Abel’s injuries were very minimal―― yet it was still painful to see him bleeding from his forehead and with one arm slumped down.

However, Abel was looking straight at Arakiya with eyes that had not lost their supremacy.

Abel: [The obedient puppet, engaging in such grandiose conduct. Have you forgotten as to why you have joined my ranks?]

Arakiya: […Your Excellency, you lied. You deceived me. That’s why, I’ll never forgive you.]

Abel: [――Did Chisha also put that idea in your head?]

Abel exhaled a heavy, bloodied breath, his eyes slightly downcast.

Arakiya’s face was lacking in emotion, but she still held a recognizable anger in her eyes. She slowly stepped on the rough ground, and walked towards Abel on the balcony. The thought of Abel running out to the balcony to look good never crossed Subaru’s mind, but he did not think he, injured and not holding anything, had an ace up his sleeve.

The steps Arakiya took while shrinking the distance between them sounded like a countdown to Abel’s very life.

One step, two steps, Arakiya approached Abel, and then――,

???: [Uh, AAAAAAAAAAAAAA―― HK!!]

A high-pitched voice rang out, and immediately afterwards, a pillar came crashing down on the spot where Arakiya was about to pass.

There was a roar of stone shattering and cracking, and a primitive weapon that must have weighed no less than several hundred kilograms struck Arakiya.

It was Rem, who had been hiding behind a pillar, watching for the right moment to strike.

Rem, who had remained conscious and hidden behind a pillar despite having been swallowed by the tornado, was probably visible from Abel’s position. Hiding her presence, she had timed her attack with Abel’s gaze as Arakiya advanced, and then pushed down the pillar.

It was the last attack he could come up with in this situation, utilizing Rem’s strength.

It was well-aimed, and so it crushed Arakiya’s slender body――,

Arakiya: [Hmm?]

Rem: [――No way.]

The floor beneath Arakiya’s feet, which she had not even looked at, deformed like amezaiku , and stretched upwards as to support the fallen column. [2]

It was as if they had witnessed the completion of avant-garde art from the beginning to the end.

Rem’s full power did not reach Arakiya, nor did it even distract her.

Then, as Rem kneeled at the base of the broken pillar, Arakiya regarded her back. After taking a look at Rem, her eyes suddenly widened.

Arakiya: [Oh, an oni. That’s unusual.]

Rem: [You’re…]

Arakiya: […Don’t get in my way. I don’t want my people to get hurt.]

Rem: [Your people…?]

Rem’s face reddened with anger, wondering what she was talking about.

But sadly, because of the existence of a large discrepancy in power between her self and her opponent, anger was merely an emotion, and the will to resist was useless.

Rem reached for rubble, and this time tried to show her intent to attack by throwing stones.

However, Arakiya swung the branch in her hand, conjuring a wind that blew the debris around Rem away.

Literally, they had been swept away. Not only the debris on the floor were blown away, but the walls and ceiling behind Rem, the upper levels of the building, one after another, were as well.

Arakiya: [I’m not good at controlling my strength. You, too, will fly away, at this rate.]

Rem: [If that’s the case, then why don’t you do it? After all you’ve done, what’s there to hesitate about now? It’s not like that…]

Arakiya: […Disappointing.]

Rem’s clenched-teeth answer made Arakiya’s shoulders slump in dejection.

But despite the cute gesture, Arakiya’s actions were caustic and simple. Slowly the branch was lifted, and a phenomenon of a different dimension would shatter Rem’s existence.

――There was no way Natsuki Subaru could tolerate such a thing.

Subaru: [AH, AHHHHH―― Hk!]

With a yell, Subaru’s body leapt into action, chasing away the pain in his entire body.

Only at this moment, cowering fear, unpredictable anxiety, and everything else were in the way.

Abandoning his fears, he moved forward as his instincts told him to, and intervened in front of Rem and Arakiya.

He hoped to at least protect Rem from the destruction that was about to befall her.

He was willing to die, if it meant protecting Rem.

He really did not want to die, and everything would be ruined if Natsuki Subaru died here, but he did not mind dying here.

Dressed as a woman, with fake breasts, makeup on his face, a wig on his head, and even an ingenious way to make his skin look white, in such a ridiculous appearance that sought beauty, Natsuki Subaru stood up for the girl he had to protect, with the thought of spitting blood.

Rem: [――Hk.]

Protecting Rem against his back, he spread his hands.

He could notice that Rem had gasped upon dawning on her that Subaru had intervened in front of her.

But what she thought or felt about Subaru’s action, he would never know. That opportunity would never come again.

It was snatched away in a flash before the destruction named Arakiya――,

???: [――What a comical sight. But it is not so bad.]

That was the voice that reached Subaru’s ears as he prepared to have everything taken away, and nothing to be left.

As he closed his eyes in an attempt to accept the coming end, he gasped when he registered that no heat, loss, pain, suffering, thirst, or any of the other factors that lead to “death” had befallen his body.

Then slowly opening his eyes, he saw it.

Before that Subaru, spreading out his upper limbs, shielding Rem to his back―― there was someone else’s back.

It was not Arakiya. Arakiya was standing on the other side of that back. He could see her standing there, stunned, astonishment plastered on her face.

The being that had brought that stupefaction to Arakiya turned around, cutting down all the destruction that was supposed to come, while holding up a glowing red sword in their right hand.

Pompous, arrogant, crimson eyes convinced that everything in this world would kneel at their feet. The one who hugged their arms as they bounced their ample breasts, with scornful looks that were the embodiment of cruel beauty, a person who he was not supposed to see here.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Subaru simply gasped at the appearance of an existence that was not supposed to be there.

Looking at him, the owner of the beautiful face, the manifestation of the word “crimson”, snorted.

And then――,

???: [No need to say your name, fool. I shall, however, permit you to say my name.]

As she said this, she―― Priscilla Barielle, had a blood-colored smile on her face.

Translation Notes:

[1] The Sengoku period was a period of near-constant civil war in Japan occurring from 1467-1616.

[2] Amezaiku is a form of Japanese candy craft artistry, which results in beautiful sculptures of animals such as fish and insects..

--- Chapter 25: A Reunion Akin to Scorching Blood ---

▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――There was a girl of “crimson” , like a vivid, scorching flame, richly scented in blood.

Amidst the sudden battlefield, upon the upper levels of City Hall, this violent beauty dominated the desolate scene while holding a radiant treasured sword.

With her dazzling orange hair, a luxurious blood-colored dress, and feminine figure, the person grasping that sword was one whose back exuded strength.

Subaru: [――――]

Staring at her in exasperation, Subaru’s thoughts were stirred into confusion as stood with arms open wide.

Momentarily forgetting the pain that coursed through his entire body and the need to breathe, a single word bounced chaotically in his empty head, “Why”.

Why, was she here.

Why, had she saved Subaru.

Why, was she able to face Arakiya with such calm.

Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, he could not stop wondering why.

Overwhelmed by endless questions, Subaru felt like time itself had halted. Then, as if to ridicule the motionless Subaru, the woman of “crimson” gave a snort and――,

Priscilla: [What an idiotic visage. Have your eyes been scorched by my nobility?]

Subaru: [――What, do you have eyes in the back of your head?]

Priscilla: [Nonsense. Does it appear like I have such a deformity? I can tell a foolish commoner’s expression just by their respiration.]

Still with nary even a glance back, came a proud retort of the woman―― of Priscilla Barielle.

Whilst gazing at the woman who should not be present, Subaru did not have any words to refute the preposterous notion that she would be capable of knowing his expression just by his breathing.

The situation slowly progressed in front of Subaru, who could only be stunned and dumbfounded.

Priscilla: [Well.]

After taking a short breath, Priscilla looked around as she continued to firmly wield the ornate crimson sword.

She recognized that the City Hall had been completely transformed by the sudden intruder’s rampage. Even accounting for the injured People of Shudraq and the comatose Zikr, the only ones who could move, albeit barely, were Subaru, Rem right behind him, and Abel, atop the balcony.

And the one who was the cause of all this――,

Priscilla: [――Arakiya.]

Arakiya: [――――]

Narrowing her crimson eyes, Priscilla focused on the other girl quietly.

The one who maintained her silence under such circumstances was the brown-skinned, silver-haired demi-human―― The Imperial General First-Class, ranked Second, Arakiya.

She had been said to be the second strongest person in the Vollachia Empire. Her abilities had showcased this well. She met Priscilla’s gaze, brimming with strong will, head-on, with her red right eye that remained uncovered by her eyepatch―― Nay, actually, she did not.

Arakiya: [Prin… cess…?]

Until now, Arakiya had given the impression of an otherworldly presence, imposing a solid world of her own. However, under Priscilla’s stare, that world collapsed in a single beat.

Instead, what emerged was intense agitation and equally great joy.

Arakiya: [Princess, Princess, Princess… Hk.]

The dangerous atmosphere fizzled out, while Arakiya uttered those words over and over again, as if to confirm it.

Almost as if she were a lost child reunited with their parents, or a small brother and sister trying to regain their bond; one could see the obsession of the weak trying to cling onto the strong.

――The relationship between Priscilla and Arakiya was unknown to the others.

Odd as the sight was, Subaru could not figure out the reason why Priscilla would need to come to this place, and could only guess that there was an unusual past between the two.

It could be this past relationship had broken Arakiya’s fighting spirit, who was by far the most dangerous being in this place.

Arakiya: [――Hk.]

Lowering the thin tree branch in her grip, Arakiya, overcome by emotion, tried to step forward. It seemed as if she were about to jump straight into Priscilla’s chest.

Perhaps she desired to follow the passion welling up in her heart, and embrace Priscilla.

However ――,

Arakiya: [Princ–―]

Priscilla: [Silence.]

But that did not come to pass.

A short, fierce command was accompanied by a flash. As Arakiya was about to take a step forward, a red glow swept across, just mere centimetres from the toes of her bare feet, and glaring flames flared up to prevent her from advancing further.

Arakiya: [――――]

At best, the flames contained the power of a bonfire, which went up to her shins.

They were not great enough to hamper Arakiya’s long legs from stepping over them. She easily could ―― yet despite that, she was unable to move, almost as if she faced an insurmountable wall.

As they stood, Priscilla continued to stare coldly at Arakiya, whose eyes widened at the unexpected action.

Priscilla: [Arakiya, why do you wish to come to me now?]

Arakiya: [Wha…?]

Priscilla: [Did you believe that I would be so excited to reunite with you as to welcome you into my arms? If such is the case, I cannot help but be amazed at your optimism.]

Priscilla’s words were tinged with contempt and disgust, completely blocking Arakiya from approaching.

Arakiya must have understood that there was distance between them. Her eye trembled in astonishment, as she desperately attempted to find the best answer to Priscilla’s words.

But――,

Arakiya: [P-Prisca-sama…]

Priscilla: [Prisca is dead. ――Have you not changed after all this time, even after obtaining your newfound position?]

Arakiya: [――Hk.]

Priscilla: [How dull. It has been a long time since I have last gazed at the soil of my homeland, but it is difficult to feel anything when it has grown so emaciated.]

Priscilla was unable to dismiss the fact that she was deeply disappointed.

To be honest, he lacked enough understanding of her position in this situation to even begin to guess what Priscilla was thinking. Even so, Subaru knew that her heartless words had shaken Arakiya to the core, insofar as making her shed blood.

It was a deep wound. One of being disrespected by a person with whom she had formed an important bond.

Arakiya’s eye wavered upon being labeled a disappointment. She could have cowered at the verbal wound; however, instead of faltering, she instead reflected a fierce look from her exposed red eye.

Not anger, but a glimmer of determination and resolve.

Arakiya: […I don’t care what the Princess thinks of me. Even though it’s painful. But I’ve made up my mind.]

Priscilla: [――. Ho, so you have made up your mind? Can you regain my interest then? Try telling me what you have decided.]

In response to Arakiya’s quiet appeal, Priscilla threw out a provocative statement, whether she intended to or not. In turn, Arakiya looked up and yelled, “I will!”

As she howled, Arakiya flexed her slender knees,

Arakiya: [I will regain the Princess’s rightful place! In the Empire! And to do that…]

The aim of Arakiya’s outburst was not directed at Priscilla, who was only half listening.

The gaze of her one eye strayed from Priscilla, heading toward Abel, still perched on the balcony as these events unfolded. He became the target of her shifting emotions.

Arakiya: [You’re a liar, Your Excellency, and for that, I shall―― Tch!]

Her eye blazing with passionate fury, Arakiya’s slender body leapt high in the air. Ignoring the barrier of fire between her and Priscilla, she vaulted forward, her destination being Abel on the balcony.

Her leaping prowess was extraordinary. However, it was not that surprising, considering she held the title of the second strongest in the Empire.

The main problem was that, aside from Priscilla, there was nobody who had the means to stop her.

Subaru: [Shit, Abel’s going to…! Priscilla!]

Priscilla: [Do not raise such a fuss. Why are you acting so familiar, you foolish commoner? With whose permission did you call me by my name?]

Subaru: [This isn’t the time to…]

Priscilla: [――I said, do not raise a fuss.]

With her ornate sword lowered in one hand, Priscilla ignored Subaru’s pleas.

After this threat, which made Priscilla’s next actions unreadable, Arakiya’s form surged like an arrow, approaching Abel in the breathless Subaru’s vision.

Abel: [――――]

Abel was leaning onto the railing of the half-destroyed balcony, blood pouring from his forehead.

He had not displayed any signs of dismay at Priscilla’s sudden intrusion, and was still standing firm, regarding Arakiya with his intense black eyes.

It was a known fact that he was not a particularly skilled fighter. His lone uninjured arm, of course, was not strong enough to take on one of the strongest in the Empire. Therefore, Subaru did not know why he refused to fall into despair.

Without knowing――,

Subaru: [Abel――!!]

He knew it was pointless, yet nevertheless he tried to dash toward him. But his legs lost their strength at the first step. Having fallen on his knees, Subaru could only reach out as Arakiya approached Abel.

――The very next moment, a chain of events beyond Subaru’s comprehension occurred.

Abel: [――――]

Abel stomped hard on the balcony floor, keeping his eyes on the enclosing Arakiya. Immediately after doing so, cracks spread further across the half-destroyed balcony, and the place he took as his foothold collapsed instantaneously.

Naturally, Abel, being on top of it, fell helplessly―― so he thought, but that was not what happened.

Abel’s body instead remained suspended in midair. His outstretched right hand had grasped the curtain, which hung from the top floor.

Abel had hidden a lifeline beneath his hand, that he had up against the railing, and then he had intentionally collapsed the place he was standing on.

Perhaps, had the enemy been small fry, the strategy could have been to have them swallowed by the collapse and consequently fall downstairs all at once.

However, the opponent was one of the Nine Divine Generals. Furthermore, she was also ranked Second among them.

Arakiya: [What fun….!]

Swinging like a pendulum, Abel held on for dear life to the curtain, as Arakiya bared her fangs.

Although she had lost the foothold necessary to land after her leap, Arakiya’s strength came not only from her enhanced physical abilities, but also from her superhuman powers.

Her legs flickered like glowing embers, and from her knees down, her body transformed into flames, her posture flexed in midair like that of a missile with jets blowing from her legs.

The flames that had immolated Mizelda, the fierce tornado that had blown away the common soldiers, the crude craftwork that had supported a collapsing pillar, the gale that had disarmed Rem, and finally the transformation of a part of her own body into flames.

From all these past events, they had become painfully aware of the endless versatility of Arakiya’s abilities.

Arakiya: [Your Excellency, die――!]

At this rate, a branch with unknown power was going to strike Abel. Hanging from the drape, Abel was unable to maintain his position and spun around.

It was unclear if the branch was going to stab him, if it was going to release magic, or if it was going to create some sort of other supernatural effect. ――It was unknown, yet regardless of what it would do, Abel was going to be shattered into pieces.

That certainty alone made the pupils of Subaru’s dark eyes narrow with impatience and urgency.

And yet――

???: [――Oh damn, bro. I didn’t even know that it was you ‘til I heard your voice just now.]

Instantly, a figure intervened between the demonic Arakiya and the suspended Abel.

From beside Rem, who was knocked down, a figure ran over the pillar that Arakiya had caught, and threw an attack from the side, aiming for the branch that she held. The strike of the broad dao was blocked by the branch, its swing produced by a flick of Arakiya’s wrist, but the resulting momentum sent her flying.

After the person’s surprise attack was parried without any difficulty, they let out a “Daaah!”, and angrily stomped the ground.

???: [Shit, my arm hurts! Don’t effortlessly parry a strike someone put their all into, it’s gonna make them depressed.]

His whine and waving of his aching arm concluded the chaotic series of events. That person was, once again, outside the scope of Subaru’s imagination.

It was a man who sported a jet-black helmet, dressed in a bandit-like fashion from the waist down. The man, who looked like a brigand or a thief, was characterized by his missing left arm, while his thick right arm held the dao.

It was a man he knew. In fact, this was the first person he should have thought of, if Priscilla was here.

He was――,

Subaru: [――Al?]

Al: [Hey, bro! Didn’t think I’d run into you on the other side of the border. I’d like to share my thoughts on your attire and this strange reunion…]

Priscilla’s knight―― or rather, servant, Al, tilted his head and raised his voice in an out-of-place greeting.

He responded to Subaru in the same aloof tone as usual, while prohibiting Arakiya’s advance, still floating in the air with her legs morphed into flame.

In this case, Subaru did not know if he should be more impressed by Al’s ability to block Arakiya’s attack with just one strike, or by the durability of the tree branch which had clashed straight-on with the dao and came out unscathed.

Al: [You can be surprised, man. After all, it wasn’t like this was something done in one shot.]

Arakiya: [Get out of the way! I can’t kill His Excellency like this!]

Al: [I’ve come all this way to interfere, how can I get out of the way now? I can’t just stand here and let my head fall off my body. But…]

Arakiya howled in anger, and Al looked at her from the front without hesitation.

Arakiya’s outfit was overly revealing, but Al did not look at her with lewd intentions. His gaze only contained feelings of nostalgia and deep emotion.

In fact, Al let out an admiring sigh.

Al: [Haa~. You’ve really grown up. I always knew you’d be beautiful.]

Arakiya: […Who are you?]

Al: [You saying that, it really hurts! Even though we’re friends who trusted each other with their lives!]

When Al called out to her as if she was a familiar face, she raised her eyebrows in suspicion. In order to keep her at a distance, Al kicked up a piece of the broken floor at her slender body.

Looking over Al’s work, Priscilla called out to him.

Priscilla: [Al. You know what I desire, I brought you here, not Schult. Do your job.]

Al: [I’m doing it! Do I look like I’m having fun with this cutie? If I’m not careful, I’ll be ripped to shreds in ten seconds, okay?]

Priscilla: [Taking a look at the situation, you certainly have not accomplished much.]

Al: [It’s better than being ripped to shreds, isn’t it? Whoa!]

Al, whose concentration was disturbed by the impatient remarks of his master, was nearly killed by Arakiya’s blow.

Flying in the air, Arakiya circled more freely than a bird, and Al desperately parried the attacks from her branch being launched one after another.

Arakiya: [You’re in the way…!]

Al: [It really hurts an old man’s heart to hear a girl your age say that.]

Abel continued to hang, and Al continued to protect him.

Glaring down at both of them, Arakiya’s eyes became angrier, and every inch of her body was filled with fighting spirit. Still, the reason she would not unleash the fearsome ranged attack she had initially showed was――,

Subaru: [Priscilla…]

Princess, that was what Arakiya had called Priscilla.

Priscilla’s attitude was nothing but cold and disconnected, but it didn’t seem that way for Arakiya. That was the only reason as to why she had not created even more destruction.

Therefore, if anyone could alter this stalemate, that person would be Priscilla, who kept the floating Arakiya in check.

Subaru: [――――]

Priscilla: [Do not regard me with those clingy eyes, foolish commoner. I may praise you for your feigned good looks, but wishing to utilize them to make me stir would be irreverent.]

Subaru: [Guh… Hk!]

Subaru, on his knees, turned around, but Priscilla was far too arrogant to take him seriously.

Instead, it was Rem, who had been sheltered by Subaru’s back till now, who moved. She pursed her lips, stepping in front of Priscilla with a perilous gait.

And then――,

Rem: [Please, I beg you. Please, lend us your strength.]

Priscilla: [――. Hmm, what an auspicious thing to say. I would state you to be more polite than this foolish commoner.]

Rem: [Then…!]

Priscilla: [Do not get too carried away. And just, observe. Already, the provisions to shift the state of affairs are underway.]

Rem’s plea, and the possibility of Priscilla’s disapproval, sent a chill down Subaru’s spine. However, Priscilla did not lose her temper; instead, she indicated to the battlefield with a slight turn of her head.

Rem followed her gaze with a surprised “Eh?”, and Subaru followed suit.

In that battlefield atop the balcony, were it left unchecked, Abel and Al could be slaughtered by Arakiya in seconds. And in fact, the risk of such a thing increased with every passing second.

Al: [Da! Ga! Ao! Guah! Ubaa!]

Arakiya danced in the sky with her legs ablaze, and Al managed to block her attacks, though his movements were terribly clumsy and unrefined, resulting in him being repeatedly pushed back with one blow after another.

But the succession of miracles would not be everlasting. The damage from the accumulated strikes began to show on Al’s body, and as soon as his reaction began to be visibly delayed, his upper body was shaken by a huge blow.

With that, Al lost his stance and was defenseless against the next attack, and at that moment――,

Arakiya: [――Hk!?]

Arakiya tried to kick the air, yet her body unnaturally swayed, causing her to lose some control.

Even to the run-of-the-mill layman, this was no ordinary sort of offensive motion, as demonstrated by the eyes wide in astoundment and choked out cry of distress.

Arakiya: [――――]

All of them had been startled by the change that had afflicted Arakiya.

The two people who had not been caught off-guard were Priscilla, who was looking at the situation leisurely, and the one who had instigated it, who was supposed to be in the middle of a fierce battle――,

???: [――Attack!]

The order slammed into the air with a mixture of a burning and dusty smell.

It had come from Abel, suspended in midair, whose voice was more stern than angry, more ostentatious than arrogant. The man, still hanging from the curtain, shouted at the opportunity that arose in the battle overhead.

It was as if he had known this moment would come.

Al: [You can tell me what happened later!!]

In response to Abel’s command, Al flew.

In an awkward leap and twist, the dao drew a parabolic line and mercilessly slammed into the slender body of Arakiya bereft of mercy―― no, there was mercy.

The wrist holding the dao twisted, and the blunt side, not the blade, headed for Arakiya.

Priscilla: [Fool.]

Perceiving that non-lethal trick, Priscilla curtly remarked.

Her eyes, boundlessly arrogant, had correctly foreseen the situation.

Arakiya: [Stay back…!]

At the moment of collision, there was a dull sound that made Subaru want to turn his eyes away.

Al’s powerful blow flew into Arakiya just as he had intended, and she took it head-on with her raised left arm. Her elbow snapped in the opposite direction, broken bones pierced her brown skin, and blood sprayed.

It was a painful blow, but not a fatal one.

Behind his jet-black helmet, there was a low growl from Al, and an indication that his cheeks were surprisingly tense.

A moment later, Arakiya’s thin foot struck him in the neck from the side, sending him crashing to the floor with a fierce impact. His bouncing body was blown away, and went straight out of the collapsed balcony.

Al: [Dohhh, AHHHHH―― HK!?]

An ugly scream tailed off, and so, Al’s figure disappeared from sight.

He was safe, of course, but now the obstacle between Abel and Arakiya had vanished.

Arakiya extinguished the flames from her legs and planted her feet on the floor. This time, she was going to pluck the life out of Abel’s body.

――Suddenly, a black shadow leaped furiously at Arakiya’s back.

???: [GRAAAAAAAAAAH…!!]

A shadow blew away the rubble and rushed at Arakiya with a fierce yell. It was a being that grasped a large knife in a backhand grip, and launched an offensive wielding its hunting instinct.

For a moment, the sheer spirit of the shadow’s surprise attack almost overwhelmed Subaru’s understanding of its true identity.

Her tall, well-built body, wounded and burnt black, her black hair dyed red, and the white pattern on her skin indicating her as one of the People of Shudraq―― Subaru then shouted.

Subaru: [Mizelda-san!!]

Mizelda: [TCHAAAAAAAH!!]

Without answering Subaru’s call, Mizelda continued to roar as if she was spitting up blood.

Mizelda had been the victim of the first strike from Arakiya’s intrusion. And with her whole body still in a pitiful state due to the burns it had sustained, she continued to attack as if burning away her very own life.

The relentless blade she wielded was aimed at Arakiya’s vitals.

Unlike Al, Mizelda had no mercy or compassion to give to her prey at the last minute. Seeing the way she fought, Subaru belatedly realized that she was the target of Abel’s order from before.

Abel had foreseen Arakiya’s slump, and inspired the dying Mizelda to fight harder.

Subaru could not imagine how much thought had gone into performing this divine calculation, under such sudden and seemingly unrecoverable circumstances.

But still, this extra step was not enough.

Mizelda: [――――]

Despite Mizelda’s struggle, she still remained in bad shape, and Arakiya’s expert ability would easily be able to deal with her.

Frowning in annoyance, Arakiya easily blocked many of Mizelda’s attacks with some rough swings of her branch, while the latter burnt through the dying drops of her life.

No longer was there any point in mentioning the strength of that branch.

The impact of the cleaving branch drove Mizelda’s knife out of her hand, and a moment later, the branch was thrust into Mizelda’s unarmored torso.

Her well-developed abs of steel were pierced with a sickening sound, without much resistance.

It bored through Mizelda’s body, shredding vital internal organs and forcing the mighty amazoness’s body nearer towards death――,

Arakiya: [Now, finally…]

Mizelda: [――Where are you looking ?]

It happened the moment when Arakiya’s attention shifted from the interloper she thought she had eliminated.

Mizelda’s eyes glistened as she froze in place, blood bubbling at the corners of her mouth. She gave a fierce smile, red blood staining her white teeth, and grabbed Arakiya’s right hand that held the branch with both of hers.

She gripped it more and more tightly, then made herself immobile.

Mizelda: [――――]

The moment of stagnation that was created was, or was to be, the final opportunity.

But there was no one on their side, including Subaru, who could take advantage of the moment created by Abel’s wisdom and Mizelda’s dedication.

The People of Shudraq, led by the struggling chieftain, had yet to recover from that last raging storm, and neither had Subaru, who could barely stay conscious.

Even Rem, who had broken off a pillar, was unable to reach the two due to her weak legs.

Without everyone working as one, the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity was lost.

However――,

Priscilla: [――You may hold your head aloft, oni girl. It was your plea that brought about this swing of mine.]

However, even though Subaru’s allies was incapable to reach out, that was not the same for the third force on the battlefield.

Priscilla: [――――]

Priscilla, who had a bird’s eye view of the battle, closed the distance with a single step and aimed for Arakiya’s unprotected back.

For a moment, Arakiya was aware of the presence behind her and moved to engage it. She wanted to throw Mizelda’s tall body, which was grabbing her arm, and slam it into the enemy behind her.

But she could not do that. ――She could not do it, because she could see who that presence belonged to.

Arakiya: [Prin――]

Arakiya, who had been unable to break her obsession with Priscilla from beginning to end, was struck by a flash of the crimson sword.

With a bang, her gushing blood was incinerated by the flames, and Arakiya’s body shook terribly.

Priscilla: [I did tell you, Arakiya. ――That you should have prepared your resolve for the time you met me next.]

A promise made in the past, the true meaning of which no one else had the right to intrude on.

The only thing they knew, was that Priscilla’s merciless blow was the answer to that promise, and also the answer to Arakiya’s unbreakable longing.

Arakiya: [――――]

Arakiya’s body collapsed on the floor as the treasured crimson sword collided with her back.

Mizelda, who had grabbed her arm and was blocking her movement, was also caught up in it. The two of them fell in a tangle, throwing their arms and legs out like sluggish ragdolls.

Mizelda: [――――]

The situation, which had been moving at a dizzying pace, as the air that seemed to be stirred endlessly with swords and flames, was suddenly engulfed in silence. Subaru felt as if time had stood still.

It was as if the mere movement of one breath or one step would ruin everything, and it would all fall apart like a dream.

Rem: [――Mizelda-san!]

It was Rem’s tense voice that shattered the stillness of that moment.

With faltering arms, she crawled across the floor and hurried to Mizelda, who was lying folded up against Arakiya.

Mizelda’s whole body had been scorched all over, blown away by a gale of wind, and even pierced through the stomach.

Rem, kneeling beside her, gasped, and with a desperate expression, placed her hands on Mizelda’s body and tried to hold her together with a pale light of healing magic.

Abel: [Is this really the situation to be gawking? Give me a hand.]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Abel’s voice reached Subaru’s ears, stunned immobile after seeing Rem in action.

Abel was still unable to climb up from his suspended position. Shaking his head, Subaru hurried towards the former balcony and looked down at the empty space below them.

Abel, hanging by his right arm with a curtain wrapped around him, pierced Subaru with his eyes.

Abel: [You survived. You really have the luck of the devil, do you not?]

Subaru: […Looks like you’ve got plenty of bark left in that hateful mouth of yours.]

Subaru’s cheeks twisted at Abel’s inability to stop talking, then he grabbed the curtain and pulled him up.

To be honest, if Subaru was a mess, then so was Abel, being drawn up. The former wished to stretch his limbs out and let go of his consciousness right now, but he could not do that.

Subaru: [It’s not just Mizelda-san…]

A large number of injured people had fallen victim to Arakiya’s rampage.

In an environment where those who could use healing magic were rare, non-magical first aid was necessary. There was no time to pass out.

To fall here would be to allow oneself to be lost.

That should not be allowed to happen.

For that reason――,

Subaru: [Hurry up and get up here…]

Clenching his molars, he pulled the curtain and grabbed Abel’s hand once he came within reach. Relying on the feeling of Abel’s tight grip, he managed to pull the man who was taller than him up.

Abel, upon his return to solid ground, gasped slightly before Subaru fell on his ass.

Abel: [That was a great deed. I commend you.]

Subaru: [Shut up…]

Rejecting the praise that did not show a shred of sincerity, Subaru clucked his tongue softly.

As it was, he was about to get up to start carrying out the other wounded――,

Priscilla: [――Do not move on your own, foolish commoner. Who do you take as ruler of this place?]

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru, who was on his buttocks, and Abel, who was on his knees, closed their mouths in unison.

What intimidated them without a word, with her arms crossed as to emphasize her voluptuous chest, were those crimson beauty’s―― Priscilla’s, eyes and voice.

They were acquaintances, not strangers.

But if one asked him if they had a good relationship, he would hesitate to nod in assent. This was not only because they belonged to opposing camps in the Royal Selection, but also because of Priscilla’s temperament.

Pompous and uncompromising, Priscilla could be a powerful ally were she willing to cooperate, and an unpredictable bomb if she was not.

In the battle of the Watergate City of Pristella, she had been a reliable ally. On the other hand, what about this time?

Was it okay to consider her as an ally after she lent a hand fighting off Arakiya?

In any case――,

Abel: [While I resent it, you are the one in control of this situation, Prisca Benedict.]

In place of Subaru, rendered immobile and mute, it was Abel who opened his mouth in place of Subaru.

With one knee on the floor, Abel called Priscilla by a different name, and it sounded like the one Arakiya had said before collapsing.

Priscilla gave a tiny snort at being called that,

Priscilla: [Unfortunately, Prisca Benedict was defeated in battle and died in vain. How could one who is beneath the grave speak like this?]

Abel: […I see. Then who are you, and what do you call yourself?]

Priscilla: [Priscilla Barielle. That is mine name. You shall do well to remember it, Vincent Abellux.]

Priscilla’s and Abel’s gazes met as she answered his question in a dignified manner.

A storm of pressured glances, like either fire or lightning, passed between them. Subaru, standing beside them, was caught in the middle and had to turn his head slightly to avoid being blown away.

Priscilla, who knew Abel’s name, and Abel, who called Priscilla by a different name.

Subaru gulped quietly, foreseeing the alarming relationship between the two.

Such a brutal atmosphere――,

Al: [――Hey, can anyone help me out here? I’m almost at the end of my rope.]

The only sound in the air was Al’s pathetic plea for help, as he hung from a crystal light fixture below the balcony’s edge.

--- Chapter 26: A Dancing Roundtable Conference ---

▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Al: [――Oi, wait? Is anyone listening? I’m in serious trouble here!]

The tension in the air was shaken by a foolish voice, but that did not relieve the situation of its tension.

If anything, the pressure between Abel and Priscilla kept escalating, and even Subaru, standing on the fringes, was unable to make a move.

Subaru: [ ――――]

If he made the wrong move, he would risk the wrath of Priscilla, the one in charge of the now half-destroyed hall.

Out of fear, he was hesitant to point out that Al was on the verge of falling to his death. The only way to break this situation was for Abel or Priscilla to speak――

???: [――Don’t move .]

However, neither of them were the one to change the predicament.

The unexpected voice came from the staircase that connected the hall to the lower floor. He glanced over to see a new figure looking at Priscilla, an arrow notched in their bow, aimed straight at her.

It was Taritta, whose strong eyes were filled with intense hostility.

Under Abel and Mizelda’s direction, she had left the City Hall before Arakiya’s assault, but had now returned.

Naturally, seeing the upper floors of the City Hall in pieces, Taritta would have inferred that there had been an enemy attack. The problem was that she had no idea what that specifically entailed.

With the heavy atmosphere, and Priscilla looking down at Subaru and Abel, there was no doubt in her mind that Priscilla was the source of all this destruction that had rained down upon the City Hall.

Taritta: [Move, and I’ll shoot you in the head .]

Priscilla: [Oh, my head? It is already bad enough that you could not even get to your ally in time.]

Taritta: [――Hk.]

Taritta’s cheeks tightened at the unnecessary provocation, and Priscilla turned to her with composure.

With an overwhelmingly dignified attitude, Priscilla dismissed the threat of being shot. In fact, Priscilla made a point of walking straight up to Taritta.

???: [That is enough.]

However, Abel halted Priscilla from taking any further steps.

Quietly, Priscilla’s crimson gaze turned to Abel again. Abel, down on one knee, met her gaze firmly.

Abel: [Taritta can be more resourceful than you think. Do not take her lightly.]

Priscilla: [If you say so, but do you think I shall turn a blind eye to her disrespect?]

Abel: [I am sure you cannot. But Priscilla… how many times have you pulled out the Yang Sword?]

Setting aside the unexpected evaluation of Taritta, Abel’s question struck Priscilla.

Subaru, however, could not understand the question’s intent. She was holding the Yang Sword――  a treasured sword of dazzling crimson, that held an indisputable amount of power.

But now that she had defeated Arakiya, she had it sheathed, with the sky as its scabbard. Certainly, she would once again pull it out if required――,

Abel: [Taritta, put the arrow down. She is not your enemy.]

Without waiting for Priscilla’s response, Abel continued to tell Taritta to drop her weapon. However, she was not convinced.

With the arrow still drawn, Taritta persisted, prefacing with “And yet … Hk”.

Taritta: [That woman is clearly dangerous .]

Abel: [I am aware of that which you are saying. But she is not the one you ought to be paying attention to, currently.]

Taritta: [――?]

Abel’s gaze shifted to the side as he conveyed that to Taritta, who had yet to lower her guard. That gesture guided her gaze, and, while keeping Priscilla in sight on the corner of her vision, she turned her attention in that direction, and gasped.

Taritta: [S-Sister…!?]

As her eyes were ushered, Taritta saw Mizelda undergoing treatment from Rem.

With half of her body having been scorched by flames, and her abdomen pierced by a branch, Mizelda was gravely injured. Although Rem was doing her best to treat her, the pain was unbearable.

Rem: [Taritta-san, please call out to her. Call out…!]

Taritta: [Sister, Sister… Hk!!]

Instantly, the atmosphere from before fizzled out and Taritta rushed over to Mizelda. She grabbed her sister’s hand and began to call out “Sister” over and over again, just as Rem had requested.

So once again, there was nothing that could keep Priscilla in check.

Abel: [――――]

The standoff between Abel and Priscilla resumed. ――Or so it seemed.

Priscilla: [――Foolish commoner. Pull him up, you. He shall spoil the fun with all his noise.]

Subaru: [Eh…]

And with that, Priscilla pointed her chin towards the broken balcony.

She had ordered Subaru to rescue Al, who was doing his best to hold on for dear life. Subaru gasped as she gave the order without a care in the world.

Of course, he could not say anything except yes to her request, unless he wanted to take the risk of ruining Priscilla’s mood. Above all――,

Priscilla: [I shall see to that man myself. What, I am not going to let him die. Do not fret too much.]

Pointing to Abel, Priscilla’s mention of Subaru’s concerns also gave some encouragement.

It was not because he had enough of a trusting relationship with Priscilla to believe her outright on that statement, but because he knew that she would not back down from what she had declared.

Abel: [Staring at each other is not going to get us anywhere. For the time being, you should do what she says.]

Subaru: […Alright. I’m not your subordinate, though.]

Abel added that as Subaru pondered over Priscilla’s words.

He did not like the fact that he was being directed by Abel to do something. Leaving that thought for another time, Subaru immediately went to rescue Al, who was stuck hanging off a light fixture at the edge of the building.

Subaru: [――――]

His mind was a jumble of different factors as he did so: the safety of Mizelda and the People of Shudraq, the future of Guaral, and the relationship between Abel and Priscilla.

Subaru clenched his teeth and put those thoughts aside for the moment, concentrating on what was in front of him.

Just as Rem was desperately trying to save the life in front of her, Subaru too, was trying to get as close as possible to the Bloodless Siege that he had envisioned.

△▼△▼△▼△

Al, who had been bathing in the exterior light of the City Hall, was much harder to rescue than expected.

To begin with, Al only had one arm, the other having been lost in his time in this other world. As his lone arm was currently occupied, busy hanging by a thread, his options were limited.

Al: [So this is what it means to have a hand full… No, it’s more like I’m busy as hell at this point. Which one do you think it is, bro?]

Subaru: [Shut up! If you want to be saved, don’t demotivate me!]

Replying to the out-of-place tease, Subaru ripped the curtain Abel had been hanging from before, made a loop at the end, and guided it towards Al.

The loop was then threaded around Al’s torso to secure him in place, and he was ready to be pulled up. Then he tugged at the curtain to pull the dangling and swaying middle-aged man out from his predicament,

Al: […And up, up I go. Whew, barely escaped death there. You saved me.]

There had been a few close calls, but Subaru finally succeeded in pulling Al back up.

After crawling the rest of the way up with Subaru’s help, Al patted his chest and sat on the floor of the wrecked hall. Looking over at him, Subaru wiped the sweat from his forehead, having completed his task.

He then turned to the person who had helped him rescue Al―― Medium.

Subaru: [Thanks, Medium-san, that would’ve been pretty tough on my own.]

Medium: [It’s ok, it’s ok! Also, I’m sorry for collapsing at such a critical moment earlier!]

Laughing cheerfully despite her battered appearance, Medium apologized for what happened in the prior battle.

She apologized for not being able to help during the fight with Arakiya, but her apology was far from necessary. In the first place, both Medium and Flop were not in a position in which they needed to be involved in this battle.

Medium: [Both big bro and I haven’t been diligent enough! I’m sorry, I’m sorry!]

Subaru: [No, it’s not your fault, Medium-san! You couldn’t move because you were protecting Flop, Utakata and… Louis.]

Stumbling over his words somewhat, Subaru praised Medium’s achievement.

At the time the tornado that was Arakiya had blown through the hall, Medium had protected Flop, who had been right beside her, as well as Utakata and Louis, who she had been carrying on both shoulders.

As a result, she hit her head and was too stunned to move. But thanks to her efforts, the three of them were safe, and Medium was spared from further damage.

Medium: [ Hmm, it makes me happy that you say so, Natsumi-chan. But it’s no good. I’m big bro’s bodyguard, so I gotta do my job properly! ]

Subaru: [Medium-san…]

Medium: [Next time! Next time, I won’t be so pathetic! Look forward to seeing that from me and big bro tomorrow, Natsumi-chan!]

Subaru: [――. Yes. It’s reassuring to hear you say that. But I don’t think the two of you should…]

Subaru tried to continue, saying that they were not required to go along with him.

However, the slurring of his words was easily drowned out by how bright as the sun she was when she exclaimed “Ah!”, rounding her eyes in amazement.

Medium: [I’ll go over there and help big bro! It’ll be hard for big bro, with how fragile he is, to carry the injured!]

Subaru: [Yeah, right…]

Medium: [Okay, Natsumi-chan, I’ll see you later! I’m glad that the masked person didn’t fall!]

With a big wave of her hand, Medium ran off restlessly.

She began to help Flop, among others, with the injured, and to carry and treat the injured People of Shudraq and Imperial Soldiers alike.

The O’Connell siblings did not even receive a word of appreciation, and Subaru felt more and more indebted to them.

He wondered if one day he would be able to repay the favor he had been given.

Al: [That was a big, cute young girl. As expected of bro, you’re living it up across the border, ain’t you?]

Subaru: [I shudder because I don’t have any idea what do you mean with “living it up”, though I agree, Medium-san’s a big, cute person. More importantly….]

Al: [Hmm? What’s up, bro?]

Subaru glared at Al, who casually cracked his neck and returned the glance with his usual lighthearted demeanor. Subaru then suppressed his anger towards Priscilla, forcing it back down like a rising hunger.

It was only natural. Subaru’s suspicions and questions had been on the back burner for a while now.

Al: [Don’t look so angry. You’re ruining your makeup and wig.]

Subaru: [I’m sorry, but my makeup and wig have already been trashed due to a last minute firestorm. Don’t get it wrong, the real Natsumi Schwartz’s much prettier.]

Al: [Natsumi Schwartz, was it?]

When Al heard Subaru’s horrible fake name, he cleared his throat with a rumble and gave a laugh pregnant of meaning. With Subaru skeptical of his attitude, he shook his head,

Al: [No, no. I’m just impressed with your pseudonym. I didn’t know you had crossdressing as a hobby, bro.]

Subaru: [Don’t be silly, I’ll fill you in on the correct information about Natsumi next time. But more importantly, answer me. ――Why are you and Priscilla here?]

Al: [――――]

Subaru: [It was a big help to us, but there’s something I really don’t understand. It’s not just the reason as to why you’re in Guaral. It’s about why you’re in the Empire at all.]

In response to Subaru’s serious question, Al closed his mouth softly and fell silent.

It was an inexplicable intervention, no matter how much he thought about it.

It just did not make sense for Priscilla and Al both to be in the Empire with complete impunity. Of course, from their point of view, the same could be said for Subaru, and others too――,

Subaru: [Let’s put that aside for now. The sooner I learn, the better, though.]

Al: [That’s a novel idea, but that’s not what you really wanna hear, bro.]

Subaru: [What?]

Al: [It doesn’t matter why me and the Princess are in the Empire. Bro, what you really wanna know, is the way back… from this scary and dangerous country, to the home you know. Ain’t that right?]

Subaru fell silent this time. The question the other party posed had hit a sore spot.

The way to return from the Empire to the Kingdom; that was the information Subaru was seeking the most right now―― Towards that, Subaru possessed zero words of denial.

He had his doubts. There were other questions, as well as a nagging sense that he was being treated unreasonably. But wasn’t it more important to solve the largest problem right now――,

Subaru: [Then you have the answer to that question…? A way to get back to the Kingdom of Lugunica, and cross the border of the Empire…?]

Al: [Nah, I’m sorry. I dunno. I was just trying to get your hopes up.]

Subaru: [YOU…!]

Al: [Wait, wait, don’t be mad! To be precise, I’m talking about how difficult it is to get out of the Empire right now. It’s hard enough to get in, let alone trying to escape.]

Subaru was frustrated by the way his emotions were being played with in the palm of Al’s hand.

As usual, Al refused to show his true feelings. ――Did Subaru also look like that, from other people’s perspectives? If that’s the case, then it would be something for Subaru to reflect on.

In any case――,

Subaru: [You can get in, but you can’t get out… And the reason for that is…]

Al: [Oh, come on, I don’t gotta tell you that. It means that there are people who don’t want a situation where a certain someone could easily leave the country.]

Subaru: [――. Does that mean you know Abel’s true identity too?]

In response to Al’s comment, Subaru naturally arrived at that conclusion.

He’d heard before that the Vollachian Empire had strict border control, but if the emigration ban was being strengthened under the conditions that Al mentioned, then the reason for that was none other than the existence of Abel―― no, the existence of the Emperor of Vollachia, Vincent Vollachia.

In order to prevent Abel, who had been ousted from the Emperor’s seat and was now on the run, from escaping to another country, border security was being tightened.

All that meant was that in order for Subaru and the others to return to the Kingdom of Lugunica, they would need to overcome some major obstacles.

Subaru: [Al, if you have more information than we do…]

Al: [Oops, I’ll have to keep my mouth shut about this. I don’t want the Princess to get mad at me for blabbering about unnecessary things. If there’s something you wanna talk about, talk to the Princess. However…]

He put his right hand on the metal clasp of his helmet, and a moment later, it made a gentle click.

He then continued,

Al: [I can’t guarantee that the Princess’ll be honest about it, though, can I?]

△▼△▼△▼△

Al: [Princess, I’m back. How’s the discussion going over there?]

Priscilla: [How is it going, you ask? We are not getting anywhere. I have been listening to everyone that has woken up, one-by-one.]

Al, who waved his hand in an easy-going manner, had only been asking about the progress. Meanwhile, Priscilla replied back to him by resting her chin in her hands.

The upper part of the building had been destroyed during Arakiya’s attack, but the foundation remained strong, and fortunately, the contents of the City Hall were still intact.

Thanks to this, they were able to use the conference hall for important discussions with no relocation necessary.

Abel and Priscilla sat on opposite sides of a large roundtable. In addition, Zikr and his Imperial Soldiers, as well as Kuna and the People of Shudraq, were present.

All of them possessed relatively mild injuries, and if Priscilla’s words were true, they had probably already been questioned.

Kuna: [Yo, you okay , Natsumi?]

Subaru: [Kuna, I’m glad you’re awake. Are you hurt?]

Kuna: [Holly’s big frame came in handy . To be honest, I don’t feel comfortable in this place, so I want to get the hell out…]

Subaru noticed Kuna’s pained face as he joined them at the roundtable.

Directing his eyes towards the rest of the Shudraq, Subaru could guess the reason for Kuna’s bitter face. In a nutshell, she was the one representing all Shudraqians in the current moment.

Kuna: [Taritta can’t leave the Chieftain’s side and there’s no point in letting Holly do the talking . But why put me in this role …]

Subaru: [No, you’re attentive and keep a level head, so I think you’re the right person for this job. So, how are the discussions going?]

Kuna: [Well, I think we’ve got a pretty good idea of what’s going on . I believe we’re about to start the so-called discussion .]

Kuna answered while shrugging her shoulders, and Subaru nodded saying “I see”.

Soon after, he was at a loss as to where he should be in the room. In the first place, Subaru’s position in this group wasn’t very clear.

Although he had been the one to plan the operation for the fall of Guaral, because of Arakiya and Priscilla’s intrusion it would be difficult for him to say he had been successful.

???: [Miss Natsumi, if you are in trouble, how about you sit next to me?]

And so, Zikr stood quickly and pulled a chair out in front of Subaru, who had been lost in thought.

Small and stocky, Zikr looked at Subaru and smiled like a gentleman. At his grin, Subaru pointed to himself,

Subaru: [Um, I’m sure you’ve noticed this already, but you know I’m just crossdressing, right?]

Zikr: [If you are posing as a woman, then I am also posing as a man. My idea of a man is to behave like a gentleman with a woman, regardless of who is posing as what.]

Subaru: [So this is the Womanizer…!]

Instead of using “womanizer” as a derogatory term, “womanizer” was used as a term of respect that had a different idea behind it.

Subaru was embarrassed to be dressed in women’s clothing, but he took Zikr’s advice and proceeded to sit down in the chair that had been pulled out for him.

Complementing that, Subaru gave Zikr a “Pardon me,” as he took his seat.

Subaru: [Also, thank you for protecting me upstairs, I would’ve been in danger if Zikr-san hadn’t protected me.]

Zikr: [No, it was just a matter of my body moving in the spur of the moment. I do not know if I could repeat that feat next time. I am the Coward, after all.]

Upon hearing Subaru’s thank you, Zikr proudly referred to himself as the Coward.

This was because the Imperial General Second-Class, Zikr, had been remembered this way by the Emperor to whom he had sworn allegiance.

And Abel, the aforementioned Emperor who was held in such high esteem by the worthy Zikr――,

Abel: [――The Fortress City of Guaral has fallen, and the commander of the garrisoned troops, General Second-Class Zikr Osman, has shifted to our side, complementing the forces of the People of Shudraq of Buddheim Jungle.]

Priscilla: [That is surely not enough. While I have heard of the bravery of the People of Shudraq, we are still far too weak to take the Empire on.]

Abel: [No doubt. Priscilla, where are your men?]

Priscilla: [I do not have my private army in the Empire. Aside from that, the only people I could call my army include that clown in the iron helmet, a drunken swordsman, and a pipsqueak whose only qualification is his cute face.]

Abel: [――――]

While Subaru was in the room talking with Kuna, Abel and Priscilla were having their own discussion.

The two of them looked at each other thoughtfully as they gauged the other’s strength and circumstances, but Subaru intervened with a “Wait a minute”.

He had been pushed around completely and wished to not be left behind again.

Priscilla: [What is the matter, foolish commoner? You are still present?]

Subaru: [I’m here, and I can’t believe I’m saying this, but it’s a hell of a thing that you can look at me without being impressed. The last time she saw me like this, Beako had nightmares for a good while.]

Priscilla: [I believe I had already given you a compliment concerning your attire. Surely you do not believe you shall receive a reward for pulling Al up with a dirty cloth?]

Subaru: [I’m not expecting anything! No, I kind of am. I’m hoping that you’ll at least listen to me a little bit.]

Priscilla’s eyes narrowed at Subaru, who was leaning forward with his hands on the roundtable.

She looked as if she was trying to judge him, but Subaru was not afraid. Unlike before, Kuna and Zikr were here as well. That said, though, he felt like he made for a pathetic bulwark.

Subaru: [Anyway, why’re you even here? I can’t get anywhere asking Al. Let’s hear it clearly from your mouth.]

Priscilla: [That is an annoying question. …I am here to speak with that guy, Vincent Abellux.]

Subaru: [――――]

Jutting her chin in his direction, Priscilla replied as if this were something obvious. In response, Abel, who sat comfortably with crossed arms, closed one of his sable eyes, while the other swirled with complicated emotions.

It was a bewildering look that could be of joy, anger, sorrow, pleasure, or something else, something inexplicable that unaffiliated to any of those feelings.

Subaru: [Talk to Abel…? But how did you know where Abel was?]

Priscilla: [The throne of the Emperor, in the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, has a device that allows them to teleport elsewhere. Should they sense any potential political change, they may escape to the east through it. ――To the tomb where Emperors have been buried for generations.]

Subaru: [The Emperors’ Graveyard?]

Priscilla: [That is where that mechanism would take him. I believe I am correct, Vincent… No, it is more convenient to call you Abel, presently.]

Priscilla’s eyes blazed red as she turned the conversation away from Subaru to Abel.

Exhaling under her burning gaze, Abel nodded,

Abel: [Yes, call me Abel, right now. At least, I am not qualified to call myself Emperor now that the throne has been taken from me.]

Priscilla: [Exceptional, law-abiding, and foolishly honest… In any case, you think too softly. It appears that during your time sitting on the Emperor’s throne, you have forgotten how to stand up.]

Abel: [Gaze upon me, and tell me I have forgotten how to stand up.]

Priscilla’s unrelenting taunting did not deter Abel’s swarthiness.

At that moment, their gazes clashed feverishly, and the air in the conference room even smelled of rising heat. As it was, it seemed inevitable that the discussion would break down and fire would rage――,

???: [Well, well, calm down, both of you. There’s nothing to be gained by getting into trouble, right?]

However, there was a man who had the audacity needed to poke at a powder keg on the verge of explosion while puffing on a cigarette.

It was Al who easily stepped into the uncomfortable atmosphere with what must have been a wry smile. Instead of sitting down, he remained standing, under the combined smoldering glares of both Abel and Priscilla.

Al: [Even though the Princess acts like this, she’s got her cute sides too. As soon as she found out that she had to rush extra-fast to Guaral, she spurred her flying dragon at full speed, almost enough to exhaust him. That’s how much she was looking forward to seeing you… Guah!?]

Priscilla: [Such foolishness.]

Al went behind Priscilla as he spoke and tried to defend her humanity, but his master did not take his thoughts to heart and slammed her fan into his stomach with fierce force.

Al yelped and fell to one knee on the spot, his body bent into a crooked shape.

Priscilla: [To presume to speak for what I feel is of hubris to the extreme. When did you become so full of yourself? Know your place, clown.]

Al: [The fact that you’re running out of patience’s proof enough… But you’re really here to help, ain’t you?]

Priscilla: [――――]

Priscilla’s crimson eyes narrowed as she revealed her displeasure at Al’s words.

But the fact that she did not explicitly deny it in words,  was a sign that Al’s words had been right on the mark.

Subaru: [Priscilla came to help Abel…?]

It seemed so unreal that Subaru was unable to shake the feeling of discomfort. Of course, looking at the results alone, there could not be any doubt that Priscilla had already helped Abel, Subaru and the others. However, her nature, as Subaru knew it, prevented him from being convinced.

Was fighting to protect someone, even if it had the benefit of defeating an enemy not of her liking, really logic that applied for the person known as Priscilla Barielle?

Priscilla: [You have a gleam in your eyes that suggests unpleasant thoughts. Do you wish them to be gouged, foolish commoner?]

Subaru: [Don’t look people in the eye and tell them something so scary. To be honest, I’m not sure how much I believe you…]

Priscilla: [――In any case, Abel, I understand that you reached the east using the mechanism on the throne. If that is the case, were you expecting me to join up with the People of Shudraq and come to the Fortress City?]

Subaru: [Expecting to be here…?]

While Priscilla was admittedly exceptionally perceptive, Subaru found it difficult to fathom the circumstances that Abel had so readily accepted.

Certainly, the given conditions seemed to satisfy the speculation though.

Al: [Don’t get it wrong, bro. The smart guys here are convinced. If we keep it together here, we can avoid trouble we don’t wanna deal with.]

Subaru: [And you’re okay with that…?]

Al: [Good or bad, we’ll just have to suck it up. Even if you try to fight, you’ll lose. ――Because me and the Princess are gonna win anyway.]

Subaru: [Oh…]

Al, still on his knees, slid up to Subaru and declared so with a whisper.

To be honest, it was surprising for Subaru to hear Al assure him that they would win. Originally, Al had a tendency to draw an arbitrary line in regards to what was around him, rather than being humble.

In fact, the other knights of Royal Candidates were all renowned and talented―― and neither Subaru nor Al were special enough to be overconfident among them.

This was why Subaru felt a certain amount of sympathy for Al.

That was why his assertion here was so surprising to Subaru.

Even though he seemed to be unchanging and unconcerned, change was coming. This was because of his master-servant relationship with Priscilla and the accompanying battle of the Royal Selection.

Al: [But I can only speak highly of those who have a chance of winning, even if it’s only by a hundred millionth of a percent. In that respect, this Arakiya girl was in a class of her own. I couldn’t see any way to win.]

Subaru: […I see, the Nine Divine Generals are the strongest members of the Empire. You could say they’re kinda like Reinhard and Julius in the Kingdom of Lugunica.]

If one were to select the strongest members within the Kingdom of Lugunica, they would probably find that most of them would be knights. Reinhard and Julius dispensed being mentioned, Marcos, the captain of the Royal Guard, and Roswaal, the Head Magician of the Court, could likewise be included.

Subaru would also like to add Wilhelm and Garfiel to the list, and have an all-star lineup to face the Nine Divine Generals.

Subaru: [No, that’s not important, no matter how many times you speak of the Nine Divine Generals, it’s hard to believe that someone would be able to match Reinhard…]

Abel: [――I am afraid that is not so.]

Subaru: [What?]

When Subaru tried to gauge the strength of the Nine Divine Generals as the most important opponent to be wary of, Abel said something that made him doubt his ears.

What did he just say? ――That there’s a being that can rival Reinhard?

Subaru: [Are you saying that there are other bug characters like Reinhard?]

Zikr: [I’m not familiar with this vocabulary, but if you mean comparable, I will have to agree. The Nine Divine Generals have a First , above Arakiya.]

Subaru: [The First of the Nine Divine Generals is…?]

Zikr: [――Cecilus Segmunt.]

Next to Subaru, who opened his mouth with a gulp, Zikr quietly said those two words.

Subaru understood that it was a person’s name, and that it was the name of the First Rank in question. The person with that name was the strongest of the Empire, the pride of Vollachia, an overpowered character.

Abel: [The Blue Lightning of Vollachia, as he is called, is a swordsman of the highest class, ranked alongside the Sword Saint of Lugunica, the Admirer of Kararagi, and the Mad Prince of Gusteko.]

Subaru: [Umm… I remember hearing that nickname before… So you’re serious?]

Abel: [If you were to antagonize him, you would lose your head in the blink of an eye. That is the kind of man he is.]

Abel, who had his arms crossed, nodded in response to Subaru’s question, as his cheeks tightened.

In this situation, there was no reason for Abel or Zikr to tell a lie or a joke. In other words, what they had spoken must be the simple truth.

Cecilus Segmunt, the strongest man in the Empire, who was as skilled as Reinhard.

Subaru felt a chill run down his spine as he wondered just how dangerous and fierce this superclass swordsman was.

It was a battle of vast differences in strength. Being both outnumbered and outclassed in quality, how could they possibly hope to win?

Al: […However, if you think about it that way, there’s still some hope. The fact that I could beat Lil’ Miss Arakiya, ranked Second, here, was a big win for us.]

Subaru: [Al…]

Despite the heavy mood of Subaru and the others, Al said this with a cheerful voice.

It was a very optimistic opinion, however it was also a reality that the others could not get on board as easily. However, taking in Al’s spirit, Subaru exhaled, “That’s right”.

If they only considered the negative side of things, they would not be able to make any progress. In fact, Subaru and his team had been able to conquer the Fortress City with minimal damage. They had even managed to add Priscilla and Al as reinforcements, although it was hard to state whether they were friend or foe.

He was sure Rem would do her best to heal the injured Shudraqians, and Mizelda would return to the front lines. They could expect to see more of her relaxed, stoic demeanor, and all-around combat ability.

Henceforth――,

Subaru: [Al’s right… It’s great that we were able to defeat one of the Nine Divine Generals… and a pretty highly-ranked one at that. I’m sure she’s got some information, considering her position.]

Al: [Yeah, you could say that! That’s brilliant, bro. Information’s more valuable than gold during a war. Since she was left alive, let’s hear what she has to say.]

Subaru: [Right. She might have a lead…]

Subaru forced himself to get in the mood, and Al matched him. At that rate, the subject of the conversation changed toward the acquisition of information from Arakiya, who had been successfully captured alive.

???: [ Wait , Subaru and Iron-Mask. I’m going to have to disagree with you on that .]

But then Kuna, who was participating as the representative of Shudraq, intervened.

As Subaru and Al turned around, Kuna stroked her own green-dyed hair, and said――,

Kuna: [That woman is dangerous . You never know what she’ll do if she sees an opening . It’s definitely better to kill her as soon as possible .]

Subaru: [I understand that, but that’s too short-sighted. Killing her is not…]

Kuna: [The Chieftain ended up badly hurt already . I don’t care what Subaru says , we and the others need to execute her .]

Kuna mentioned Arakiya’s execution upfront, and glared at Subaru with stubborn insistence.

When she pointed out Mizelda’s condition, Subaru had no choice but to keep his mouth shut. Her safety had been left to Rem, but even if her wounds healed, the fact that she had been injured would not disappear.

If the Shudraqians found that unforgivable, then Arakiya would have to pay the price.

Subaru: [――――]

While searching for a response to Kuna, Subaru glanced at Priscilla.

He wanted to see what kind of reaction Priscilla would have to Kuna’s insistence on executing Arakiya, as she seemed to have an unusual relationship with her.

However――,

Priscilla: [I have already decided on my attitude towards Arakiya. First and foremost, it was me who slashed down the back of that thing. Are those black eyes on your face merely decoration?]

Subaru: [Guh…]

Priscilla: [I possess no intention to say anything for the sake of Arakiya. If her fate ends here, it will be part of Arakiya’s own path. ――Although it would be a shame.]

Subaru: […I don’t understand you at all.]

Subaru shook his head at Priscilla, who spoke simply as she weighed the value of Arakiya’s life.

At the end of the day, their relationship seemed to be sour, but judging by Arakiya’s attitude, it could have been intimate. Yet, Priscilla’s attitude was terribly disconnected.

As an outsider, Subaru had no idea what their relationship was like.

Subaru: [But if you die, it’s all over. Life doesn’t come back.]

Priscilla: [You dare to teach the value of life to me? Do you believe that I can misjudge the value of another’s life?]

Subaru: [――. You’re not omnipotent. Even you can make mistakes.]

Directly facing Priscilla, Subaru answered without a pause.

As soon as he said that, the air in the room became tense.

Kuna and Zikr gasped, while Al could be seen putting his hand on the forehead of helmet. Subaru, too, was aware that he had said something foolish in a spur-of-the-moment manner.

Only after speaking those words, did he realize that it was a pattern that would likely end up with him losing his life by incurring Priscilla’s displeasure with those words.

The next moment, he might be beheaded by that shining crimson sword.

But even so――,

Subaru: [I’m not wrong. Even you can be wrong.]

Again and again, Subaru repeated the statement that could cost him his life.

A moment later, in front of Subaru. Priscilla’s eyes narrowed with a cold glare. And then, the scorching “death” that would make Subaru pay for his indiscretion――,

Priscilla: [Even I can err, yes? It is a spiteful thing, really.]

Never came.

Subaru: [Eh…]

Subaru’s eyes widened in surprise, and he exhaled his clenched lungs.

Taking one look at Subaru, Priscilla opened her fan noisily and directed her gaze past Subaru, its aim Kuna.

Priscilla: [Before we cut off that thing’s head, it would be best to find a use for it.]

Kuna: [――What, are you trying to tell us what to do ? You’re an outsider .]

Priscilla: [If you wish to ignore my advice, do it.]

Withdrawing her opinion, Priscilla’s gaze stroked over Kuna’s slender body as if it were attempting to burn her.

Hugging herself involuntarily, Kuna ended up naturally demonstrating the pressure that could be felt from that gaze. Unfortunately, Priscilla and Kuna were at different levels.

Al: [Honestly, I was a bit anxious. But now we’re all on the same page!]

As if to break the tense atmosphere, Al struck the roundtable with his hand with force.

Having thus attracted everyone’s attention, he looked at Subaru through his steel helmet and,

Al: [It’s good news that you didn’t die, bro, but it’s also good news that the world didn’t lose that ero-kawaii girl. That said, when she wakes up, we’ll talk――]

???: [――Big problem~ !]

Al was just about to summarize their opinions of what to do with Arakiya, when he heard the sound of hurried and panicked footsteps.

It was Holly, her large body twisting around the entrance of the room, as she burst inside the conference hall with a flurry of footsteps and a panicked voice.

Her body and breath bounced as she drew everyone’s attention, and there were words.

Those were――,

Holly: [A couple of Imperial Soldiers got in, and the Divine General we captured has escaped~ !]

--- Chapter 27: The Haves and the Have-Nots ---

▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [If you’re alive, you’ll get a chance to clean off your disgrace. But if you die, that’s the end. So, I’m going. I won’t get into a fight I don’t think I can win.]

There was no lie in those words.

Throwing oneself into a fight with little chance of winning was a folly only an unbelievable fool would commit to.

He did not believe himself wise, not in the slightest, but for that reason he knew he should approach his decisions carefully. While a wise person might reach a conclusion in an instant, a fool would take an eternity to reach it.

Todd knew that this was how those who were untalented waged battle.

He did not get into fights he could not win.

However, paradoxically speaking――,

Todd: [――There’s absolutely nothing wrong with getting into a fight you have a chance of winning.]

He brought his clenched fist in front of his right eye, and looked longingly into the distance through the small pinhole he had created.

A primitive means of seeing farther, achieved by narrowing one’s field of vision. If he squinted, Todd’s eyes would be able to see quite far, but he would not be able to make out what was going on inside the chaotic City Hall, let alone past the burning flags.

And that applied even if the situation had the winds in his favour.

Jamal: [Oy, the roof of the City Hall’s gone! What’s going on?]

Right next to him, Todd’s ferocious companion was overwhelmed by his own growing sense of urgency, creating a ruckus.

His concentration was disturbed by the noise, so he flicked his hand towards the man to instruct him to shut up. As for what was going on, he was earnestly evaluating the situation.

Todd: [Pretty sure one of the Nine Divine Generals has joined.]

If not, there was no point in staying in the Fortress City, which had fallen into enemy hands.

As mentioned before, Todd had considered abandoning the city and fleeing once the City Hall had fallen due to the enemy’s plan. He had no intention of politely complying with any disarmament order and surrendering.

In the first place, as long as the shots were being called by the poster child of war―― the man who called himself Natsumi Schwartz, dangerous people like Todd and Jamal would be the first to be dealt with.

Even in Vollachia, executions of surrendered prisoners of war were frowned upon, but that man would certainly make up a good reason to excuse such travesties.

At least, that was what Todd would do. It was a natural consideration for survival.

Hence why he had chosen to abandon the city without hesitation. In spite of this, his curiosity got the better of him, so he hid just close enough to confirm the existence of reinforcements heading for the city.

Jamal: [There ain’t any doubt about it. That’s the woman I saw two years ago, when I served during the defeat of the barbarians. ――General First-Class Arakiya, ranked Second.]

As he peered at the scantily-clad woman who had leisurely entered the city by jumping over the closed main gate, Jamal declared those words with a hint of excitement in his snorts.

He was the kind of man who walked around with his wild instincts on his sleeve. Both in terms of his strength as a living creature, and in his male disposition to be able to gauge females, he wasn’t the sort who would forget anyone who tugged at his heartstrings.

In other words, one of the strongest among the Empire’s Nine Divine Generals had made their appearance to suppress the rebellion. ――So this must be the “chance” that Todd had previously judged to be missing.

Even so――,

Todd: [To act or not to act, it’s more than worth the trouble.]

Although Natsumi’s tricky tactics were brilliant, he had no direct combat power, at least, not within a third of a soldiers’ own power. The People of Shudraq who followed him were known for their toughness, but that was only relative to ordinary people.

Those who were truly strong, such as the Nine Divine Generals, were not constrained to such criteria.

Even Jamal, whose only claim to fame was his tremendous swordsmanship and fighting prowess, was only about as good as a dozen regular Imperial soldiers. That was the measure of how well one could gauge an ordinary person. Members of the Nine Divine Generals were prime examples of ones who would “take care” of Jamal. ――The City Hall that had fallen into enemy hands would be reclaimed.

Todd: [Then it’s wise to back the winning ground dragon.]

There was no need to work with a member of the Nine Divine Generals.

All they had to do, was to be more useful to the General than the Soldiers who had been captured and rendered unable to do their job. If they could detain the enemy, interrogate them, and deliver some proper payback, then the General First-Class would remember their actions well.

If they did that, they would be promoted to a higher position, and may be able to find their way back to the Imperial Capital sooner rather than later.

Todd: [Alright, we’re heading back, Jamal. We’re going to help her retake the City Hall.]

Jamal: [Oh? Oh, yeah! Haha, that’s good. I’m glad to hear that! I’ve been itching all over for a while, since running away ain’t my style. I ain’t gonna let the General First-Class hog all the credit!]

Todd: [Don’t be silly. We’re going to gain the favor of the General.]

Todd sighed at Jamal, whose fists hardened in anticipation for a return to battle in response to the change of plans. Setting out for the City Hall, they located a position with an optimal view for monitoring the situation, instead of directly entering the building.

Following his own beliefs to the last, he was careful and cautious, and――,

Todd: [――Kill him, Arakiya.]

The top floor of the City Hall was blown away by gale-force wind, the barely-visible General First-Class on a rampage.

From a distance, the Second Ranked silver-haired, brown-skinned woman wielded a tree branch that looked like an improvised weapon, and rampaged about as if she were the highest law of the world.

Between all the bodies indiscriminately strewn around the hall, there was no distinction between Shudraq and Imperial Soldiers.

Under these circumstances, the one who stood in front of Arakiya with a blue-haired girl behind his back was none other than Natsumi Schwartz.

Todd: [――――]

As soon as he saw him, the thoughts that came to Todd’s mind were not dismissive like, “How could he be stupid enough to stand in front of a General First-Class?” or “How is he still alive?”.

Rather, with utmost vigilance, Todd shouted out loud in his heart.

――Kill that man here, for sure, Arakiya!

Above all else, for better or worse, he did not care what he got credit for. He did not care if the time he spent thinking about his decision to stick around ended up being meaningless.

He did not care about anything else, as long as he could make sure that the life of Natsumi Schwartz, the poster child of war, had been terminated.

It would be――,

Todd: […Oi oi, you’ve got to be kidding me.]

In the instant Arakiya was going to kill Natsumi, Todd’s sincere hope was shattered just as something flashed above his tunneled vision, while he was focusing on letting that decisive moment go unmissed.

A flash of red light separated Natsumi and Arakiya.

It both majestically challenged Arakiya and sheltered Natsumi behind her back, as though it seemed to be the absolute strongest thing in the world. The moment he saw this, the balance in Todd’s mind tipped significantly.

Jamal: [What was that thing that just fell from the sky!? A flying dragon!? Where’s the flying dragon!?]

Todd: [――――]

Jamal: [Are you listening to me, Todd! What about us? Shouldn’t we be backing General First-Class Arakiya! Hey! Listen to me…]

Todd: [――Shut up, Jamal.]

Jamal, whose voice roughened at the change in the situation, gasped at Todd’s words.

Without acknowledging Jamal any further, Todd kept his gaze on the scene in the City Hall. The woman in the crimson dress who had suddenly appeared was facing Arakiya head-on.

He knew at a glance. ――That woman also belonged to the side of the “haves”, far removed from normal people.

Natsumi, having managed to survive what seemed to be a desperate situation, made Todd keenly aware of the fact that he also had something to offer. Something he “had”, that was different from combat power or luck.

Todd: [――――]

Before the red woman intervened, Arakiya alone would have been enough to make up the difference.

However, the situation had changed, and no resolution was in sight. Would the weight of Todd and Jamal be enough to tip the scales back in their direction?

Jamal: [Todd…!]

Todd: [Don’t move, Jamal. ――There’s nothing you can do right now.]

The odds were against them, and the longer Todd watched, the worse it got.

Todd knew Jamal’s anger was getting the better of him, but it would be a waste of time to act now.

After all――,

Todd: [Because, General First-Class Arakiya’s been defeated just now.]

The red woman’s blade had struck her in the back, and Arakiya had fallen helplessly to the ground.

The balance was broken, and it would never tilt the other way again.

△▼△▼△▼△

Todd: [――――]

Arakiya collapsed, and the situation in the City Hall came to its terminus.

This time, the Fortress City of Guaral had completely fallen into the hands of the enemy. There was no way to recover from this.

The Second Ranked of the Nine Divine Generals had just been defeated, and there was no way that other reinforcements would come rushing in.

The Nine Divine Generals were mighty warriors, the pinnacle of the Vollachian Empire’s military might.

The strength of each of the Nine Divine Generals was equivalent to a sizable army. There was no chance that the Empire would dispatch two or three actual large armies to deal with a single situation. This was the end.

The balance had been tipped. The only thing left to do was to find a way to deal with the withdrawal that would come next.

Todd: [What to do next?]

In the shadows of the building from which he had watched the developments at the City Hall, Todd pondered quietly.

In all honesty, he was seething with a mixture of anger and frustration, but letting it out would not solve anything.

Now that the reason for his return was gone, the smart thing to do would be to get the hell out of there.

However――,

Jamal: [Oi, Todd… you bastard, you’re not planning to run away, are you?]

The search for any words with which Jamal would be persuaded had been fruitless, the latter with a blue vein popping from his forehead.

Initially, convincing Jamal had been painstaking, even right after the fall, as of the moment the flag of the City Hall had been burned.

And yet, back then, it had been easy to guide Jamal’s emotions still.. Reluctant as he was, Todd had still managed to make him obey, and he had reluctantly put away his half-drawn swords.

However, this was not the case this time, where things had repeated themselves, where now he’d let Jamal draw his sheathed blades once again. Even if Todd told him to put away his blades and turn around quietly again, he would not listen.

In fact, depending on what was said next, he might turn the point of the blade he pulled out against Todd.

If that happened, there would be no reason to not kill Jamal. ――His future brother-in-law. Killing him would be the least favored path.

If he were not brought back safely as well, keeping the promise that had been made would not be possible.

Todd: [Let’s go with that.]

Jamal: [Aah?]

Todd: […I understand how you feel. But you need to calm down. Now that General First-Class Arakiya’s been defeated, there’s no chance for us to win even if we go in. Do you want to make your sister sad by dying in vain?]

Jamal: [――――]

An attempt to persuade him using the love of family as a shield.

As soon as he stared at his opponent, hoping that this would work, an arm quietly stretched out and grabbed him by the scruff of his shirt. Then, with a grunt, the one-eyed Jamal bared his fangs as he drew Todd toward his face.

Jamal: [Hey, if you think I’m gonna back off anytime you mention Katya, you’re definitely wrong.]

Todd: [I see… Too bad.]

Shaking his head loosely, Todd announced his disappointment rather sincerely.

If it made Jamal feel any better to get a couple of hits in on him, Todd would allow it, but it seemed Jamal possessed no intention of doing that, as he instead clicked his tongue and pushed Todd away.

There didn’t seem to be any need for him to be so direct with things, but there was no way to stop him.

As it was, Todd turned to face Jamal, and thought about climbing over the wall of the citadel on his own.

Fortunately, he had already grasped the geography of the city back when they were trying to find any secret paths. Though Arakiya had not achieved her goal, she too had managed to create some confusion. In fact, it would be easier to escape than before Arakiya’s arrival.

Apparently, Jamal would be making one more rampage to get himself noticed.

Todd: [Jamal, I’m sorry, but I’m leaving. I’ll say it again, but you probably won’t listen: you’ll die a dog’s death. Even if you go in there, you won’t be able to kill them all…]

Jamal: [You dumbass! I’m not gonna do something so worthless! I’m going to rescue General First-Class Arakiya.]

Todd: […What?]

He had expected meaningless sentimentality, however, the other had blurted out some unexpected words instead.

Todd stopped in his tracks and stared at Jamal’s face, from whom slurred out a “What?”,

Jamal: [Did you really think I was gonna charge in with the resolve to die?]

Todd: [Yes, I did. I thought you wanted to die like a dog.]

Jamal: [Cut the crap! I’m taking advantage of your clever thinking, but I’ve got a brain to think for myself too! I can tell the difference between what I can and can’t do.]

Jamal seriously surprised Todd with his unexpected statement.

There were some accomplishments to be seen in his wartime experience, but other than that, he was so direct and unsophisticated that Todd thought him to be a man unknowing of what thinking was supposed to be.

Jamal: [It can’t be helped if you’re a coward, I guess Katya wasn’t a good judge of character. I’m gonna rescue the General First-Class. She’s got a nice ass.]

Todd: [――Wait, I’m coming with you.]

Jamal: [Oh!? Don’t tell me, you’re not satisfied with Katya’s ass…?]

Todd: [I had no intention of going along with your suicidal mission, but if it isn’t one, then it becomes a different story.]

Not dealing with the disgraceful allegations, Todd sealed Jamal’s mouth with his palm. Forcing him to shut up, Todd assembled a schedule of actions that followed the change of plans in his mind.

It was not in Todd’s nature to do things in the spur of the moment in the first place. Sadly, however, the more time he spent with Jamal, the more experience he gained in the field of improvisation.

If Jamal was going to die an honourable death on his own to retake the City Hall, he would have left him alone. But if his goal was to retake Arakiya, that was a different story.

Todd: [――――]

The situation in City Hall was slowly clearing up.

The only things to watch out for were Natsumi and the red woman. It would be suicide to take action in their presence. However, it did not mean that their enemy had been able to resolve the situation unscathed either.

If they forgot to maintain vigilance, there would be an opportunity to take advantage of.

Jamal: [I’m gonna go in and make a scene. If we take advantage of that opportunity and rescue the General First-Class…]

Todd: [I was impressed earlier, but that’s all gone now… There are two people we need to be wary of. You must avoid doing anything around them. What, there’s no need to worry.]

Todd’s lips loosened as he looked at Jamal from the gap between his fingers, as he chided him for this barbaric distraction. He poked his white canine tooth with the tip of his tongue and smirked.

Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Arakiya being taken, even though she was dying.

If she was not dead, there was a way to get her out.

△▼△▼△▼△

――It was easy to sneak into the City Hall.

After all, it was where they had been headquartered, even if it had been for a short time.

Todd usually had a habit of grasping the geography and layout of any place he stopped by even once. He did not feel safe unless he had an idea of where to run or hide.

That was why, after the camp in the Buddheim Jungle had been burnt down and he entered Guaral, he visited every part of the city, including City Hall, and constructed a mental map.

He knew where to kill unnoticed, and where to hide to avoid detection.

No matter where and what kind of threats they would encounter, he always had a way to murder, and a way to escape.

Todd: [Five.]

As he snuck inside the City Hall, he crushed a few watchmen here and there.

Standing guard were not the Imperial Soldiers nor the People of Shudraq, rather, that task went to guards of the local government that had been conducting the security of the city. They had been called in as soldiers by the disturbing elements who had caused the city to fall―― Though no longer could the fence-sitters they’d used be called a fine “Rebel Army”.

Jamal: [I ain’t gonna show you any mercy at all.]

Jamal spat in annoyance as he snapped a sentinel’s neck backward in a two-handed grip.

Jamal was prouder of being an Imperial Soldier than of being Imperial Nobility. His anger towards the guards cooperating with the rebels that were fighting against the Empire was immeasurable.

They had been cooperating with the Imperial Soldiers before the fall of the city, so it was understandable that he would be angry at how quickly they had changed their tune.

Todd: [Well, that’s not a way of thinking I have.]

He only killed them because he had to, and if it were not required, he would not have done so.

They could not be blamed for switching sides so quickly if they were just following the stronger side to survive. Of course, they had to pay for their wrong decision with their life.

So, the pair made up of Jamal and himself proceeded to their destination while eliminating the guards in their path.

There was a prison in the basement of the City Hall, and it was customary for criminals awaiting trial by the City Mayor to be placed there. It was highly likely that Arakiya, having been taken prisoner, would likewise be held captive there.

Naturally, an iron cell was no better than a cage made of sugar against someone from the Nine Divine Generals, but even so, they could not just be giving all the hospitality of a guest room.

Todd might have done the same as well――,

Jamal: [――There she is, the General First-Class.]

In the underground space downstairs, several cells were placed on both sides of the hall. The lesser criminals were placed in order from the front, while the most dangerous ones were securely at the far end.

Naturally, the cell at the far end, where Arakiya was kept, was heavily guarded.

Unlike before, the person standing in front of it was not a guard, but a Shudraqian woman. She was a large woman with yellow-dyed hair, and he could tell with just a glance that she was very skilled.

In addition, due to the layout, it was impossible to reach Arakiya’s cell without being detected by the woman.

In other words――,

Jamal: [I guess that’s the end of our little sneaking around.]

Todd: […You, why do you look so happy?]

It was hard to understand Jamal’s happy attitude when an inevitable battle was imminent.

Todd’s desire was to avoid killing, and he did not want to fight if he could help it. If both were inevitable, he would choose the easier and less dangerous way.

Yet Jamal looked as if he enjoyed jumping into danger.

He was probably thinking that the more dangerous it was, the more blood he would shed, and the more loyalty he would show to the Empire.

Jamal: [It’s obvious, ain’t it? Fight like an Imperial Soldier and win the war! Only then can I be proud to say that I’m an Imperial Soldier.]

Todd: [――――]

Jamal: [Oi, what are you surprised about?]

Todd: [No, it was almost exactly what I thought it’d be.]

It was rare to find a person whose words and deeds were so consistent.

Jamal looked uncomfortable at Todd’s answer, but quickly shook his head. Then he traced his fingers through his stubble and snorted.

Jamal: [Ah. Well then, you’re the one who’s having second thoughts, ain’t you?]

Todd: [I can’t go along with a suicide mission. If it’s not that, I’ll think about it. So I’m not having second thoughts.]

Jamal: [You were trying to escape, but you didn’t.]

Todd: [I decided to bring back a souvenir while on the run. The plan hasn’t changed.]

Jamal: [You say this, and you say that… Hk.]

Jamal gritted his teeth angrily, his eye bloodshot.

With that look on his face, Todd detached his attention from him and focused on the target at hand.

The woman standing guard was thick, and her limbs were protected by a reasonable amount of flesh. Given a Shudraqian’s athletic ability, even Todd’s axe might not be able to dice even one of her limbs.

Inevitably, then, the sweet spot would be from the neck up.

There were options of smashing her head, decapitating her, or splitting her face, but――,

Jamal: [――This is where I come in, ain’t it?]

With that, Jamal foolishly stepped forward.

Todd wondered for a moment if he should call him off, but in the end he said nothing. In fact, the best move would be to push Jamal into action, get her attention, and then proceed from there.

It would save a lot of time and trouble, and if he was willing to do it, there was no need to discourage him.

Holly: [Mmmm, who are you~!? ]

Jamal: [Do I gotta answer that? You people have defiled the Sword Wolf of the Vollachian Empire. Don’t you dare think you’ve won in a battlefield I wasn’t in!]

Holly: [A strange guy’s here~ !]

Looking at Jamal, who had advanced into the hall, the Shudraqian woman held a large spear at her side. On the other hand, Jamal, who was facing her, drew his twin swords and danced with a maniacal smile on his face.

Jamal’d had his fair share of problems, but his abilities were renowned. At the very least, as long as his opponent was a single member of the Shudraq, he would not fall short.

Jamal: [Take this! And this! And this!]

Holly: […Hk! You’re a strong guy~! ]

The raging twin swords slashed toward the Shudraqian woman countless times while Jamal barked in a loud voice. The woman sidestepped them with her spear-handling, but she was on the defensive.

She must be someone with a certain level of skill, to keep an eye on Arakiya. However, it seemed she had not expected anyone to show up to retake their prisoner as soon as she was placed in confinement.

Additionally, the lack of reliable troops was also a critical flaw for the rebels.

Todd: [Nevertheless, they’re not useful assets at the moment.]

Moistening his lips with his tongue, Todd leapt out from behind Jamal and jumped straight toward the cell, passing by the two of them as they fiercely clashed weapons, sparks flying.

Holly: [Ah! His comrade … Kya!]

Jamal: [Do you have time to look around? Ah!]

With the assistance of an unusually witty Jamal, Todd slammed his axe into the lock of the cell with all his might.

There was no time to look for the key. He could not destroy the cell, but he could at least break the lock.

There was a dull sound and a stiff response, as the tip of the axe cracked loudly. But instead, the lock of the cell broke with a flourish, and Todd jumped in past the creaking door.

Todd: [General First-Class Arakiya!]

Inside the cell, a girl lay face down upon a simple bed.

Even if they belonged to the same Imperial Army, a mere Soldier would not have many opportunities to meet a General. Even a General Third-Class was a commander of an army. A General Second-Class, let alone a General First-Class, would be something from above the clouds.

Therefore, this was the first time that Todd had seen one of the Generals First-Class, one of the Nine Divine Generals, up close.

Arakiya: [――――]

The reason why the unconscious Arakiya was lying on her face, was because of the slash she had sustained on her back, covered with a painful scar which had been scorched shut on top of that.

The wound had been cauterized at the same time it had been received, becoming a horrible scar. ――If she had not been injured by a scorching blade, she would not have gotten this kind of wound.

Todd: [That red woman, what’d she…?]

That woman was no ordinary person, and the power of that ornate sword she held was also extraordinary.

There were no further details, and Arakiya did not answer when called. So Todd had no choice but to pick up Arakiya’s body, then running straight out of the cell.

Todd: [I got her! Jamal, let’s go!]

Holly: [I’m not going to let you … Ouch!]

Jamal: [That’s why! Looking away again! Don’t you dare! Neeeee―― Hk!]

The Shudraqian woman’s mind was momentarily distracted as Arakiya was taken away.

In a moment, Jamal jumped at the woman like a flash with his twin swords. She immediately held her large spear vertically to prevent it, but the impact ripped the spear from the woman’s grasp, and Jamal’s backward kick pierced her unguarded torso as he sprung up.

The woman let out a small scream as her body slammed into the wall of the prison; her head hit the ground with force, and she fell motionlessly limp.

Looking over at her, Todd was about to order Jamal to finish her, but――,

Todd: [――Hey, there’s a commotion upstairs. Did they find the body of the guard?]

Jamal: [Tch, we can’t stay around. The General First-Class is…]

Todd: [She’s unconscious, but not dead. That should be enough.]

Answering Jamal’s question in a straightforward manner, Todd ran out of the dungeon. Jamal, who was ahead of him, was in charge of clearing the way for Todd, who easily overtook him.

???: [Who in the world… Guah!]

Jamal: [Outta the way, you dimwitted bastards!]

The guard who looked into the basement was blown away by a slash, and Todd ran through the City Hall behind Jamal as they became increasingly alert.

Unfortunately, he did not have the leisure of caring for Arakiya’s body as he carried her. If she was one of the Nine Divine Generals, her body would probably be strong enough. He just had to trust his endurance and run.

Jamal: [We’re outside! Where are we going?]

Todd: [Main gate’s closed. ――Follow me.]

Stitching their way through the dark and tumultuous night of the city, Todd jumped into the back alleys with Jamal. He made full use of the narrow streets and side roads to mislead the enemies tracking their whereabouts.

The battle had just ended, the chaos was still raging, and there were at least three-hundred identically-dressed Imperial Soldiers in the city. It would be difficult to tell them apart.

All that was left was――,

Todd: [――Hk!]

The moment he heard the sound of wind, a blade swung right behind Todd.

He turned around, and there stuck just right below his feet was a single, thick, large arrow. Someone had cut it down. It had been aimed at Todd, carrying insane momentum, and Jamal had been the one to swiftly deal with it.

That had been a precise shot, aimed at the two who were running and hiding in the city.

It was, beyond the shadow of doubt, the same archer who had shot Todd in the torso a few days prior.

――They were being observed.

If that were the case, they could not move carelessly.

If they left the alley, that would make them an easy target, and Todd, with Arakiya in tow, would have difficulty moving with agility. Even if they tried to kill the archer, the enemy was located at the City Hall―― and there would be no option but to return there for the third time.

So, should they abandon Arakiya and flee? That would be the way most likely to save themselves, but if that was the case, they would not know what they were risking their lives for to begin with.

In light of the current situation, he searched for an optimal way to take action, and the one that would yield the most results was――,

Todd: [――Jamal, you know we’re being targeted.]

Jamal: [Yeah, they’re a pain in the ass. They’re too far away for me to kill them, but if we don’t, they’ll just shoot at us one way or another. What should we do?]

Todd: […Then, there’s only one way.]

Jamal narrowed his single eye at Todd’s words.

To Jamal’s gaze that sought a solution, Todd exhaled deeply and closed one eye,

Todd: [As soon as we jump out, the enemy’s going to shoot at us. I’ll have you get ahead of me and cut off their arrows just like before. Not just one shot, but two or three will follow. I’ll run as fast as I can so I don’t shake the General First-Class off.]

Jamal: [Huh, that doesn’t sound like you. That’s really your move? Smells of desperation, no?]

Todd: [Ultimately, that’s what happens when you run out of cards. But I’m still lucky, aren’t I?]

Jamal: [Huh? What do you mean?]

Todd: [You got a pretty strong hand left, you know.]

The strategy he presented was almost entirely based on Jamal’s swordsmanship.

If Jamal were incapable of cutting off the flying arrows, they would both perish. It was insane, given Todd’s beliefs, to risk his life in such a reckless manner.

However, that was his suggestion. With Jamal’s swordsmanship, the odds were not null.

Jamal: […I knew Katya wasn’t a good judge of character. I thought you were smarter than that.]

Todd: [Don’t talk bad about my fiancée, onii-sama.]

Todd replied to Jamal scratching his head, his cheeks twisted. Hearing this, Jamal let out a short “Haa”, and then gripped the hilts of his twin swords once again.

Then, turning his imposing back to Todd.

Jamal: [Aight, I’m in. Sometimes a stupid bet ain’t so bad.]

Todd: [If I wasn’t here, you’d probably be making all those types of bets.]

Jamal: [Shut the hell up. ――Shut up and stay behind my back.]

Jamal’s spirits quietly rose as they exchanged hateful words.

Watching his back, Todd tightened his hold on Arakiya’s body.

Todd: [Jamal, when you get out of the alley, run straight. After that, when you get to the end, take the right road. That should give you enough time to catch your breath.]

Hearing these instructions, Jamal pondered on them in his head, slowly closed his eye, then re-opened it as he stepped forward.

Jamal: [――Hk.]

As soon as he stepped out of the alley, a single arrow, clad in a gale, pierced toward Jamal.

Jamal responded to it with amazing reflexes, and cut it off with a clash of his twin swords. The impact bounced onto Jamal’s wrist, and his clenched teeth chattered as he laughed like a rabid dog.

The sensation of blood burning, heart leaping, and life boiling, overtook Jamal.

His extreme concentration made the world retard, and he felt as if he could feel every drop of sweat that ran down his skin, every grain of sand that flew around, and even the existence of air that should have been invisible.

Jamal: [――Hahaa!]

One after another, a storm of arrows poured down like a deluge.

Stepping on the ground, swinging his sword as if dancing, slicing the arrows and striking them down. What ensued was a sword dance, the sword dance of Jamal Aurélie.

If things had gone well, they would have been able to enjoy the dance of the dancer who had been invited to the City Hall, the following day.

Jamal laughed at the thought that it had been ruined, and that he was the one dancing instead. But it was a dance with all his heart, a dance with all his body, a sword fight with all his energy.

Todd likewise marveled at Jamal’s efforts as he furiously handled the attack.

Todd followed without raising his voice, as a storm of lethal arrows rained down on him. This was a sign that he knew that if Jamal were distracted, it would directly lead to his death.

So Todd pushed Jamal away from his consciousness and focused all his energy on avoiding the impending “death”.

Straight ahead, evade, strike off, step in, jump, dispel, and cut open.

Jamal: [End of the corr―― Hk.]

Miraculously, they had finished the straight path of death and hit the end of the indicated path.

The passage of time was vague, and the sword dance must have only lasted several seconds, even if it felt like it had persisted for hours. However, they had only broken through the first barrier. Refusing to relax, Jamal did as he was told and turned right at the end of the road, where――,

――At the end of the broken path, there stood a group of Shudraqians, their spears trained on them.

Jamal: [――Fuck.]

It would be difficult to handle that many Shudraqians with that archer aiming at them. One could say it was impossible.

He was prepared to fight hard until he ran out of steam, but even if he did, he could not set any of it in reserve. He had no idea that he would be so perfectly anticipated, and it seemed that luck had completely abandoned him.

Jamal: [Even if you strut around being all sorts of a smartass, in the end, luck’ll run out on you, huh… Heh, it’s in vain. But, it wasn’t all that bad.]

Checking the feel of the twin swords in his bloodied hands, Jamal spilled this out to Todd behind him.

It wasn’t bad at all, he had said, and he meant it.

In many ways, Todd’s thoughts and actions had been overwhelming and frustrating.

In the end, however, he chose to exert himself like an Imperial Soldier.

Jamal: [I’m sorry about Katya, but it can’t be helped. She’s part of Imperial Nobility as well. I’m sure she was prepared for this to happen to you and me.]

Thinking of the sister he had left behind in the Imperial Capital, Jamal felt a faint tingle in his chest. However, it was soon drowned out by the will to fight the enemy in front of him, and the smell of blood that coated everything.

He was relieved for that. ――He was, to the bone, a Sword Wolf of the Vollachian Empire.

Jamal: [Let’s do this, Todd. Let’s at least show them what we’re made of, for one last time.]

Leaning forward, Jamal licked the blood flowing from his eyepatch-covered right eye.

Then, fiercely, he jumped headlong into the enemy, as to display his final prestige as an Imperial Soldier.

Deadly attacks rained down on him like a storm, but he no longer held any regrets.

The fact that he had been able to be himself till the very end, had been the greatest prize for Jamal.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: […You were an idiot until the very end, weren’t you?]

Hearing Jamal’s fierce roar in the distance, Todd muttered so as he dove through the wall.

The hole he had passed through was collapsed immediately afterwards, and he carefully erased all traces of his presence, so that he could not be pursued. They in the city would probably be occupied with Jamal for a while, so there should be time to escape.

It was just like Jamal had stated.

Todd would never entrust his life to a desperate plan, even if he were dead. ――No, he would never do such a thing, precisely to avoid dying.

Todd: [If I let them chase you out of the alley, they’ll be distracted. Well, I feel sorry for Katya…]

The promise to bring back his brother-in-law would go unfulfilled, and his fiancée would be terribly heartbroken.

In order to comfort her, he wished to return to the Imperial Capital as soon as possible. Fortunately, in return for losing Jamal, he had been able to find another way to return to the Imperial Capital.

It was a wildcard that could lead to a much bigger foothold than Jamal’s current one, which was that he had been on the verge of promotion to General Third-Class.

Arakiya: […Princess.]

Todd: [Oh dear, you look so innocent. Even so, if you’re one of the Nine Divine Generals, then the number of people you’ve killed would be more than a hundred or two.]

In Todd’s arms, Arakiya’s tears flowed from her closed eye. As he watched the tears roll down her cheeks, the vague thought that his current companion was wearing an eye patch, just like his previous one, passed Todd’s mind.

After thinking about it, Todd suddenly inclined his head.

And――,

Todd: [On which side did Jamal have that eyepatch…?]

--- Chapter 28: Victory Conditions ---

▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The news that the captured Arakiya had been taken sent a tremor through the conference hall.

Kuna: [What a disgrace . Even Holly’s bow couldn’t catch up to him , they got away .]

Holly: [ Right~ ]

The two people who hung their heads and apologized were Holly, who held a bow in her hand, and Kuna.

With Holly, the bearer of bad news, alongside her, Kuna had immediately gone up to the top floor to chase after the runaway, Arakiya. Then, using a combination of Holly’s arm strength and Kuna’s eyesight, they had fired at the fugitives, just as they had done with Todd when Subaru and the others had originally escaped Guaral.

However, the fugitives had been able to deal with the two-man long-range snipe, and successfully outmaneuvered the both of them, taking Arakiya away.

Kuna: [One of them stayed behind as a decoy , and the other one took the Divine General. We can’t let it end like this , we have to go after them …]

??? and ???: [――It is pointless.]

The frustrated Kuna, her nose wrinkled in regret, had her words interrupted by two voices.

The same exact words were uttered simultaneously by both Abel and Priscilla, sitting motionlessly at the roundtable. The two glanced at each other, and Priscilla closed her eyes.

It was a sign that she wanted to hand it over to Abel.

Abel: […It was a way to get behind our lines with a small number of people, achieve a singular goal, and escape. The two had their roles clearly defined in case they got split up. Their courage in deciding to do it, and the judgment to escape, are worthy of appraisal. They shall not be caught even if someone is sent to chase them.]

Kuna: [――Hk, but even so …]

Abel: [In less than half a day, Arakiya shall wake up. If that happens, any pursuers we send her way will not pose a chance. And if they change their mind and return to the city, it shall also be futile. Let me tell you, we shall not have the same luck twice. At the very least, I would state that it would be quite reckless, to make a stand with our current forces.]

Kuna: [Guh… Hk.]

Holly: [Kuna… What Abel’s saying is right~ .]

By rattling off a string of words, Abel tried to discourage Kuna’s insistence. Holly, standing beside her, gently patted Kuna on the shoulder as if to offer some consolation.

Being a representative of the chieftain at the roundtable, and confident in her archery skills, Kuna must have felt bitterly disappointed. However, despite his harsh way of putting it, Subaru nodded in agreement with Abel’s argument.

The Imperial Soldiers who had invaded the prison would not have dared to challenge them without a chance of winning. They had set an objective that was achievable under their circumstances, found a way to beat the odds, and executed it. Naturally, they would not do anything half-hearted like a one-way trip, so they must have had an appropriate plan for escape.

Priscilla: [No matter how you spin it, that thing’s fate did not end here. With that as the case, I am sure it has a role to play still.]

Subaru: [Priscilla…]

Priscilla casually threw those words into the air upon the fall of silence.

For Subaru, who had been discussing the treatment of Arakiya just before, his feelings about her not being executed and having been taken away without being able to talk to her were complex.

But what did Priscilla, who had taken the stance of staying out of Arakiya’s life and death, think of her being taken? That could not be read from her crimson eyes.

Al: [So, in the end, what are we gonna do about that girl, Arakiya? Have you decided to leave her be?]

Subaru: […If she’s been taken away, there’s nothing else we can do.]

With a pained look on his face, Subaru responded to Al’s words, who was incapable of reading the mood.

Having managed to deal with Kuna’s and Holly’s sniping, they could not expect anyone with only half-decent skill to take pursuit of the fugitives. In that case, this limited who they could choose for the pursuit, and all of those with good skills  could not be permitted to be absent from Guaral at the moment.

Despite all his efforts to come up with a solution, Subaru’s strength lay in surprise attacks, which made him particularly ill-suited to occasions in which his opponent took the initiative. And this state of affairs made that clear.

Subaru: [By the way, I don’t think it’s likely, but what if they’re still hiding in the city, pretending to have escaped?]

Zikr: [I do not think so. Although the city is claimed to be solidly fortified, there are other secret paths besides the two large gates, but all of them have been meticulously closed off in the past few days.]

Subaru: [Meticulously…]

Zikr: [Yes. We were expecting you to use the secret passages to infiltrate the city. We certainly did not believe that you would attempt a reckless plan to break through from the front.]

He had been caught flat-footed, but Zikr responded calmly without a trace of displeasure.

As the commander-in-chief of the Fortress City, it was a matter of course to be wary of any secret pathways. However, the defensive stance taken under Zikr’s leadership lent a tailwind to the soldiers who had taken Arakiya and fled.

Zikr: [Perhaps the soldiers who took the General First-Class were part of the search party for the secret paths. As Abel-dono said, they are not amongst those who would take up a challenge without a prospect of victory. That being the case, I wonder if they were able to do it because they knew there was a way out.]

Subaru: [Isn’t it possible to find the location of the paths you eliminated on a map?]

Zikr: [――. It would be possible to make a map, but not right now. The city has fallen and the soldiers are very shaken. This chaos will not settle any time soon.]

Subaru: [… If only this were a game , it’d be that easy.]

Were this an act in a video game, once one got the commander of the defeated enemy to join their side, and the subordinate units would likewise ally themselves. However, reality was not a game. In a game, soldiers were represented by numbers, but each of them had a life of their own here.

After mulling it over for a while――,

Subaru: [Holly-san, are you injured?]

Holly: [Hm? Are you worried about me ~? Natsumi is so kind~.]

At Subaru’s inquiry, Holly threw her arms up while smiling broadly. She showed her large biceps to emphasize that she was alive and well.

Holly: [I’m a little banged up, but I’m not badly hurt, so I’ll be fine in no time~ .]

Subaru: [I see. I’m glad to hear that… But.]

When Subaru fumbled his words and dropped his gaze, Holly put a puzzled look on her face. Noticing Subaru’s inner thoughts, Kuna scratched her head with an “Ah.”

Then――,

Kuna: [Some of the guards we had standing inside the building have been killed . They were all dead , so we couldn’t do anything .]

Subaru: […Some? Tell me how many?]

Kuna: […Seven men .]

When asked the exact number of casualties, Kuna, even though hesitant, answered.

Seven. The number of casualties stabbed deeply into Subaru’s heart. ――On the top floor, Rem had been making a great deal of continuous effort to treat the Imperial Soldiers and Shudraqians who had gotten injured in Arakiya’s attack, and they had not received any reports of deaths. They had not received those, but――,

Subaru: […How’s this a bloodless siege?]

Brushing up his long black wig, Subaru let out a heartbreaking breath.

The bloodless siege, which he had undertaken with such vigor, and which he had said he would accomplish, was supposed to succeed in bringing about the fall of Guaral without loss of life. Yet instead, it had resulted in many deaths.

His promise had been broken; even if he were accused of being a liar, he would not be able to retort. Even if no one accused Subaru of lying, Subaru would condemn himself as one despite that.

Because he was the biggest liar here――,

???: [――A bloodless siege?]

Overhearing Subaru’s mutterings, a voice repeated to themselves as if reflecting on those words.

It was Priscilla, leaning on the round table, resting her cheek on her hand. In an unusual expression, she had slightly raised her well-shaped eyebrow and studied Subaru.

With that expression on her face, Priscilla prefaced her statement with a single word, “You”.

Priscilla: [I thought I heard a very foolish thing. Did you really believe that you could bring down an entire city without shedding blood? In the middle of this war, without an overwhelming military force?]

Subaru: […Yeah, that’s right, my bad. No, it was really my fault, wasn’t it? After all, at the end of the day, it was my mistake…]

Priscilla: [It was merely a stupid idea, that is what amazed me. I am astonished that you would even attempt to put that pipedream into practice. ――Abel, are you insane?]

Abel: [――. The plan itself was sheer madness to begin with.]

The question was directed at Abel, who crossed his arms and replied quietly.

Subaru’s proposed plan was pure madness. In fact, anyone that heard the outline would probably agree. And yet, Abel had gone along with it.

Priscilla, who was apparently acquainted with him, did not seem to understand it.

Priscilla: [Looking at the Empire from the throne made you that much more lax. There is no war without sacrifice. There is no pride without bloodshed. That is the way of the Empire, is it not?]

Abel: [I have no intention of disobeying the code of the Sword Wolf. I said it was madness, but the odds were in my favor. In fact, if it weren’t for Arakiya’s presence, the siege would have been bloodless.]

Priscilla: [――――]

Abel: [It was not the plan that went wrong. It was my judgment. Priscilla, I shall not allow even you to make a fool of my military strategist’s offering. It was my decision. The blame lies with me.]

Subaru: [Oh…]

Abel confronted Priscilla head-on with a statement that had been far too unexpected.

Abel’s words and actions were clearly in defense of Subaru, even though he had been appointed to the unheard-of role of military strategist. He could not interject between the dangerous standoff of the two.

Al: [What’s the matter, bro? He likes you an awful lot, looks like you’re getting a big promotion.]

Subaru: […My position as Emilia-tan’s knight and Beako’s guardian’s good enough for me. I don’t want to be given any more positions I’m not familiar with.]

Subaru pushed Al away from him, and also pushed away the responsibility that was pressing down on him.

However, thanks to Abel’s protection, Priscilla’s attention seemed to have turned in that direction. In spite of that, this did not heal the wound to Subaru’s internals.

The responsibility for the lives lost should be placed on Subaru, the one who had come up with and implemented the plan.

Al: [You can’t save them all, bro.]

Al muttered, fiddling with the metal fittings on his helmet, as he looked at Subaru’s profile. When Subaru glanced at him, he turned his gaze up towards the ceiling, and said,

Al: [You can’t save all the people you get involved with. No one’s stopping you from saving them, but your heart’s gonna be broken while doing so. I don’t recommend it.]

Subaru: [Al…]

Al: [We all live and die as we please. Like you said bro, it ain’t a game . It’s up to them to take care of their own lives.]

This was the cynical attitude that Al sometimes displayed.

On one hand he was giving a sermon to Subaru, on how tragic events happened and that he should accept them as-is, although there seemed to be good advice and counsel there. On the other hand, it also felt like the admonishment of an obstinate child.

It was a sound argument, to some degree.

In fact, Al’s words were right. Saving everyone and anything was not possible, and there would be no end to it if he did decide to save them all. That was why Subaru had never been able to save every last thing till this point.

The sheer scale of war was different. ――Could he really say that his choice was correct?

The number of lives that could be saved by a single action taken by Subaru did not even reach ten, much less a hundred.

Priscilla: [This is even worse than farcical, you know.]

While Subaru and Al were talking, Priscilla and Abel continued their standoff.

To Abel who took the blame, Priscilla pulled out a fan from her cleavage and pointed the tip of it at the conference hall―― No, at the entire city.

Priscilla: [Even in a situation in which you managed to successfully bring down the city with the help of your military strategist, you shall not be able to repeat the miracle of driving Arakiya away a second time. Will that method ever work again?]

Abel: [Indeed, there shall not be a second time.]

Abel nodded without hesitation in response to Priscilla’s question.

With the mention of the method that had driven away Arakiya, a thought also occurred to the frowning Subaru. ――There had been a moment during Al and Arakiya’s bout in which her behavior had become strange.

Subaru: [That wasn’t something that Al did…]

Al: [What? Yeah, it wasn’t me. In the first place, if it were me, I would’ve done it a little smarter. You know, I was the one who got bounced and thrown off.]

Subaru: [That’s right.]

Now that he mentioned it, it had not gone down very well, even with Al’s skills.

The conversation between the two drew the attention of the conference hall to Abel. Only he could tell what somehow happened, and so he sniffed, being annoyed with the gathering attention.

Abel: [Arakiya is the Spirit Eater. She feeds on the spirits in the air and absorbs their power.]

Subaru: [Spirit, Eater…?]

Subaru had no recollection of hearing it before, but the unsettling title made his eyes widen.

He had already guessed that the Vollachian Empire had different rules and a different environment compared to Kingdom of Lugunica, but the idea of a Spirit Eater was quite the novelty.

Subaru himself was a Spiritual Arts User who borrowed the power of spirits, but this sounded distinctly different, and to put it simply――,

Subaru: [I definitely don’t want to bring Beako into this… Is being a Spirit Eater a common thing?]

Priscilla: [No, it’s not. Spirit Eating was originally one of the secrets of the tribes that lived on the borderlands of Vollachia. But it was so powerful that the technique was banished, and the method to possess it lost.]

Abel: [At least, as far as I know, there are no known Spirit Eaters outside of Arakiya. If there had been, I would have politely protected them. That was the Observers’… No, it matters not, now.]

Not wanting the conversation to get off-topic, Abel shook his head, as he encouraged them to get back to the topic at hand with “Returning to the main topic”.

Subaru, who was relieved to hear that Spirit Eating was not a common practice, and that Beatrice was no longer in danger of being munched on, asked,

Subaru: [So how did you confuse the Spirit Eater, Arakiya?]

Abel: [I did not confound her. ――I just gave her Mana poisoning.]

Al: [Mana poisoning… Haha, I see. That’s a very clever thing to do.]

Abel’s answer made sense, and Al nodded admiringly as he stroked his chin.

Subaru had heard of the term “Mana poisoning” before, and then it clicked.

Subaru: [As I recall, it was something like, people who are hypersensitive to Mana tend to get sick when they go to places where the concentration of Mana is really high.]

Priscilla: [Arakiya is susceptible to that kind of influence, due to her Spirit Eater characteristic. It is a prerequisite to have a reasonable level of resistance to spirits, in order to take them in. However, if you go beyond that principle and try to make Arakiya sick off Mana, you shall end up with…]

Abel: [Yes, she made me utilize one of my treasures. Including that which he has already used before, I hold nothing else on hand.]

Whilst saying “that”, Abel nodded towards and indicated Subaru. That made Subaru go “Treasure?”, and he tilted his head to the side whilst raising his eyebrows.

Even though Abel had stated that Subaru had used one of his treasures, he honestly had no clue at all as to what he meant.

Subaru: [What treasure are you talking about? When did I get your…?]

Abel: [During the Lifeblood Ritual, you broke the ring to cleave the Witchbeast’s horn off. That’s the one.]

Subaru: [Ah…]

He’d lost track of it, but it brought back memories of a ring he had borrowed, which allowed him to cast magic.

In the throes of battle, he had no choice but to hit the Elgina’s horn with said ring, shattering it and snapping the Witchbeast’s horn, leaving Subaru’s arm and the ring in shambles.

And something else that was mentioned in the same breath, was what Abel had made use of in the fight with Arakiya?

Abel: [As I dropped from the balcony, I shattered the ring I had hidden. It took a while for the Mana it contained to flood the area around it, but…]

Al: [So that Arakiya girl was like that because she got Mana poisoning. Oh come on, I got my ass kicked by that girl.]

Subaru: [Did you pull that little trick at that moment…?]

Even though they were all in a battered and wounded state, Subaru tipped his hat off to Abel’s unwillingness to give up. That he was still searching for a way to win even though he was being cornered by the second-strongest ranking General in the Empire was admirable.

Subaru’s resilience was quite good, but his intelligence was so far removed from Abel’s that he could not get over the difference between a bad move and a desperate counterattack.

In any case――,

Subaru: [Isn’t this an original plan prepared specifically for Arakiya? It’s very bold of you to prepare such a plan when you didn’t know she would be going against you.]

Abel: [The more people one keeps close, the more one must prepare for the time of their betrayal… Arakiya in particular, I never knew when Arakiya would turn against me.]

Priscilla: [――However, you only get one chance to use your wiles. It is not easy to procure enough Magic Stones to give a person Mana poisoning. It shall be essential to secure a decent fighting force before the next time around. But.]

Having declared that much, Priscilla cut off her words meaningfully.

Covering her mouth with her fan, Priscilla narrowed her crimson eyes at Abel. With a somewhat probing, testing look in her eyes, she let out a small breath and,

Priscilla: [Adding the People of Shudraq to your ranks was expected… However, it is difficult to see how you could be foolish enough to adopt a naive military strategist’s plan for a bloodless siege of the Fortress City.]

Abel: [――――]

Priscilla: [At this rate, I shall never be able to advise my collaborators to support you.]

Subaru: [Collaborators!?]

Subaru was astonished by Priscilla, who had said it in a matter-of-fact and natural way. It was not just Subaru who was surprised, but everyone in the conference hall except Abel and Al.

Aside from Priscilla’s companion, Al, it seemed unreasonable that Abel was also not surprised, but Subaru opted to not mention it.

Subaru: [Wait, wait, wait, this is going all over the place! Collaborators… In the first place, I don’t understand your position. I heard that you came to help Abel, but…]

Priscilla: [I am not here to lend aid. Do not listen seriously to the ramblings of my clown.]

Subaru: [I get it! I don’t care if you’ve come to help Abel or not. That’s not the point. What I want to hear, is your ultimate goal.]

As they heard, the immediate subgoal was to have some dialogue with Abel.

However, what Subaru desired to know was why Priscilla―― why her, Al, and possibly the other collaborators they had brought alongside them, were in the Vollachian Empire to begin with.

On top of that, it would be best if he knew whether they were willing to side with Abel or not.

Subaru: [Answer me. Honestly, I and everyone else here aren’t sure what to think of you.]

Priscilla: [That is hubris at its finest. I do not care what you plebeians think of me. I shall do what I wish to do. After all…]

Subaru: [――The world is made to suit you, isn’t it?]

Priscilla gave a snort at Subaru’s tracing of her philosophy, which was familiar to his ears. Then, noticing the increased number and sharpness of the glances directed at her, Priscilla shut one eye.

Priscilla: [Mine aim, is to restore the Emperor to the throne he was ousted from. If I do not, I shall be receiving a constant stream of annoying visitors.]

Abel: [It goes without mentioning that those assassins were not dispatched by me.]

Priscilla: [I did not even suspect it. Henceforth, I took the trouble to arrive here. Or, it would be more accurate to say that I had my wings carry me.]

With one eye closed, Priscilla answered Abel and turned her gaze upward. Without the ceiling present, what could be observed was the night sky beyond.

More to the point, it was not just the sky, but an existence that made the sky its own――,

Subaru: [No way, did you and Al just fly in from the sky?]

Al: [Oh, it’s like a flying dragon express service. To be honest, I thought it’d be the end of the world when the Princess jumped off by herself. I certainly couldn’t follow, so I couldn’t get down until it lowered itself a bit.]

Subaru: [A flying dragon… The water dragons in Pristella scared the hell out of me.]

In addition to the water dragon, which was a fantasy creature aside than the ground dragon, the existence of flying dragons surfaced.

From what he had heard, flying dragons were extremely ferocious and required specialized skills to be tamed. Since there tamers capable of that were not numerous, being able to ride a flying dragon in the first place was a rare thing.

Subaru: [In other words, the person who can provide a flying dragon express delivery is a collaborator of Priscilla’s?]

Priscilla: [Do not perform lowly deeds such as picking apart people’s words. In your case, your lowliness outweighs your cleverness. Polish up your pretty face. You are still capable of looking good if you fix your makeup.]

Subaru: [If I fix my makeup now I’d definitely be a crazy person, right…?]

Now that she mentioned it, the fact that he had not been able to shed his womanly attire thus far might be regarded as a problem, but the people present here could read the atmosphere, so they did not touch the issue.

Anyway, he was getting way off track again, however――,

Subaru: [If the goal is to get Abel back on the throne, does that mean we can cooperate with each other?]

Priscilla: [In truth, I cannot give you a straightforward assent. ――I have not forgotten my earlier words. If he does not possess the qualities of an Emperor, there will be no point in bringing him back.]

Abel: [――――]

Abel glared at Priscilla, his gaze sharpened as he was questioned about his own qualities as an Emperor to his face.

What Priscilla saw as a concern, was the Bloodless Siege proposed by Subaru and approved by Abel―― not so much the failure to carry it out, but rather the problem of the idea to begin with.

As per the way of Vollachia, naïveté could be fatal. In fact, lives had been lost because Subaru’s endgame had been naive. Her disapproval was irrefutable.

However――,

Abel: [I shall reclaim the throne. No matter what anyone says, that much is certain. ――Priscilla, no matter what you may state, that much remains indisputable.]

With Subaru having fallen silent, Abel took his place and made a strong declaration.

It was the same, or perhaps an even more passionate declaration than the one he had made upon revealing his true identity and divulging that he would take back this country in front of Subaru.

Priscilla: [――――]

Hearing Abel’s resolve, the expressions on the faces of those in the conference hall shifted.

Kuna and Holly had the will to continue fighting as the People of Shudraq, while Zikr bowed his head as if he were in the presence of something divine. Al turned to Priscilla to see her reaction, while Priscilla’s eyes narrowed as she continued to assert herself, undaunted.

Priscilla: [Your spirit is undiminished, but reality is not. In fact, you have been forced to abandon your throne.]

Abel: [――――]

Priscilla: [The circumstances are already apparent. The question is, who set it in motion? Whose plan was it?]

Abel: [――I am certain it was Prime Minister Berstetz who brought it all to fruition.]

Abel answered Priscilla’s question with a hint of hostility in his dark eyes.

The Prime Minister’s position was at the top of the state government, as it was closely associated with the Emperor. If the pinnacle of the armed forces were a general or the head of a knightly order, then the Prime Minister may be said to be the pinnacle of civil services.

In any case, it could be said that being second-in-command made it easy to carry out betrayal.

Priscilla: [That old tree. How dare he waste what he got from Lamia?]

Abel: [Of course, I had foreseen his rebellious intentions and prepared accordingly. But…]

Abel broke off there and exhaled quietly.

It was a reaction that was very much unlike him, the first time he had displayed anything close to fragility. As Emperor, he had never wavered, even when forced to leave his position, but this was the first time he had shown a faint weakness.

The cause of this weakness was not the Prime Minister’s betrayal――,

Abel: [With Chisha Gold watching over me… I was unable to see through the rebellious intentions of the Nine Divine Generals’ Fourth Rank.]

Zikr: [――Ridiculous, General First-Class Chisha!?]

As Abel spat out his ashamed thoughts, Zikr was incapable of containing himself and raised his voice.

Zikr, as a General Second-Class of the Empire, must have been familiar with the name of this particular member of the Nine Divine Generals, a name that Subaru was not. Attracting the gaze of those at the roundtable, Zikr stroked his ample hair and spoke――,

Zikr: [General First-Class Chisha is unique among the Nine Divine Generals, in terms of his capability. The General First-Class himself is more famous for his wisdom than his military prowess, and he was the one who supported His Excellency Vincent the most during the Imperial Selection Ceremony…]

Subaru: [Does that mean he was his right-hand man? You mean this guy was betrayed not only by his political right-hand man, the Prime Minister, but his long-time right-hand man, the General, too?]

Abel: [Do not utter those words again. My right arm is still attached to my right shoulder.]

Subaru: [When you say that now, it just sounds like you’re just trying to be tough…]

Listening to Zikr’s explanation, Subaru was surprised by Abel’s popularity, which was unexpectedly lacking.

However, keeping the Vollachian Empire’s radical ideology in mind, an Emperor who was deemed insufficiently powerful would immediately be rebelled against, so perhaps these situations were not all that rare.

Subaru: [Is it common for Emperors to run for cover in this country?]

Abel: [Since I have been on the throne, there have only been two times in which I was pursued, at least formally.]

Subaru: [But you’ve got a record!]

Abel: [Nonsense. It was the Kingdom’s Royal Guard who dragged me around in that previous venture. If you want to complain, you can take it up with them.]

He gave Subaru a seriously disappointed look, he took the hint and held his tongue.

He thought that Julius had once mentioned that he had gone to the Empire as an emissary, but he had not thought it had anything to do with that. If so, the world was too small.

Al: [Ah, so His Excellency the Emperor was chased from the throne by his confidants and aides, and Lil’ Miss Arakiya’s become an enemy as well… Doesn’t that sound dangerous? Don’t you have an ally or something?]

Abel: [Another one of the Nine Divine Generals, Goz Ralfon… He was instrumental in my escape. Were it not for him stalling for time, I would not have been able to activate the transfer mechanism.]

Zikr: [Oh, as expected of General First-Class Goz…!]

Abel: [However, if the Nine Divine Generals, other than Chisha and Arakiya, have too turned against me, I do not know how Goz alone could have survived. It is far more likely that he was killed.]

The existence of any Divine General who had risked their lives to protect Abel was a hope, albeit a very fleeting one. However, Zikr with a “No” shook his head,

Zikr: [If I may be so bold, I have not received any news of the death of General First-Class Goz. Whether he perished in battle or from illness, the death of a man of General First-Class Goz’s status cannot be hidden for long.]

Abel: [Then there remains the possibility that he is being held captive.]

Zikr: [Perhaps. No, surely! For a warrior of the calibre of General First-Class Goz, that is likely the case!]

At Abel’s words, Zikr bowed reverently.

If he had earned this kind of respect from Zikr, then this Goz must be a very reliable man. Or maybe a woman, contrary to the stern name.

Priscilla: [――With the Prime Minister and the Nine Divine Generals as foes, the Empire is very much a place of certain death.]

Priscilla, who had finished listening to the conversation before interjecting uselessly, muttered that. In agreement with her words, Subaru raised his hand, and,

Subaru: [Hey. I know it’s a tad late, but what if Abel comes forward as the Emperor? That way, the people who’re quietly running the government in the Imperial Capital can be branded as rebels and traitors…]

Al: [Unfortunately, it’s impossible to expect an angry populace and soldiers to kill the administration’s coup-d’état before the battle even starts, bro.]

Subaru: [I wasn’t thinking something that crazy, but why not?]

Abel: [――Because this is the Vollachian Empire, where the powerful are respected.]

Subaru’s suggestion was rejected, and Al’s words were supplemented by Abel’s.

The Emperor, removed from his throne, folded his arms, his shapely eyebrows slightly furrowed.

Abel: [If I come forward and announce my intention to reclaim the Imperial Capital myself, I would be welcomed. But that does signify that they shall support me. What was taken from you, you must take back yourself. That is how it is.]

Subaru: [Not only goods and lands, but also the Emperor’s throne…]

Abel: [There are no exceptions… Therefore, I know what must be done.]

Subaru, who was attempting to wrap his head around the situation, was surprised by Abel’s words.

Just when he thought he was at a loss, Abel’s answer was rather the opposite. He stood up and slowly put his hands on the roundtable.

And――,

Abel: [General Second-Class Zikr, the map.]

Zikr: [Yes! Right away!]

When told to do so, Zikr sent instructions to the Imperial Soldiers waiting in the corner of the room. They immediately peeled off the map hanging on the wall of the conference hall, and moved to spread it out atop the roundtable.

It was a world map showing, well, the entire world, including Vollachia.

Abel: [Here we are, in the east, at the Fortress City of Guaral. And the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, which must be reclaimed, is roughly in the center of the Empire.]

Subaru: […Vollachia’s pretty big.]

The map showed Subaru the size of the country, which he had not been aware of till now. The Vollachian Empire, which occupied the southern portion of the world map, was the largest when compared to the other countries.

The Buddheim Jungle, which had posed so much trouble for Subaru and the others to get through, was merely a small geographic area from the perspective of the whole of Vollachia.

Abel: [Each city in the Empire is controlled by its own Mayor or Lord. As is the case with Guaral, each of these cities possesses its own autonomous military force and shall not hesitate to fight in case of an emergency. ――We shall add these to our forces and secure the strength required to retake the Imperial Capital.]

Subaru: […I get this is a pattern of kingship in a conquering simulation .]

Abel: [You seem to be displeased.]

Subaru: [Of course. It was an enormous undertaking just for Guaral. I don’t think it’s going to keep working out this way.]

Pointing to the map, Subaru had managed to keep up with Abel as he explained. He could manage to keep up with him, but this was a matter of logic, not emotion.

As stated earlier, this was not a game. There was no way that a method that held water when it came to simulation RPGs and things of the sort would be easily applied in actual reality.

Abel’s opinion seemed to be quite optimistic.

Nevertheless――,

Abel: [There is a way to dispel your concerns. Rather, there are essential conditions that must be met in order to do what I must.]

Subaru: [Essential conditions…]

Abel: [――By securing Divine Generals.]

Upon hearing that reply, Subaru’s eyes went wide.

That was natural. After all, Abel had just told them that he had been expelled from throne because of the Nine Divine Generals’ treachery.

Those of the Nine Divine Generals that favored him were unaccounted for, and the two members of the Nine Divine Generals they were aware of, were already enemies.

As for the others――,

Subaru: [What about the other Divine Generals…?]

Abel: [There.]

Abel pointed a finger at the sudden question and nodded at Subaru’s agitation. Then, he surveyed the faces of everyone except Subaru,

Abel: [The people of the Empire must be strong. The Nine Divine Generals are the incarnation of this rule. In other words, if one wishes to be the supreme ruler of the Vollachian Empire, you must unite the Nine Divine Generals.]

Subaru: [So, in other words…]

After Abel’s words, Subaru’s eyes widened as he realized what was to follow. Abel’s cheeks twisted at Subaru’s reaction, as he smiled belligerently.

And then――,

Abel: [――The Blue Lightning, Cecilus Segmunt. The Spirit Eater, Arakiya. The Vicious Old Man, Olbart Dunkelkenn. The White Spider, Chisha Gold. The Lion Knight, Goz Ralfon. The Master of Curse Tools, Groovy Gumlet. The Flamboyant, Yorna Mishigure. The Steelman, Moguro Hagane. The Flying Dragon General, Madelyn Eschart.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [The winner of this battle shall be the one who recruits the most Divine Generals. That is the path toward triumph, and that is the absolute condition I must fulfill.]

--- Chapter 29: To Each Their Stance ---

▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Securing the Nine Divine Generals; that was the victory condition for reclaiming the Imperial throne.

With the condition for victory presented, along with the names and titles of those necessary, the Nine Divine Generals, Subaru could tell from experience that the air in the room had become tense.

Of course, the names of the Nine Divine Generals, which would be familiar to people in the Empire, were all novel to Subaru.

Subaru: […If this were a manga or an anime, it would have been an exciting development to see all the names of the Generals revealed at once.]

However, as this was something that was actually happening to him, the development was one he could not be openly pleased about.

As Abel mentioned the name and corresponding title of each of the Nine Divine Generals, Subaru could imagine how troublesome each one of them would be, with each of them sounding effective in how they were talked up.

As Arakiya’s nickname, Spirit Eater, corresponded with a special trait of hers, Subaru could imagine that the others’ aliases were somewhat related to their abilities or fighting methods.

Subaru: [The only ones whose names give me a clear image of their abilities would be the Master of Curse Tools and the Flying Dragon General?]

The two names he pointed out were probably both derived from the way they fought and the tools they used.

The other nicknames were probably inspired by their appearance or anecdotes of their exploits. In China’s Romance of the Three Kingdoms and the Water Margin both, characters would often take on aliases for such reasons. [1]

Come to think of it, one could say that those stories were also about taking a country. Unfortunately, Subaru was not very familiar with them, having only a cursory knowledge of their contents.

Subaru: [This is no time to be spacing out. Well, I’ve heard that securing the Nine Divine Generals is the condition for victory, but there are some things I want to ask you.]

Abel: [What. Is there any room for doubt?]

Abel raised one eyebrow and placed his hand on top of the map on the table as Subaru recovered from his initial shock.

If he thought that he had explained everything with that, he would be the ultimate example of a clever man short of words. Compared to the other people here―― Zikr and the others, not to mention the People of Shudraq, Subaru had far less information about the Vollachian Empire.

Subaru: [So there’s clearly room for me to doubt. If you keep skipping explanations because you yourself know what you’re talking about, the people around you won’t know what you’re thinking about exactly.]

Abel: [I shall take that as advice and ignore it. State your question.]

Subaru: [Keep that “ignoring” bit to yourself…]

Subaru sighed as Abel crossed his arms and responded arrogantly. Then, having resigned himself to the attention gathering around him, he said, “Ready?”, as he held up four fingers on one hand and five fingers on the other.

Subaru: [There are Nine Divine Generals, but thankfully that’s an odd number, so it’s easy to understand that it comes down to a battle of numbers. But the ones who favor us are unaccounted for, and, right now, Arakiya and this Chisha guy are most definitely enemies. We’re already way outnumbered.]

They supposedly needed to secure no less than five, but their enemy already held two of the Nine Divine Generals under them.

In addition, it was unclear whether the person who had aided Abel, Goz, was alive or dead. So there was a high chance that one of the cards they could play had been permanently removed from play.

Subaru: [The situation becomes bleaker by the minute. It’s good that the victory conditions clear, but is it actually realistic to persuade five of the Nine Divine Generals?]

Al: [Hey hey, bro, I think you’re still underestimating the Emperor too much. I said it earlier, but he’s already won the Imperial Selection Ceremony. They can’t just flat out refuse his request to talk. As long as they don’t turn him away at the front door…]

Priscilla: [――Then we shall get the opportunity to behead those who oppose us at the same time.]

Subaru: [We need to get them on our side!]

Al’s remarks, posing as an attempt to dissolve Subaru’s doubts, were incinerated by the extreme comment of his mistress, of all people. They were talking about how to get the Nine Divine Generals on their side, but devising a way to kill the Nine Divine Generals who would not be on their side would be putting carriage before the ground dragon.

Abel: [But the clown in the iron helmet there is correct. In fact, if I state I want to meet them, there would be no General who would refuse. The problem is what happens after we meet.]

Al: [Is the clown in the iron helmet me?]

Subaru: [There’s no one else with an iron helmet. If you have a problem with him treating you like a clown, you can start with a petition to Priscilla.]

After silencing Al’s teasing, Subaru returned to the topic at hand.

Subaru: [In the first place, I don’t understand the system of the Nine Divine Generals. I’ve always imagined them as nine Generals who report directly to the Emperor, but doesn’t that mean they’re all in the Imperial Capital?]

Priscilla: [Generals of the First-Class are the cornerstone of this nation. Consider how uselessly vast the Empire is. Even though the Imperial Capital lies in the center of the country, how can they move quickly in an emergency if they all sojourn in the Imperial Capital?]

Zikr: [Yes. Although it has been dramatically reduced during His Excellency’s reign, there is still no end to the fires of civil unrest that smolder in the Empire. Having a firm foothold in the Imperial Capital is not enough to guarantee the safeguarding of the Empire.]

Subaru: […In other words, the Nine Divine Generals in question are scattered all over, outside the Imperial Capital?]

As Priscilla and Zikr supplemented information, Subaru put his hand on his chin in understanding.

Following a familiar example, Roswaal had also been bestowed with the grandiose title of Margrave of the Western Lands in the Kingdom of Lugunica, and was obligated to act quickly in the Kingdom’s time of need.

Of course, he had the permission to set up a private army in his territory for that purpose. ――However, in Roswaal’s case, it seemed that his individual strength was greater than that a poorly-organized army.

Just by raining down fireballs while flying in the sky, he would be able to completely defeat most opponents.

Subaru: [When you think about it, that guy is also quite the cheat unit … I’m a little curious to see where he stands compared to the Nine Divine Generals.]

Kuna: [I don’t know , but I think we’re getting off track here , Natsumi.]

Subaru: [My bad. Anyway, I know now that the Nine Divine Generals are scattered across the country. If that’s the case, am I correct in understanding that not all of them were involved in the coup d’état in the Imperial Capital?]

Abel: [From what I have seen, and from a practical standpoint, I would say so.]

Abel nodded his head to Subaru in confirmation.

To be honest, Subaru was unsure about Abel’s assessment, as he had just been found to be quite unpopular, but the fact that no one around him had pointed it out suggested that it was something that could be accepted for the time being.

Anyway, the good news was, that not all the Nine Divine Generals had become enemies.

The victory condition that the more Nine Divine Generals they secured, the more likely they were to win this battle, made sense. Other than that, if there was one thing that Subaru had doubts about, it was――,

Subaru: [Sorry for asking so many questions, but I got an additional question. If the Nine Divine Generals are simply ordered by strength, then priority should be given to the ones of the highest rank, correct?]

Abel: [Yes, that perception is correct.]

Subaru: [Then the one strong enough to be on par with Reinhardt, is Cecilus, right? It’s common sense that we go for that person… wouldn’t he be enough?]

One among the four strongest human beings, those who had made a name for themselves in the Four Great Countries.

If Cecilus, who had been mentioned to be amongst these four, was a person considered to be on par with Reinhard, then it would be very much as if the outcome of the battle would be decided by that person alone.

In fact, that Reinhard could win even if he fought everyone in the Kingdom, was an extraordinary expectation and view that had sprouted in Subaru.

So, naturally, he held such sort of presupposition for Cecilus, who was Reinhard’s equal.

However――,

Abel: […It is true that if we secure that person, all the problems of our strength shall be solved in one move.]

Subaru: [If that’s the case, why do you look so bitter?]

Frowning, Abel’s expression was poor as he answered Subaru’s question.

While Subaru’s expectations did not appear seem to be far off, there was no improvement on his gloomy expression. Abel revealed the reason for this with a small exhale.

Abel: [The reason why securing the Nine Divine Generals is a condition for victory, is because Generals and Soldiers alike shall follow their military orders. The more Nine Divine Generals one possesses under their banner, the more troops shall join your forces. Do you understand?]

Subaru: [――? Yes, I understand. That’s why I’m saying we should aim to have the strongest guy on our side. Or is it that him being called the Empire’s strongest is not true?]

Abel: [No, there is no question that he is the strongest in the Empire. However, there is a problem.]

Subaru: [A problem?]

Abel: [――He is not very popular.]

Subaru stopped thinking for a while, due to the words that had been uttered in pent-up frustration.

The words he was told slowly penetrated his brain, as he wondered what the problem was. “Lack of popularity”, that information was digested correctly.

Subaru: [Should you be saying that?]

Abel: [It is factual. His rank is that of the First, amongst the Generals of the First-Class of the Empire, but he holds no authority. Even if I were to give him the power, he would be incapable of doing anything with it. The only thing he can do, is to cut people down.]

Subaru: [You can’t put someone like that in the position of army general!]

Al: [Easy, easy, calm down, bro! That’s just the way of the Empire, you know!]

With that criticism of Cecilus being spoken by Abel, Subaru was held back by Al. With his one arm around Subaru, Al tilted his head to look at Abel, and said,

Al: [Actually, you’ve given him nothing but the title of First. Maybe you should’ve tried giving him the authority he deserves for his position. Maybe he’s been taken advantage of by someone who was sweet-talking him, you know?]

Abel: [Of course, that person being utilised by anyone other than me is not within my wishes. If there were such a danger, I would have disposed of him earlier.]

Subaru: [But you were in the forest, alone and helpless…!]

Even if he said that he was holding the reins, if the actual circumstances differed, then he was just bragging.

In the first place, could the idea that the person labelled as the strongest in the Empire was unable to gather popularity in the Vollachian Empire, dedicated to this strength as it was, be taken seriously?

Subaru: [What about that part, Zikr-san!]

Zikr: [Me, huh?]

Subaru: [Eh, yeah. As a General of the Empire, I’d like to hear your honest opinion. What do you think of General First-Class Cecilus?]

Being probed for information, Zikr spoken “Right then,” and crossed his arms briefly in thought.

Then, nodding several times at the expectant gaze in Subaru’s eyes.

Zikr: [First of all, there is no doubt that Cecilus-dono is the cornerstone of our national defense and the symbol of the strength of the Vollachian Empire. “The people of the empire must be strong”, he is the embodiment of that way of life.]

Subaru: [Oh, that sounds good? So, what is it, then?]

Zikr: [As a person he is carefree, friendly, and has a sunny and pleasant demeanor towards anyone. Overall…]

Subaru: [Overall…?]

Zikr: [Many of the troops fear Cecilus-dono to be an incomprehensible monster and impossible to communicate with on a deeper level. I believe His Excellency is correct in his assessment.]

Subaru: [Your assessment has taken a sharp turn, hasn’t it!?]

Zikr, who had only painted the picture of a good person up to this point, chose his words quite carefully in his evaluation.

Some people would think that he was just trying to be considerate of Abel, the Emperor, but the wrinkles between his eyebrows showed that he was putting in a lot of effort, so he probably told the truth.

In other words――,

Priscilla: [It would be unacceptably reckless to even attempt to suppress the First of the Nine Divine Generals with the intent to tip the scales in a single swoop. I cannot comprehend how you would come up with a suitable idea , even if your head was not filled with foolish ruminations.]

Subaru: [Shut up! Don’t blame me for his lack of popularity! If the Emperor and the Generals aren’t popular, it’s no wonder a coup d’etat was called!]

Abel: [How many times are you going to repeat this? Do not think that your disrespect shall be overlooked forever.]

Receiving sharp glares from Priscilla and Abel respectively, Subaru stuck out his tongue at them.

However, it was true that his plan had been shattered with ease. If securing the Nine Divine Generals was equivalent to securing battle numbers, then securing those who were not popular possessed no merit whatsoever.

Subaru: [In fact, if they’re not popular can we leave them alone…?]

Abel: [That is also a problem. That person has the ability to change the course of the war all by his lonesome, depending on the situation. Even if we are capable of securing all of the remaining Divine Generals, there is a good chance that he alone could take my head.]

Subaru: [That’s a hard guy to handle! He’s an absurd hindrance, isn’t he?!]

Rushing to secure him was not warranted, but he was too dangerous of a bomb to leave unattended.

It was only now, in a foreign land far away from home, that Subaru realized how much of a good asset Reinhard was, whose ability and humanity were guaranteed.

Perhaps if he were called out loud enough, he would rush to the neighboring country?

Priscilla: [Let me tell you something, foolish commoner. If you are contemplating summoning the Sword Saint, he cannot cross borders because of the non-aggression-pact. It would be wise not to get your hopes up.]

Subaru: [Don’t read people’s minds. I’m not considering it for real… Relying on them only when I’m in trouble isn’t the proper way to treat a friend.]

If used for convenience, just because he could call upon him and have him rush to his side, it would not really be something he could call a friendship.

If the situation were to become really, really bad, he would not be able to say the same. However, till that moment arrived, Subaru was resolved to keep his morals intact.

Priscilla: [So? Foolish commoner being treated as Abel’s military strategist, have you run out of inquiries?]

Subaru: [I haven’t run out of questions yet, and first of all I’m not a military strategist…]

Subaru replied, frowning as Priscilla took a dig at his position. Then, just as he was about to move on to the next topic of the meeting ――,

???: [ ―― Miss Natsumi and Village Chief-kun! Excuse me!]

At the same time a cheerful voice resounded, the door was opened, and a new person appeared in the conference hall with vigor.

The one who had arrived was Flop, a beautiful man clad in blue, his long golden hair swaying briskly.

Flop was supposed to be tending to the injured on the upper floor where the damage of Arakiya’s rampage remained. While becoming the focus of all eyes in the room, he looked at Subaru and Abel, and nodded, saying “There you are”.

Flop’s figure was stained all over with blood, accentuating the horror of the makeshift field hospital.

But the fact that he showed up here meant that ――,

Subaru: [Flop-san, how’s everyone’s treatment?]

Flop: [We just wrapped things up for now! …Hmm? From the looks of it, you’re in the mood for Husband-kun instead of Miss Natsumi? If so, I’ll revert to calling you Husband-kun.]

Subaru: [Well, either is fine. But, yeah, things are getting wrapped up…]

While receiving Flop’s rather oblique words of consideration, Subaru reflected with simultaneous relief and anxiety, upon hearing that the healing process had come to a close.

The relief was simply because of the fact that the aid of the injured had finished. The anxiety was more for the fact that he would hear of the results from the healing mission.

The goal of the “bloodless siege” had already failed.

Seven guards had fallen victim in Arakiya’s extraction. The only question now, was whether any of the wounded would join them.

Flop: [There have been no deaths, Husband-kun.]

Subaru: [Eh…]

Flop: [It was a tough situation for all of us, though. But I think it was thanks to the efforts of Wife-san and Niece-chan. The promptness of Miss Taritta and Miss Utakata as well. Of course, my sister and I had to work hard, too!]

Having read his inner feelings from Subaru’s complexion, Flop gave him the answer first.

Flop boasted about his contributions while pointing at himself, looking rather manly. The answer he had given was concise, so Subaru needed only the time of a heartbeat to digest the information.

However, after his understanding deepened a heartbeat later, a great big sigh escaped him.

Subaru: [No deaths… Hk.]

Flop: [Yeah, it’s a sign that everyone did their best to stay alive. As for me, if it weren’t for my sister protecting me, I would’ve hit my head and died! Hahaha, I’m no match for my sister!]

Subaru: [Yeah, yeah, that’s true. I’m no match for Medium-san either…]

Flop laughed vivaciously while in front of him, whereas Subaru cast his eyes downward and shook his shoulders.

Without exaggeration, without jesting, he was completely of the same opinion. If Medium ―― or anyone else for that matter, were not present there, this report would never have been heard.

There were lives that had been lost. But there were also lives that had not been lost.

The emotions that brought to his heart were great ――,

Abel: [ ―― Merchant, what happened to that practitioner of the healing arts?]

Despite Subaru’s excitement, Abel forced himself into the conversation with an indifferent tone..

“Practitioner of the healing arts”, Subaru raised an eyebrow at the unfamiliar sound, and Flop put his finger to his lips. “Practitioner…”, he murmured as he gave it some consideration.

Flop: [Is that… You’re talking about Husband-kun’s Wife-san?]

Abel: [Who else is there? Did you believe there was anyone else in that place who could cast healing magic besides that girl?]

Flop: [No, I can’t think of anyone else! Just…]

Abel: [Just?]

Flop: [I think you should try to say things in a way that makes people like you better, Village Chief-kun. Even when you call out to them, things’ll go much more smoothly if you’re conscious of being friendly!]

Abel raised one eyebrow in response to the incredibly direct cheerful protest in front of him.

The statement that Flop had made was a dignified one, but it was quite a harrowing statement to listen to from the bylines in frankness.

Naturally, to have Rem referred to in a way that reduced her to just her capabilities did not sit well with Subaru.

Al: [That impression does not sound very convincing after those disrespectful words from just now, bro.]

Subaru: [Considering how far we’ve come, I got the right to say that much… Flop-san does too, then, right?]

Al: [Dunno, but I’m dying to hear about your adventures bro.]

It was too turbulent a story to tell, but that was a topic to be delved into some other time.

Regardless of how Abel had put it, Rem’s safety was Subaru’s top priority. Of course, he had confirmed with his own eyes that she held no noticeable trauma.

Subaru: [Did she do anything like work too hard and collapse?]

Flop: [Don’t worry about that, Husband-kun. Of course, all that hard work’s taken its toll on her, but it’s nothing that can’t be remedied with some rest. It’s really wonderful that you have the hardworking Wife-san by your side.]

Subaru: [I see…Well, that’s good.]

Stroking his chest in relief, Subaru was glad to hear Flop’s guarantee.

The situation was what it was. Even though he had to rely on Rem, he was frankly afraid that she would try too hard. What Subaru said mattered not; were it within her capabilities, Rem would not listen to him.

Al: [ ――Wife-san ?]

Al muttered quietly beside Subaru, who had patted his chest in relief.

He put a hand to the chin of his steel helmet, and cocked his head, puzzled,

Al: [I don’t think I saw her up above, but did the girl from bro’s group come here too?]

Subaru: [The girl from my group… you mean Emilia-tan? No, she didn’t come here. How reassuring it would be to have her here… on the other hand, I don’t think I would want her to be here.]

Emilia’s gentle nature and the Vollachian Empire’s way of being were probably like water and oil.

Although there was also a chance that Emilia, who tended to be someone who acted before thinking, would find the Imperial approach more comfortable, the cruelty of the Empire itself went much further than that. ―― Emilia was not suited for the Empire.

Al: [ ―― A wife other than your girl, huh?]

Subaru: [….Just to tell you, we’re passing it off as a matter of convenience. To tell you the truth, she’s a girl I’ve decided to treat with that much care. I’ll bring her home, no matter what.]

Al: [――――]

Subaru explained to Al, who mumbled in a low tone with his hand on his chin.

As long as they were also in the Empire, it was impossible for strange rumors to spread from Al’s mouth, but he did not want Al to get the wrong idea. He did not want his resolve to get rained on.

Priscilla: [That delicate-looking man, the one they call merchant… Are you one of Abel’s subordinates?]

Flop: [No, I’m not his subordinate. My sister and I are in a position of cooperating with Husband-kun and Village Chief-kun. Well, I guess it’s appropriate to call him my newest friend!]

Priscilla: [Oh, a friend, huh?]

Priscilla, exchanging words with Flop, loosened her lips at his answer. Hiding her loosened lips with her fan, Priscilla sent a meaningful look in Abel’s direction.

Priscilla: [I did not know you were hard at work making friends. It seems the throne of the Emperor of Vollachia has become such that it can easily be vacated.]

Abel: [Cease the sarcasm. I do not recall being friends with that man.]

Flop: [What are you talking about, Village Chief-kun? We’ve gone through the verge of death together in women’s clothing!]

Abel: [If you give death the slip alongside someone, you become friends immediately? If that is the case, then every single Imperial Soldier is my friend. And the one who has been on the verge of death closest to me, is my enemy.]

The perfect rebuttal making use of his own position made Flop hold his tongue upon receiving it.

However, it was a double-edged sword that did not leave Abel unscathed either.

Subaru: [Anyway, Flop-san brought us some good news. I’d like to talk about some more good news as well…]

Abel: [――Wait.]

Subaru: […What is it?]

It was an optimistic subject in a not-so-positive meeting. Interrupting Subaru’s attempt to spur him on, Abel cocked his chin at Flop.

Subaru’s gaze was guided by that movement, and he also looked over at Flop.

Subaru: [Flop-san?]

Indeed, the reason why Abel pointed at him was because he had noticed the change in Flop’s facial expression.

Flop had not lost his bright, cheerful expression, yet in his eyes, which had always carried a cheerfulness as dazzling as the sun, there was a faint hint of hesitation and melancholy.

Abel: [If you are a merchant, you should be careful about how you talk about things. In that respect, I do not believe you are cut out to be a merchant.]

Flop: [I’ve received quite a few of those opinions, so I have some thoughts on that matter, but I’ll leave it at that for now… Husband-kun, there was something I forgot to mention earlier.]

Subaru: [――――]

Giving a sidelong glance towards Abel and his remark, Flop fluttered his eyelashes in melancholy, then directing his eyes at Subaru.

His well-groomed face, and the wistfulness in it, made Subaru’s heart tighten. He could not help but think that he did not want to hear what Flop had to say, but he had no choice but to listen.

In that sense, Flop had a natural talent for making others listen to what he had to say. Were it not for this situation, Subaru would have praised him for his talent as a merchant.

Despite that, however――,

Flop: [It’s not unrelated to Village Chief-kun, either. I want Miss Kuna and Miss Holly to come with us as well.]

Now that he was unable to stop Flop from telling him, he hated it, as if it were a cursed talent.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: […Abel and Natsumi have come too, huh .]

After being called by Flop, Subaru and the others left the conference hall and went to the upper floor of the City Hall.

In the space that looked like a field hospital, where the wounded had been gathered, the one who greeted Subaru and the others was Mizelda, who had cut off her scorched black hair.

The party that had stormed Guaral had been caught unprepared by Arakiya’s surprise attack, yet Mizelda had been the one to receive the most grievous injuries, having been overwhelmed by the flames in the first instance, and then by the blows exchanged with Arakiya at the end.

After having had her whole body scorched and then swallowed by the tornado, Arakiya’s blow clawed deep into her insides afterwards.

No matter how tough her body was, it was unmistakably a situation that tested Mizelda’s vitality, as if to see how far she could go with Rem’s healing arts, which could not be said to be at their best.

Mizelda: [I’m sorry to call you here . I just thought I needed to tell you as soon as possible .]

Subaru: [Mizelda-san…]

Mizelda smiled thinly as she said this, having taken a seat on an object near the wall.

As one of the most powerful amazonesses, Mizelda’s smile was devoid of the wild demeanor that she had displayed towards Subaru and the others on numerous occasions.

However, the willpower in her eyes was yet to be lost. It was unbalanced.

Mizelda: [First of all, thank you . Thanks to Rem, I’m alive . It’s a miracle .]

Subaru: [――――]

Mizelda: [You took the city as well . As Shudraq’s Chieftain , I’m impressed with your work . In addition , I must make a declaration for the future of this war .]

Praising Rem’s dedication and Subaru’s contribution, Mizelda straightened her posture.

And then――,

Mizelda: [The position of Chieftain of the Shudraq will be given to my sister , Taritta. I can’t fulfill my duties anymore .]

She patted her right leg, which was missing from the knee down, and announced that her sister would take over the role.

Translation notes:

[1] The Romance of the Three Kingdoms and Water Margin are considered to be two of Four Great Classic Novels of China.

--- Chapter 30: Self-Proclaimed Hero Natsuki Subaru ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Mizelda’s expression was resolute as she declared that she would give up her position as Chieftain.

The dominance of her wild, strong-eyed beauty had not diminished, and she was still exactly the same as when they had first seen her. Through thick and thin, the impression of her being a strong woman remained the same.

And with that notion still present, having lost her right leg, Mizelda had decided to step down from her position as Chieftain.

Everyone: [――――]

The ones surrounding Mizelda, were the ones who harbored a deep sense of regret.

The People of Shudraq, those who had witnessed Mizelda’s, their Chieftain’s, strength from up close, would not be able to discard their bitterness and sense of loss that easily.

Kuna’s lack of expression was intensified by her usual coldness, next to Holly, whose usual relaxed state was replaced with a somber expression. A teary-eyed Utakata bit her lip and cast her head down, while all the remaining Shudraqians too, displayed gloomy expressions on their faces.

However, the one most shaken up amidst them all――

Taritta: [Oh, sister, it’s impossible . There’s no way someone like me could be a good Chieftain …]

Mizelda: [――Taritta.]

Taritta: [It’s because it’s you, sister, that you were able to do it ! I don’t have the ability to do something like that …]

Shaking her head in disagreement, Taritta frantically pleaded.

That she, Mizelda’s younger sister, who had personally been nominated to be the next Chieftain, respected and practically worshipped her elder sister was easy to imagine, based off of every single one her daily words and actions.

For that reason precisely, Taritta was in denial, unable to accept the fact that Mizelda had lost her leg. She appeared even more upset than Mizelda herself was.

Rem: […It’s because of my inadequacy.]

Taritta’s grief-stricken plea was met by a weak, self-condemning voice.

It came from the other end of the room littered with injured bodies, from Rem, who was in a state of exhaustion, making use of her cane to stand.

She was the sole existence at this place able to use healing magic. Making herself useful, Rem bustled left and right, going from person-to-person endeavoring to save many of the injured. One could only guess from her blood-stained clothes, disheveled hair, and fatigued expression how draining it had been.

Nevertheless, the person in question did not care, and even the appreciative words of Subaru at the beginning had been met with a simple “I’m fine” of dismissal.

Even so, no one had the right to condemn Rem for her lack of strength.

Without her, they would not have been able to attain a result devoid of fatalities from Arakiya’s attack. Everyone understood that much.

Therefore――,

Mizelda: [Rem, there’s no need for you to be worried . I was lucky to get out of the battle with the Imperial General having only lost one of my legs … No, it’s because I had your help .]

Rem: [Mizelda-san… that may be true, but――]

Mizelda: [I’m grateful to you . I have nothing more to say .]

Rem was blocked from speaking any further, as Mizelda repeated her gratitude.

Louis, her long blonde hair in disarray, snuggled up beside the silent Rem. As the former gently picked at the hem of the latter’s dress, Rem quietly lowered her gaze, placing her hand on Louis’s shoulder.

The remorse and helplessness that Rem was feeling was painfully obvious to Subaru. But the dark-haired handsome man stepped forward faster than Subaru could say anything.

Abel: [Mizelda, you have no intention to change your mind, do you?]

Abel’s question as he stepped forward was met with a nod from Mizelda, who sat on an object.

As she felt the surface of her amputated, bandaged leg with her fingers, she said,

Mizelda: [Ah, I have no intention to . The pact between the Shudraq and Emperor of Vollachia will be kept . From here on out though, you should ask Taritta… or rather , the Chieftain .]

Abel: [――. I understand. Mizelda, you have done a great service.]

Mizelda: [ Mh .]

Mizelda had hardened her resolve to resign and Abel showed his understanding to her answer while folding his arms. With that, Mizelda let out a small breath and showed a wide grin.

With a faint smile, she glanced upward at Abel.

Mizelda: [If it’s going to be that way , show me your smile . It’s the duty of a good-looking man .]

Abel: [――. Hmm.]

Mizelda: [Good enough .]

Despite losing her leg only recently, Mizelda was still much too fierce.

Even Abel, arrogant as he was, did not criticize her for her disrespect, and even smiled at her attitude.

Above all, this was proof that the Emperor, whose throne had been usurped, displayed his respect towards the female warrior who lived in the jungle.

And then――,

Mizelda: [――Listen up , my brethren !]

Mizelda’s smiling face hardened, as she raised her head to speak in a loud voice.

Hearing the fierce sound of her voice, the Shudraq all straightened their posture as to listen carefully.

Mizelda: [As I told you earlier , I am fulfilling my duty as Chieftain ! I now hand over the role of Chieftain to my sister , Taritta! Everyone , obey Taritta from now on !]

Shudraqians: [――――]

Mizelda: [This is my last command as Chieftain . ――Thank you for your ancestral vows and ancestral pride .]

Shudraqians: [――Thank you !]

Mizelda concluded, and the Shudraqians seemed to be reciting something.

He knew not of their customs or longstanding practices. But even Subaru, an outsider and a layman, could sense that it was a ritual of succession.

It was short, informal, and a combination of practical and conceptual inheritance.

In this place, the position of Chieftain of the People of Shudraq had been inherited, going from Mizelda to Taritta.

Taritta: [ Sister …]

Mizelda: [Don’t lower your head , Chieftain . Your hesitation is our hesitation . Your faltering is our faltering . Your death leads to our death .]

Taritta: [――――]

Approaching her, Mizelda encouraged the new Chieftain, Taritta, the latter’s expression was murky.

That would not make Taritta feel any better at once. However, Taritta must have realized that clinging onto her would not change the situation.

After a few moments of silence, Taritta nodded timidly, and silently.

Mizelda: [――――]

The complex emotions that flitted in Mizelda’s eyes as she saw this, were something that went unnoticed by Taritta as she lowered her head. ――And it was something that no one but her would mention.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: […To be honest, that was unexpected.]

With the Chieftain’s succession spiel and the damage report concluded, Subaru called out to Abel.

Abel furrowed his brow at being stopped without receiving a concrete subject. Showing displeasure, he then inquired about Subaru’s true intention with a “What was?”,

Abel: [I have much to ponder. You, of all people, should not be bothering me.]

Subaru: [You sure are harsh like always… It’s just that I was surprised. You accepted Mizelda-san leaving the frontlines so readily.]

Abel: [――――]

Subaru: [I thought you’d say that all she lost was one leg for sure. I thought you were going to tell her to work herself to death for you.]

Even though he thought it far too extreme, Subaru declared his honest feelings to Abel.

This was the Emperor who had appended the People of Shudraq to his troops for the sake of reclaiming the throne, and someone who had considered polluting the Fortress City of Guaral with poison, if worst came to worst.

Abel―― no, Vincent Vollachia, was very much willing to do such things.

Abel: [Nonsense. What in the world would be the meaning of being so forceful?]

However, Abel’s response to Subaru, who had been prepared to hurl words of abuse and his true opinion, was calm and sober.

In front of the disappointed Subaru, Abel looked at the Shudraqians conversing in the distance.

Abel: [Well, I do not wish that my subordinates do any more than they are capable of. Even if I order them to do their utmost, it would be delusional to expect them to go any further than their limits.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [If they overperform in comparison to what they had been evaluated as being capable of, the plan shall be thrown into disarray. I simply request nothing more and nothing less than what I demand from my men. And Mizelda has fulfilled her duty. In that case, the only thing I can present her with, is a reward.]

With words, motivate them. With rewards, get them to exceed their abilities. With praise, make them promise to improve next time.

Subaru had always thought, with absolute certainty, that this was how powerful people subjugated their subordinates. Therefore, Abel’s reply was in direct contradiction to what Subaru had in mind.

He would not request labors beyond the capabilities of his subordinates.

It seemed like a good environment for subordinates to work in, albeit simultaneously a lonely one as well.

Abel: [Goes without saying that endeavoring less than what is expected shall be met with punishment. Definite punishment or reward, you do comprehend what it signifies, right?]

Subaru: […Then, does that mean I’m going to be punished?]

Abel: [If you were my subordinate, that would be correct. But are you my subordinate?]

Staring straight ahead, Subaru’s eyes widened at Abel’s words.

Of course, Subaru did not recall ever becoming Abel’s subordinate. In his discussion with Priscilla, Abel had treated Subaru as a military strategist, but he did not have any intention of formally becoming one.

Subaru: [It’s not that I’m not attracted to the title of military strategist, but I don’t wish to be something like your subordinate.]

Abel: [And so that is how it is. You are not my subordinate, and therefore, you do not fall under the category of receiving definite punishment or reward.]

Subaru: [Thinking about it, just what are you to me…?]

Because of their situation, they were forced to accompany each other. They did not have the relationship of a master and a servant in the first place, nor any kind of personal one.

They were two people caught in a flow of obstacles, and once these obstacles were cleared, their paths would separate. That was the type of relationship they had.

Calling them friends, or allies, or comrades, would just be untrue. If there was something they could be classified as, it would be crossdressing companions.

Abel: [Some have taken the liberty of calling me a friend, but you have not.]

Subaru: [Ah. I’m a shy guy, so I can’t become your friend that easily.]

Given the current situation, the person who may have been able to call him a friend here would either be a very good person or a fraud, and Flop would be the former.

Anyhow――,

Abel: [I shall resume my conversation with Priscilla. Go do whatever else you need to do.]

Subaru: [What I need to do…]

Abel: [It should not be required of me to tell you that.]

Being diced by those almond-shaped eyes, Subaru’s gaze left Abel and headed towards the corner of the room.

There, he found the figure of Rem sitting on the floor. He could not make out her downcast expression from a distance, but there was no doubt that leaving her alone would not do.

He was somewhat annoyed that Abel had told him to do it first, though.

Subaru: [I don’t want you to get in trouble with Priscilla and start another fight. Just be careful with how you talk to her.]

Abel: [I am certain many would advise that you, not I, should be the one to receive those words.]

Hateful words were riposted with further hateful words, and Subaru parted ways with Abel, who returned to the conference hall.

Mizelda’s leg would change the situation of the People of Shudraq, so it would be necessary to take that into account when engaging in discussions with Priscilla.

However, there was little room for Subaru in the conversation between the celestial beings, Abel and Priscilla.

The priority for Subaru was to speak to the only person he could.

Subaru: [――Rem, is now a good time?]

He lightly took a deep breath and calmed himself down, before heading over, towards Rem.

Sitting with her knees folded and her back against the wall, Rem slightly stirred at Subaru’s words, his figure faintly reflected on her pale-blue eyes.

Rem: […Is that you? When are you going to change your clothes?]

Subaru: [Rem has priority over changing clothes. As soon as this conversation ends, I will change my clothes.]

Rem: [Is that so? Well then, this conversation has ended. Please go change your clothes.]

Subaru: [That’s so crude!]

Subaru was left helpless and raised his voice after Rem’s blunt retort. At Subaru’s voice, Rem’s eyes sharpened and she said, “Please be quiet”.

Then she jerked her chin toward the girl leaning on her left shoulder.

Rem: [At this rate, you’ll wake up the sleeping Louis-chan. Please consider her.]

Subaru: [Well, I…]

Rem: [Or is it just that you do not want to put that much consideration into this girl?]

Subaru: [Don’t say it like that. My bad…]

Taking tiny breaths while sleeping, Louis cuddled closer with Rem.

Louis had been helping Rem to treat the wounded; her white clothes were stained with blood here and there. From what he had learned from Rem’s attitude and from Utakata, she had done exactly as she had been told, albeit poorly.

Naturally, Subaru’s inner thoughts were mixed, though.

Rem: [It throws me off when you make a grim face in that appearance.]

Subaru: [Oh, yeah, my bad. My makeup’s messed up, it’s rather unsightly.]

Rem: [It looked unsightly even when you had it on properly.]

Subaru: [Tohoho…]

Subaru’s shoulders slumped in depression at Rem’s remark, which was as harsh as ever. Subaru then slowly sat side-by-side with Rem, at her right, opposite of Louis.

He peeked at Rem’s protesting gaze, but consciously ignored it.

Subaru: [Rem, you did great. Everyone survived thanks to you.]

Rem: […I’m keenly aware of my lack of power. To tell you the truth, I’m useless.]

Subaru: [Rem…]

In response to the words of gratitude, Rem looked down at her hands in frustration. As she regarded those pale fingers, Rem was biting her lip weakly.

Subaru: [You’re definitely not useless. Even though your memories are fuzzy, you were able to use your healing magic splendidly and saved a lot of people. But…]

Rem: [I know. If I were whole, this magic wouldn’t have been like this.]

Subaru: [Like this?]

Rem: [My healing magic. The magic I’m using right now is by intuition, in other words, self-taught. Though with Louis-chan’s assistance, I’ve managed to get it into shape. Even then…]

Rem’s words did not continue beyond that point.

The reason why she did not continue after that, was because it was something that went without saying. She knew that, if she put it into words, it would become a blade that she would hurt herself with, and that the pain would console her, albeit slightly.

Complaints, when spoken, would hurt oneself and others. In compensation however, it would lighten one’s heart merely a little bit. And Rem disliked the idea of lightening her heart.

It was proof that she truly blamed herself for her inability to save others, because of her lack of power.

Subaru: [――――]

Once again, Subaru painfully understood Rem’s feelings.

To rue that one could have done more, was more painful than an unreachable wall. It would be even worse when it regarded someone else’s future, someone other than one’s own.

――The loss of Mizelda’s leg had left something weighty in the recesses of Subaru’s heart.

It was not a life. But it was not hard to imagine the magnitude of losing one of your four limbs.

The closest example was certainly Al, a one-armed man who had lost his left arm. Additionally, there was the Watergate City of Pristella; during that battle, Ricardo had lost one of his arms in a confrontation against Gluttony.

It had been an extremely shocking event, but it was not a tragedy so remote that it could not happen. In fact, for those who put themselves in harm’s way, it may be more appropriate to call it a familiar tragedy.

Still――,

Subaru: [That’s harsh.]

Rem: […Yes.]

Subaru’s parched murmur was met with a small nod from Rem right beside him.

This was the first time he had ever gotten a straightforward nod without repercussions, yet he was unfortunately not in the right frame of mind to appreciate it. Rem glanced at Subaru, the latter holding a lump deep in his chest.

Rem: [The previous… If it was the previous me, I wonder how it would’ve gone…]

Subaru: […If it was the you when you still had memories?]

Rem: [Yes. If it was the past me’s healing magic, Mizelda-san’s leg could’ve been…]

“Could’ve been saved”, Subaru closed his eyes at the words that would have followed.

It was not that he could not comprehend what Rem was thinking. But it was difficult for Subaru, being on the outside, to judge the extent to which the presence or absence of memory had affected Rem’s healing magic.

Even if it were possible to quantify the healing power, it would be difficult for Subaru to assess it.

However――,

Rem: [――――]

Rem, her pale-blue eyes filled with earnest emotion, were directed at Subaru.

If the answer she was looking for was something that Subaru could provide he did not know, but there were only two choices in front of him: “The previous Rem could” or “The previous Rem couldn’t”.

Which of the two would turn out to be the salvation for Rem?

――Or rather, which of the two would save Rem from being hurt even more?

Subaru: […Even with your memories, I think it would be helpless.]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [Even healing magic isn’t all-powerful. In that case, Rem would have done the best she could.]

He replied after a few seconds of agonizing thought, which felt much longer in Subaru’s mind.

Even if Rem had her memories, even if her healing magic had been in perfect condition, she would not have been able to save Mizelda’s leg.

The truth was that it was not about “ifs”.

If they started talking about “ifs”, there would be no end to it. It was true that Rem had not been able to salvage Mizelda’s leg. But beyond Mizelda, she had saved the lives of many other injured people.

She should be praised for her achievements, and there was no reason for her to blame herself.

In fact, if someone should be blamed, it should be――,

Subaru: [I wasn’t strong enough.]

Rem: [Eh…]

Subaru: [I didn’t think enough. I should’ve examined things more seriously.]

Upon hearing this answer spat out by Subaru, Rem’s round eyes went wide.

In front of Rem, Subaru clenched his molars with force, and covered his face with both of his hands.

If anyone were to curse the lack of strength, the blame should fall on Subaru.

Subaru: [All of it. It’s my fault.]

Despite the pompous claims of a “bloodless siege”, reality was far from such results.

Arakiya’s intrusion had caused many injuries, and her recovery had brought death to multiple guards. There had been no casualties within their own ranks, but taking into account Mizelda’s missing leg, how could it be called “bloodless”?

He had failed. It was a pile of failures, and the chance for recovery had been lost.

All he wanted was the best possible happy ending, and what Subaru had obtained was either a so-so happy ending or what should be called a so-so bad ending.

To paraphrase Abel’s words from earlier, definite punishment or reward―― castigation ought to follow.

Had Subaru been one of Abel’s men, it would not be strange for him to have his head chopped off.

――Worst-case scenario, he would have to Return by Death.

Thoughts like these crossed his mind.

In that case, he would most likely go back to the most recent point of return, to the time of the bloody battle against Todd in Guaral. ――The fear caused by the recollection of that time made his entire body tremble.

Still, even if he returned to that moment of terror, if he could recover what they had lost――,

Rem: […Why?]

Suddenly, that word struck the brooding Subaru’s eardrums.

Raising his face immediately, he was met head-on by Rem’s eyes staring right toward him.

Rem’s eyes, which had been moist with remorse until just before, were now staring straight at Subaru, holding even stronger remorse within.

Rem: [Why did it turn into your fault?]

Agitated by Rem’s gaze, more words were piled up upon Subaru, rendered unable to move.

She extended her hand, her eyes damp, and while indicating the devastated City Hall she said,

Rem: [So Mizelda-san’s leg, Louis-chan’s and Utakata-chan’s injuries, Medium-san’s and Flop-san’s wounds, all of it is your fault?]

Subaru: [They are, yes. It wouldn’t have turned out like this if I’d been more careful about my preparations.]

Rem: [You thought of a plan, and your seemingly reckless plan had a proper pay off. You were able to hold the General Second-Class in place, and get them into the city without letting anyone fight. Just like we planned.]

Subaru: [But then after that…]

Rem: [――Who cares about what happened after!?]

At Subaru’s persistence, Rem raised her eyebrows and made her voice louder. Rem quickly turned her face, and because of this, Louis, who was leaning against her, fell into her lap.

Louis jerked slightly and groaned softly, without waking up. While supporting Louis’s shoulder, Rem puffed slightly and looked at Subaru again.

Rem: [No one could’ve foreseen what would happen after that. The appearance of that half-naked woman and her rampage were all unpredictable. So…]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [So why are you responsible for all of that?]

Subaru gulped as the question of “why” was once again asked toward him.

If you asked him why, he would think it was the responsibility of one that had power.

In the same way that Rem lamented the lack of power in her own healing magic, Subaru sometimes regretted and lamented the fact that his own Authority could not make up for it. The scope of Return by Death was greater.

The future could improve or worsen, depending on whether Subaru exercised his power.

However――,

Subaru: [It’s…]

――It was a truth that could not be told to another, even if the person was Rem.

It was not restricted to merely Rem.

The authority Subaru wielded, this alone he could not propagate to anyone, no matter how open-minded the other party was. ――No, he was unable to speak of it even to someone he had established an emotional bond with.

If he told them, there was no way he could disclose the truth without possibly causing the death of that person.

He was afraid of pain. The pain brought about from trying to tell someone about Return by Death was terrifying.

Who could get used to that intense pain that gripped one’s heart no matter how many times they experienced it?

But what was truly frightening was not the pain, but the loss.

Was there anything in this world that was more terrifying than loss?

Was it not because of this extreme fear precisely, that this Authority had been granted to Natsuki Subaru?

Rem: […Why did you protect me?]

Subaru: [Huh…?]

Rem continued to speak as if she had given up on Subaru, the latter silent and unable to answer.

For a moment, Subaru blinked, unsure of what she was talking about.

Rem: [When that half-naked woman attacked me. I knocked down a pillar, and when that didn’t work… That woman came at me, and you stood in front of me.]

In a selfless attempt to save her from being attacked by Arakiya, Subaru had stood in front of Rem.

His hands outstretched, he had been desperate to keep any threat away from Rem. At that moment, Subaru did not care if Arakiya were to take his life.

He wanted Rem to outlive him, for even a second longer.

That was――,

Rem: [The result of your bloodless siege, the fact that you covered for me at that moment, and even the fact that Mizelda-san lost her leg, you’re trying to take on everything on your own…]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [You’re not strong enough to do all those things… At first, I was wary of you because of that horrible smell.]

That was where Rem broke off her words, and once she did, she looked down at Louis on her lap.

Gently stroking her golden hair, Rem choked and calmly turned her gaze back to Subaru, saying

Rem: [I, Louis-chan, Abel-san, Mizelda-san and the others, Medium-san and Flop-san are all human beings with a will, and you don’t have to get worked up to protect them.]

Subaru: [Oh…]

Rem: [Please don’t try to do anything like that all by yourself. You don’t have to take responsibility for our actions.]

Subaru’s mouth opened and closed repeatedly, overwhelmed by the shower of words.

His brain refused to comprehend what was being said, in a prompt fashion. However, an unidentified sense of urgency scorched Subaru’s heart, forcing him to listen no further.

With earnest emotion, directed at a Subaru cursing his own lack of power, Rem bit back.

He had to stop her from saying anything beyond that――,

Rem: [You aren’t a special person――]

He knew he should not have allowed her to say it.

Rem: [――Because, you’re not a hero.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Staggering, Subaru walked through the City Hall as if wandering.

He had no destination in mind. It was not even clear when he had started walking, to begin with. When he had come to, he was walking, and if anything, his consciousness still remained in a state of vagueness.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Suddenly, he was hit head-on by a hard impact.

Taking a look at it, it seemed that he had hit a wall. He was walking while only staring at his feet, that was the reason. Slamming his forehead against the bare wall, Subaru held his aching forehead and exhaled.

Then, without thinking, he slammed his forehead against the solid wall again.

A firm impact and a dull sound, and Subaru felt a stinging pain in his brain.

As he shook his brain from the outside, he felt as if the stagnation that permeated his whole body was slowly receding.

In the same manner, Subaru slammed his forehead against the wall again and again.

Slam, slam, slam――

???: [Hey, hey, stop that, bro.]

As he pulled back to strike again, his shoulder was grabbed from behind. He had been called out.

What came into view when Subaru turned around, was a gaze that met his own from behind a steel helmet directed his way. Still grasping Subaru by the shoulder, the other party cracked the bones in his own neck and spoke,

Al: [I understand the feeling of wanting to die. But no matter how many times you do that, there’s gonna be no end to that sorta thing.]

--- Chapter 31: A Talk Between Compatriots ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru’s eyes widened as a strong arm grabbed him by the shoulders, making him turn around.

The iron helmet staring his way―― Or rather, Al’s attitude, was rather unexpected.

Subaru: [――――]

Ignoring the force of the arm that had seized his shoulder was somewhat difficult. His intent to halt Subaru from banging his head against the wall and harming himself could be keenly felt.

Al: [You should stop that.]

Subaru: […Ah.]

Their gazes met, and a breath escaped as the words of restraint were repeated.

Immediately, Subaru felt a pang of shame well up from the bottom of his stomach, as if he had been blamed for his eccentric behavior. It was as if he were a character in a game being made to run against a wall.

Looked like it was exactly like that, including the part where he had not thought anything about it.

Al: [Don’t come crying to me if you end up an idiot after doing that. No, rather, it’s because I couldn’t leave you like that, that I came to stop you.]

Subaru: […Sorry for the inconvenience.]

Al: [Why so formal? Also, your voice is so raspy it’s scaring me.]

With Al pointing out that Subaru’s voice was surprisingly hoarse, he once again ridiculed himself.

It was directed towards none other than his own shameful behavior, he who had been so affected by his own mental breakdown, and he who been driven into a state so beyond repair.

It was natural. After all, it was none other than Rem who had told Subaru――,

Al: [――Was it so painful for you to hear what that girl said?]

Subaru: [―― Hk .]

Al: [Oh, scary! Don’t look at me like that. I’m gonna get nervous if you keep staring at me looking like that.]

Subaru looked up as if he had been hit by a bullet, meanwhile Al shrugged his shoulders as if jesting.

His glare had caused Al to step back, but Subaru closed the distance between them, and directly tackled Al’s earlier statement.

Subaru: [You, were you listening…!]

Al: [I wasn’t trying to eavesdrop, you know. You just happened to be in the middle of an important conversation when I went to call you, bro. I just thought it’d be wrong to interrupt.]

Subaru: [――――]

Al: [Even if you look at me with those distrustful eyes, I ain’t lying. Well, after that, bro, you started walking like it was the end of the world, so I got worried and followed you. And sure enough…]

As he said this, Al pointed to the front part of his helmet.

And as he had expected, his fears were right on the mark. It was not like Al was paying particularly close attention, but it was more that Subaru’s desperation was clear as day.

The pain from his forehead, which he had been hitting right at the spot Al had pointed at, came back, causing Subaru to cast his eyes downward awkwardly.

Subaru: […Rem.]

Al: [Hmm?]

Subaru: [That’s right, what happened with Rem? I mean, after she talked to me…]

Al: [Whoa, whoa, don’t tell me the shock you got because of what that girl said made you lose your memories? Please gimme a break. If you get amnesia, bro, I’ll lose my only buddy.]

Al answered Subaru’s question while fiddling with the metal clasp of his helmet with his hand around his head.

Unfortunately, what Al had feared would happen had already come to pass. That said, for Subaru it was something equally grave compared to amnesia, so it was inevitable that his mental balance would be disturbed.

Perhaps seeing Subaru’s anxiety in his expression, Al prefaced with “Don’t worry about it”,

Al: [Even after you turned pale, you were still giving decent answers, bro. So I think the girl didn’t suspect anything, yeah?]

Subaru: [Ah, I see…]

After receiving Al’s guarantee, Subaru felt the faintest of the faintest senses of relief.

Apparently, Subaru’s disgraceful behavior had started only after he had left Rem’s presence. If he managed to keep up appearances around Rem, he would not have worried her.

In any case――,

Subaru: [Al, about what you just said… What did you mean?]

Al: [Just said?]

Subaru: […About understanding my feeling of wanting to die, or something.]

With his hand on his aching forehead, Subaru asked the truth behind Al’s words.

Al: [I understand the feeling of wanting to die. But no matter how many times you do that, there’s gonna be no end to that sorta thing.]

The statement that he understood the feeling of wanting to die, and that there was no end to it, no matter what one did.

To be honest, he thought that it was not an expression that would bother him much. But at the same time, it was an expression too meaningful to be telling Subaru in this situation.

Rather, his statement seemed almost as if to indicate to Subaru that Al might know of his peculiarity, his Authority.

Al: [――. Oh, that.]

Subaru: [Yeah, that. It was… It was a very meaningful thing to say. You…]

――You know something about it, right?

Subaru sent Al a gaze shrouded with suspicion. Even if he strained his eyes, he was unable to peer into the eyes and the emotions hidden behind the cold steel helmet.

And with that, his expression and eyes hidden, Al snorted and spoke,

Al: [I don’t wanna say this, but I’ve been getting along in years, right? I’ve been in the same kind of mess as you, bro. ――I’ve even acted lame in front of a pretty girl.]

Subaru: [Ah…?]

Al: [What’s with that “ah”? Stuff like making a big fool of yourself and then wanting to die’s a road any man has walked. If you ask me, even at my age, I do it quite often. When I do it, the Princess looks at me like I’m a bug.]

With a chuckle, Al patted Subaru on the shoulder and gave him a lesson typical of a senior.

Taking in that content and his demeanor, Subaru stared back at Al, trying to determine if he was being deceptive or serious.

Al: [Hmm? What’s up, bro?]

Subaru: […No, it’s nothing.]

However, even if Subaru attempted to uncover Al’s true intentions, he would be incapable of doing so, as his view was obstructed by black iron.

Till this moment, he had always dismissed Al’s outfit as nothing more than one of his eccentricities. But when confronting him, attempting to ascertain his true intentions, he became aware that it was a protection much more potent than expected.

But, at the same time, he also reflected on getting too nervous.

Subaru: [There’s no way he knows, huh…]

It was just a coincidence that Al’s comment had caught Subaru’s attention.

If Al knew about Return by Death, he would have tried to show it to Subaru in a way that was easier to understand. ――The very existence of that Authority, of Return by Death, was a perilous affair.

Were he to be aware of it, he would not keep himself from alluding to it, much like Roswaal.

Simultaneously――,

Subaru: [――I guess not everyone who gets summoned to another world gets some kind of power.]

He was not in the know regarding the details of Al’s situation, but he thought it safe to assume this.

Because, if Al possessed some kind of special power dwelling inside him, it seemed to him―― that the loss of his left arm could have been prevented.

For example, if Subaru were to lose one of his arms in similar fashion, then he could utilize his Authority to prevent the loss of his left arm before it happened, by――,

Subaru: […Returning?]

With that thought in mind, Subaru stared at his left arm intently.

It was merely hypothetical, but very possible. In the first place, the only reason Subaru had been able to survive with all his body parts intact so far, was because he had been able to make full use of Return by Death.

Many times, among the loops in which he had been robbed of his life, he had suffered the loss of an arm or a leg.

Had he been able to survive without Return by Death, he would have been plenty able to live with missing body parts.

――Subaru had decided that he would never fully rely on Return By Death.

But then, to what extent should he rely on it?

How many of his arms, legs, fingers, and eyes would he have to forfeit before he decided to rely on it? Above all, what if it was not his own limbs, but those of Emilia or Rem?

In the Watergate City of Pristella, Subaru had not Returned by Death for the sake of Ricardo’s lost arm. Today as well, he had not Returned by Death because Mizelda had lost her leg.

Even though he knew that, via the use of his Authority, he might have been able to procure better results.

Even though he was aware that the number of those who had lost arms or legs, with the paths they had taken so far cut off, could be reduced.

Subaru: [I’m…]

Al: [――――]

Subaru: [I’m a hypocrite.]

Conscious that the Authority he had been bestowed with was a mighty one, he was unable to take a decisive step.

Natsuki Subaru was far too impotent and selfish.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [Rem too… Zuah?!]

Al: [You’re in a bad loop , bro.]

He had ended up allowing Rem to speak those decisive words.

Right before he was about to fall into depression, Subaru’s forehead was struck by a powerful finger flick. The strong pain brought tears to eyes, and while uttering “Wha, wha…”, he looked at Al.

Al: [Oh, that made a pretty good sound. Wait, did I hit you right where you slammed your forehead? Sorry, sorry, I didn’t mean to.]

Subaru: [It’s fine… Not, what the hell was that!]

Al: [That was a finger flick. So, the questioning power shifts to me, and I’ll ask the questions now.]

Al pointed the flicked finger at Subaru, whose surprise overrode the pain. Upon having that finger thrust at his nose, Subaru involuntarily backed away and kept his mouth shut.

Then, Al continued with a “Listen”,

Al: [How unsettled are you by that girl’s words? It’s a shame, just because she told you something. Don’t you think so yourself?]

Subaru: [Well, I…]

Al: [I don’t want you to get woozy over something like that. I’m embarrassed to say this, but… I got expectations for you, bro.]

Subaru: [――Expectations?]

Subaru was simply surprised to be given a talk that he had never expected.

Seeing Subaru’s reaction, Al gave a deep nod, and said, “Yes, that’s right”,

Al: [You remember that speech you gave at Pristella, right bro?]

Subaru: [Oh, yeah, I do, but …]

Al: [I’m pretty sure that, back then, I told you that that broadcast would mean that you’d have to carry “heroic reveries”, bro.]

It had been a tense situation, with the city being assaulted by the Sin Archbishops, and many people in dire straits.

Subaru recalled the words Al had given him upon being requested to play a role in that situation, yet been unable to take the next step: those were the “heroic reveries”.

He was an existence burdened with the expectations and hopes of many people. He could not be allowed to lose.

He was carrying the “reverie” of being the “hero” everyone wished for there to be.

And at that time, Subaru responded way too relaxedly.

――It was the same as it had always been.

Al: [It’s the same here. One person denies you, so what? It’s not like it’s going to change what you’ve done, bro, or turn your resolve inside out.]

Subaru: [――――]

Al: [Don’t break, bro. Go get ‘em, bro. ――Live up to expectations, bro.]

Al, who knew about Subaru’s achievements in the Watergate City, patted him on the back.

Neither Rem, who had forgotten everything, nor Louis, who had regressed to an infant, and obviously, neither Abel, Flop, Medium, nor the People of Shudraq, were cognizant of Subaru’s achievement.

Priscilla also knew, but he doubted she would remember about it in the first place.

Al: [I haven’t forgotten. And I’m sorry, I’m not letting go of it, bro.]

Subaru: [Not letting go of it, you say…]

Al: [You’ve started it. I’m telling you, that’s a reputation you gotta keep up until you die.]

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru’s breath was taken away yet again, due to Al’s critical words.

He knew that the broadcast in the Watergate City had spread not only to the people in that city, nearly consumed by anxiety and fear, but also to the rest of the world.

He had to maintain that reputation until he died.

And unfortunately, “death” would never come to Subaru.

Therefore, he had no choice but to keep fighting.

Subaru: […Forever.]

At Al’s words, a voice leaked out of Subaru’s mouth as he covered his face with both hands, and shut his eyes.

Echoing in his head this whole time were the deadly words spoken by Rem. Those devastating words had shredded Subaru’s heart to bits, making him drown in his own stream of blood.

Rem: [――Because, you’re not a hero.]

Subaru: [I’ve been relying on a single thing Rem said, all this time.]

Rem: [――Because, you’re not a hero.]

Subaru: [Rem believed in me, and that’s why I didn’t falter. It was the same in Sanctuary, in Pristella, in Pleiades Watchtower…]

Rem: [――Because, you’re not a hero.]

Subaru: [Rem woke up without her memory, but I was still happy… I’m one step closer to getting it all back, and this is the time when I need to hold on the hardest.]

Rem: [――Because, you’re not a hero.]

Subaru: [Those were the magic words that roused my spirit.]

He was a hero, Rem had told him so.

They had stopped Subaru from giving up on everything and running away; they had not allowed his knees to buckle because Rem had fallen into slumber; they had let him challenge the obstruction of the Sanctuary and the difficult problems at the mansion; they had played a role in his efforts to save the Watergate City of Pristella that had fallen into enemy hands; and they had rocked the soul of a Natsuki Subaru that had lost his “memories”, and enabled him to conquer the Pleiades Watchtower.

They were――,

Rem: [Because Subaru-kun is Rem’s hero.]

Because of those words, because of that trust and support, he had been capable of making it to this day.

To take those away, for Natsuki Subaru, that meant――

Al: [Then, you just gotta get them back.]

Subaru: [――Huh?]

With his face covered, Subaru was in the midst of drowning in a darkness too deep to be called the back of his eyelids when he gasped due to Al’s statement, raising his face.

Right in front of him, was Al’s face, causing him to take a step backwards. However Al was the one to move forward this time, in a mirrored image of the previous scene.

Subaru’s back immediately made contact with the wall. He could not move back any further. As if to push Subaru, unable to retreat, Al extended his arm and blocked his escape.

And then――,

Al: [We’re gonna get them back. Both that girl’s expectations and your confidence, bro.]

Subaru: [Expectations and confidence…]

Al: [You gotta maintain your reputation. You gotta fight. And if you can’t afford to keep losing, then you got no choice but to keep on winning just like you wish. That’s how we’re going to win and get them back.]

Subaru: [――――]

Al: [The expectations and reputation you lost can only be regained with better results. That’s something you too should know, because you’ve experienced it many times.]

Suddenly he brought his face closer and the cold iron helmet hit his forehead.

However, Al appealed to Subaru so strongly and sincerely that the latter did not even notice that their foreheads were touching. This had bore a great impact on Subaru. Most importantly, Al seemed to have a point or two.

Lost expectations and reputation―― the most bitter of Subaru’s memories was, of course, his blunder at the Royal Castle.

At that time, Subaru had lost Emilia’s trust and expectations, and his valuation amidst the Royal Candidates dropped. The reason why he had been able to regain their trust afterwards were his actions.

For sure, not because he was banging his forehead against a wall in utter devastation.

Subaru: […Am I an idiot?  No, I am an idiot.]

Wasn’t it like though nothing had changed from when he made that blunder at the Royal Castle?

At that time as well, Subaru had attempted to disregard a massive hole, by pretense of asking Wilhelm to train him, in order to escape from the immense pain in front of him.

But now, Subaru could not afford to be so weak.

He had to protect Rem and bring her home. In contrast to that time, there was no one else he could turn to for that purpose. ――For Rem, there was only Subaru.

And in order to reassure Rem, surrounded by anxiety and gone without memories, he could not display even a little bit of a pathetic appearance in front of her any longer.

Even if Rem, who had forgotten everything, had stated that Subaru was not a hero.

Even if the words that had so strongly supported Subaru’s back were retracted by that same face and voice.

Subaru: [――I’m Rem’s hero.]

Yes, wasn’t Natsuki Subaru’s true nature to keep his head up?

Al: […Got a tad of your energy back?]

Hearing Subaru’s determination, the harshness vanished from Al’s voice. Replying to his words with a “Yeah”, Subaru directed his eyes towards Al from up-close, and,

Subaru: [It’s gotten much better. But back off, move away! What the hell’s up with this kabe-don?] [1]

Al: [Right! Bro’s crossdressing, and I’m a forty-year-old man missing an arm!]

Laughing heartily, Al pulled his hand from the wall and stepped back.

As Subaru’s field of view opened up, Subaru felt as if not just what was in front of him, but he felt like he was able to expand his horizon much more.

――In all honesty, Al’s words had only acted as first aid, and the fatal wound had not been closed completely.

He believed that should he face Rem, his legs would surely shake, reading her expression as he nervously awaited whether she would say those same words again.

He had not been able to reach an answer thus far, as to how much and for what purpose he would exercise the Authority named Return by Death.

He was sure that even if he mulled it over in his head, he would be incapable of arriving at a conclusion until that moment came.

But he could say it clearly.

This prideful Authority in Natsuki Subaru’s possession, was indispensable to materialize the “heroic reveries” that he must bear on his back. [2]

Henceforth, he was certain he would continue to be confused on the manner to deal with it in the times to come.

Al: [Ohh, right bro, I just wanted to ask.]

As Subaru stared downward at his hands in the process of renewing his mind, Al suddenly spoke up in an uncomfortable manner, his gaze directed toward Subaru.

Subaru wondered about Al’s attitude, as he had not shown any sign of reservation up till this point.

Subaru: [What’s the big deal now? If you have something to ask me, ask.]

Al: [Then, I’ll feel free to ask… What’s your relationship with that Rem girl?]

Al uttered that question with his head cocked in puzzlement. The question was one that seemed weird to ask at this point.

But it was only when Al asked this, that Subaru realized that he had given no explanation.

Al: [She’s your companion, bro, that you brought all the way to the Empire. She ain’t that half-elf girl or that contracted loli. On top of that, you’re treating her like a wife, right?]

Subaru: [I do that as a matter of convenience, and she herself doesn’t like it.]

Al: [But that girl’s words are tearing you to pieces, bro. ――The hell’s up with that?]

Al lowered his voice slightly and asked in a very serious manner.

In response to his words, Subaru frowned and searched his memories to make sure that there was no acquaintance between Al and Rem―― at least not in this timeline.

In the first place, he had never even brought up the subject of Rem in front of Al. It was only natural that he did not know about her. But still, there was something peculiar about his question.

The reason was probably Al’s attitude as he made that inquiry.

Al: [――――]

His expression could not be seen. But he could feel the heat in his gaze.

Subaru sensed that it was a sign of seriousness and urgency. He was bewildered by the unfamiliar sides of Al he had been shown in such a short period of time, the previous exchange included.

He was his sole compatriot, one who had survived in this other world with his aloof, carefree, and unserious attitude.

As he felt his impression of Al morphing within him,

Subaru: [Rem’s my… one of our companions. However, she fell victim to the Archbishop of Gluttony. Because of that, she’s gone from everyone’s memories. She doesn’t even remember herself.]

Al: [――. So that’s what happened. I see, I see, that makes sense.]

Subaru: [Sense?]

With Subaru having simply stated the truth, Al put his hand on his chin and nodded repeatedly.

Subaru’s head tilted due to the words that had leaked from his mouth, which prompted a “Right” from Al,

Al: [There were a few things that were bothering me. It was supposed to be a girl I didn’t… know, but it looked like a girl I did know. It was kinda asserting itself like the small bone of a fish stuck somewhere.]

Subaru: [You don’t know her, but you know her… Are you talking about Ram?]

Al: [Oh, yes, yes.]

Al’s voice fluttered as Subaru blinked at the unexpected connection that had popped up.

But that was enough to convince Subaru of Al’s attitude.

Thanks to everyone in the Emilia Camp, he was well-aware of how someone would react when one of the two, Ram and Rem, were to be forgotten.

Even Roswaal and Frederica, who had known her for a long time, had completely lost track of her existence until laying eyes on the real Rem, and once they met her face-to-face, they had never doubted the fact that she and Ram were twin sisters.

Aside from their personalities and qualities, Ram and Rem were really very similar. ――No, surprisingly, as of late he found himself wondering that they might be similar in nature as well.

Anyway, he now understood what Al’s strange feeling had been.

Knowing Ram, it would be confusing to see a Rem who looked exactly like her.

Subaru: [But I’ve never heard of you and Ram knowing each other.]

Al: [It’s not like we know each other. We ain’t really acquaintances, it’s just like, we got a bit of a connection, somehow. But, it’s enough for me to understand the gist of it. ――Twin sisters, huh? So you wanna reunite them.]

Subaru: […Mhm, that’s right.]

The top priority was to reunite Rem with Ram.

After that, Subaru’s main goal was to bring Rem back to where she belonged, and have everyone in the Emilia Camp, along with him, welcome her. To do so, he could not afford to lose Rem’s trust.

He must do whatever it took to regain her trust and get her to take his hand.

Al: [――Aight, okay. I’ll help you, bro.]

Subaru hardened his fists as he once again focused on the big goal, when Al, still at his front, having mulled over the circumstances that had been relayed to him, nodded and spoke those words.

Unintentionally, Subaru let out a dumb-sounding “Aeh?”,

Al: [Bro, did you just make the dumbest squeal ever?]

Subaru: [Leave me alone! I mean, what did you say? Do you want to help? Help who?]

Al: [I’ll do it for you, bro. And I’m sure the Princess’s gonna have a lotta stuff to say about that, but she can do whatever she wants with that. Anyway, I’ve decided that I’m gonna support you.]

Subaru: [――――]

Al: [But I only got one arm’s worth of shoulder to put into it.]

Subaru: [That’s not funny.]

He’d stated that with annoying enthusiasm, and Subaru was puzzled even as he replied swiftly back.

That was probably true. He did not know what in the world tugged at Al’s heartstrings.

Subaru: […Because you know Ram, that’s why you’re going to help me?]

Al: [It’s not like that. It’s you I’m rooting for, bro. ――In any case, if you gonna be a hero, the girl can’t be left out. That’s what I’m talking about.]

Subaru: [It’s not like I’m trying to be a hero…]

Al: [――You will be. Natsuki Subaru will become a hero.]

It was a way of interrupting that did not allow him to say no.

It was a strong, quiet statement, and the heat that it held within scorched Subaru’s heart.

Al: […Just kidding.]

However, the intense fervor dissipated at the sound of Al’s jesting voice.

With Subaru at the mercy of the sudden change of situation, Al waved his hand and said ”Sorry, sorry”,

Al: [But let’s keep that kinda spirit, bro. It’s better for lazy people like me and you bro, to bluff our way out a little.]

As he said this, Al turned away and walked off with a jaunty gait.

Lagging behind his stately steps, Subaru beckoned him.

Subaru: [Al. That just now was…]

Al: [Whoa, let’s not go off on a tangent here. After all, as I recall, I came to call you to the conference hall, bro. I’m pretty sure the Princess’s gonna gimme a hard time.]

Subaru: [――――]

Al: [Com’on, let’s hurry up. There’s always gonna be a chance to talk it out.]

With that, Al turned his head and shrugged his shoulders, gesturing for him to start running. Subaru, hastened by his gesture, had no choice but to retract his concern.

How much of what Al just said should be taken seriously, he did not know.

Even so, declaring his willingness to “cooperate” outright, gave Subaru considerably more energy to be optimistic.

Even if it was forced, Subaru had to be optimistic.

And so, he must keep his chest up, his back straight, and his legs wide apart as he walked.

Subaru: [Rem’s…]

――Hero, because he had lost the person who saw him in such a manner.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――”Heroic reveries”, huh?]

As he dashed, a murmur echoed only inside his steel helmet.

He closed his eyes, uttering in a voice that could not be heard outside, only to be heard by himself.

And so, with his eyes closed, he let it echo in the darkness behind his eyelids.

Al: [I’ll have you become a hero, bro. ――No, Natsuki Subaru.]

Translation notes:

[1] Kabe-don is the act of “slamming one’s hand onto the wall in front of someone”, where “kabe” (壁) means “wall”, and “don” (ドン) is supposed to represent a bang or thump. A common trope in anime.

[2] Given the similarities, some of you may be wondering why this is translated as “prideful Authority” and not “Authority of Pride”. The expression used here is “傲慢な権能”, being that the particle “な” is converting the noun “傲慢” into an adjective. “Authority of Pride” would be written as “傲慢の権能”, in which “の” is employed as a particle that means that the latter term “belongs” to the former.<

--- Chapter 32: The Path Onwards ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [How much time does it take just to bring one foolish commoner back? Do you think that the value of the time that flows by is the same between you and I?]

???: [No, that’s why I’m apologizing to you…]

Greeted by his master’s frigid gaze, Al bowed his head in a sullen manner.

As soon as he returned to the conference hall with Subaru, the aforementioned reprimand awaited him.

The original purpose of his mission was to bring Subaru back to the meeting hall, so it was not unreasonable for him to be scolded for having an unplanned conversation. Not unreasonable, but――,

Subaru: [Priscilla, please don’t blame Al too much. It’s not Al who’s at fault, it’s me.]

Priscilla: [Hmm. I’m sure you two clowns were consoling each other over some trivial anguish. Your forehead is red, did you bash it against the wall or something?]

Subaru: [Do you have Clairvoyance? You’re so spot on it’s scary.]

Priscilla shot back at Subaru, who had come to Al’s defense, with a comment as if she had seen it before.

The scene was not supposed to be so common as to come to mind easily, but he couldn’t help shudder at Priscilla’s insight.

Anyway――,

Subaru: [It’s like the conversation didn’t continue without us…]

Priscilla: [It is not facile to arrive at a conclusion. After all, are you not Abel’s military strategist?]

Subaru: [Well, um…]

Being pierced by Priscilla’s narrowed gaze, Subaru glanced at Abel. In response to his gaze, Abel, sitting on his seat, arms still crossed, paid no heed to Subaru’s questioning look.

Abel must have been reluctant to treat Subaru as a military strategist, but since he had stated such directly to Priscilla, it could be that he was unable to retract it.

As a result, they could not conclude the meeting without Subaru.

Subaru: [Aren’t you shooting yourself in the foot by acting without thinking?]

Abel: [You are the one who needs to regard the value of your words. Any great strategy can be treated as either wise or foolish, depending on how you choose your words.]

Subaru: [You’re regretting treating me as a military strategist, that’s some nerve…]

Frowning at Abel’s officious answer, Subaru sighed deeply.

He then looked around at the people in the meeting room―― Abel, Priscilla, Zikr, and Taritta, who had taken over as Chieftain, and then closed one eye.

Without Subaru and Al, they didn’t think they could have reached a conclusion.――,

Subaru: [The conclusion you haven’t reached is about cooperating with Priscilla? What was said before, was that Priscilla had a collaborator.]

Abel: [You seem to have the brains to keep up. Of course, I am talking about that. ――The one who gathers the most members of the Nine Divine Generals wins, remember?]

Subaru: [Yeah, we got to the part where the First’s a pain in the ass for being useless.]

If he went unrecruited and became an assassin, there would be nothing they could do. On the other hand, if he were recruited, he would not contribute much to the situation. If this were a simulation game, he would be a troublesome unit.

Someone that lacked charm even if turned an ally, all while becoming deadly poisonous if left to their enemies.

Subaru: [But it’s about the final victory. It’s not about Priscilla and the support of her collaborators. Right?]

Priscilla: [――Hmm.]

Priscilla made a small sound in her throat as Subaru summarized the story deftly.

For an instant, Priscilla’s crimson eyes flashed with a look of curiosity that seemed unusual in Subaru’s own eyes―― a reaction that suggested that she was interested in someone else, and in addition to that, it was Subaru.

I haven’t done anything special , Subaru contemplated.

Subaru: [What?]

Priscilla: [No, I thought you looked deflated in that guise, but you have made your return with a new look on your face and a new light in your eyes. On top of that, your blood circulation is a little better, so your appearance is slightly different.]

Subaru: […Are you, complimenting me?]

Priscilla: [You may jump in jubilance if such is your wish.]

Subaru: [I won’t go that far.]

The fact that she had not denied it, must be a compliment in Priscilla’s own way.

Replying with a snort, Subaru accepted the praise for his change of heart.

From Rem’s own mouth, the words that had supported Natsuki Subaru had been repudiated.

However, he was encouraged that this was not the time for his knees to buckle because of it.

Subaru: [Well, if that’s the case, then it was worth being late for the meeting.]

Priscilla: [I see, the result of a conversation between clowns is superb. You are being so uncharacteristically friendly, Al.]

Al: [Oi, oi, it’s not unusual for a nice guy like me to be friendly to someone, Princess.]

Priscilla derided him, and Al shrugged his shoulders as he replied.

Subaru could not decide whose words were correct, Priscilla’s or Al’s.

For Subaru, Al was the only person from his homeland, the one who patted him on the back and pushed him out of a dead-end situation. It was true that his image was not without its unsympathetic side, as he had been harsh to him elsewhere, and he treated any situation as someone else’s problem.

Subaru: [I can forgive it if I consider it as an after-effect of spending so much time in a different world.]

Al: [Didn’t you just say something really upsetting? Maybe I’m imagining things.]

Al tilted his head as if he couldn’t make any sense of it, but Subaru let it slide.

Neither the fact that Priscilla had changed her mind about Subaru, nor the fact that Al had contributed to that change of heart, were what was important.

Subaru: [What we need to do is settle the debate… and see how Priscilla’s willing to deal with us in the future. Let’s not go off-topic.]

Abel: [Oh, I am sorry. That someone who gets side-tracked so easily became a military strategist.]

Subaru: [――――]

To Abel, who narrowed his eyes in displeasure and retorted sarcastically, Subaru stuck his tongue out and ignored him. Then, turning to Priscilla once again, he urged her to continue the conversation.

Subaru: [So, what are you going to do? With or without the support of Priscilla and her collaborators, I’m sure Abel’s still going to raise an assault on the Imperial Capital…]

Al: [With or without the Princess’s support, the extent of the assault will be the same.]

Priscilla: [It is that you clowns are so in tune with each other. Anyway, your assessment is correct. Therefore, for us to assist you in the future… I have raised a condition to Abel to serve as proof that he is worthy of the support.]

Subaru: [Condition?]

Priscilla: [It is simple. ――One of the Nine Divine Generals must be on your side.]

To Subaru’s frowning face, Priscilla presented the requirement as a matter-of-fact.

Upon hearing that prerequisite, Subaru muttered “Nine Divine Generals…”.

It was not an absurd condition, definitely.

In the first place, if one wished to mount a challenge in the battle to regain the throne, the acquisition of many Divine Generals was required beforehand. Priscilla was merely looking for that first step.

In fact, it would be a very fortunate condition if they could get Priscilla on their side just by fulfilling the prerequisites for victory, right――

Subaru: [It’s not exactly a condition to be jumping up and down about, is it?]

Abel: [Of course. As long as I remain unknowing of Goz’s safety, there are no Divine Generals among the Nine who would follow me unconditionally. Additionally, there are not many eccentrics with an inclination to trouble themselves to fight a losing battle.]

Subaru: […If they can’t see even a small chance of winning, no one will come on board.]

As Abel described the tragic situation, Subaru also wrinkled his brow with a difficult expression.

Abel’s sad self-awareness―― if the Emperor’s prestige was not enough for the Nine Divine Generals, he desired to get as much support as possible from Priscilla and her collaborators.

At the very least, the presence of such a collaborator would have been a bargaining chip to persuade the Nine Divine Generals.

At this point, Abel had only a few things to go on: his big claim that he was the true Emperor, the People of Shudraq, and the military strength of the Fortress City of Guaral.

Subaru: [I wonder if they’ll listen to us when we say we’ll fight the Empire with one city and one tribe.]

Abel: [Those working with Priscilla… If they rank as mid-level Counts or higher, their names shall pose as good bargaining chips.]

Priscilla: [I tell you, do not expect mercy from me. I possess a certain amount of generosity, but it is not meant for beggars.]

Priscilla, with her chin resting on her hand, easily trampled their feeble hopes.

As they were already aware, there was no way she was going to change her opinion. Then, all they had to do was to directly challenge the conditions presented to them.

Zikr: [With all due respect, Your Excellency, perhaps we should turn to General First-Class Cecilus for help?]

Subaru: [Zikr-san, what are the odds of success?]

Expectations were placed on Zikr after those words, as heavy silence fell over the room. However, in response to Subaru’s expectant gaze, Zikr shook his head and said, “No”.

Zikr: [As Your Excellency stated earlier, given the current balance in strength, anyone who considers cooperating with us is not thinking straight. Therefore…]

Subaru: [Therefore?]

Zikr: [I am afraid we can only rely on people who don’t think straight, such as General First-Class Cecilus…]

Subaru: [Ah, so Zikr-san thinks that person’s nuts, too.]

Cecilus, who had only a dismal reputation, was hardcore enough that Zikr thought he could be brought to their side due to his craziness.

However, if they really had no other choice, they may have to go for the first troublesome unit they could think of bringing over to their side at some point.

Subaru: [The question is, where is he? Where does that person usually live?]

Abel: [That one usually lives in Arakiya’s house in the Imperial Capital.]

Subaru: [I see, Arakiya’s… wait, why?]

It was said flatly, and Subaru’s understanding of Abel’s words was delayed for a few seconds.

Even Priscilla scowled in displeasure at the outlandishness of the content.

From what he had heard, Cecilus was the First, and Arakiya was the Second.

Subaru: [Does that mean that this Cecilus guy and Arakiya are lovers or something?]

If that were the case, the impression left by Subaru and the others who had repelled Arakiya could not have been worse.

Subaru and his team had successfully made enemies of both the First and Second.

However, Abel shook his head in response to Subaru’s question.

Abel: [No, that is not so. Arakiya is looking for an opportunity to kill Cecilus, but she cannot achieve such a thing if people around him are harmed every time she attempts to murder him. That is why I ordered Cecilus to do it.]

Subaru: [Ordered what?]

Abel: [If it was going to happen anyway, he should stay in places where it’s easy for Arakiya to go after him.]

Subaru: […I see?]

Even with a concrete explanation, their relationship was difficult for Subaru to understand.

He did not understand the mentality of letting his own Generals kill one another, and he also did not comprehend the idea of living in the house of someone who would try to kill oneself.

First of all――,

Subaru: [How can you live with someone who wants to kill you…?]

After he asked that, he felt as if he had spoken something strange, but he was incapable of finding the answer to that odd feeling, and Subaru quickly forgot his question.

Anyway, the fact that Cecilus usually lived in the Imperial Capital was now known.

Subaru: [So, the only way to get Cecilus on our side is to head to the Imperial Capital… Hey, you sure you’re okay to go all the way to the Imperial Capital?]

Abel: [Of course not. With the current status quo, if I were to get close to the Imperial Capital, it would be no different than advancing toward my own execution. More than that, I do not even know if Cecilus is in the Imperial Capital after all.]

Subaru: [Then we’re out of luck…]

When it came to matters of the Vollachian Empire, and even military matters, Subaru’s knowledge was useless.

Though, since Zikr, who was also a commissioned officer, had been the first to suggest it, it could be considered to be one of the better ideas they could come up with.

If that idea was rejected, Abel’s path would be bleak.

Subaru: […Yet this isn’t the time to be in a stalemate.]

A dark and heavy feeling began to assert itself in Subaru’s chest.

It was like a bittersweet stagnation, a lump of helplessness that would not vanish even if he banged his head against a wall, something like an aftereffect of Rem giving up on Subaru.

Because of it, Subaru had lost Rem’s trust.

He had to get rid of this stagnation as soon as possible and regain her trust. In order to do so, every second of time spent at a standstill was regrettable.

Abel: [――There is a way.]

However, the gnashing of Subaru’s teeth was halted due to these words of response from Abel.

One eye closed, Abel turned to face Subaru, the latter looking upwards as if he had been struck, and spoke――,

Abel: [Cease with that pathetic face, I am sick of seeing it. I have an idea.]

Subaru: [Sorry, but my face’s at the limit of what I can do with the character maker , without whaling for it. I don’t care about the inequality between such faces. What do you mean you have an idea?]

Abel: [It was part of Zikr’s idea. I shall adopt some of it.]

Zikr: [Some of my idea? I would be honored, but that is…?]

With furrowed thick eyebrows, Zikr displayed confusion upon hearing that his opinion would be utilized.

Subaru was just as confused as Zikr. In the first place, Zikr’s idea had been to recruit Cecilus, the First.

As long as they could not go to the Imperial Capital, they would be forced to reject that idea, and he thought that there were no other parts that could be used, outside of that.

To Subaru, who thought so, Abel exhaled via his nose, “Hmm.”

Abel: [I do not possess a chance to talk to Cecilus, but Zikr also stated. ――If there is someone else who does not think straight, there is a possibility.]

Zikr: [――Hk! Impossible… Your Excellency, that is dangerous! Please reconsider!]

Subaru: [Eh? Eh? Eh?]

Abel’s bold words were met with fierce opposition by a pale-faced Zikr.

Zikr’s fierce determination made Subaru’s eyes dart back and forth, and he was surprised to see what was going on.

Zikr seemed to have an idea of what was going on, but this seemed illogical to Subaru. From the way the conversation was flowing, it seemed as if he were going to talk to someone crazy――,

Subaru: [Is there anyone crazier than that General First-Class Cecilus no one likes?]

Zikr: [I would not label them crazy! But that person is too dangerous…!]

Al: […Well, I get what you’re saying Afro General, but from the way the conversation’s going, it’s one of the Nine Divine Generals, right? If you leave them out, is there anyone else you can count on? It’s not a situation in which you can be picky.] [1]

Zikr: [That is true, but…]

Subaru and Al spoke to him from both sides, and Zikr quieted down with a reluctant face.

Having seen the good-natured Zikr in suffering made Subaru feel as if they had done something wrong.

Rather, the problem lay with Abel’s personnel management, which had placed people in key positions that Zikr could not help but anguish over.

This was an example of how appointing people based on their abilities alone could lead to such tragedies.

Subaru: [In that respect, Lugunica was run pretty well… Basically, I’ve never come across a big shot who was a jerk… No, there was that old man who said bad things about Emilia-tan, but…]

In hindsight, that was also part of a statement born out of excessive fear of the Witch of Envy.

At the time, Subaru was a foolish hero who did not understand such circumstances and took on the challenge, equipped only with recklessness. Now, were he to encounter an identical situation, he would be better equipped to challenge it.

Of course, the option of not challenging someone over Emilia because of her bad reputation was not present for him.

Subaru: [So just who’s the cause of Zikr-san’s suffering?]

Abel: [What is with that foolish wording?]

Abel responded to Subaru’s question with a resentful look on his face.

Abel: [To answer your question, it is Yorna Mishigure, based in Chaosflame, the Demon City.]

Subaru: [Yorna Mishigure…]

Despite the unfamiliar name of the city, the person’s name was familiar to Subaru.

Yorna Mishigure was one of the Nine Divine Generals mentioned in the list, and he believed her nickname to be――,

Subaru: [She’s called t he Flamboyant, something like that, right?]

Al: [You’re good, bro. I don’t know how you managed to learn it in one shot.]

Subaru: [I like to memorize the nicknames of executive-level characters in manga and such. That said, this Yorna person is Zikr-san’s…]

As he said this, he glanced at Zikr, and Subaru became speechless.

Because Zikr’s face had gone pale, now covered by his hands.

Zikr: [The Seventh of the Nine Divine Generals, General First-Class Yorna Mishigure…]

Subaru: [Is she that dangerous? I thought the name was feminine, but…]

If his impression was correct, she would be a woman feared even by Zikr, renowned as the Womanizer, who acted like a gentleman even towards a Subaru only dressed as a woman.

He could not even envision what kind of spectacle was going to come out of her, but――,

Zikr: [She is beautiful. I am sure everyone can agree on that, not just me. However, General First-Class Yorna has a small… no, not a small, rather, an inexcusable problem.]

Subaru: [Well, what’s the problem?]

Zikr: [――It’s insurrection.]

Subaru & Al: [Eh?]

Subaru’s and Al’s voices overlapped with Zikr’s, as the words spilled from his mouth.

To Subaru’s dismay, who was suspecting that his ears had heard that wrong, Zikr covered his face with his hands and continued in a trembling voice.

Zikr: [General First-Class Yorna Mishigure has rebelled many times and threatened the reign of Emperor Vincent Vollachia.]

Subaru: [You can’t put someone like that in the position of army general!]

Subaru’s angry voice echoed through the conference hall for a second time.

△▼△▼△▼△

Priscilla: [――This affair seems to have been settled.]

After a while of listening to the ridiculous information about the Nine Divine Generals, and after Subaru’s angry shout, Priscilla adjudged that she had witnessed the conclusion of the discussion, and opened her fan with a snap.

Honestly, it was a conclusion Subaru wanted to object to, but――,

Abel: [There is no other option. As of now, the only one among the Nine Divine Generals who might join us is Yorna Mishigure.]

Subaru: [Didn’t she rebel against you because she didn’t like you in the first place…?]

Zikr: [No, actually, that would not be entirely true… It is impossible for me, at least, to know what she is thinking.]

Subaru: [If Zikr-san says as much, then it must be true…]

At the words of the trustworthy Zikr, Subaru had no choice but to retract his doubts.

And Abel, having heard this, sniffed disapprovingly and spoke.

Abel: [What is it with you and your willingness to listen to Zikr’s opinion?]

Subaru: [Even if the opinion’s the same, who said it is important. Do you think you have more credibility in my mind than Zikr-san does?]

Abel: [I see. But what happens if Zikr dies?]

Subaru: [Even though it’s a thought experiment, I’m going to kill you!]

He cursed at Abel for saying something so disturbing.

Taking Zikr’s loyalty into account, if Abel ordered him to do it, he may seriously commit suicide. Subaru was doing everything in his power to prevent such an incident from happening.

Anyway――,

Subaru: [Silly stuff aside, Chaosflame… where is it? Is it far from Guaral?]

Abel: [Not in terms of location. That is another reason as to why it is an appropriate place to head towards. It is located southeast of here… and south of the Buddheim Jungle.]

Subaru: [I see, indeed…]

Having been shown the location on the map on the desk, Subaru was convinced by Abel’s explanation.

The location of Chaosflame lay south of the jungle where the People of Shudraq lived―― the distance was larger than that between Jungle and Guaral, but it was a destination far more realistic than the one till the Imperial Capital or the land further west.

Subaru: [And then there’s why it’s called the Demon City…]

Priscilla: [Rest assured, foolish commoner. It is not because of a reason that shall crush your minute heart. It is a city where many races have lived in chaos since ancient times. Vollachia is home to a much wider variety of races in comparison to Lugunica, but Chaosflame is a particularly eclectic mix.]

Subaru: [In chaos… and it’s the Demon City.]

Once that was said, the fact that the word “chaos” was connected to the city said to be “in chaos” made a lot of sense. [2]

Given that this was another world, it was probably just a coincidence.

Abel: [――In the Demon City, I shall add Yorna Mishigure, the Seventh of the Nine Divine Generals, to my army. I am certain you shall be able to open your heart… when that comes to pass, Priscilla.]

Priscilla: [That is fine. I am quite magnanimous. I shan’t add conditions afterwards.]

Subaru: [I thought you said something about generosity being out of stock earlier… No, never mind.]

With Priscilla’s glare falling on him, Subaru immediately withdrew his unnecessary remark.

And so, once the plan was properly settled upon――,

???: [――Abel, please take me with you .]

Subaru: [Taritta-san?]

Suddenly, Taritta stood up and pleaded with Abel.

Taritta had been seated in place of Kuna during the meeting, but she had never spoken up before this moment.

She was probably confused by the fact that she had to suddenly take over as Chieftain, but even now, her face had a deep sense of urgency plastered on it as she stared at Abel.

In response to her plea, Abel’s dark eyes narrowed.

Abel: [What shall you do? You have inherited the title of Shudraqian Chieftain from your sister. Regardless of your confidence, that will not change.]

Taritta: [I know , I know . I can’t refuse the position that my older sister has given to me . But I’m not strong enough to lead the Shudraq …]

Taritta looked downward, as she bit her lip and stared at her hands.

In her empty hands, what she clutched was probably the same thing that Subaru held in his heart―― that was, the sense of helplessness that tormented her.

Taritta: [Because I need … a chance to carry the position of Chieftain with pride .]

Abel: [――. Is that what you are looking for in travelling to Chaosflame?]

Taritta: [Yes, it is … is it no good ?]

Taritta’s voice lost some of its power, as if she had lost confidence in herself after saying that.

However, Subaru could understand the anxiety that Taritta was feeling, and what it really was.

After the sudden change in Chieftains, Taritta had been forced to play a major role, but she was not sure that she held the power befitting said role.

So, what she sought was a successful experience. With her own hands, she would seek results sufficient to convince herself, and a success story that would let her deem herself worthy.

――It was the same thing that Subaru was looking for right now.

Subaru: [Abel, I agree with her. Even if she succeeded Mizelda-san with such a mindset, I think Taritta-san wouldn’t be able to fulfill her potential…]

Abel: [――――]

Subaru: [Besides, we’re going to need an escort or ally along the way anyway, right? We know what Taritta-san’s capable of. We’re friends who rode into… town together in women’s clothing.]

Taritta: [Natsumi…]

He had rephrased it somewhere in the middle of it, but he declared what he wanted to.

Taritta appeared to be very impressed by Subaru’s decision to side with her. He was painfully aware of her hard work. Therefore, he wanted to be on her side.

Abel: [What shall the Shudraq do while you are gone?]

Taritta: [I will let my sister take over for a while . Kuna and Holly will be assisting her a lot . To protect Guaral we can’t move too many people .]

Abel: [So you thought about that much, whilst keeping quiet?]

Having listened to Taritta’s unrestrained answer, Abel assessed her thoughts.

Then Abel tapped his temple lightly with his finger,

Abel: [Only a few are heading for Chaosflame. Of course, as long as I am meeting with Yorna Mishigure, my presence is essential. But we shall not mount an attack.]

Subaru: [At most we can only take one escort…]

Abel: [Then I shall add you, Taritta. The rest――]

???: [――I’ve been listening!]

In the middle of Abel’s sentence, the door was thrown open with great force, and a figure stepped in with vigor.

It was Flop O’Connell, the good merchant who had unabashedly referred to the Emperor as his new friend, and who had no fear of the impertinence of interrupting said Emperor’s words.

Flop snorted, as he held the gaze of everyone in the room to himself.

Flop: [Miss Taritta, I’m very impressed with your spirit in volunteering for such a difficult role! I think it’s great that you’re finding your own way to tackle a big role out of the blue…!]

Taritta: [Ah, thank you , thank you very much , Flop…]

Flop: [I’d like to make a suggestion to keep you and Village Chief-kun safe on the road. ――I think it’d be a good idea to take my sister, Medium, with you!]

Finger held high, Flop asserted forcefully.

Subaru almost unintentionally nodded in agreement because of his vigor, but upon examining what he had stated, it was a rather abrupt suggestion.

Subaru: [So, what’s on your mind?]

Flop: [Yeah, yeah, I guess that’s the question. Now let me give y’all my reasons for recommending Medium! First of all, she’s skilled, and then she’s charming. On top of that, she’s a smooth talker!]

Subaru: [Smooth talker…!]

Flop: [She speaks pleasantly and clearly, so your chats while traveling won’t be lonesome. She’s not shy, so she can get along with anyone. What do you think, isn’t she a gem?]

Flop, white teeth on display, praised his sister, but two-thirds of his confident selling points referred to Medium’s people-pleasing nature, and the only real selling point was that she was “skilled”.

In fact, Subaru had confirmed that this one point was accurate, however――,

Subaru: [But, have you talked to Medium-san about it?]

Flop: [No, I haven’t! But I’m going to tell her now, so it’s okay!]

Subaru: […Is this okay?]

It was no travel consultation nor a promise of fun.

Although she would be thrown into a role where her life would be on the line, would discussing it with her later work out? If this were to cause a rift in the relationship between the siblings, it would indeed be painful for Subaru.

However, he was afraid that he could picture them laughing and being okay with it.

Subaru: [Assuming that Medium-san’s okay with it, Abel, what about you?]

Abel: [――. I have witnessed that she possesses the right skills. If she performs her role, I have no objection.]

Flop: [Then you can rest assured! My sister’s one who basically gives her all to whatever she’s told to do! But be careful, she doesn’t get too worked up if she’s not told to.]

Putting his hands on his hips, Flop laughed gaily, “Hahahaha!”.

It could be inferred from the way he’d stated that, and from Abel’s attitude. ――This time, Flop would not be included in the group that would accompany them to Chaosflame.

Subaru: [But… Medium-san, doesn’t have to go with us, you know.]

Flop: [Don’t be silly, Husband-kun, I have a goal. There’s some revenge that must be done, that must be served.]

Subaru: […Oh, right.]

Those were the dangerous words that spilled out of Flop’s mouth, but he knew that they were by no means dangerous thoughts, but rather directed towards an outrageous absurdity even the cheerful Flop could not forgive.

Flop’s goodness, which had gone unheard of by Subaru in this world―― that was the reason why Subaru trusted him and had been able to spend time with him until today.

Flop: [It’s the same for my sister. My sister and I have the same goal, and the same path to walk. If I abandon you, Wife-san, and Village Chief-kun here, I wouldn’t be able to hold my head high anymore.]

Subaru: [――. I’m going to cry. I’m going to fall in love with you.]

Flop: [Hahaha, that’s a gut-wrenching thing to hear from you Husband-kun, in that outfit! But you can’t do that, because it’d be bad for Wife-san. But I’ll take your feelings!]

Even the way he dealt with it was cool, and Subaru could only admire it.

Perhaps Medium would be willing to follow Flop’s words. In other words, one of their companions in the trip to Chaosflame would be Medium.

Flop: [Miss Taritta, be good to my sister. Hey, you got along well with me, so I’m sure you’ll get along well with my sister.]

Taritta: [Y- yes … Please take care of yourself too …]

Flop: [Hm? Yes, I’ll do my best with Zikr-san and the rest of the Shudraqians!]

Flop slapped himself on the chest as Taritta fidgeted and looked down.

With a smile on his face, Subaru cleared his throat.

Subaru: [By the way, I’m…]

Abel: [I shall be leaving you behind.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Abel: [Did you really believe I would say such a thing?]

When Subaru tried to confirm, Abel threw a feint in bad taste at him.

Even though he was enraged by it, he reacted as if he wanted to be take along, so Subaru did his best to hold back and kept silent by clenching his teeth.

Snickering at Subaru, Abel prefaced his remarks with, “Unfortunately, though,”.

Abel: [You are already a bargaining chip. As long as it is imperative for us to append Yorna Mishigure, no talks can be held without your presence.]

Subaru: [I’ll definitely punch you in the side of the head when all’s done and dusted, but… I’m a bargaining chip?]

Abel: [The fall of Guaral was of your design. Those circumstances shall soon be known. I shall make sure that happens.]

Subaru: [What?]

Not grasping the meaning of Abel’s words, Subaru was bewildered.

There was no doubt that the fall of the Fortress City had been Subaru’s plan, but he did not understand the advantage of going through the trouble of making it known.

Basically, being underestimated was Natsuki Subaru’s starting point.

Priscilla: [―― That there is someone else who can be utilized besides Abel, we must make her think so.]

It was Priscilla who answered Subaru’s question in a straightforward manner.

Hearing her words, comprehension slowly seeped into Subaru’s mind.

Priscilla: [Of course, that encompasses not only this foolish commoner. The People of Shudraq from the Buddheim Jungle, and the defender of the Fortress City of Guaral, General Second-Class Zikr Osman, are likewise material for negotiations. But the best one would be…]

Abel: [The military strategist who assisted in bringing the city down… As I had stated. In the Empire, the strong are respected. It is not merely about brute force, but intelligence as well.]

Subaru: [――――]

That was why Natsuki Subaru had value, Abel and Priscilla assured this.

Honestly, from Subaru’s point of view, it was a very complicated assessment.

On one hand, he was bothered to be so highly praised.

But on the other hand, it also seemed to be an overestimation. In fact, in spite of this high evaluation, Subaru had lost the trust of Rem, and felt the ground under him collapse.

No matter how highly he was regarded in the Empire, it was nothing compared against Rem’s trust.

For this reason, Subaru’s heart was not moved by Abel and Priscilla’s evaluation.

However――,

Subaru: [If I’m useful, that’s fine. Use me well. In return…]

Abel: [In return?]

Subaru: [You’ll definitely get the throne of the Emperor back. And you’ll get us back home safely.]

Subaru firmly stated that this was the only thing he would not compromise on.

Having heard this, Abel’s eyes widened slightly, and then he let out a long breath.

Abel: [Being told that is needless. ――That is what I am supposed to do.]

And so he answered.

Translation notes: [1] This isn’t translation flair or anything, Al literally calls Zikr “アフロの将”, Afro General.

[2] “Chaosflame” is composed by two English words, “chaos” (カオス) and “flame” (フレーム) (or possibly frame). That is what Subaru is alluding to here.

--- Chapter 33: Now, Onto the Journey towards the Demon City ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――He would use what he could, to reclaim the Imperial Throne of Vollachia.

He would not only use the Fortress City of Guaral, but also the People of Shudraq, General Second-Class Zikr Osman, and of course, Natsuki Subaru.

Yes, Abel had just nodded his head in agreement to Subaru’s confirmation.

Priscilla: [――This affair seems to have been settled.]

Priscilla so muttered after seeing the conclusion of the meeting, covering her mouth with her opened fan.

Just as she had stated, the meeting had come to a consensus. The victory conditions were understood by all, their future course of action was decided, and their next destination and goal were set.

And then――,

Subaru: [If it’s just a select few that are going to Chaosflame, what about the others? Currently, it’s just me, Abel, Taritta-san, and Medium-san…]

Al: [――On that note, can I say one thing?]

Subaru: [Al?]

Subaru was about to select the final members for their next destination, the Demon City of Chaosflame, when Al butted in.

He raised the hand of his lone arm, then scratching the back of his own neck with said lifted hand.

Al: [Princess, can I step away from your reins for a moment? I wanna stay with bro’s group.]

Subaru: [Ueh?]

Al: [Oh, come on, your voice’s cracking, bro. Is it really all that surprising?]

In response to that unexpected proposal, Subaru’s voice cracked, which prompted a quiver from Al’s throat.

But even though he had stated so like it was nothing, Subaru couldn’t just voice his agreement.

Subaru: [Wh-why…?]

Al: [I told you everything, didn’t I? I said I’d help you, bro. Even a doddering old man like me can be useful in some way.]

Subaru: [You… You were that serious?]

Al answered by shrugging his burly shoulders, and Subaru thought back to the talk he’d had with him before joining the meeting, and was surprised at how he had adhered to the conversation they’d had.

It was true that he had encouraged him, it was true that he had raised his spirits, and it was true that he had pushed him onwards.

However, he had not expected him to go as far as seriously saying he would “cooperate”.

Al: [Heh, why are you frozen stiff? Did my offer impress you that much?]

Subaru: […No, shelving away my initial surprise, I haven’t heard anything about you being strong, Al, and with me and Abel, the ratio of men-to-women in our group’s just awful.]

Al: [Sorry if I got your hopes up, but I’m a lot weaker than the amazon nee-chan over there!]

Pointing at Taritta with a snap, Al proudly assured him that he was fairly pathetic.

In fact, Taritta’s ability probably ranked among the best in the People of Shudraq, but after witnessing the battle with a member of the Nine Divine Generals, she was a rather unreliable battle reinforcement.

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [Still, I’m glad to hear you say that. I’ll accept your sentiment.]

Al: [Ha, don’t worry about it, bro… Huh? Just the sentiment? Are you turning me down gently, perhaps? Are you saying we’re not tied together this time?]

Al had endless questions about Subaru’s response, but there was no mistaking how he took it.

He was really happy about the offer, but this was the Vollachian Empire. In the first place, more so than Flop and Medium, that Al was participating in the war was purely by chance――,

Priscilla: [――Al.]

Al: [Yeah, Princess.]

While Subaru made his conclusions, a beautiful voice next to him unexpectedly called out Al’s name.

The owner of the voice was, of course, Priscilla Barielle, who sat proudly at the roundtable. She squinted her crimson eyes and turned her emotionless gaze to Al.

To her own follower Al, who had just announced his next move,

Priscilla: [You were the one who offered to accompany me to the Fortress City, were you not? And now you wish to leave me, and go on an amusement trip with your clownish friend?]

Al: [I don’t think it’s gonna be a carefree trip, but that’s the plan. Or are you gonna miss me, Princess? If you’d like to hug me and hold me back, go right ahead…]

Priscilla: [Nonsense.]

Al: [Riiight.]

Al’s light-hearted comment was interrupted with a snarky remark, and he sagged down. It looked he hadn’t been expecting much anyway.

While staring at the top of Al’s head through his helmet, Priscilla let out a small breath and said,

Priscilla: [――Dance well, as best you can.]

Al: [Oh, I gotcha. Princess’s the one who shouldn’t be careless just because Schult and I ain’t around. Princess’s beauty is the world’s beauty.]

Priscilla: [I needn’t be told that. Who do you take me for?]

Al: [Of course, you’re the center of the world, my Princess, Priscilla Barielle.]

Al said those pretentious words in a droll tone and bowed frivolously in front of Priscilla. Then he turned around and raised his hand to Subaru, saying “Let’s go”.

Subaru: [What, that exchange made everything final? What about my opinion?]

Al: [What’s with all the reluctance? It’s depressing. Or is it just that I haven’t noticed that I smell like an old man? Like, is it a pain for you to be around me?]

Subaru: [I’m not talking about that. I mean, what gives you the right to decide…?]

Al: [No, of course you’re free to refuse, you know. But how can I refuse? ――It’s the Princess, yeah?]

Al cocked his chin, indicating Priscilla, who was fanning her face.

This regal behavior was the overwhelming basis for Al’s words. To overturn Priscilla’s decision, just how terrifying would that be.

Nevertheless, if it’d lead to uncertainty in the future, refusal was not an option.

Subaru: [Priscilla, I’m…]

Abel: [――I do not mind. He may follow us if need be.]

Subaru: [Abel, damn you, you’re not treating me like a military strategist!]

However, just as Subaru was about to present his opinion to Priscilla, he was shot in the back again.

Subaru glared at Abel, who had interrupted him, and he, too, crossed his arms proudly as he opposed the former. Like Priscilla, he intended to stubbornly fulfill his intentions here as well.

However, Subaru had no choice but to appeal directly to him with the argument that the terms of employment were different.

Subaru: [What’s the point of being a military strategist if my opinions aren’t even taken into account?]

Abel: [Do not be presumptuous. If your opinion were worth listening to, I would listen to it. Nevertheless, I am the one who calls the final shots. I would not entrust it to you.]

Subaru: [ Gnnh , are you a nasty boss who takes away the fruits of his workers’ labor…?]

Abel: [Do not force me to repeat myself. ――The results are yours. They must be.]

Subaru: [————]

――The Emperor who had been ousted from his throne had a wise person following him that could not be underestimated.

What Abel wanted was a Subaru with such a reputation. And he was willing to give Subaru credit and exaggerate a bit to get it.

But that was no different than building up a myth.

Subaru: [Being a fake isn’t good enough. It’s got to be the real thing, or I’ll never get back what I lost.]

Abel: [――. If such is the case, then do attempt to convince me and everyone else with your own actions. If you cannot achieve it, it remains as a foolish and delusional remark harboring great ambitions.]

Subaru: [Bastard, I’ll do it. I’ll put any useless loans to good use.]

Biting down hard on his molars, Subaru replied peering into Abel’s cold black eyes.

Even though they were facing the same direction, they did not have a relationship where they could lower their guard around each other. Rather than the difference in the soil they stood on, as in the Kingdom and the Empire, it was something bigger that seemed to be the reason for such a divide.

As long as that was the case, he may disagree with Abel on a crucial point.

And once that happened, Natsuki Subaru――,

Al: […Perhaps he meant me as a useless loan, Princess?]

Priscilla: [Fool.]

Priscilla only briefly responded to Al, who slumped his shoulders and muttered that.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The members of the expedition to the Demon City of Chaosflame had been decided, and the plan was set in motion.

Abel: [Get the soldiers of the Fortress City together by the time I return. I shall send word back soon.]

Zikr: [I will, even if it costs me my life.]

Receiving Abel’s command, Zikr knelt down on one knee and reverently obeyed it.

Zikr, who had unexpectedly found himself in the position of an enemy of the mighty Empire, had no hesitation in his stance, but, naturally, that did not apply to the entirety of the city’s troops.

In order to unify their intentions and bring them together as a single army, the efforts of the Generals would be essential. In that sense, Zikr’s presence was a boon.

Subaru: [Zikr-san, I know this is a lot of work, but…]

Zikr: [No, this is the role that I, as a General, am supposed to play. It is nothing compared to the Bloodless Siege.]

Subaru: [————]

Subaru cast his eyes down at Zikr’s words, who gave a strong and proud smile.

Subaru’s track record was that he had set up a bloodless siege, claimed he could do it, and failed miserably. As a result, he had failed to meet Rem’s expectations and had caused her disappointment.

However, Zikr smiled at Subaru’s work.

Zikr: [Do not be discouraged, you proposed the Bloodless Siege, and His Excellency approved it. And the fact is that I and my subordinates joined your ranks without shedding a single drop of blood.]

Subaru: [Without shedding a drop of blood, that’s…]

An exaggerated expression , yet Subaru choked upon seeing the bandage wrapped around Zikr’s injury. But Zikr’s cheeks relaxed, and then he forcibly peeled off his own bandage.

The bloodstained bandage was removed, revealing the wound on his arm.

Zikr: [For a Soldier, this is merely a scratch. Moreover, you should be proud. Because, as a result of your efforts, the number of Generals and Soldiers fighting for His Excellency has not decreased.]

Subaru: [————]

Zikr: [You are to do your duty. ――Miss Natsumi.]

Subaru knew not if he would be able to respond properly to those words from Zikr.

However, even though Subaru could not give praise to himself outright, he had a newfound fondness for Zikr’s character for finding something to praise, and the fact that he had not allowed his death was an achievement.

And――,

???: [――Are you sure you want to go?]

Subaru: [————]

???: [No, that was something ridiculous to say. Forget it.]

And with that, Rem, whose eyes could not hide her fatigue, shook her head.

Rem stood at the entrance of the City Hall with her cane. She was not dressed in traveling gear, but in the light vestment of a healing practitioner scrambling around to help the wounded.

Rem would remain in Guaral.

It was a temporary separation from Subaru, who was on his way to Chaosflame.

Before parting, Subaru smiled at that comment from Rem, who had come to see him off. Even though he knew it was out of concern, he couldn’t help it.

Subaru: [Well, it’s not all been good, but it’s hard on me for you to tell me to forget something about you.]

Rem: [Oh, I didn’t mean to…]

Subaru: [Because everything you’ve given me, whether a strangled neck or a broken finger, is a precious memory that I can’t live without.]

Rem: [Huh?]

He had not meant to make fun of her, but he ended up being pierced by Rem’s glaciated eyes.

When he thought back to the events that had impacted him since he was sent to Vollachia, it was just that many of the memories that popped into his mind held a powerful pang of pain and suffering.

Of course, there were many, many memories of hope and joy that he had stored deep in his heart, such as the fact that he had been able to come to terms with Rem and that she cared for him.

――But the most painful memories were stored in the same place, too.

Rem: [You’re not nervous… Are you really alright?]

Subaru: [You know, it’s exhausting to be tense all the time… If you’re asking me if I’m okay, I’d say I’ve got a lot on my mind. If I could, I’d stay by your side forever.]

Rem: [Haa.]

Subaru: [An indifferent reply! No, I’m just glad you’re not ignoring me…]

He was hurt by that casual attitude, but the words Subaru told Rem were his true feelings.

There had been a great deal of last-minute agonizing over leaving Rem in Guaral. To be frank, even at this moment, he wanted to retract his previous statement, grab her by her slim arms, and whisk her away.

How good it would be to have Rem within Natsuki Subaru’s arm’s reach, to protect her from the hardships, fires, and every possible bad thing that could befall her?

Subaru: [In fact, I’d even like to tie you and me together the whole time with an unbreakable cord.]

Rem: [Are you serious…?]

Subaru: [Somewhat.]

Rem: [————]

Finally, he wasn’t even able to get her to say “Huh?”.

Of course, he knew that he would’ve been rejected had been serious about it, so he just went for it. It would be best if he could tie himself to Rem all the time, so that he would always know if she was safe and sound.

Depending on the situation, he may have to resort to the power he had awakened at Pleiades Watchtower——,

Subaru: [I’m not sure how to use Cor Leonis, either…]

Subaru’s new Authority, Cor Leonis, which had manifested at Pleiades Watchtower—— it was the ability to vaguely grasp the location and situation of his allies, with Subaru at the center. In addition, Cor Leonis allowed Subaru to take on the burden of his friends and keep them in good health.

Perhaps he could use his power to take the burden of Rem’s crippled legs and let her run around the fields and mountains in high spirits.

He didn’t want Rem to go out of reach by doing that, though.

Subaru: [————]

Rem: [Hey, why do you look so depressed all of a sudden?]

Subaru: [Nothing, I’m just self-loathing here.]

Rem pointed out, and Subaru sighed, holding his own deflated face in his hands.

It occurred to him that Rem’s limp had kept her in a place where she could not get away from Subaru. The fact that she was incapable of escaping was one of the things that kept Subaru and Rem from ending their relationship.

The fact that Rem was not in perfect shape made him think that he was lucky.

Subaru: [This is why Rem can’t trust me.]

Subaru was always thinking only of himself.

He wished to be gentler. He desired to be kind, smart, and strong. He had been working hard for the sake of everyone, and now that he had taken another good look at himself in the Tower, it was still not enough.

――He could not retrieve the Natsuki Subaru that Rem believed in.

Rem: [Um…?]

Subaru: [Sorry. I was getting a little sentimental .]

Rem: [ Sentchi -what, now?]

Subaru: [Don’t worry about it. It’s an expression that’s only understood by Al and… my hometown.]

Rem frowned slightly as Subaru shrugged his shoulders and replied. However, she rubbed her eyes and erased the wrinkles, as if to put off the feelings growing inside her.

There must be a lot of conflicts within Rem. Even the fact that she had come out to see him off like this must have been something she had put a lot of thought into.

Subaru: [I’m not going to be away for long, because I won’t be able to stand it without you.]

Rem: […There you go doing that again.]

Subaru: [Ugh, I mean it though… If it makes you feel uncomfortable, I’ll restrain myself as much as I can.]

Rem: [You’re not going to try to stop, are you?]

Subaru’s shoulders slumped in remorse as he was met with a stare.

Of course, he did not want to offend Rem nor to make her uncomfortable. But that would not stop his strong feelings for Rem from overflowing.

No matter what Subaru, who had disappointed Rem, said.

Subaru: [Good luck, and I’ll be back soon. I’ll bring back good news.]

Rem: […Yes, I’m looking forward to Abel-san, Medium-san and Taritta-san.]

Subaru: [Setting aside Al, what about me?]

Rem: [————]

Subaru asked, just to be sure, but the temperature of Rem’s gaze remained unchanged.

However, Subaru must have looked very miserable with that answer, because Rem fell silent for a while, then let out a small breath as if giving up, and stated,

Rem: [It’d be a lot better if I were to talk about believing or not believing in you.]

Subaru: [You’re not talking about believing or not believing…]

Rem: [As usual the evil smell still hasn’t faded, but that’s not the problem.]

Subaru: [That’s not the problem…?]

Rem’s pale-blue eyes continue to do so, a glint of disbelief in them that would not vanish.

They were going to be separated from each other, even if merely temporarily. Her distrust—— even though he was aware that its origin had been Subaru’s blunder in Guaral, he wished to get rid of it, even if but a tad.

Not so much for Subaru’s own sake, but for the sake of Rem’s feelings as she waited in the city.

Subaru: [Tell you what, Rem, I’ll do the best I can. How can I help you get rid of your anxiety, or whatever it is?]

Rem: […Well, why are you still dressed like that then?]

Subaru: [Eh!?]

Subaru looked down at himself as Rem spoke so with scornful eyes.

A wig with long sable hair, white powder to hide flaws, an outfit carefully designed to hide his body’s contours, and ornaments that were not overly flamboyant——,

Subaru: [Is there something strange about it…?]

Rem: [One of the strange things is that there’s nothing strange about it, and one of the strange things is that you’re still dressed like that even when you’re leaving the Fortress City. What defense do you have for that?]

Subaru: [No, that’s why I explained to you that this is something that needs to be done!]

While watching the temperature of Rem’s eyes plummet, Subaru let out a sound like a shriek as he continued his Natsumi Schwartz shtick.

It was completely unexpected that this outfit was playing a role in her disbelief, but as he had relayed to Rem, there was a good reason for this.

Subaru: [Rem, I already told you yesterday, we’re people from a neighboring country. And if my real name gets out, I’m going to be in danger across this country. That’s why I need it. I can’t be the real me, I must be Natsumi Schwartz…!]

Rem: [Huh, I see.]

Subaru: [A reply that doesn’t dispel your disbelief at all!]

The temperature of Rem’s eyes did not change, and in fact, she grew ever more distrustful.

However, this was a countermeasure devised in earnest after weighing up Subaru’s situation and the role he had been assigned.

――The name “Natsuki Subaru”, could not be permitted to gain a reputation in the Vollachian Empire.

Natsuki Subaru was already Emilia’s knight, a major figure in the Kingdom of Lugunica. In other words, what he was doing now would undeniably count as impressive interference in the internal affairs of a neighboring country.

Subaru: [Interfering in another country’s internal affairs isn’t about being impressive or whatever.]

Whatever the case, the important point was that the consequences of Subaru’s actions, and the responsibility for them, did not rest with Subaru alone. ――Bluntly, it might cause trouble for Emilia.

As her knight, Subaru, who had sworn to help her on her way to becoming the Monarch, could never allow her to be dragged down like that.

Subaru: [That’s where Natsumi Schwartz comes in. It doesn’t matter how well-known Natsumi becomes. Natsumi will just be a beautiful black-haired girl who suddenly appeared in the Vollachian Empire.]

Rem: [Are you finished?]

Subaru: [Not yet, no! Also, I wager that … Natsumi Schwartz’s name will leave a chance for my friends in Lugunica to notice me.]

Rather, that was the main reason for assuming the pseudonym of “Natsumi Schwartz”.

This instance in the Vollachia Empire did not mark the first time that Subaru had dressed up as a woman and called himself “Natsumi Schwartz”. There had been a time when he’d dressed up as a woman not as a sideshow at Roswaal’s mansion―― but out of necessity, and his true identity had been known to everyone except Emilia.

The alias he had given at that time had been the same one. In other words, in the future, if Subaru’s existence became renowned in the Empire as Abel had hoped, and if the name that spread were to be that of “Natsumi Schwartz,” Emilia and the gang may have the opportunity to know that Subaru and the others have been sent to the Empire.

Hence――,

Subaru: [I’m dressed like this out of necessity.]

Rem: [――. ――――. ――――――――. I understand.]

It took quite a while, but he was relieved that Rem understood his approach.

Anyway, that was the reason why Subaru’s crossdressing would be maintained for a little while longer. He did not want to undermine Rem’s trust by having it prolong itself, but that would depend on the situation.

Subaru: [Rem, if you have a problem, talk to Flop-san or Zikr-san. If it’s too difficult for a man, Mizelda-san and the others are there. Don’t keep it all to yourself.]

Rem: [It doesn’t make sense for you to say that, but I’ll consider it… You as well, please try not to bother Abel-san or Medium-san.]

Subaru: [I’ll just watch my back.]

Medium and Taritta aside, Subaru was not going to shy away from burdening Abel.

Once in a while, Abel should have his cool demeanor broken, struggle, and break a sweat.

Once they had said their goodbyes and passed a few words of caution, it was time to depart.

Repressing the difficulty of leaving before the journey――,

Subaru: [Rem, where’s that girl?]

Rem: [You mean Louis-chan? I think she’s with Utakata right now…]

Subaru: [I see.]

Rem: […You don’t want me to go and get her, do you?]

The tone of her voice dropped, and Rem gave him a questioning look.

The tone of her voice was not pleasant, though she knew Subaru’s intentions. Rather, the tone was one of deep-seated irritation and bitterness.

Since the battles at the City Hall, Subaru’s suspicions about Louis had remained unchanged, despite the fact that they’d had very little contact in their hectic schedule. In fact, his suspicions were never cleared up.

Even though she seemed to have a soft spot for Rem and Utakata, and was getting along well with the Shudraqians and the others, there was no telling when and where she might reveal her true nature.

In that sense, he was worried about leaving Louis behind.

It was just that――,

Rem: [You’ve already been keeping your eyes away from her for the entire duration of the mission to take down Guaral already, right?]

Subaru: [————]

Rem: [After all this time, it’s still at this.]

Upon being told that by Rem, Subaru had no words to reply.

If Louis was going to take any action, she had already possessed several chances to do so. So it was probably useless to keep on being wary of Louis.

Subaru: [For the time being, I’ve already told Kuna and the others that they should remain vigilant.]

Rem: [Stubborn…]

A minute whisper of a word, and having caught it, Subaru mulled over it for a moment.

The reason why he had not disclosed Louis’s true nature and dangerous powers to Rem in the first place, was because she had no basis whatsoever to believe Subaru’s story. To lose Rem’s trust and alienate her by telling her about Louis’s situation was not within his wishes.

But what about now?

Their relationship had improved and she listened to him, albeit coldly. Maybe now she would not be so dismissive when he talked about Louis’ true nature.

Subaru: […No, don’t do anything stupid.]

Subaru shook his head and rejected the idea that had faintly popped into his head.

She might believe him, but even then it would be pointless. Thus far, Louis had not revealed her true colors. It was hard to believe that she would give away her true nature as soon as he talked to Rem. The situation would remain the same.

It would only make Subaru feel better, but in turn, it would increase Rem’s anxiety.

There was no need to do that.

Rem: […What’s with that face?]

Subaru: [Yeah, I was just hoping that only good fortune rains down on Rem’s life.]

Rem: [Huh?]

Rem’s line of sight became narrower, as Subaru attempted to keep the warmth welling up inside him at bay.

However, if he tried to say something, the conversation would go on and on and on and on.

???: [――Bro! It’s high time we left.]

So said Al, leaning against the carriage, waving his lone hand.

Behind him was a carriage and a single horse-like creature boasting a body as sizable as the carriage―― a creature called a Galewind Horse, which was said to pull them along their journey.

Rem: [I’ve heard that it’s a rare animal in Vollachia, it seems it’s only given to Generals…]

Subaru: [Zikr-san lent it to me. She’s actually female, so he’s consistent…]

Rem: [Consistent…?]

Rem tilted her head, seemingly unconvinced by Subaru’s words.

This was how Rem reacted to Subaru’s words, for better or worse. Such happy circumstances would have to be put on hold for a while.

Al: [Oiii, bro?]

Rem: [Um, Al-san is calling for you.]

Subaru: [Yeah, I know. I’m aware of that…]

Rem: [――?]

Subaru: [The soles of my shoes think it’s hard to leave your side and lift off the ground… Ouch, ouch, ouch!]

The tip of the cane poked his back, and the sole of the shoe that should have been attached to the ground, left it. He was forced to take two or three more steps forward, opening the distance between him and Rem.

The distance between them became real.

Subaru: [Rem, I’ve told you many times…]

Rem: [I’ll be careful. I’ll also be vigilant. If I’m in trouble, I’ll turn to someone else. Goodbye.]

Subaru: [Uhh…]

Subaru’s shoulders slumped and he wilted as he was told goodbye in a harsh fashion. Directing her eyes towards him, Rem sighed deeply and said,

Rem: [Take care, and have a good trip. I’ll be waiting for your return.]

Subaru: [Oh…]

Rem: [I’m not going to disappear all of a sudden… There are people other than you I trust.]

She added onto it, and Subaru reflected on it carefully.

Then he shook his head several times, even as Rem frowned in disgust, and,

Subaru: [——I’m off!]

And with a big wave of his hand, he was sent off by Rem.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [————]

The carriage was moving away, passing through the main gate of the Fortress City and disappearing into the distance.

The carriage was headed southeast of the city, to the Demon City of Chaosflame, where one of the most powerful people in the Empire was based, and the focus was on whether or not they could persuade that person to join them.

To be honest, if it meant recruiting someone, the choice to take Subaru with them was questionable.

???: […I am certain that anyone would agree that you are putting in effort.]

With her cane, Rem squinted at the tracks of the carriage, which was no longer visible.

Subaru had been in a joking mood up until the moment they parted. He had made all sorts of excuses, but all Rem could think of was that he did not want to stop dressing as a woman.

Of course, it did not signify that she believed all of the excuses to be lies.

???: [They have parted. The city shall be a little more airy once the boisterous ones have left. I am not sure however, if they shall be bringing back good news, or Abel’s head.]

Rem: [——Priscilla-san.]

Suddenly, a voice called out from behind Rem as she stood there.

Without even needing to turn around, a beautiful woman who made a vivid impression in red stepped out beside her—— Priscilla, wearing a luxurious dress and sparingly exposing her violent beauty.

Rem had not held a conversation with her since the latter had saved her life from Arakiya’s rampage, during her assault on the City Hall.

So with her suddenly speaking to Rem, her confusion and bewilderment grew stronger.

Rem: […Thank you very much.]

Priscilla: [Hmm, what is this gratitude in regard to?]

Rem: [For what happened yesterday, at the City Hall. I was saved from that woman, Arakiya. Not only me, but everyone else as well. Thanks to you.]

Priscilla: [I saved many lives you say? In my opinion, the credit for saving their lives goes to you. You used your talent and skills to save those who were dying. It was not my intention to show mercy to them. Do not take the liberty of twisting mine actions.]

Rem: [I didn’t mean to…]

Rem thought to herself as she tried to say that she did not.

It was a bad habit to prematurely judge the thoughts and actions of others and their intentions, and try to fit them into one’s own mold. She remembered many times of such a thing, not pertaining only to Priscilla.

Considering her lost memories, she had only been alive for about two weeks.

Rem: [————]

Priscilla: [So, you will not state anything in riposte? That too, is an extremely dull decision, is it not?]

Rem: […I’m sorry. I thought you were right. But I guess you can’t twist the fact that I’m grateful to you, either?]

Priscilla: [Hoh?]

Speaking with interest, Priscilla pulled out a fan from her cleavage. Then opening it with a rapport, she hid her own shapely lips.

However, in her unconcealed eyes, there was a light of pleasure and opportunity that could not be concealed.

Priscilla: [I had heard that you had lost yourself, but… How dare you speak back to me?]

Rem: [Lost myself isn’t quite the right expression. Just because I can’t remember, doesn’t mean it’s gone.]

Placing a hand on her chest, Rem defended herself from Priscilla’s words.

If she had indeed disappeared, it would be no different from a dream unreachable by anyone. But Rem’s lost memories were not gone. They were not in Rem, but in Subaru, who was desperately trying to attain them again.

If what he had stated was true, she had a twin sister.

She wondered if there was any trace of the person she had been before she lost her memories in that sister, or if there was any trace of her in the friends that Subaru had talked about, in the people she had not yet seen.

If Rem could be satisfied with the fact that everything in her was gone, and that everything was building up from where there was nothing, then——,

Rem: [——Were I able to do that, my heart wouldn’t be aching so much.]

Priscilla: [————]

Rem: [All the time, every second, I’m reminded of it. Every time I look into his eyes, I know I’m betraying his expectations.]

Of course, Subaru probably did not mean to do that.

The stench was so thick and intense to the point it was difficult to even regard him—— and whenever she peeked at it, his face was always desperate.

And that desperation was directed at the version of herself that had disappeared, not the Rem that remained.

Rem: [How selfish of me. I’m disgusted with myself…]

So she could not tell him that she was relieved to be apart, she found it difficult to tell him, who wished to not be separated from her.

And not only was she relieved, but also had this disgusting feeling.

Priscilla: [——What had you stated to be your name?]

Rem: [Eh?]

Priscilla: [Your name. Surely you shall not tell me you have likewise lost your name? But then again, you are not nameless, you are certainly called by your name. I am quite certain it is…]

Priscilla raised her gaze slightly, searching the void for an answer to her question.

Perhaps she would remember Rem’s name. Even in the short time she had been present here, Rem could sense that she was a very intelligent person.

At the same time, she was also a very mean person.

Hence――,

Rem: [――It’s Rem.]

And before Priscilla could say the wrong name on purpose, Rem said it herself.

Even though her memories had vanished, and there was no sign of them returning, and even though she was separated from the people who knew her in the past, at least the name she had been called and recognized for the past two weeks was real.

Priscilla: [Interesting.]

Priscilla muttered shortly after hearing that answer.

She then closed her fan with a snap, and lifted Rem’s chin with the tip of the closed fan ever so gently. Pierced by the crimson eyes up in front of her, Rem’s throat was scorched by that heated gaze.

But even though she was unable to word it, she stared back with intent in her eyes.

Priscilla: [Rem, I shall be keeping you by my side for a while.]

Rem: […By your side?]

Priscilla: [You may have the background and ambition, but not the ability. Your ugly healing magic shall be rehabilitated by me in moderation. Then it shall become something you may lay your eyes upon.]

Rem: [——! You’re going to teach me how to heal?]

Priscilla: [Nonsense. I hold no background in the healing arts. I only have an eye for beauty. I shall know what you are lacking when I see it.]

Rem: [————]

The answer that came back was not the one Rem had expected, but in a way it was either more than she expected, or very far from what she had expected.

However, if Rem’s only current skill—— the healing magic able to heal others, could then be utilized, it was worth relying on Priscilla’s words.

If only she had more power, she thought. It was something she regretted not having.

Rem: [But, Priscilla-san, aren’t you returning to your base?]

Priscilla: [I shan’t. I have also attached that Al fellow to Abel. It shall not be long before we see whether the conditions I have imposed on him can be met. I shall wait here. There will be some inconveniences, but… I shall summon Schult to resolve them.]

Rem: [Ha, haa…]

Rem was unaware of what was tugging at her heartstrings, but Priscilla had settled on staying in Guaral. Either way, it would be helpful to have her as a mentor.

There were still many people in this city in need of Rem’s poor healing skills. She could not leave the city without tending to them.

Priscilla: [Now, with that decided, prepare a room for me. I shall allow Schult to take care of the details, but we require a place to spend today and tomorrow.]

Rem: [I understand. I’ll have it ready for you right away.]

Priscilla gave orders as if she owned the place, but Rem didn’t feel like disobeying, so she obeyed.

Priscilla had a way of making others obey her, but Rem herself had no resistance to being ordered to do what needed to be done.

With a flurry of steps and a cane in hand, she returned to the City Hall and thought that she should consult with Zikr about Priscilla’s stay and the arrangements for her room.

The People of Shudraq were not used to city life as well, and so she felt bad that she had to rely on Zikr for so many things.

However, he was a man who would not refuse, who would label something impossible, if solicited by a woman.

???: [Ah, Ree, there you are .]

Rem: [Utakata-chan.]

Inside the City Hall, on the way to the office where Zikr would be, she ran into a girl looking out of the corridor window—— Utakata.

Upon noticing Rem’s appearance, Utakata smiled at her with a friendly face. Rem could not avoid smiling in return, her cheeks relaxing.

Rem: [I’m sorry, I’ve been kind of busy.]

Utakata: [Uu is fine , composed even . I’m more worried about Taa. She’s been wobbling around .]

Rem: [Taritta-san, right…]

Newly appointed as Chieftain, Taritta was accompanying Subaru and the others on their journey.

Even in the eyes of the young Utakata, Taritta must have looked shaky, almost crushed by her sudden assignment. Still, it was admirable of her to seek her own way out, and take the first step to gain confidence.

While Rem had remained crouched in place, whining that she had nothing, the people around her continued to move forward, leaving Rem behind.

She definitely did not wish to curse the world with her whining and drag everyone down alongside her.

Rem: [Taritta-san will be fine. So, Utakata-chan, the others, and I, will protect the place to which Taritta-san will come back.]

Utakata: [Mhm, got it ! Ree, you’re dependable .]

Rem: [I wonder. When you say that, I feel a little more confident.]

Rem’s cheeks relaxed slightly at Utakata’s unpretentious words.

Then suddenly, Rem noticed something strange and looked around. Utakata, standing in the aisle looking out the window, was alone. And there was no one else around.

It still seemed like an inappropriate environment for a child to be walking around on their lonesome, but she wasn’t trying to blame her for not being with an adult. ――Rather, it was something more fundamental.

Rem: [Are you alone, Utakata-chan? Where’s Louis-chan?]

Although she had been left to her own devices for a long time, Louis had grown quite fond of Utakata.

They were friends of the same age and seemed to have a comfortable relationship, which was why Utakata being alone was such a conspicuously uncomfortable situation.

Of course, she was probably overthinking this, but――,

Rem: [Isn’t Louis-chan with you?]

Utakata: [Yes! Lou already left .]

Rem: […Eh?]

Rem went stiff upon hearing Utakata’s words, the former’s head tilted back.

Stopping her thoughts from going blank for a moment, Rem did her best to use her brain to ascertain the truth of Utakata’s words.

Louis was not with her, so the meaning of Utakata’s words was――

Rem: [L-Louis-chan’s――]

Utakata: [Mm, she’s gone ! Uu helped her get into the carriage .]

And the brave and courageous Shudraq girl puffed up her chest with pride, speaking those words to Rem, in a completely nonchalant manner.

--- Chapter 34: A Quarrel in the Carriage ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

The carriage moved slowly, but not to the extent of being idyllic, down the road.

The chestnut-haired Galewind Horse, swinging its huge body with a delicacy that belied its sturdy figure, was carefully escorting the carriage carrying Subaru and the others.

Subaru: [How predictable, we’ve got Leidy, who isn’t quite lady … Given it’s Zikr-san’s beloved horse.]

Subaru recalled this as he looked at the Galewind Horse as it dashed, its master in the forefront of his mind.

Zikr’s beloved horse, which they had borrowed, was named Leidy ―― a name very close in meaning to “lady”, and a surprisingly fateful one for a person dubbed the Womanizer.

In any case, thanks to Leidy’s efforts, the group’s journey to the Demon City of Chaosflame had been progressing smoothly. If things continued at this pace, they expected to arrive in about four days.

Subaru: [But it’s not just about arriving, you know. Not only the reputation of the member of the Nine Divine Generals we’re going to meet, but the sound of the name “Demon City” is also scary in the first place.]

The Demon City, a city bearing the word “demon” in its name. It seemed unlikely to be a simple matter.

He’d gotten word that it was a melting pot of a diverse mix of races, but was that enough to crown the city with the words “chaos” and “demon”?

With the fact that one of the Nine Divine Generals, someone who often caused a rebellion, was in charge included, there was the impression that they were only trying to urge on Subaru’s sense of danger. ――That was one of the reasons why he had not brought Rem along.

Subaru: [I wonder what kind of chaos awaits us…]

Al: [As chaotic as it sounds, it still confuses the hell out of me. That outfit and the bro I know don’t seem to go together quite as well, and it’s starting to look like a bug .]

Subaru: [Ah? You’re still saying these things?]

Subaru, who was in the front seat of the spacious carriage, looking out the window at the back of Leidy’s nimble running figure, turned around while gently using his hand to stroke his long black hair blowing in the wind.

Raising his chin as if he were exasperated was Al, sitting at the back of the carriage.

Al was occupying a three-seater in a slouched posture. He then hooked his fingers on the chin of his helmet, making his raised head look down.

Al: [You’re definitely doing that on purpose.]

With a bitter tone, he blurted that out due to Subaru’s behavior.

Subaru shrugged his shoulders, feeling disappointed at Al’s strong rejection. Surprisingly, Al was the second person after Rem to criticize Subaru’s crossdressing.

Abel, the Shudraqs, the O’Connell siblings, and Zikr, all of them naturally indulged him once they accepted it, but Al kept harping on it.

Subaru: [The same mouth that had said they were going to support me is now complaining… So that whole mysterious conversation was a lie?]

Al: [It was no lie, and my decision to help you’s genuine bro, but that’s not the same thing as this. I’m sure you’ll be able to understand why I ain’t happy with your crossdressing, bro.]

Subaru: [If you’re on my side, you’ll have to accept me as I am in the meanwhile.]

Al: [You sure you wanna keep being called bro when in that disguise? For real?]

Once someone reiterated this to him, even Subaru would feel that it was a bit unreasonable.

Natsuki Subaru and Natsumi Schwartz―― albeit the two names may share the same body, there was a clear difference in the way they were and the way they stood.

In other words, Natsuki Subaru was his grounded self, and Natsumi Schwartz was an idealized image of his own fickle self.

Subaru: [Of course, I don’t want to be a woman. It’s about self-confidence and all that.]

Al: [I didn’t ask!]

Despite being rebuffed out loud, Subaru looked down at his body and changed his perception.

Natsumi Schwartz had now been recreated with the use of a wig and makeup, but unlike the time he was posing as a dancer, his role in the future would be more intellectual.

Therefore, the costumes and makeup had been put together to reflect that impression.

The red-colored outfit with a collar was a one-of-a-kind design based on the uniforms of the Vollachian Empire’s officers―― the one worn by Zikr had a similar design. He didn’t normally wear a cloak unless necessary as it inhibited his movement, but he was proud of the fact that this bluff was working.

Further down were pants, on his feet were tough boots, and on his head lay a military cap with a bird’s feather on it.

This was the complete picture of the Female Military Strategist, Natsumi Schwartz.

Subaru: [Well, I guess I’m more of a female soldier than a female strategist. When you think of women in military attire, you’d expect them to be dressed as men, right?]

Al: [Even when I’m literally looking at the fact, of you, bro, crossdressing as a woman, who’s crossdressed as a man, my confusion is only getting worse.]

Subaru: [I don’t want to stand out, so it’s put together in the Empire’s style. It’s a male look, so I drew a bit of inspiration from Crusch-san’s taste .]

Al: [I ain’t sure if the Duchess’ll be pleased with that expression, saying that you got a little inspiration from your previous encounters with her… Am I the only one who thinks that this is strange? What do you think about it, Emperor-san?]

Al raised his right arm in exasperation to Subaru, who explained the concept. With that, Al then turned his lifted right arm to the front, pointing at the figure in front of him.

In the middle seat of the carriage, or in other words, the position where he was endlessly sandwiched in between their conversation, was Abel, looking out the window with a grim expression.

He seemed to be pondering something with a serious look on his face. He raised his eyebrows at the imprudent name Al used, and without turning around, he coldly voiced a “Clown”.

Abel: [I do not have the recollection of allowing you to call me that. Know that one careless word can jeopardize the very existence of the Empire. If you do not, you shall lose more than just your other arm.]

Al: [Ugh, gimme a break. I’ve gotten used to it, but an inconvenience’s an inconvenience. If I lose another one, it’ll be more than just an inconvenience.]

Abel: [Then you should bear that in mind.]

Al: [ Hey, heeey , the Imperial Way’s not even funny. It’s hard for comedians like ourselves. Right, bro?]

Subaru: [I don’t want to be asked for my agreement.]

The atmosphere was tense, with no room for jokes or light-hearted conversation, but Subaru had no intention of criticizing the Empire, like saying that it was a problem of the country’s character.

At most, as an individual, he found Abel to be difficult to get along with. The answer itself was light-hearted, so it was a complaint that he had never felt on the surface.

Of course, when it came to issues of beliefs and values, it did not stop at that.

Al: [So, what do you think of bro’s outfit, Abel-chan?]

Abel: [ ―――― ]

For a moment, Abel’s brow creased at the new name.

Subaru was surprised by Al’s daredevil approach, but after a few moments of silence, Abel snorted roughly at the insolence and disregarded him.

Was it better than being called “Emperor-san”? Unsure of Abel’s thoughts on this, Subaru suppressed an inner chill with a sigh.

In the meantime, Abel looked at Subaru again to answer Al’s question,

Abel: [Yes, it is a ridiculous look, but I do not care as long as it pays off. You should separate your abilities from your hobbies.]

Subaru: [Don’t stab me in the back under the guise of backing me up. How many times do I have to tell you that it’s not a hobby, but a necessity? Do you think I dress like a woman because I like it?]

Abel: [ ―――― ]

Subaru: [Don’t just say nothing!]

Because of the suggestive silence, Subaru’s suspicions were unfairly intensified.

Naturally, this was a very unpleasant understanding for Subaru. He did not want to dress as a woman at all, if it was not required.

However, if there was even the slightest possibility that it would resolve the situation, he would not exclude crossdressing as an option. That was all there was to it.

Subaru: [Everyone has a proper… argument prepared by them, listen.]

Al: [You said you were armed with an argument. Anyway, I’m pretty sure it’s a cliché. The Emperor who was expelled from the throne recruits allies to regain it… In that case, it‘s only natural that there’s a position for a mysterious woman to accompany him.]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right. Like a strategist or a mage. And usually in those stories they have that sort of position be the heroine … I’m not the heroine !]

Al: [Don’t get mad even though you said it yourself. You’d surprise everyone, not to mention me.]

Subaru was indignant, but his intentions were not understood by anyone other than his fellow countryman Al.

In the first place, there were many phrases that would not be understood even in their homeland. Al’s knowledge was quite close to Subaru’s, as evidenced by the fact that he could even employ it.

Subaru: […I never asked about which time period he came from, or anything in depth.]

So far, even though Subaru had shared the information that he and Al were from the same place, they had never talked about which period they had arrived from.

Al had once told Subaru that he had been summoned to this other world nearly twenty years ago.

Furthermore, his experience had been so terrible, that he had even lost one of his arms.

Though the confession itself had been done without a care, the reality of it was not so frivolous.

The anguish and despair that Al had endured must have been a constant part of his everyday life. Al was a man who had been tormented by the harshness of this other world much more than Subaru.

Now that he was speaking about it, he realized how blessed he was compared to him.

At the same time, he was wondering what the difference was between himself and Al.

Because of this fear, Subaru had not tried to have deep conversations with Al, and Al had not tried to go any further either.

However, considering the language used and the sub-cultural topics that they could understand, the original world where Subaru and Al lived must have been in the same time frame ―― If he had been summoned twenty years ago, he must have been the same age and from the same epoch.

The current age difference between Subaru and Al was merely a function of the time in this other world they had been summoned to. Henceforth, despite the age difference, he and Subaru were on the same wavelength in their conversations.

――That seemed to be the cause of the vague tingling sensation Subaru felt when interacting with him.

Al: [ ―― I hate clichés.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Al: [A suspicious mage beside the Emperor… Ain’t that a cliché? What about that?]

Al’s light-hearted comment snapped Subaru, whose thoughts had gone astray, back to reality.

Blinking his eyes, Subaru nodded his head in agreement with what he called “a cliché”, with a “Yeah”.

Subaru: [It’s a cliché, indeed. A bewitching female mage seduces the Emperor and slowly turns him into a puppet of her will… And then the prosperous country collapses.]

Abel: [I shall not allow it to collapse on its own. I shall take it back no matter what. It just――]

Subaru: [Just?]

Abel: [It was neither a mage nor a woman, but it is true that there was one dubbed the Stargazer.]

Subaru & Al: [――Stargazer?]

The words from Abel’s mouth were met with overlapped doubts from both Subaru and Al.

It was a word they had never heard before, but they thought it strange.

Subaru had never heard of this word before, but strangely enough, he held an idea of the characters in his head. And once the characters fit, the role of the word also came to mind, vaguely.

Subaru: [Maybe they’re a Feng Shui master, or something of the sort… kinda like the position of a fortune teller?]

Al: [It’s more like a prophet, ain’t it? I mean, that’s what the stone tablet does in the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [Yeah, the Dragon History Stone, they called it…]

Convinced by Al’s words, Subaru retrieved the knowledge of the prophetic tablet passed down in the Kingdom from his head.

Although Subaru hadn’t laid eyes on the actual artifact, it seemed that the tablet contained information about future events that would occur in the Kingdom of Lugunica, and was said to be a useful artifact that also provided solutions to said problems.

However, having forecasted that the Royal Family of Lugunica would succumb to illness, the Tablet had presented an approach for the selection of the next Monarch―― In other words, the Royal Selection, in which Emilia and Priscilla were partaking.

Honestly, it was a result that made him tilt his head at the idea of being grateful to the prophecy tablet.

Subaru: [If it was serious about giving advice on how to save the Kingdom, it would tell them how to cure or stop the disease in the first place…]

As he deepened his knowledge as a knight of a Royal Candidate, he learned that the Royal Family of Lugunica possessed no tyrannical behavior or imbecility, and were, at the very least, loved by their people.

Many of their subjects and citizens had been saddened by their deaths, but none had been happy about it. ―― It was still a mystery as to why the Dragon History Stone had forsaken them.

Subaru: [If the other party’s a slab of stone, it’d be a pipe dream to get any answers.]

Al: [If they’re a stone slab, then sure, but the Stargazer ain’t one, right? What role did he play in the court, Abel-chan?]

Abel: [ ――. Not too far from all of your perception. Because the power of the Stargazer was to peer into the future, to preserve the Empire.]

Abel’s answer to the question was roughly in line with the impression Subaru had gleamed from the name “Stargazer”. Nevertheless, there was one problem.

Subaru: […But they weren’t able to predict things. You were driven out, after all.]

Abel: [As I told you before. The Stargazer’s power is for the preservation of the Empire. ―― It does not necessarily coincide with my safety.]

Subaru: [That would mean… that it’d be better for the Empire if you were chased away.]

Abel: [At least, I suppose that is what the Stargazer has settled upon.]

Abel crossed his arms quietly as he answered nonchalantly.

It could be argued that the Tablet and the Stargazer, two objects with similar roles, had both overlooked the plight of what should be the most noble position in their respective countries.

To suspect a connection between the Kingdom and the Empire was tempting, however ――,

Subaru: [Before that, I’m starting to feel that there’s a problem with you, who got abandoned by the Prime Minister, your right-hand man, and this prophet. You sure it’s okay to put you back on the Emperor’s throne?]

Al: [Oioi, that’s too straight of a fireball, bro.]

Subaru: [No, don’t you feel concerned when hearing the situation surrounding this as well!?]

Al: [But that’s it. Afro General approved of Abel-chan, didn’t he?]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right. Then I guess it’s okay…]

With the mention of the Afro General, Zikr, Subaru was peacefully convinced.

Zikr was on Abel’s side, which was a relief, although it made him worry about a lot of other things. On the other hand, without Zikr, it was highly doubtful that he could have gone along with Abel, given his suspicions.

Regardless of how much he wanted to get himself and Rem back to the Kingdom safely, it did not mean that he did not care what happened to the Empire.

To be honest, Subaru held more bad memories of the Empire than good ones, but there were many people he wished to see happy, including the People of Shudraq and the O’Connell siblings.

Subaru: [I’m starting to get pretty worried about including you in that, but…]

Abel: [Whatever you say, no matter what the Stargazer sees regarding the future, I have my answer.]

Subaru: [ ―――― ]

Abel: [If the Stargazer decides that I cannot remain on the throne, I shall not comply. If the Stargazer declares that my presence shall destroy the Empire, then I shall disprove that with my own hands.]

Abel’s declaration was a little too passionate to be casual.

Abel’s fervor was equal to the fervor with which he had stated he would take back his throne on numerous other occasions. This was Abel’s unyielding position and his unshakable heart.

Subaru did not doubt Abel’s last line, because he could feel that it was not merely revenge or rebellion, but a larger and purer belief.

Other than that, he really wished more of the surrounding parts could be embellished to make it believable.

???: [ ―― Ah! Guuuys! Look ahead a little bit, look ahead~!]

Subaru: [Hm?]

Just as the conversation was coming to a close, from the front of the carriage―― from the coachman’s bench suddenly came a boisterous voice, and Subaru and the others turned their attention to it.

Medium, who was holding the reins of Leidy on the coachman’s bench, was the one to raise that lively voice.

It seemed she had not been allowed to take the reins during her travels together with Flop, so she had taken the initiative by speaking up, “I want to!”.

Medium, her tall, slender frame tucked into the platform, grasped the reins in one hand while pointing to the path ahead with the other.

Medium: [I see a lot of hustle and bustle up ahead! Can you see it too, Natsumi-chan?]

Subaru: [Uh… Barely looks like anything, I guess.]

Subaru leaned out of the window of the carriage, but he could not be sure of what Medium had been talking about with “hustle and bustle”. Maybe it was the angle, or maybe it was just his eyesight.

Subaru had believed to be in possession of good eyesight, but in this other world, that was no longer the case.

People from this other world had eyesight of a different level. Emilia probably had a visual acuity of 5.0. Subaru had the impression he had seen a TV program in his original world that said people in Africa had exceptionally good eyesight.

In this regard, Taritta’s eyesight, as one of the amazonesses of this other world, was quite impressive.

Subaru: [So, what about you, Taritta-san? Can you see it?]

Taritta: [Wait a minute, that’s …]

She answered Subaru’s call, but Taritta was neither inside the carriage nor on the driver’s platform.

Leaning out of the window, Subaru beckoned her; she was atop of carriage, of all places. Positioned on the roof of the moving carriage, from which Taritta served as a sentinel keeping watch of all directions.

Al: [Is it just me, or is it kinda uncomfortable to have people on the roof like that?]

Subaru: [I don’t know about Abel, but I’m used to it with our Garfiel.]

Al mentioned Taritta whose task lay atop the horse-drawn carriage, but Subaru, familiar with Garfiel who wished to play the same role, was not particularly uncomfortable with it.

In fact, in this other world, it was essential to be vigilant while on the move, so it will have proper effects rather than just a chuuni thing. The fact that Abel did not halt her was proof of that. [1]

Taritta: […Looks like Imperial Soldiers are gathering . Looks like an Ox Cart or something is being stopped in front of us .]

Subaru: [That’s…]

Abel: [ ―― A checkpoint.]

So muttered Abel to himself after receiving Taritta’s report and understanding the situation.

The checkpoint that came to Subaru’s mind was the one at the main gate of Guaral. However, the fact that the checkpoint was not at the entrance to the city, but in the middle of the road, seized his attention.

It was natural to check the comings and goings in a city, but the impression given by checkpoints on the roads was different, in that they were in response to some kind of anomaly.

In short, they were most likely looking for something specific.

Subaru: [No way, us? Arakiya got away from us, and that’s how things got spread?]

Abel: [Of course, it is inevitable that information shall eventually leak out from Arakiya. But I do not believe it can move as quickly and accurately as this. In addition, the Demon City is in the opposite direction of the Imperial Capital.]

Subaru: [So location-wise, they shouldn’t have any reported information?]

Abel: [Yes. ―― Although there is the matter of her companion, is there not?]

With his arms crossed, Abel was concerned not about Arakiya, but about her companion.

Arakiya’s companion was the person who had retrieved her from Guaral.

Al: [The guy who dragged Lil’ Miss Arakiya away? He’s the kinda guy who’d fearlessly ride into the middle of enemy territory in the situation, he’s prolly a sharp and able person.]

Subaru: [A sharp and able person…]

Abel’s concern and Al’s point of view made Subaru imagine something unpleasant.

As far as the Imperial Soldiers in the Fortified City were concerned, Subaru had an idea of who the “sharp ones” were. And amongst the Imperial Soldiers who had surrendered after the fall of the City Hall, the object of Subaru’s fear could not be counted.

Perhaps they had mixed amidst the soldiers who had abandoned the city and fled.

Subaru: [No way.]

He did not want to think that it was that man who had taken Arakiya away, no matter how much he wanted to.

He wished that the fate of their relationship would not grow any deeper.

Subaru: [ ――. Right now, we need to focus on the problem at hand. What do we do? Do you think we can bypass it?]

Taritta: [Right now , I don’t think they’re even aware of us yet… ]

Medium and Taritta, two people with excellent eyesight, had been the first to spot them.

Before the Soldiers ahead of them noticed, they could go off the road and avoid the checkpoint. If nothing about them was found to be amiss, they could pass through brazenly, but if they had contraband or something, they would have no choice but to evade.

But ――,

Abel: [ ―― Hold it, do not take detours.]

Subaru: [Ahh?]

And just before he gave the order to get off the road, Abel, of all people, stopped him.

In response to his call for restraint, Subaru turned his suspicious eyes to Abel.

Subaru: [You tell us to not take a detour, what else do you want us to do? If they find you, we’re in trouble.]

Abel: [I want to know their goal. If the fall of Guaral is the matter, the developments would be too swift. If it is my whereabouts, I would like to learn what the Soldiers say they are searching for.]

Subaru: [Sooo, what’s going to happen when they find you? You’ll poke the beehive and we’ll end up getting into a raging car chase .]

Of course, the possibility existed that they would be caught on the spot.

Of the five people in the horse-drawn carriage, only three, excluding Subaru and Abel, were capable of fighting, but their total strength was not much different from that of the dancing troupe that had ridden into Guaral. In the event that they were to escape in their carriage, it would be extremely difficult to shake the enemy off on the wide-open road.

Subaru: [The conditions are too bad. Or do you have a better plan?]

Abel: [There is. ―― You.]

Subaru: [Heh?]

Subaru was stunned as he weighed the risks and rewards and decided that the odds were not in his favor.

They were supposed to be talking about the odds of taking on a dangerous bet right now.

Subaru: [What do you mean, you want me to be the one to appear out there?]

Abel: [There is already a precedent for this in the Fortified City. The carriage is disguised so as not to be recognizable as one from the army. It shall be as we agreed upon in advance.]

Subaru: [Wasn’t that just preparation for small talk while on the road!?]

Abel’s brash statement had been a set-up for making conversation with other vendors and travelers along the way, not a premise to fool the carefully watching Imperial Soldiers.

Yet, Abel turned a deaf ear to Subaru’s complaints that sounded like screams,

Abel: [I shall hide at the bottom of the wagon. You get the Soldiers to talk.]

Subaru: [Wait, wait, wait, are you serious?]

Abel: [Do not allow the soldiers to look into the bottom of the carriage. You too might lose your life.]

Subaru: [I don’t know why you’re so high and mighty…!]

With that said, Abel stood up from his seat and put his hands on the floor. There was a slight gap in the floor underneath the seats, and the floorboards flipped up, allowing him to descend onto the bottom part of the carriage.

The horse-drawn carriage had been originally intended to be pulled by the Galewind Horse of General Second-Class Zikr.

The exterior of the carriage had been replaced to disguise the fact that it was related to the Imperial Army, but this did not mean that its functions had been disabled. The carriage, designed to be used by people of high rank, had a mechanism which allowed the floorboards to come off, so that they could hide in case of emergency.

Subaru was sure the one who had crafted this horse-driven carriage had never imagined that it would be the Emperor who would be hiding there.

Anyway, Abel quickly lifted the floorboards and twisted his thin body into the narrow space. In earnest, he had entrusted the rest to Subaru.

It was not so much daring as it was pride.

Al: [Good grief, Abel-chan’s so pushy. Nevertheless, we got no choice but to do it, bro.]

That was Al’s comment about Abel, who had only made his point and quickly made his retreat. His words after that were based on the reaction of the checkpoint in the carriage’s path.

It seemed that their presence had become known to their side as well.

Taritta: [Natsumi, they’re aware of our presence .]

Medium: [Then, it looks like we have no choice but to go! Alriiight~, good luuuck~, Natsumi-chan!]

Courteously, Taritta’s and Medium’s shouts eliminated the option of a detour. Changing direction at this point would be like advertising “It’s inconvenient to have the carriage inspected”.

Therefore, they had no option but to proceed as His Majesty, the Emperor, desired, even though it was annoying.

Al: [Bro, you ready?]

Subaru: [ ―― Yeah, yeah, I know right! It’s nice to meet you!]

Al: […Well, that was some switch.]

Delivering a light tap to his cheeks with both hands, Subaru flipped a switch inside himself.

If he slapped his cheeks hard enough, his makeup would be ruined. If he scratched his head, his hair would get messy. If he did not shelve his inner irritation, his words would become rough. ―― He could not fool the Imperial Soldiers with that.

He had to play the part that was required of him, and accomplish the duty that was expected of him.

That was the first step for Natsuki Subaru to regain the lost trust.

Subaru: [Oh, thank you for your service, gentlemen of the Army. What can I do for you?]

Subaru said, as he leaned out of the window, smiling as dainty and charming as he could, and waved cheerfully to the Imperial Soldiers who stopped the carriage.

△▼△▼△▼△

―― The Imperial Soldiers who had halted the carriage did not take the presence of a carriage carrying only Al, in addition to the three “women”, Medium, Taritta and Subaru, seriously.

What they had requested, was the identity of the group and the purpose of the trip.

As they had agreed upon beforehand, Al and Medium had been hired to guard Subaru, the daughter of a lower-ranking count, and Taritta was to be Subaru’s servant.

Before leaving Guaral, Taritta’s style had undergone trial and error, and been changed from the Amazoness style that was instantly recognizable as that of the People of Shudraq.

Currently, Taritta was dressed in the style of a male butler, which was Subaru’s preference. Al given rave reviews, his words being “Bro’s dressed as a woman who’s dressed as a man, and Taritta-chan’s dressed as a man… I don’t understand anything anymore”.

Anyway, the Imperial Soldiers at the checkpoint had not been suspicious of Subaru and the others’ kind of behavior.

Only when being told that their destination was Chaosflame, did they display a meaningful hesitation, saying, “Well, that’s…”. Even among them, the Demon City’s impression seemed to be poor.

Soldier: [I wouldn’t really recommend visiting the Demon City, young lady.]

Subaru: [Even if you say so, I’m afraid my father will be angry with me. Even though I’m a noble, it’s not a luxury the family of a lowly Count can afford…]

Soldier: [Hmm, I see. Well, you seem to have a good head on your shoulders, so I guess there’s nothing to worry about.]

Subaru: [Oh my, you flatter me.]

Smiling with the back of his hand over his mouth, Subaru elegantly sidestepped the Soldier’s suspicion.

In general, there seemed to be no problem in getting through the checkpoint. The only thing left to do was ――,

Subaru: [Well, there appears to be quite strict security… Has something happened?]

Soldier: [Oh no, it’s nothing serious. There’s deserters from a recent skirmish up north near Buddheim, so we’re looking for them… And we’re also looking for a wanted criminal.]

Subaru: [Wanted, is it?]

Careful not to let his voice waver, Subaru frowned at the sound of that.

Fortunately, the soldier did not seem to notice Subaru’s surging inner thoughts and nodded, “Yeah”.

Soldier: [There’s talk of a man wanted in the Imperial Capital being sighted around here. It’s said that he’s about fifty-years-old and has blue hair, do you have any knowledge of him?]

Subaru: [ ―― . No, I’m afraid not. But to have deserters from the Imperial Soldiers, who are renowned for their strength, makes me worry that the mantra of the Empire is being disturbed.]

Medium: [It’s okay, Natsumi-chan! We’re here for you, so don’t worry, don’t worry! Let’s hold our chests out strong!]

Subaru: [Well, that’s reassuring, Medium-san. Ohohoho.]

Subaru had not meant for that to happen, but Medium’s blunt words made the Imperial Soldiers lose their composure.

There was the possibility that by probing into it, they would become suspicious, but it seemed that they had been successful in evading that worry. Taritta, too, was silent and played the role of a butler who did not interrupt her master unnecessarily.

She had a tendency to be shy, though, so the silence may just have been natural.

And, except for the women, the most worrying person was Al and his suspicious appearance ――,

Al: [My oh my, thank you Soldiers for all your hard work. It’s thanks to your hard work that a half-wit like me’s allowed to work so lazily.]

Soldier: […We are only working for the well-being of the Empire. Definitely not for someone as weak and lazy as you.]

Al: [I know, I know. I understand where I stand.]

Al, too, had perfectly handled the disrespectful move from the Imperial Soldiers, having been met with scorn.

It was hard to discern if he was acting or not, but he had a good point. The unnaturalness of hiring the one-armed Al as a bodyguard was also quashed ahead of time by Subaru.

Subaru: [It wouldn’t look good if I didn’t say I hired him as a bodyguard, would it? With his arm like that, I’m sure he used to be a Soldier serving this country as well.]

Soldier: […If he resigned his position because of his injuries, there’s nothing for us to say. Just be very careful, because it doesn’t mean that he doesn’t have evil intentions.]

Treating Al’s arm as a strength rather than a weakness reinforced the rationale for his frivolous attitude.

The Imperial Soldiers, with their aversion to weakness and their respect for the strong, were also considerate of those who had retired from the front lines due to unhealable wounds.

―― With that, they had been capable of getting through the checkpoint without any major problems.

Medium: [Well, Natsumi-chan was really good. I’m so impressed with you!]

Medium praised him as he waved from the platform towards the Imperial Soldiers in the distance. At her words, Subaru shook his head with a, “No, no”,

Subaru: [It’s no big deal. If the checkpoint had been set up for a more pressing reason, we would’ve had to use a lot of finesse to get through… In that sense, I guess you could say we were lucky.]

Medium: [Yeah? Then I guess so. I’m often told I’m lucky by big bro too! I feel that way too.]

Subaru: [Hehe, both Medium-san and Flop-san are naturals at finding happiness, aren’t they?]

Subaru smiled at Medium’s pleasant answer as he put his hand on his cheek.

At this exchange between Subaru and Medium, Taritta, who was sitting in the front seat of the carriage with an exhausted look on her face, turned around. Subaru tilted his head at her meaningful gaze, as she was relieved of her tension and patted her chest in relief.

Subaru: [What’s the matter, Taritta-san. Is there a problem?]

Taritta: [No, I don’t have a problem , but … Natsumi, how can you be so bold ? I’ve been wondering that ever since you planned to dress as a dancer .]

Subaru: […Yeah, I guess.]

Taritta had found Subaru’s transformation into a woman hard to get used to.

The time Taritta had spent with him in women’s clothing was the same as Abel’s; ever since they had entered Guaral. And yet, it seemed strange to her.

In a way, Abel and Flop had been able to pull it off with zero effort―― Bianca and Flora were able to overcome all problems with their natural good looks.

Of course, Subaru’s character, Natsumi Schwartz, had no such sort of grounding.

There was a quality that could not be disguised by clothes or makeup alone, and it was a problem that inevitably arose for those who were not in its possession. ―― It took effort to compensate for that.

Subaru: [So, I just tried my hardest, that’s all.]

The perfection of Natsumi Schwartz was part of the results of humanity’s accumulated quest for beauty.

Were it not for these pioneers, Subaru’s crossdressing would not have been accepted even at a school festival. Behind its success, were the forefathers’ many wishes and efforts.

Because of this, he also had a sense of being unable to disregard what had been established.

Taritta: [I’m jealous of your confidence … I don’t have that .]

Subaru: [Confidence… What I have is trust in Natsumi Schwartz, but confidence is a different thing.]

Taritta: [Eh? Eh? Eh?]

Al: [Oioi, bro, don’t do that. You’ll confuse Taritta-chan. That level of thinking’s a bit too much for us to follow, y’know?]

In place of Taritta, her flickering to and fro, Al interrupted Subaru’s self-assertion.

He was unaware that he was talking about something so difficult that it would confuse the two of them. He had merely stated that even though it was difficult to believe in himself, he could believe in the ideal image he had created in his mind ― one that he could believe in.

Subaru: [I always envision myself as the best version I can be―― you know?]

Taritta: [I-I find that a difficult concept to understand …]

Subaru: [But I’d recommend trying that mindset, you know? Comparing yourself to the person you admire can be painful, but… you can envision your ideal self.]

Taritta: [ ―――― ]

Taritta’s eyes widened slightly as Subaru put his hand on his chest and spoke.

Something about it seemed to resonate with her in no small manner.

Taritta: [ Envision , your ideal self …]

Resonated such, that it seemed that she had quietly stored it within her heart

Al: [Deserters aside, dunno what the wanted guy did. Even if it’s a big help that Abel-chan’s story hasn’t spread, that was a pretty big deal.]

Subaru: [Well… A blue-haired man of about fifty years of age, I’m sure there are many gentlemen who fit that description, and I can even think of one in my memory, you know?]

In his original world, blue hair did not occur naturally, but in this other world, it could be seen as a not-so-uncommon hair color, Rem at the forefront.

The wanted man at the checkpoint earlier also fit that description, as did the heavy drinker who had once helped him in the city of Guaral―― the mercenary named Rowan also possessed said characteristic.

Unfortunately, Rowan’s demonstration of his abilities had been foiled by Todd’s surprise attack, but Subaru believed that he would have been quite good were he able to do battle in a proper fashion.

However, Subaru did not believe him to be a wanted man, one that would require the mobilization of so many Imperial Soldiers. So it was possibly a matter of someone else, with similar characters, that was wanted.

Subaru: [In any case, Abel’s situation hasn’t been reported to the ordinary soldiers yet… As long as there’s no disorder in the Imperial Capital, it seems safe to assume that a body double’s acting as Emperor.]

Al: [Dunno if that’s a good thing or a bad thing. Honestly, I think it would’ve been more convenient for us if the Emperor’d been absent and that there was a lotta commotion.]

Subaru: [I feel like it has its advantages and disadvantages. Setting handling things if he’s discovered aside, the gravity of finding Abel remains unchanged.]

If the Emperor’s absence were to become public and the Empire thrown into turmoil, it was currently unknown whether Subaru and the others would be able to handle it effectively. At the very least, Abel’s perception was that they were still lacking in strength to claim the throne, and Subaru was of the same opinion.

However, the insistence of going through the checkpoint had made him very nervous.

Al: [At any rate, now that we’ve escaped the checkpoint, let’s get Abel-chan outta there.]

Subaru: [Right. Besides, I want to complain about something.]

Nodding at Al’s suggestion, Subaru crossed his arms over his fake cleavage to assert his indignation.

The reason for Subaru’s indignation was, of course, the unreasonable reason given so they would go through the checkpoint. But beyond that, it was the reckless flailing by Abel during the checkpoint.

While talking with the Soldiers, noises had echoed from the bottom of the carriage several times, which had been disguised with great difficulty.

Ultimately, it was settled that Subaru, posing as a woman, had a stomachache, saying, “It’s not easy being a lowly count…”. But it was an outrage that damaged the reputation of the elegant Natsumi Schwartz.

Subaru: [It seems that His Majesty, the Emperor, isn’t fully aware of his position.]

Al: [Oh bro, you seem angry. Well, guess I should be mad too.]

Al agreed with Subaru, who was eager to complain to His Majesty, the reckless Emperor.

Then Al flipped up the floorboard, and Subaru peered into the bottom of the rocking carriage to complain bitterly to the face that appeared――,

Subaru: [Hey, Abel, what’s going on? You have no idea how hard it was for us to cover up for you after you did that――]

???: [Uu――!]

Subaru: [Uhyaahhh―― Hk!?]

Subaru’s “ Or at least I think ”, which was about to come with his candid advice, was swallowed by a shout, causing him to jump away landing in Taritta’s arms. All of a sudden, Taritta was holding him in a bridal carry, but he did not have the leisure to admire her core strength.

What appeared was not Abel breaking into laughter―― but a young girl of golden hair.

The girl was more than familiar to him, and he had more than enough bad memories of her.

It was Louis, a girl who should not be present.

Louis Arneb, an irregular representative in the Empire, burst cheerfully out from under the floor.

Subaru: [W-w-w-wha…]

Louis: [Aa, uu?]

Subaru: [Why! Why are you in the carriage…?]

??: [――Apparently, she had been hiding under the floor all along. I cannot believe no one had noticed it until now. It was probably the work of Utakata.]

His eyes going wide, Subaru’s voice quivered. Following up Subaru’s question was Abel, his figure emerging from the bottom after Louis.

He patted the dust off his dirty traveling clothes and hand-combed his wildly-disheveled sable hair. Then, regarding Louis leaning in towards Subaru, the latter still being held up by Taritta,

Abel: [Hmm. It appears that she missed you a lot. So much that rather than being with Utakata or your woman, she opted to be with you.]

Subaru: [W-what are you so composed for… were you okay with being under the floor with her?]

Abel: [How could it have been fine? She was unnecessarily rampaging at the bottom, and even I was chilled by it. I mulled over about how it could be explained away once the Soldiers discovered me due to her.]

Shutting the floorboards and returning to his seat, Abel’s words made sense to Subaru.

It seemed that the cause of the commotion that had distracted Subaru’s mind so much during the Imperial Soldiers’ inspection of the carriage was none other than Louis.

Perhaps Louis, hiding in the bottom of the carriage as she was, had jostled with Abel, who had come down there to hide. He did not seem to have any talent for caring for children, although it was unclear how Abel was treating Louis.

Subaru: [Then, what the hell can you do…?]

Abel: [You have been speaking disgracefully about me to no end, but what are you planning to do with that thing?]

Subaru: [What should I do…?]

Abel: [I am telling you now, that there is absolutely no way we can turn back anymore. That checkpoint and time both, shall not allow it.]

Al: [Well, Abel-chan’s right about that, ain’t he?]

Touching the clasp of his helmet, Al nodded his head in agreement with Abel’s words.

Meanwhile, an anguished Subaru had Taritta put him down on the floor, then held down Louis’s forehead as she giggled with “Auu”, and snuggled up against him.

Subaru: [Why did this happen…?]

Confusion and bewilderment swirled within his head.

On the other hand, there was a part of him that felt relieved that Louis was here―― that he did not have to deal with this uncertainty being beside Rem who had been left behind in Guaral.

However, the fact that Subaru had been followed did not make him any less cautious about Louis’s true nature and what could be in her plans.

Taritta: [Subaru, there’s nothing we can do , we’ll take Louis with us .]

Subaru: [Even you are saying that, Taritta-san?]

Taritta: [Abel’s right , we don’t have a choice but to keep going now . But we also can’t leave Louis behind . I know that you and Louis have a complicated relationship …]

Subaru: [ ―――― ]

Looking at Subaru and Louis alternately, Taritta timidly offered a neutral opinion.

In addition to their mission to infiltrate Guaral, they had also spent time together in the People of Shudraq’s settlement. The majority of the Shudraqian, though not as much as Rem, were aware of Subaru’s wariness and hostility towards Louis and her existence.

Even with that in mind, Taritta had stated that leaving Louis behind was not an option.

And, much to his own chagrin, Subaru agreed with her.

Subaru: [We can’t just leave her here and let her cause trouble for people who don’t know anything about her…]

Louis: [Uu?]

Inclining her neck, Louis looked clueless.

As things stood right now, ever since they had been sent to Vollachia, Louis had never shown her true face as the vicious Sin Archbishop of Gluttony. But that did not mean it would not happen in the future, and Subaru would be responsible for any damage that may occur once her true nature surfaced.

Subaru had enough conviction that she was dangerous and countless opportunities to preempt a lot of damage from being done.

That was exactly why he felt he should strangle her thin neck this very moment, and sever her future.

With that and that alone, many seeds of anxiety would wither and die without sprouting.

And yet ――,

Subaru: [ ―――― ]

Al: [Oh man… I dunno what’s going on here, but that lil’ girl’s fond of you bro, right? I’m sure you understand that she might slow us down in the future, but we’ll have to consider how to use that too.]

Subaru: [Al…]

While saying this, Al tried to help the anguished Subaru reach a decision.

Walking over toward Louis standing beside Subaru, he took some steps upon the floor of the horse-drawn carriage with a casual gait. Then, trying to stroke the girl’s blonde head gently ――,

Al: [Maybe with a child it’ll be easier to have them look away in case there’s another checkpoint like that. Traveling with a child ain’t so bad after all… Ouch!]

Louis: [Gauuk!]

Just as Al’s hand was about to stroke her head, Louis suddenly bared her fangs, literally.

Louis opened her mouth wide and chomped at Al’s outstretched hand as hard as she could. With a scream, Al pulled his hand away and Louis hid behind Subaru, snarling like an animal.

It was an ingrateful act, like an unwanted stray cat biting the person who had tried to feed it.

Al: [Whoa, that shit really hurt! I tried to help you out, but that was wrong!]

Subaru: [Y-you’ve done it, haven’t you…! I knew it was your style to prey on others like that!]

Louis: [Uu! Aa! Aauu!]

Subaru: [I can’t understand you with your uhhs and ahhs!]

Louis was clinging to Subaru’s waist, shaking her head. Subaru was struggling to pull her off, but the pressure was too tight for him to wriggle free.

Luckily, Subaru knew Al’s “Name” and who he was, and Al himself did not appear to have lost himself due to having his “Memories” snatched away. But the damage was yet to be confirmed ――,

Taritta: [ ―― Please calm down !]

Subaru: [Hyaan!?]

Louis: [Uu!?]

Once Subaru and Al began raising a ruckus, Louis started screaming like a child with a tantrum.

To interrupt them, Taritta had intervened by raising her voice.

Putting her hands under Louis’s arms, she picked up the child, shooting Subaru and Al both with a potent gaze, her eyes like those of her sister’s, conveying a strong impression.

Taritta: [You’re a grown man and you’re acting like a child ! Even more , why don’t you behave like a calm adult ? The little ones will mimic you .]

Subaru: [Uh, kuh… bu-but, Taritta-san, the girl’s…]

Taritta: [No buts , Natsumi. I know your relationship with this girl is complicated . But even if that’s the case , what are you going to accomplish by making a scene ?]

He was reprimanded directly, and the simplicity of the reprimand was the most effective reply for Subaru.

How many could win against the argument that they had been acting immature towards a child? However, such naïve theory would not be applicable to a Sin Archbishop.

If only she was privy to the dangers posed by Louis Arneb, Taritta would surely possess a different opinion――

―― Then, why didn’t he just tell everyone who Louis was here and now?

Subaru: [――――]

The black emotions echoing from within his own heart caused his throat to clog.

Subaru’s cheeks tensed up, and Taritta and Al reacted in a quizzical manner.

In the end, the whole situation had been brought about by Subaru’s vague decision-making abilities.

The only way to make them understand Subaru’s wariness of Louis, was to disclose the fact that Louis was the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony. Unlike Rem, who had lost her wariness of the Witch Cult along with her Memories, the people in this room would be able to understand the threat.

Once they realized the gravity of the situation, they would not treat Louis as the child she seemed to be. And to get rid of the disturbing threat――,

―― What could be done to get rid of her?

Subaru: [――――]

Louis: [Uu?]

Louis tilted her head at Subaru’s expression while being held by Taritta.

Immediately once Subaru and Al stopped being rowdy, Louis calmed down as well. As they had found out in the time so far, Louis would only make noise if there was a lot of it in her environs.

If her surroundings were quiet, Louis, by her lonesome, would not make a peep. The reason as to why Utakata was such a good match for Louis was because she was an exceptionally calm child.

Perhaps this form of behavior was another way for Louis Arneb to blend in with her surroundings.

That girl, so vicious and irredeemably evil, that Subaru had come into contact in the white world he had arrived at the Pleiades Watchtower; was this the guise she had adopted?

He was aware he must consider that way, and deal with it. And yet ――,

Abel: [ ―― I shall tell you this, our purpose here is neither pleasure nor amusement.]

Abel, alone in the seat, coldly said this to a Subaru still agonizing over the situation.

For a moment, Subaru could not make out the true meaning of his words, but quickly realized that it was Abel’s opinion on how Louis should be treated.

This road trip was no game, Abel asserted. As soon as he voiced that and regarded Louis with his dark eyes, Subaru gasped at their coldness.

Abel’s eyes, directed towards Louis, were devoid of any warmth.

This was a sign that Abel had not found any value in bestowing Louis with any consideration or warmth, and that he did not distinguish between Louis and a stone by the roadside or a wildflower.

The warmth of his eyes made Subaru understand the consequences of revealing Louis’s true identity.

Subaru: [ ―― Let’s take her.]

Abel: [――――]

Immediately after making his decision, the dark eyes looking at Louis were turned to Subaru. The sharpness of his gaze felt like it was burrowing into Subaru’s chest, but clenching his molars, he drove that out of his mind.

Subaru: [Since this isn’t a pleasure trip, show them you’re useful… That’s how it works, isn’t it?]

Abel: [Yes, it is of no consequence. ――I had a feeling you would state such a thing.]

Subaru: […That’s a difficult evaluation to interpret.]

Whether it was disappointment or some other sort of emotion, it was hard to tell.

Naturally, Abel wished to have his real intentions go unrevealed, and Subaru was afraid that rehashing them would lead to a different conclusion.

Medium: [Hey, hey, are you done with that? Louis-chan, come here when they are finished talking!]

Taritta: […Is that okay ?]

Feeling the tense atmosphere between Subaru and Abel, Taritta asked for permission to respond to Medium’s voice coming from the driving platform.

Abel was already unconcerned, and although he had decided to take Subaru with him, he did not want to take Louis, so he decided to take advantage of their generosity.

Medium: [Alright, Louis-chan, you want to hold the reins? Try to steer Leidy-chin!]

Louis: [Uu!]

Taritta: [Let’s not do that !]

Louis was welcomed by the two women, although there was a lot of noise coming from the driver’s seat all of a sudden.

Subaru was the only one who had originally been quite wary of Louis, so there was nothing surprising about their reaction. If something had to be said however, was that Louis’s disappearance may have caused Rem, who had remained in Guaral, to panic in search of her.

Abel: [I do not believe that girl could have gotten into the carriage by herself. If there is someone who assisted her, that one should reveal the situation.]

Subaru: […Well, I guess that’s true.]

Perhaps sensing the nature of Subaru’s anxiety from his expression, Abel dispelled without emotion.

If he was right, and Utakata had helped Louis stowaway, that information would have been shared with Rem and the others back in the city.

With him and Louis together, Subaru wondered if that would help with Rem’s anxiety.

Subaru: [Which would be better, her not knowing where she is or knowing where she is…?]

Al: [ ―― ? Of course it’s safer to have her with you, bro. I mean, from what Taritta-chan said, it sounded kinda complicated.]

With Al having overheard his muttering, Subaru’s feelings were further muddied by Al’s words.

The relationship between Subaru, Rem, and Louis was not as simple as it appeared.

Subaru: […But, that’s right.]

With Rem’s figure behind his eyelids, Subaru found an excuse within himself.

Regardless of Louis’s identity, Rem would be concerned for the girl. Even if he told her the truth the next time he got the chance, it would be one-sided without Louis’s presence.

For that reason, Louis must be kept safe.

Al: [Bro?]

Subaru: [No, nothing unless… Al, do me a favor ―― Please, pay as much attention to Louis as you can.]

Al: […What’s with the out-of-the blue request, anyway? What’s with that little girl?]

Al, who’d just had his hand bitten, seemed to have some difficulty with Louis, and responded to Subaru’s request in a reluctant voice, questioning his intentions.

It was a natural question, but for a moment, Subaru hesitated to answer.

When it came to Al, he would believe Louis’s identity more frankly than the others.

However, how would Al act upon learning that Louis was a Sin Archbishop? Would he understand the danger and become an advisor that held the same worries as Subaru?

Subaru: [ ―― . If she gets hurt, Rem will suffer. Please, I beg you.]

Al: [ ――――]

Subaru was troubled, but, a moment later, he kept the truth to himself much like he had done with the rest of the group.

Hearing Subaru’s answer, Al went silent for a moment, and,

Al: [Yeah, sure. I’m worried she might eat my remaining arm, but I’ll deal with it.]

With that as his reply, Al settled into the front seat of the carriage as if he had heard Subaru’s request. He threw his legs out lazily as he listened to the voices of the three girls bustling around the driver’s platform.

It could be said it was his typical way of accepting a request.

Subaru: [ ―― ? What is it?]

As he directed his gaze towards the back of Al’s head, Subaru noticed Abel’s own trained on himself.

He folded his arms and slumped in his seat, his unreadable black eyes reflecting Subaru, frowning with just a hint of displeasure.

This made him feel terribly anxious, so Subaru’s question had ended sharply.

Abel, however, gave a small “Hmm”, and said nothing.

Subaru: […You still haven’t thanked me for successfully getting us past the checkpoint in the first place.]

Taking out his frustration on Abel’s attitude, Subaru stroked his long black hair and settled into a seat a little farther away from both Al and Abel.

The journey to the Demon City of Chaosflame continued with a sense of uncertainty about the future.

However, upon hearing the bustling voices from the driver’s platform, especially that of Louis…

Subaru: [Really, who do you think is the cause of my suffering?]

The sound of the horse-drawn carriage swallowed his words of complaint up entirely, and so they did not reach anyone.

Translation note:

[1] “Chuuni”, also known as “chuunibyou” (中二病), or literally translated as “middle two disease” or, alternatively, “middle-school second-year disease”. Well-known term to describe kids in middle school who have delusions of grandeur, like special powers.

--- Chapter 35: A Night for Talking ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Medium: [The place where big bro and I were was a really bad place.]

That was what Medium had said in her usual tone, as they surrounded a campfire at night.

Always bright and cheerful, Medium never cared to keep her voice down. What had come out from her mouth, was the story of the orphanage in which Flop and her used to be previously.

From Flop, too, it had been heard that the two of them had grown up in poor conditions.

The siblings had grown up while being beaten every day, in a facility that took in orphans. Flop had stated that they resented a world where unfortunate adults would beat up unfortunate children, and that they had vowed to take revenge, as well.

Medium: [I don’t get everything big bro says ‘cause it’s too difficult for me. But when he’s walking around with such big steps and his chest puffed out, I wanna help him.]

Subaru: [Even if it’s revenge against the world?]

Medium: [Yes, yes! Though, I dunno how he’s gonna do it.]

With a bashful smile, Medium plunked down cross-legged, taking Louis into her lap then brushing the girl’s hair from behind.

The reason she had spoken about the orphanage in the first place, was because of her skill in dealing with children.

He was surprised that Medium, who, if he may say so, gave the impression that she did everything in a relatively rough manner, was taking such good care of Louis.

So, he asked her about her familiarity, which led them to the previous point.

Medium: [Because there were other children in the facility besides big bro and me, you know. Some of them were smaller than me, and it wasn’t much fun, so I wanted to at least let their hair grow.]

Subaru: [So because of that, you’re good with the little ones. It makes sense, since you’re very good at taking care of people.]

Medium: [Uhehe, you think so? Well, if that’s the case, I’m glad I could help.]

Medium’s beautiful blonde hair glimmered, illuminated by the red glow of the bonfire. Louis, to her front, had hair the same color. The two of them were so intimate they appeared to be sisters.

If Flora was considered and not Flop, one could say that there were three beautiful sisters.

Subaru: […I shouldn’t have thought of imposing such a liability onto you and Flop-san.]

Medium: [――? Natsumi-chan, did you say something?]

Subaru: [No, it’s nothing. It’s just that I really feel that Medium-san’s been a great help to me.]

Setting aside the improper connection between the O’Connell siblings and Louis, it was a statement that seemed to have been wasted under false pretenses, but that was how he truly felt.

There was a great deal of help from the presence of Medium and Flop being there, both militarily and emotionally.

Had it not been for Flop and her, Subaru and the others’ march through the Empire would have been much bleaker.

Subaru: [In that respect, shouldn’t you be more grateful?]

???: [――――]

Narrowing his eyes as he said it, Subaru tried to lure a response out of Abel, who was sticking right by the bonfire.

Surprisingly, Abel had not made his quick return to the carriage for rest after dinner, instead remaining, in silence. However, it did not appear that his attention had been focused on the chit-chat, or on Subaru’s words that were merely sarcastic and teasing.

Abel: [Medium, where are you and your brother from?]

Medium: [Huh?]

However, though not in response to Subaru’s words, Abel posed a question to Medium.

The content of the question was based on the conversation that had just taken place.

Caught off-guard, Medium’s large eyes widened to their fullest and her mouth dropped open. It seemed she was surprised that Abel had started a conversation with her, and that he was listening.

Medium: [Abel-chin, you know my name?]

Apparently, those were not the sole reasons for her surprise.

Anyhow, Abel let out a small sigh at Medium, the latter having utilized a way of addressing him equally as disrespectful as what Al had used, one that could displease His Majesty the Emperor.

Abel: [Remembering names is a trivial task. Cease such trifling admiration. Answer my question. Where are you and Flop from? Who was the head representative of that facility?]

Medium: [Representative? You mean the director? I don’t remember his name, but me and big bro were in a little town called Averyk.]

Abel: [Averyk… That’s a town to the west. I shall remember that.]

Medium: [ ―― ? You’re gonna remember it? What for?]

Abel: [It shall be dealt with accordingly. Whether I do it directly or not.]

Abel’s answer was succinct, but his true intentions were lost on Medium.

A question mark appeared on Medium’s face, and her expression was like her head had been stuffed full of questions. And Abel, unkind as he was, did not attempt to try and dispel the mystery.

Subaru, for his part, did not quite get the whole idea, but,

Subaru: [So you want to listen to the people’s frank opinions and immediately apply them to national politics?]

Abel: [I am not that laudable. I have told you. ――It is a matter of definite punishment or reward.]

Achievements should be rewarded, and foolishness punished.

That was Abel’s creed as a ruler, and it seemed to be an unmovable way of being.

Thinking back to the Lifeblood Ritual at the Shudraqian Village, he had desperately appealed to Subaru as the latter was on the verge of death, to tell him of his wish. Behind that desperation laid the same belief.

Namely――,

Subaru: [――You’re the kind of person who can’t stand it when other people come up empty-handed, aren’t you?]

Abel: [Many are dropped into this world as have-nots. What they grasp in their hands and what they die with, is their life. There should be no thing such as letting go of something one has earned.]

Subaru: [Hearing that from the Emperor’s mouth having been born as a have-not’s unpleasant.]

Most people were have-nots, and had no choice but to struggle on, lamenting their incompetence and inability. They knew that life was like that, but could not tolerate being told that from the standpoint of those who are blessed.

However, Abel did not even regard Subaru, who took this as irony.

Abel: [――I am no exception.]

Subaru: [――? What do you mean?]

Abel: [With the position, comes a certain amount of responsibility. If one carries a burden that they cannot bear, then those who are crushed are no more than fools. Character and pride can only be honed by daily self-awareness.]

In response to Subaru’s question, Abel’s gaze slowly turned toward him.

He observed Subaru sitting next to the bonfire, and directed his sight to his dark hair and clothes, as if to examine them.

Abel: [False and contrived identities shall eventually be exposed. You seem to be quite adept at disguising yourself, but it shall take some effort to mend it once it comes off.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [I do not interfere with other people’s interests as long as they produce results. I do not mean to contradict that statement, to see a false image as a pillar of support is something I cannot tolerate. Eventually, the entire foundation shall tilt.]

Abel’s eyes, bathed in a feverish breeze, were as clear as a cold night.

The words he had chosen had no room for consideration or understanding by others. Therefore, the true meaning of his words was not even half-understood by Subaru.

The only thing that remained, was the pain of having had his heart insulted so callously.

Abel: […I have spoken too much. I shall be leaving the rest to you.]

After saying that, Abel stood up and disappeared into the carriage.

The thick door closed with a thud. The only people now remaining around the fire were Subaru, Medium, and Louis, who was oblivious to the topic at hand.

Subaru: […What’s with that guy?]

Then, making a bitter face as he held his own mouth, Subaru blurted out those words.

It was as if he was a sore loser of a villainess, wasn’t it? The iron-blooded female military strategist, Natsumi Schwartz, was much tougher and more supple.

That was Subaru’s never-ending desire for a heart of steel, and the image of the strongest woman in its possession.

Medium: [Natsumi-chan, are you okay?]

Medium’s hand gently stroked Subaru’s conflict-laden head.

Medium moved dexterously next to him, sitting on her haunches not letting her buttocks touch the ground. Her hands were proportionate to her height, large enough to grasp Subaru’s head with ease.

Her large palm gently, and softly, wrapped around Subaru’s heart.

Subaru: [Yes, I’m fine. I mean, that guy was so insinuating… Did you understand what he was trying to say, Medium-san?]

Medium: [Hmmm, not at all! But I could see that Natsumi-chan looked like she was in pain, so this is the least I could do.]

Subaru: [That’s not true…]

Medium: [It’s okay, it’s okay, I know! I’m in charge of using my big body to do my best and leave the hard stuff to big bro and everyone else.]

Medium smiled pleasantly and continued to pat Subaru’s head, her face not showing any lie.

Even though she was aware of her shortcomings, she did not permit it to bother her and had a sunny disposition, something she had in common with the people Subaru admired.

Subaru: [You’re very mature, aren’t you, Medium-san?]

Medium: [No one’s ever told me that before! Although I’ve been told things like, that I’m a good older sister, or that I eat a lot without having any issues after.]

Subaru: [Those are other nice things about you, Medium-san.]

Medium: [Uehehe~]

Because he was unable to express his gratitude and admiration even with all his words, Subaru was frustrated. However, Medium merrily accepted Subaru’s hollow words of praise.

Louis, curled up in her lap, was happy, like she was being carried along by her cheerfulness.

It was a moment so peaceful that, to Subaru, it felt as if he’d been cut off from all hardship and anxiety.

He ended up imagining it as such, so peaceful was this time.

△ ▼△▼△▼△

Time flowed protractedly, as he gazed at the flickering flames of the fire.

Subaru: [――――]

The world was so quiet, with the crackling sound of burning chips of wood popping.

Subaru used to hate this kind of idle time. When spending it in a daze, he would feel tormented and driven by an unfathomable sense of urgency.

He wondered if he was allowed to spend his time aimlessly, as if he were in a stupor.

An unidentified black shadow would creep up behind him, crossing their arms around his shoulders in an intimate manner, persistently hounding Subaru.

Keeping this nightmare away was impossible, even if he plugged his ears and closed his eyes―― to escape from it, Natsuki Subaru had attempted everything.

At times, he would be praised for his versatility and guile.

But all of that, was just an excuse to escape from responsibility and guilt.

Natsuki Subaru was papier-mâché, the result of a series of excuses――,

Subaru: [――I’m just a little relieved that it didn’t end up being just an excuse.]

???: [Is that so …]

After listening to Subaru’s story, Taritta nodded her head.

On the other side of the flickering flames, Taritta’s face was lit up red as she knelt on the ground. The shimmering radiance of the flames appeared to suit her brown skin quite well.

And to mention something suiting, so did her outfit that concealed her identity as a Shudraqian.

Taritta, having removed the white patterns on her body and being dressed like a civilized person, coupled with her tall and well-proportionate body, looked like a beautiful woman dressed in men’s clothes.

However, as she stood guard as a night watchman, she had taken off her jacket and rolled up her sleeves, giving the impression that she was more wild than smart.

Taritta: [――――]

In the slight silence that fell, Taritta was lost in thought.

She had pestered Subaru into speaking of his personal circumstances―― of his original world; he had made the darker and heavier parts of his life ambiguous, but how had it affected Taritta?

It had all begun when Taritta saw Subaru cleaning his nails and asked, “Where did you learn to wear makeup ?”.

Using makeup and crossdressing, were not that big of a deal to him.

Subaru had spent his junior high-school year in disarray, and had taken up the challenge as a bit of entertainment to make a spectacular comeback in his high-school life to come.

Subaru: [I’m a bit of a meticulous person, so if I’m going to do something… I want to be thorough and not embarrassed to present it.]

As would be the case in any field, the efforts of many predecessors were involved in the development of arts.

Subaru’s high-school life ended as a result of his attempt to show that he was not embarrassed of it. Since then, he had made up his mind that he would never dress as a woman again, but here he was.

One’d never know what would be useful in life until it was over. ――In Subaru’s case, who would not die even if he died, that rang especially true.

Subaru: [Oh, that’s not funny――]

Taritta: […Natsumi’s attitude , I’m jealous of it .]

Subaru: [W-whaaat?]

Taritta: [Wh-why are you so surprised …?]

Subaru: [Oh, no, it isn’t something I’ve been told very often…]

It was a rather serious shock, and it took Taritta by surprise.

However, the shock in Subaru’s mind, as he pressed his fake breasts, did not go away. Objectively speaking, Subaru did not feel that his position was worthy of jealousy.

It was partly from his own perspective, but ever since he came to this other world―― and, in retrospect, even before that, his life had been a series of failures and disappointments.

To be honest, had it not been for his encounter with Emilia, he doubted he would have had the chance to turn things around.

Subaru believed that all his encounters and happiness had been given to him by Emilia, who had tried to save him from being beaten up by some thugs in that alley.

――The memory of that moment no longer was present in Emilia’s mind, though.

Taritta: [I’ve always grown up hiding behind Sister . Sister’s as we all know her to be , so no one doubted she’d eventually become the Chieftain . Neither did I .]

Subaru: [Taritta-san…]

Falteringly, Taritta began to talk about herself.

At first, Subaru had intended to stop her if she started talking about something she did not want to speak about, as a response to his confession. She had inquired him about the source of his makeup and crossdressing skills, and Subaru had told her about himself, which were his own problems. He had no intention of forcing her to do so.

However, upon noticing Taritta’s moist eyes and trembling voice, her visage downcast, he halted.

She was talking because she wished to, that was what Subaru felt.

Taritta: [Sister and I are three years apart in age . But the reason why I feel Sister’s so big isn’t because of the three years difference . That’s right , isn’t it ?]

Subaru: [――――]

Taritta: [What Sister could do when she was ten , I couldn’t do when I was the same age . It wasn’t a difference in age , it was a difference in something different . What that is , I don’t know .]

Every word that Taritta spoke pierced through Subaru’s heart.

It was a story he had heard somewhere, yet, simultaneously, it was a story he had never disclosed to anyone.

An inferiority complex towards her outstanding elder sister, something Rem had been harboring.

An inferiority complex towards the person he yearned to be like, something Subaru had been tormented by.

Taritta: [Why did my sister make me the Chieftain ? I just can’t see myself in that role .]

???: [――He’s that guy’s child, after all.]

The disappointment in oneself. The feeling of guilt regarding the expectations of someone dear.

Nearly overwhelmed by these feelings, Taritta had embarked along on this journey. Mizelda, the former Chieftain, had pledged to assist Abel on his journey with the goal of reclaiming the throne.

Perhaps it was a journey for Taritta to reflect and acknowledge herself, and at the same time, a way to escape the burden of expectations that had fallen upon her.

Taritta: [During this journey , I have to find an answer . No, I need to harden my resolve .]

Subaru: [Resolve… Is that resolve to take over as Chieftain?]

Taritta: [――――]

Subaru’s question was met with a nod from Taritta’s thin chin.

It would be unfitting to say she had arrived at an answer, but to say she had readied herself to a fitting fate was possible. ――The duty of being the tribe’s next Chieftain had been entrusted to her by Mizelda, he could understand that was the way she considered it.

Taritta believed that taking over as Chieftain was inevitable.

She believed that she had no right to reject it. That it was the duty of a sister who had been appointed by her elder sister, and that she must lead the next generation of the clan――.

Subaru: [Even if you run away…]

Taritta: [Eh?]

Subaru: [Even if you run away, I think it’d be fine. I wouldn’t blame you for that.]

The astonished expression on Taritta’s face conveyed to him that she had not expected to hear such words.

Though that had been the flow of the conversation, Taritta had confided in him her innermost thoughts. Her situation, the insecurities, the responsibility she carried on her thin shoulders, could be seen.

He could also see that she was extremely responsible and self-punishing, and that she was struggling to cope with it.

Or perhaps Taritta had wished that Subaru would tell her to “get a grip” here, to encourage her to make a decision that she could not make herself. Perhaps she wanted him to advise her that there was no such thing as a lack of self-confidence in the sight of Subaru proudly and unashamedly wearing women’s clothes.

But what Subaru had told her, had betrayed her expectations.

Subaru: [If you can’t bear it, if you think there’s someone better suited than you, we won’t blame you if you pack up and leave the carriage. At least, I won’t.]

Taritta: [B- but , if I’m gone , our strength will be …]

Subaru: [Of course, I’m worried about that. But I’ll do whatever I can.]

Taritta: [――――]

Subaru inwardly ridiculed himself for saying such selfish things, though he did not display it.

If he heard this exchange, Abel would be discontent. As Taritta had said, she was a valuable military asset to their faction, which lacked in strength.

That could be attributed to both their faction as a whole, as well as to the group on this journey.

Of all things, he wondered whether it’d be fine to let them go.

Taritta: [You’re saying I’m not needed …]

Subaru: [No, that’s a big mistake. I also want Taritta-san to be with us in terms of both personality and strength. But that’d be selfish of me, wouldn’t it?]

Taritta: [Selfish…]

Subaru: [Because I’d be telling you to numb your feelings, so that I can live.]

Being an experienced and kindred spirit, Subaru could not force Taritta to do that.

Subaru, who had been given the opportunity to exit that dark place previously, had declared to Taritta, who was older and possibly more experienced than Subaru in this matter, much like if they were senior and junior.

――You cannot be someone else.

No matter if they were a blood relative or just someone close. No matter the degree one had longed for them, envied them, or scorched them into their heart. You cannot be someone else.

Subaru: [We can’t be anyone but our own “self”.]

He could not be anything other than himself, and he had to at least become something he could like, something he could be comfortable with, something he could be confident in.

Like a butterfly that would hatch after repeated disappointments, discouragements, and a small sense of accomplishment.

Subaru: […It’s unpleasant, isn’t it?]

So whispered Subaru, in a voice so quiet that Taritta had been unable to hear him.

What he was recalling as he spoke, was the ideal that Abel had conveyed to him a few hours prior, around the same bonfire. What many of the have-nots were clutching at, living with, in their empty hands, he had wondered.

The essence of what he had stated, seemed to overlap with what Subaru was attempting to say.

Taritta: [――――]

Listening to Subaru’s story, Taritta’s eyes swayed, her hesitation becoming even stronger.

It was up for Taritta to decide which way her hesitation would lead her, but he knew that he should respect whatever she chose.

Subaru had run away from the expectations placed on him and the guilt of not living up to them.

He even suspected that his being summoned to this other world had been an act of consideration by someone who had taken in his desires to escape.

Of course, that was the reason as to why he had been unable of saying goodbye to his parents, his real parents――,

Subaru: [You know, the fact that I was able to escape was salvation.]

At the very least, had he stayed locked in his room, always trapped between expectations and guilt, Natsuki Subaru would not have been able to catch up with his current emotions.

He would still be Subaru, his hands full with himself and no opportunity to strain his own heart, or to do something for someone else, or to give something to someone else.

There was nothing wrong with running away until one was ready to fight.

This should be a world in which everyone could choose not to fight.

Taritta: [Confidence and determination …]

Subaru: [What?]

Taritta: [I’m lacking in confidence and determination . But that’s not all …]

Hearing Subaru’s story, which came from his own experience, Taritta muttered, her lips trembling.

It had been so small that it seemed to have been drowned out by the sound of the crackling bonfire. Or perhaps she was filled with acute emotion, more so than when she had recounted the tale of her own powerlessness.

Taritta: [If I make a big mistake , how could I … Make up for it ?]

Subaru: [Mistakes and making up for it… Taritta-san?]

Taritta: [――――]

The question was repeated and Taritta let out a small “Ah”.

Her eyes widened, and Subaru could see the regret in them. In the same way she had spoken of making a mistake before, her regret for what she had ended up telling Subaru peeked through.

It seemed like Taritta had been burdened with a lot of guilt regarding that big mistake.

Not only the helplessness of comparing herself to her sister, but also the existence of her sister seemed to be a factor that prevented her from making her own decision.

Taritta: [The strange things I said … Please, forget them .]

What followed in the end, was the conclusion that her untold story could not be told.

He could tell by Taritta’s voice and expression that she had not arrived at an answer, but Subaru interpreted it as a sign that he could not force her to talk.

If only he could be there for her when she eventually felt the need to vent――,

???: [――Bro, time for a shift change.]

Upon Subaru’s conclusion, a voice called out from the carriage.

It was Al, twisting his thick neck as he slowly walked over to the campfire. The time for Subaru’s shift was over, as the night watch was supposed to change every three hours.

Subaru: [I’m not happy that Abel and Louis are out of the rotation , but…]

Al: [Stop it, stop it. It’d be a terrible thing if we get executed for having Abel-chan work the night shift once he returns to the throne.]

Subaru: [If you’re on about grudges, I don’t think I’d be able to decide how many of my heads should be lined up for that.]

Al: [If you’re aware of it, please control it. Because it’ll make me nervous to be around you.]

Overhearing Subaru’s rambling, Al made a reasonable complaint.

Nevertheless, he would continue complaining about Abel’s attitude going forward. The reason why Abel was so arrogant and tyrannical was because no one had ever spoken up.

While he remained as a fugitive with no real power, to correct that character as much as possible was needed.

Subaru: [Otherwise, even if he returns with our help, another rebellion will soon ensue, and he’ll lose his head that time.]

Al: [Yeah, I’ll leave that to you. As you can see from the Princess, I’m basically a laissez-faire kinda guy.]

With a fluttering wave of his hand, Al threw out the idea of getting Subaru to change his mind.

Sighing at Al’s unreliability, Subaru turned to face Taritta again. “Taritta-san,” he called out to her as she gazed at the fire, lost in thought,

Subaru: [I’ll leave you to it. If you find Al’s sexual harassment or silly jokes unbearable to listen to, please let me know immediately.]

Taritta: [ Sexual hara ……?]

Al: [I’m not gonna act the same as I do with the Princess! It’s a matter of distance and intimacy, and TPO. ] [1]

Subaru: [That’s something I’m not good at.]

Taritta replied in a faint voice, while Al loudly proclaimed his innocence.

After comparing the two, Subaru stood up and whispered to Al as he brushed off the dirt on his hem and buttocks.

Subaru: [Perhaps Taritta-san’ll ask you for some life advice. If she does, please guide her as an experienced leader.]

Al: [“Experienced leader” seems to be the opposite of my description, doesn’t it? I can’t be responsible for other people’s lives, as I’ve been actively running away from such things.]

Subaru: [This is your chance to overcome your weaknesses. It’s the same with peppirs.]

Emilia and Beatrice, who were not fans of peppirs as well, were also trying their best to overcome their dislikes in various ways, without losing their bold challenging spirit.

The two of them had yet a single battle together, but Subaru believed that as long as they kept fighting, one day they would be able to win.

Subaru: [So, please do your best, Al.]

Al: [Is it just me, or that doesn’t resonate that much…?]

At least, what he had just said met the conditions to inspire Subaru, so he concluded that the problem was with Al, who was not affected by it.

Taritta: [Natsumi, see you … tomorrow .]

Subaru: [――Yeah, see you tomorrow.]

Taritta called out to Subaru, who handed over the shift to Al and turned to head back to the carriage.

That feeble yet certain promise of tomorrow, gave Subaru hope that she would accept Subaru’s words, and that they would meet face-to-face the following day.

Running away was not a bad thing. There was power to be gained as a result of running away.

But there were also people who would steel themselves to fight instead of running away, and were able to overcome it.

Subaru hoped that was the case with Taritta.

Subaru: [――――]

Back at the carriage, Subaru was greeted by the tranquil air of the dark interior.

The interior of the carriage was divided by a simple curtain, separating the sleeping quarters for men and women in the front and back. The men were at the front, the women at the back, but the group currently sleeping was surprisingly quiet.

Abel, Medium, and Louis were the three resting right now, and how quietly Medium and Louis were slumbering, Abel notwithstanding, seemed to him relatively surprising.

Upon questioning them about their sleeping patterns, knowing that it was against etiquette, Medium had cheerfully replied, “If you snore too loudly, people will know where you are”.

It was not until some time later, that Subaru realized that it had been during her travels as a peddler, or during her days in the facility that had been stated to have been in poor condition.

A skill acquired out of necessity.

In that sense, it might also be the reason as to why Abel slept quietly.

Subaru: […You look odious, even when you’re asleep. Perhaps I should doodle on you.]

???: [ ―― What, you are staring at me quite rudely.]

Subaru: [ ―― Hk.]

In the middle of the allotted space in the carriage, Abel was sleeping. Upon peeking at his slumbering face, Subaru was startled by the sudden voice. He almost let out an instinctive scream, but Subaru managed to restrain it, instead saying, “You’re awake?”.

Subaru: […Since we’re keeping watch, I’d hoped you could at least enjoy the benefits of it.]

Abel: [It is the custom of the Vollachian Imperial Family to sleep with one eye open. I am no exception to that rule.]

Subaru: [With one eye open, this isn’t a movie… Eh, you serious?]

Abel: [Why should I crack a stupid joke with you?]

Subaru’s breath hitched after Abel’s retort, the latter unconcerned, one eye open as he had declared.

The light in his dark eyes proved that his earlier words had been no deception.

There was an old movie that talked of an assassin with the habit of sleeping with one eye open.

Apparently, the structures of the human brain made performing this difficult, but seeing Abel doing it as a matter-of-fact in front of him, made Subaru realize that it was not impossible.

But that was not the same thing as being convinced.

Subaru: [Why don’t you sleep properly? Do you think we’re going to hurt you in your sleep?]

Abel: [If there is a small chance, then it is a possibility. You cannot lose your life for lack of attention.]

Subaru: [Lack of attention…!]

Hearing that detached reply, Subaru’s voice trembled and he pointed out the window.

All that could be seen through the carriage window was the light of a campfire some distance away. Two people, Al and Taritta, stood on night watch, on the lookout for any looming danger.

Of course, it was also for their own safety, but――,

Subaru: [――Who the hell do you think they’re doing that for?]

Abel: [――――]

Subaru: [After all this time, you still can’t even close both eyes in front of us?]

Natsumi Schwartz’s skin peeled away, revealing Natsuki Subaru from their contorted expression.

Faced with this, Abel’s clear expression did not waver. As he had done in the past, Abel blinked alternately with his right and left eyes.

Even the number of blinks was minimal, which was the same reason as to why he could not sleep with both eyes closed.

The time they had risked their lives together in the Lifeblood Ritual, when they infiltrated Guaral dressed as dancers, and when they boarded the carriage and headed for their destination, were no different.

Subaru sympathized with the people who had to be on-guard, in a situation where failure was not an option.

So, why would Abel not make an effort to loosen up before entering a place that could be hostile territory, at least?

At Subaru’s raised eyebrow, Abel closed one eye. ――A single eye.

He closed a single eye, folded his arms, leaned his back against the seat, and snorted.

Abel: [Do not consider any ideas about distorting my way of being. Mind your place.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [The Demon City is close by. You must do your part. I desire no more, nor shall I allow it.]

Subaru clicked his tongue as he was confronted with an untenable disconnection.

There had been times when he thought he could be able to make some progress, but it was still no use.

Subaru: [Oh, yeah… Oh, yeah! I’m going to snore so hard.]

He raised his voice in annoyance, but Abel did not respond.

Subaru frowned in bitterness as he settled into a seat as far away from Abel as possible, loosened his clothes, and laid down, with care not to damage his wig.

He thought about keeping himself awake as an act of rebellion against Abel, but Subaru was unsure what would be the point of doing so, or whether sleeping or staying awake would be the right thing to do; and so, his consciousness went blank.

The carriage ride continued with various problems, anxieties, and relationship values in the air.

――The arrival at the Demon City of Chaosflame was just around the corner.

Translation note:

[1] Loan-word abbreviation meaning “(appropriate) time, place and occasion”.

--- Chapter 36: Chaotic Demon City ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Louis: [Aah! Uuh!]

As she pointed at the cityscape in front of them, Louis bounced her butt off the driver’s seat.

Subaru would’ve liked to warn her that she was disturbing the handling of the Galewind Horse, however Medium, the one who held the reins, pulled Louis by her shoulders and said with a cheerful, yet unrefined “I know, I know!”.

In addition, Subaru, who had also been watching the same thing, was suitably overwhelmed.

Subaru: [So that’s the Demon City of Chaosflame…]

With a gulp, Subaru couldn’t help but express his surprise with his own body.

In Lugunica, he had been amazed by the scenic beauty of the Watergate City of Pristella, and in Vollachia, he had been impressed by the difference in architectural styles. However, the spectacle of the Demon City looming before him had bore a different impact on Subaru compared to either of these.

In Subaru’s perception, a city was an assembly in which a large number of people lived, and for this reason, unified styles and rules should be laid down for architecture.

However, in the streets of Chaosflame, no such sense of unity could be sensed.

Undoubtedly, it was a crucible of miscellaneous and haphazard principles, befitting a city crowned by the term “chaos”.

At the heart of the city lay the most conspicuous feature: a castle painted in vermillion glossy paint, and the streets expanded out as a circle as if encasing the castle. At first glance, it appeared similar to the structure of the Royal Capital of Lugunica, but even there one would notice a clear difference between noble, commoner, and poor.

Chaosflame, on the other hand, had none of that.

Old ruins beside gleaming buildings, streets were lined with short buildings with sudden appearances of spires twice their size, and desolated sandy areas were adjacent to lush parks.

There were countless beams and scaffolding that had been arbitrarily pieced together on top of these streets, and from a distance it seemed as if the entire city were covered in a lattice of spider webs.

This was a city that had nothing to do with discipline, neatness, or decency in general—— there was only one way for it to be called. The Demon City.

He could tell, at a glance, that this was without a doubt, a place where chaos prevailed.

Al: [——It looks like a city that could easily crumble with a “giant’s thrust”, doesn’t it?]

Said Al calling out to Subaru, the former having been squinting at the mayhem, shading the tops of his eyes with his hands, spilling his thoughts about the spectacle that was Demon City.

It was a trivial matter, but what was the point of putting his hands over the helmet?

Al: [I’ve lived in Vollachia for a long time, but this is my first time coming to the east, so it’s refreshing.]

Subaru: [Is this your first time in Chaosflame too? So you’ve been on the west side of Vollachia all this time?]

Al: [It’s more like, I’ve been in only one place on the west side. There’s a Colosseum smack dab in the middle of a lake, called Gladiator Island. I was a gladiator there for a long time.]

Subaru: [A gladiator in a colosseum…]

Subaru was taken aback by the tumultuous grandness of Al’s career, which he had incidentally heard about before.

The loss of his arm included many of the things that Al had talked about without hesitation were very serious. It was because of the gravity of his situation that he spoke so casually, in order to not make the other person feel uncomfortable, but——,

Subaru: [That doesn’t relieve my mental burden at all…]

Al: [Mh? What did you say, bro?]

Subaru: [No, not a thing… By the way, what’s a “giant’s thrust”?]

Al: [Huh? Didn’t they say that in your hometown? You know, earthquakes and stuff like that?]

When asked about the unfamiliar expression, Al twisted his head and replied to Subaru with a question.

Although Al and him were from the same hometown, hometown in this case broadly referred to their original world, so of course their real hometown would be different.

That said, while there were many proverbs related to demons, he could not recall many related to giants.

Subaru: [Maybe it’s related to a baseball team? I don’t really know much about it.]

Al: [Oh, no, I’m not sure. I don’t remember where I got the word, and I don’t remember being particularly fond of baseball, but…]

Subaru: [I see. Even though you’d look right at home drinking beer and watching a baseball game.]

Al: [In the first place, I never drank anything of the sort.]

Sharing a bitter smile with Al at those words, Subaru remembered the age at which Al had been summoned to this other world, and inwardly agreed, “Yeah, that makes sense”.

In any case, during their little chat, the carriage that transported the group approached the front of the Demon City, the entrance to the city of chaos.

Speaking of entering and exiting the city, the most recent thing that came to mind were the checkpoints in Guaral.

Checkpoints had been set up at the main gates of the city, one in the north and one in the south, and in each the identity of people entering and leaving the city would be inquired, along with the purpose of their stay.

In the end, it was possibly debatable whether the checkpoints were functioning properly, since they had allowed Subaru and the others to infiltrate, but Zikr’s words should then be taken in consideration: “The soldiers’ eyes must have been burned by the sheer beauty of Natsumi and the others”. So it should be treated as a result of their side’s skillfulness.

Regardless, the existence of such checkpoints was not different between the Kingdom and the Empire.

Every city in Lugunica had such checks. Therefore, Subaru thought that this was a win-or-lose moment, and stepped into the shoes of Natsumi Schwartz again——,

Guard: [——Enter.]

Medium: [Understooood! Thanks.]

Louis: [Uuh!]

The man had looked around the carriage and given them permission to pass; he was supposedly a part of the city’s garrison, and a member of the Cyclops Tribe—— a man from a race with a single large eye at the center of their face.

To Subaru, the fact that he had been given permission to enter with just a quick glance was anticlimactic. He wondered if, possibly, the guard held the power to see something special in that characteristic single eye.

Subaru: [Maybe that’s why he’s been appointed as a gate guard, isn’t it?]

Abel: [It appears that you are reading too much into it, but the Cyclops Tribe does not possess power of that nature. I have heard that they can see a little farther than normal people, but generally, there is no difference in the functioning of their eyes.]

Subaru: [Right! Because how’d he let such a suspicious carriage pass by!]

Subaru, who had put his hand on his chin while trying to convince himself in his own way, barked at the unkind words.

Hearing Subaru’s high-pitched complaint, the other party emitted a small snort, as they adjusted the angle of their face, a mask—— an oni mask in red. Following this, they sank back down in their seats.

As soon as he had arrived at the Demon City, Abel had equipped the mask he had brought along. Subaru had protested that such an action would make the guards and soldiers suspicious of him.

However, Abel’s mask did not come off, and the guards had reacted as he had foreseen, leaving Subaru bitter twice over.

Of course, it was good news that Abel had not been suspected.

Subaru: [It’s a serious matter, really. What kind of laws are in place, so that the city’s first line of defense, the gate guard, is in such a state?]

Taritta: [I agree with Natsumi. I’m wearing clothes with sleeves , and they didn’t say anything about it .]

Subaru: [Hmm… your surprise’s of a slightly different nature than mine…]

Taritta agreed with him, her cheeks stiffened, but unfortunately, the gap in cultures she had experienced was different from that which Subaru had experienced.

While Subaru’s pertained more so with the way the city carried itself; hers was attributed to her self-identification as a Shudraqian.

Subaru: [————]

It reminded him of the conversation Taritta and him’d had around the campfire, before their arrival at the Demon City.

Following that event, she never again spoke of the same worries and anxieties, but that did not mean that Taritta had been freed from their fetters. It was a concern that might not go away, even if she were able to achieve the decisive event of taking over as the Chieftain.

Subaru sincerely hoped that she could reach a resolution that would put her mind at ease if possible, however——,

Subaru: [Well, let’s focus on the problem of the Demon City.]

After overcoming the careless checkpoint, the carriage was swallowed by the chaotic and disorderly city itself.

The high-pitched cheers of Medium and Louis being impressed at every step arose from the coachman’s seat, and Subaru too witnessed the spectacle of what lay within the Demon City, of that which could not be seen from the exterior alone.

The first thing that struck him as he entered the city, was the unprecedented number of races.

The impact caused by the one-eyed guard at the gate had been quite potent, but once inside the city, he realized that the guard’s presence was not particularly eye-catching.

In broad terms, there was a large variety of beastmen—— And it wasn’t just catfolk and dogfolk, there were also rabbit and lionfolk, with a clear distinction between small and large among them, passing through the streets.

A group of reptilian-looking lizardmen set up a store, a member of the Multi-Arm Tribe with many arms, and a group of people with unusually long hair that might or might not be a fashion statement or a racial trait.

As soon as he thought that, he noticed a race that appeared to be made of actual stone walking around, and a chimera whose body parts seemed to be mixed with another race’s as well.

Subaru: [————]

Subaru was left speechless by this senseless mixture of races.

Of course, even in the Royal Capital of Lugunica, there were scenes that had reverberated within Subaru similarly, which had made him realize that he had been summoned to another world immediately. But later, as he acquired the knowledge required to live in this world, he also learned a smidgen of the complicated circumstances surrounding demi-humans.

With how Emilia was ostracized for being a half-elf as an example, the environment for demi-humans in this world could not exactly be labelled as favorable.

For better or worse, the custom of keeping away those who were different did not change even across worlds.

Consequently, many demi-humans whose appearance very much reflected their characteristics left human settlements and kept to themselves to avoid trouble, so he had heard.

The Sanctuary, that which Garfiel, among others, called home, was one of those.

But what about Chaosflame, which lay in front of Subaru’s eyes?

The variety of species living side-by-side and without prejudice aside, what had struck Subaru the most, was the way they stood.

With their backs straight, everyone was proudly asserting their own species.

Beastmen that did not curl their claws and fangs, lizardmen that would not polish their scales, and those whose shapes were considered abnormal would not cover their faces and bodies with cloth. ——To Subaru’s eyes, this was novel.

Abel: [What kind of laws are in place, you said?]

The one to speak suddenly was Abel, sporting the oni mask, remaining in his seat.

While not only Medium on the platform, but also Subaru, Al, and even Taritta were looking around curiously, the Emperor, his visage concealed, drew Subaru’s attention with his words and continued.

Abel: [As you can see, what we have here, is lawlessness. If you ask what sort of law prevails, that would be an intangible sort. It is a mockery of the nature of order, a city of vices, if you will.]

Subaru: [Vices…? People are impressed, yet you still managed to put a damper on it.]

Abel: [Impressed? It left a deep impression on you? I guess that is to be expected from an outsider such as yourself.]

Abel shrugged his thin shoulders at Subaru’s response, with a slight grimace on his face.

The word “outsider” once again made him feel like he did not belong, which in turn reminded Subaru of the argument they’d had in the carriage a few days prior. In spite of that, as Subaru had been the only one becoming emotional, the other party would probably laugh at him labelling it an argument.

Al: [But ain’t the concept consistent throughout this city that of disorder itself having become order? What do you think, Abel-chan?]

Abel: [If you question the nature of order, you shall know whether this city is disorderly or not. ——Where do you believe the essence of order resides in, in the first place?]

Al: [Getting all philosophical on me… Bro, pass !]

Subaru closed one eye at Al, who had given up on thinking pretty quickly.

However, unlike Al, bereft of pride, Subaru was not willing to raise the white flag so easily. He crossed his arms and twisted his neck, permitting his long hair to flow over his shoulders, then stated,

Subaru: [The essence of order is not that, you know. Everyone getting along! Harmony!]

Abel: [——The essence of order is to be the same.]

Without reacting to Subaru’s opinion, which sounded like he was in the lower grades of elementary school, such was Abel’s statement.

Frowning upon his words, Abel resumed piling on.

Abel: [It is many beings sharing the same values. It may be doctrines or beliefs, goals or self-interest. When as a group, rather than as an individual, the identity that does not deviate from each other is called order. What is built on the foundation of that order, is the pipe dream you spoke of.]

Subaru: [Pipe dream… Do you think peace is that ridiculous?]

Abel: [Struggle is an unavoidable human instinct. Even if the weapon for that is not a sword, but a language or a country, the essence remains the same. But order is the perfect mechanism for shaping an environment far from collapse. ——Behold.]

Jerking his chin, Abel urged Subaru and the others to look out the window.

As he sat in his seat, he presented them with something that they could be confident of its presence without bothering to look out the window—— the red castle, the symbol of the Demon City.

Abel: [As the clown said, there is an order called disorder in this city. And that poses as the reason as to why the city has not fallen into collapse, despite its existence as a melting pot for myriad species.]

Subaru: [That castle… No, inside the castle…]

Abel: [——Yorna Mishigure.]

The sound of Abel’s voice assaulted Subaru’s eardrums, which trembled slightly.

Abel, his expression unseen behind that mask, spoke of that name. But what did he think of the existence of the most problematic person in the Nine Divine Generals? One who could be indispensable for him to regain the throne?

The Demon City where various things stood in close proximity, both vertically and horizontally; where people without any sense of unity would arrive, and leave.

The castle at the city’s core appeared to be looking down on the Emperor’s group that had arrived at its laps, its glossy outer walls glowing with a mysterious light.

△▼△▼△▼△

——The information provided in advance regarding Yorna Mishigure, amounted to little.

One of the Nine Divine Generals, the strongest of the Vollachian Empire, and a woman who had been anointed with the rank of Seventh.

Although she held a position as a General of the Empire and was counted as one of the swords of the Emperor, she was a loose cannon who had brought unnecessary chaos upon the country by committing rebellion many times.

Zikr had been the one to supply information about the Nine Divine Generals to Subaru on the behalf of the Emperor who was incapable of communicating with others, but the only two people whose humanity he had vaguely spoken about were Yorna and Cecilus, the First.

In short——,

Subaru: [From the craziest men and women of the Empire, it’s the woman who’s the one that’s recognized as such…?]

With those words, as he mulled over what laid ahead, Subaru’s fake chest became laden.

Negotiating with the woman was the challenge at hand, but eventually he would have to face the man as well. Moreover, there was also an agreement on the fact that if they did not have him as an ally, they were almost certain to lose.

Although when he started to say the same thing, he was reminded of the talk about order that Abel had given,

Subaru: [It’s those who are far from orderly that we’ve got to deal with, isn’t it…?]

With a slight headache, Subaru muttered as he brushed a strand of hair off his forehead with his fingers.

Abel’s reasoning was deeply interesting, as expected of the Emperor, but whether it would be of use in capturing Yorna soon was debatable.

However, he was not simply trying to assert his dominance by telling Subaru something clever, instead he wished to convey something else. ——The order of the Demon City.

Chaosflame seemed to be overflowing with people and things in a chaotic and disorderly manner, but even in a pot brewing such bedlam, an “order” that would not crumble existed.

Abel had declared that this order was Yorna Mishigure.

In other words, Yorna was in possession of the ability and ingenuity to bring all this disorder together and keep it from overflowing out of the pot.

That was why Abel had not ordered her removal from the Nine Divine Generals, or even her execution, despite the fact she was a dangerous rebel with a history of multiple revolts.

Al: [But I’m sure she’s got a screw loose, and I don’t wanna get the short end of the stick, bro.]

While Subaru was lost in thought, Al, casually sitting cross-legged, laughed at him.

Subaru exhaled lighted as he peeked at Al, the latter sitting in a slouched position on the wooden floor. There were times when his calmness would save the day, but it was on a case-by-case basis.

Subaru: [Al, please behave yourself. You never know when, where, or who might be watching you. Also, please stop calling me bro.]

Al: [Hearing you out about my attitude and posture’s fine, but aside from… bro, what should I call you? Something like, bro but written as sis?] [1]

Subaru: [Isn’t that something that can’t be conveyed without the Kanji?]

The beauty of the Japanese language’s variety of expressions was mind-boggling, but at present, there was no use in increasing the number of exchanges between Subaru and Al that could only be understood by the two of them.

What they needed was a way to call each other externally.

Subaru: [Since you address Medium-san, Taritta-san and Abel as “chan”, wouldn’t it be more natural if you addressed me as such?]

Al: [Then, Natsumi-chan? Whoa, gives me goosebumps!]

Subaru: [Please withstand the urge! You lack so much composure…]

As the leader of the group, Subaru reprimanded Al, who showed the hair on his right arm standing on end.

It was a strange thing to say, but it was unavoidable, because seniority had not played a role in the selection of personnel this time around. Considering the weighty part he had to perform, tempering his behavior was something Subaru had to do.

At any rate——,

Subaru: [——We’re already inside the Crimson Lapis Castle.]

The whisper not leaving his mouth, Subaru began putting his mind in order.

Yes, Subaru and the others had already been invited to enter the Crimson Lapis Castle at the heart of the Demon City, as they had sought an audience with Yorna Mishigure, the Lord of the city.

——After the entrance to the Demon City had been accomplished, the subsequent actions were swift.

They had procured an inn in which they could stay with their Galewind Horse and carriage, booked a room, and began actions towards their goal of conquering Yorna.

Having said that, because they had already decided what steps were required on the way there, no hesitation was to be found in their actions.

The action to be taken was——,

Abel: [Deliver this to the lord of the castle, Yorna Mishigure. She should respond.]

With that, Abel handed Subaru a letter written by him.

The envelope containing the letter was enclosed with beeswax, rendering it impossible to open. It was customary for important documents to be stamped with a ring, or similar, bearing the family crest before the beeswax hardened, as proof of their origin.

However, there was no such proof stamped on the sealing wax of the letter he had been given.

Abel: [Both of the Emperor’s symbols I took with me have already been shattered. One by you, the other in the City Hall of Guaral.]

Subaru: [Oh… the Lifeblood Ritual and the Arakiya Panic , yes. But if we don’t have anything to show where it came from, I wonder if she’ll read it. Even if she does, will she really believe us?]

Abel: [There is no need for unnecessary concern. I shall not disclose the contents of the letter, but I have made it so that if she reads it, she shall know I am its writer.]

Subaru: [I see… By the way, wouldn’t it be more reliable if you went there in person?]

Subaru asked frankly as he put the letter he received in his pocket.

The reason why he had been requested to hand over the letter, was because Abel would not accompany him to the castle. It seemed like a problem that could be solved in one go had he gone along, even if it meant proving his identity and circumstances.

In the first place, hadn’t Abel gone along with them to negotiate directly with Yorna?

Technically speaking, with Abel not going there, wouldn’t it be the same as if he had stayed behind in Guaral?

Subaru: [If anything, I think the journey would’ve been much more relaxed that way, without having to worry about checkpoints along the way…]

Abel: [Your disrespect knows no bounds, does it?]

Subaru: [Because you’re disrupting our vibe all by yourself…]

More precisely, it was not restricted to just Abel; Louis’s presence, too, was one of the disruptors.

But since he wanted to give Abel a snide remark at this juncture, he put aside the matter of Louis, a specialist in disturbing Subaru’s mind.

Abel: [It goes without saying, but I shall be having a direct word with Yorna Mishigure. However, it is not convenient for me to make my entrance so prematurely. You, too, should perceive that.]

Subaru: [Perceive… Oh, yeah, that’s right.]

Abel’s grumpy words, conveyed through that oni mask, peacefully convinced Subaru.

Now you mention it, this was an opponent who had been involved in several rebellions in the past. From Yorna’s point of view, the rebellion had most likely been raised because of her dissatisfaction with Abel’s rule.

Naturally, the relationship between Abel and Yorna was like water and oil, or in some cases, like a smoldering powder keg. It’s already something that he dragged himself all the way to the Demon City.

Abel: [At present, your task is to deliver the letter to Yorna Mishigure. However, you must keep it secret that it is a missive from me… from the Emperor.]

Subaru: [Eh, why not? If I don’t say that, won’t I get turned away at the door?]

Abel: [It’s just in case. Nothing bad shall befall you for allowing her to read the letter, however I cannot read her mind before you hand it over. Therefore, be creative.]

Subaru: [Creative…]

Subaru looked at Abel in surprise as he was thrown an unexpected challenge.

The latter crossed his arms, his expression still hidden by the oni mask,

Abel: [If you look at this city, you can get a rough idea of her temperament and how she weighs her likes and dislikes. Use all the gumption you possess to get her interest.]

Subaru: [There was some malice in your phrasing!]

Abel: [I do have a back-up plan, but I would prefer to not rely on it. It shall not endure for much time. Considering my purpose, we have a long way to go. Do you comprehend that?]

Subaru: [You really are a pompous man, aren’t you…?]

Subaru’s lips curved in a grimace at the manner in which Abel spoke his instructions.

He was not afraid to side with Yorna now, and raise a rebellion against Abel. With that rumination in his consciousness, he felt like he could get along with Yorna.

If they could both have a chat about their grievances against His Majesty the Emperor, they could become best friends.

Subaru: […Well, I guess I’ll proceed in that direction then.]

Abel: [You seem to have had a flash of inspiration, however, it does not appear to be anything proper.]

As far as he was concerned, there was nothing persuasive about being told that by the initiator of something improper himself.

——And so, after going through with this, Subaru and the others had made their way to the epicenter of the Demon City, the Crimson Lapis Castle, the residence of Yorna Mishigure.

In accordance with Abel’s instructions, they were taken up to the castle while going without the mention of his name.

Although this was a somewhat unusual move, Yorna’s private soldiers, who were as unconcerned as the gate guards, ordered Subaru and the others to enter the castle and await an audience with Yorna.

All said, Subaru and the others were now spending their time inside the castle, within a large waiting room with a wooden floor, until Yorna, the lord of the castle, was ready.

There were no guards in the waiting room, and they could leave at any time if such was their will.

The laxity and carelessness of the security system was enough to make Subaru, an outsider, nervous. In the first place, things had proceeded so smoothly that even Subaru was bewildered.

Subaru: [Of course, it’s convenient, but… if they let visitors into the castle like this, with or without the General First-Class, wouldn’t they be given free rein to assassinate?]

Al: [In fact, they haven’t even taken away our weapons. I was surprised when they said we could enter with them.]

Medium: [Well, we don’t mean to be violent or anything. They won’t get mad.]

Subaru and Al were taken aback by their response, which frankly smelled more of defenseless than magnanimity. However, Medium, who had been sitting calmly beside them, laughed boisterously at their conversation.

Subaru, Al, and Medium had been the three to embark to the Crimson Lapis Castle as messengers. The remaining people, Abel, Taritta, and Louis, were currently waiting at the inn.

Since Abel could not come to the castle, one of them had to stay behind to guard him.

And since he wanted to avoid having to spare hands for Louis’s protection, who would be in no conceivable scenario be useful, their split had resulted in this.

Subaru: [I also briefly thought about the possibility that the owner of this castle likes unusual things.]

If that were the case, it was possible that the People of Shudraq, who would scarcely leave the forest, would attract Yorna’s interest; so making Taritta a member of this had come to mind.

However, leaving Abel and Louis alone at the inn was not an option, so the outcome produced was that Taritta had been left with a rather laborious load.

Al: [Even if she likes unusual things, with so many species in the city, wouldn’t one or two Taritta-chans be considered unusual now?]

Subaru: [Yes, I thought so too. That’s why we’re going with this plan.]

Medium: [Natsumi-chan, you’re so bold! I was surprised, and so was Al-chin.]

Al: [Yeah, Al-chin was so surprised.]

Even though Subaru had his reservations about Al, who shamelessly took advantage of Medium, the latter saying “Right?” with a tad of pride.

Subaru’d had a bright idea upon being asked to deliver Abel’s letter as a messenger while being disallowed to mention his name.

In fact, the reason they had been allowed to enter the castle this way, was probably because his idea had worked out so well.

Subaru: [The hint for our conquest is, ”Abel pisses me off”.]

Medium: [Haha, Natsumi-chan, you do snap at Abel, don’t you? I think it’s awesome.]

Subaru: [Awesome? Am I? Or is it Abel’s terrible character?]

Medium: [Both of them!]

Subaru: [You’ve got some nerve too, Medium-chan.]

Raising her hand cheerfully, Medium alluded to the relationship between Subaru and Abel.

The relationship between Subaru and Abel was not quite like that of water and oil, but they had no choice but to walk along the same direction; hence, they were bumping shoulders with each other as they went.

In terms of a close relationship, it could be said to be similar to that between Subaru and Julius in a time past.

However, taking in mind the stuff at Pleiades Watchtower, Subaru put a lot of faith in Julius. ——Though he would never tell him that, nor was he intending on displaying it via his attitude.

Subaru: [But it’s not that easy either, you know.]

To put it plainly, one could guess that the rivalry had faded and that they had come to terms.

However, that too was the result of a long road, as well as a reasonable quantity of peaks and valleys, having been overcome.

Improving relationships was no trivial undertaking.

A rough road would never be leveled unless both parties were willing to make it better, at the very least.

Even if one side attempted to smoothen it, as long as the other trampled and laid waste to it, it would never happen.

???: [——Thank you for your patience. Messengers, this way.]

Such bitter sentimentality was interrupted by the words of a servant who had made her appearance in the waiting room.

The girl who had shown up, was the same girl who had guided them here—— a deerperson with large antlers on her head. She was a half-beastman who, the antlers on her head aside, mostly resembled a human being.

The girl, still in her mid-teens, wrapped her slender body in a kimono -like outfit, its long hem sweeping the floor as she led Subaru and the others.

The grace of that figure and that gesture, made Subaru’s knowledge tingle slightly as he recalled something similar.

With Subaru not being capable of putting a finger on it, the girl who was guiding them conducted them to the upper parts of the Crimson Lapis Castle—— to the very top level.

The construction of the Crimson Lapis Castle gave the impression that it was closer to the old-fashioned Japanese castles in Subaru’s knowledge, rather than the Western-style castles that he had grown used to seeing. Naturally, the materials used and the architectural style were different, but the interior and the way the floor had been designed with big open spaces gave him the aforementioned impression.

One of the reasons for this, could be the fact that here and there people clad in a kimono could be seen, together with the girl who had been showing them around.

In any case, Subaru and the others followed the guide in a well-behaved manner, having been brought to a room where they would meet Yorna.

???: [Please wait here. ——Yorna-sama shall be here shortly.]

Subaru: [Yes, thank you… Oh?]

After thanking the girl for showing him around, Subaru was ushered into the hall, where he tilted his head.

The reason for this was the presence of previous guests in the hall. ——Within the atrium, there were figures other than the three of them who had been ushered in, all facing away as Subaru’s gang entered from the back of the room.

That neither of the figures was Yorna, the lord of the castle, was clear from the fact that the chair placed at the far end of the room was empty.

Subaru: [Those people over there are …]

???: [These are the people who, much like you, have requested a meeting with Yorna-sama. Yorna-sama is a capricious person, so she wishes to see everyone at once.]

Subaru: [Yes…]

Subaru groaned a little from the difficulty of nodding at the girl’s nonchalant words.

It was an idea that was not only unreasonable, but also illogical. In the first place, even if such a situation had been arranged, it would be an extremely awkward one for people who did not even know each other.

There were times a party would wish the contents of their words would go unheard by strangers.

Al: [And that’s exactly what we are, Natsumi-chan.]

Subaru: […If you call me that, then I’ll get goosebumps too.]

Having had his innermost thoughts peeked into and been called out, he replied to Al.

In fact, albeit the details of the letter he had brought along were unclear, it would undoubtedly describe the circumstances in which Abel had been forced to abdicate his throne, and request Yorna’s cooperation as a foothold to regain it.

Since they had no clue about Yorna’s personality, what her reaction to the letter was likewise unknown. At the very least, Abel had stated that she would not wrong them, were she able to read the missive.

Servant: [Please wait inside. Yorna-sama is here.]

Ignoring Subaru and Al, who were whispering to each other, the girl who was leading the way bowed and stepped back.

Of course, stopping her would not change the situation. If the one who had ordered her to do so was her master, Yorna, it would be pointless to blame her for this.

Medium: [So, what are we gonna do?]

Medium tilted her head as she shook her tied-up hair as she pleased, and touched the twin blades on the back of her waist.

She was quietly following Subaru and the others’ plans, which made her surprisingly reasonable. Medium, who gave the impression of being uninhibited and emotional, was, however, obedient to the directions she had been given.

Perhaps this was the result of the partition of roles between her and Flop in their journey as a duo.

Subaru rubbed his eyes in response to Medium’s straightforward and honest question, rocked his head, and with a “We can’t do anything about this”, he stepped into the room.

Subaru: [Just in case, let’s ask her to clear the room before handing her the letter. We may be refused, but things are what they are. There’s no harm in trying.]

Al: [If it were the Princess, there’s a chance she would have your head chopped off, saying it didn’t suit her fancy, y’know?]

Subaru: [Please don’t give me such an example…]

Having been presented with this most extreme of cases made him become more wary of Yorna, who may also be one such extreme being.

As Subaru hesitated a little to enter the hall, Al tapped him on the shoulder,

Al: [Don’t worry. I told you. I’ll lend you a hand. Today, I ain’t gonna let br… Natsumi-chan get into any trouble.]

Subaru: [Al… You’re the one who’s making me nervous.]

With those words, Subaru then glared at Al’s hand on his shoulder. Al hurriedly withdrew his hand, but for better or worse, his shoulders had relaxed.

Accepting Al’s sentiment with gratitude, the three of them also stepped into the hall.

The atmosphere of the large hall was, the absence of tatami mats excluded, akin to that of a tatami room in a historical drama, where the lord of the castle would hold council with his vassals.

Same went for the messengers in the seats below, waiting for the lord of the castle to make their appearance in the upper seat.

Subaru: [For the moment, let’s stay over here, shall we?]

Advancing through the hall, Subaru settled down in a position opposite to that of the previous guest.

It seemed strange to sit in front of or behind the guests, so he took a position on either side of the hall, keeping a slight distance from them. In historical dramas, there was a strange pattern in which the vassals would deploy to the left and right of the lord of the castle, leaving the front of the hall open. And they had ended up in a matching arrangement.

Pondering that this coincidence was strange, Subaru took a glance at the guests that were there before.

The other party amounted to four people, and like them, they had kept their weapons on their bodies. Among them was one devoid of weapons, sitting a tad ahead of the other three.

Perhaps that person was their representative, and the other three their guards.

Subaru: [They all seem more dependable than Al…]

So did Subaru speak, while looking sideways at the three guards and trampled all over Al’s earlier concern.

Moving on, he turned his attention to the front of the guards, to the person being protected by them, even though he thought it rude.

What kind of person had required to seek audience with Yorna, and for what purpose——,

Subaru: [——Hk.]

At that very moment, Subaru’s throat tightened up due to shock, his cheeks and neck completely frozen stiff.

An inaudible voice leaked out, and as he turned his face down in a panicked reaction, the person in question heard the sound, then directed their gaze towards him.

However, having seen Subaru’s face directed downwards and in line with the elevated seat in front of them, his gaze fell away, as if he was not interested, and his attention was diverted.

Sensing this, Subaru took a gentle breath at the explosive beating of his heart.

Al and Medium behind him seemed to think it strange to see Subaru like this, but they soon would experience the same jolt that Subaru had.

Because——,

Subaru: […You’ve got to be kidding me.]

That was Subaru’s bitter complaint, and, just five meters next to him, waiting for Yorna Mishigure to make their appearance——,

——Was a man donning the same visage as Abel, who was not supposed to be here.

Translation Notes:

[1] – 姉妹って書いて兄弟？The word 兄弟 (Kyoudai) refers to “Bro” but can also be used generically as siblings. And that reading for Kyoudai can apply to the female siblings version 姉妹 – which is the pun Al is making in Japanese, hence prompting Subaru’s response, since when spoken the word “Kyoudai” is used for both readings.

--- Chapter 37: The Lord of the Crimson Lapis Castle ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

—— Towering at the heart of the Demon City of Chaosflame, the Crimson Lapis Castle.

The city looked like a wedding cake with no sense of unity, created by painting chaos on top of disorder —— beams and scaffolding of different materials and styles had been strung together, and the castle, with its alternating shimmering red and blue hues, was one-of-a-kind, amidst the Demon City. A city that could not be understood without a certain artistic vein.

To begin with, the word “lapis lazuli” essentially referred to the color blue, so utilizing the word “crimson” in conjunction would be contradictory. However, a glance at the exterior of the Crimson Lapis Castle would convince anyone that such usage was accurate.

The stone used abundantly in the foundation and framework of the castle was, as its name implied, quite literally lapis lazuli.

The jewel emitted a deep-blue luster, and within said gem, crimson was swirling, like a drop of blood slowly dropped into water. So occasionally this supposedly-blue lapis lazuli would be clad in a red glow like that of ichor.

A castle of chaos, clad in ever-changing colors, refusing to stay as one single shade.

That was the Crimson Lapis Castle of the Demon City, the residence of its Lord, Yorna Mishigure.

Subaru: [————]

Having been summoned to the top-most floor, where he would soon meet Yorna, Subaru’s back was drenched in cold sweat.

The reason behind this was because he laid eyes upon a group of people waiting for Yorna in the same keep—— and in that group, a face that should not be there was present.

Accompanied by three men who appeared to be his escorts, there sitting with all the composure in the world was a familiar black-haired fiendish figure—— That was to say, it was none other than the countenance of that who was supposed to be waiting for him at the inn, Abel.

But there was no way that they could have possibly come across him here. It was for this reason that Subaru and the others had gone to the Crimson Lapis Castle as messengers without him.

In other words, the reason he was here, even though it was impossible was——,

Subaru: [——He’s a fake, disguised as the Emperor.]

Muttering this to himself, Subaru’s face turned stark white.

They had been told beforehand that there was someone who looked like Abel and behaved like him. The accuracy and suddenness of the encounter had floored him, but that was why he held no doubt about it.

He was one of the Nine Divine Generals, the body double of Emperor Vincent Vollachia——,

Medium: [Eh, Abel-chin? Why are you here… Mguh.]

Al: [Whoa, everything’s aight, Medium-chan. Al-chin’s here.]

Behind a Subaru frozen in shock, a dangerous scene occurred.

Having found a familiar face in the crowd, Medium then approached in a friendly manner. Al rapidly covered her mouth and pulled her backwards. Although Medium was taller than him, she obeyed quietly, even though she was surprised at the outburst of the one-armed man.

A close call, but Medium’s action had been negated.

???: [——?]

But the exchange seemed to have attracted some suspicion from the other party. Aside from the man with the same face as Abel, a man with yellow-green hair, someone who was probably his bodyguard, glared towards them as well.

That said——,

Subaru: [That was a nice follow , Al.]

Al: [Yeah, I’d like to pat myself on the back for my godly reaction, too… But that guy’s a lil’ bit too much of a surprise , ain’t he?]

Subaru: […Yes. I agree.]

As Al retracted Medium, Subaru nodded with a serious face next to him.

Battling with an unforeseen opponent—— and the worst collision imaginable. With this turn of events, it was fortunate that Abel was not with them at this moment.

Had he been present, it would have sparked the start of the battle to determine the true Emperor of Vollachia.

Subaru: [Perhaps that’s an option as well…]

Glancing over at the three guards accompanying the man donning Abel’s face, Subaru was being cajoled by temptation.

The vastness of the troops hiding inside and outside the city was unclear, but at least there were only three of them belonging to him here—— He was a false Emperor protected by tens of thousands of Imperial Soldiers within the Imperial Capital, but here and now would be a great opportunity to unmask him.

Subaru: [——No, it’s too soon to tell.]

If they were to believe Abel’s words, the position of the Emperor was no cradle of peace.

Abel never even shut both of his eyes simultaneously in public, constantly on alert for people attempting to slay him in his sleep. Considering the position of Emperor was one in which this was a normal behavior, even if this Emperor was an imitation, it was unthinkable that he would make a public appearance devoid of any protection.

In other words, either the three people he brought with him as guards were quite powerful, or he had other measures in place.

Al: [You wanna take a shot and see if it works?]

Subaru: [If it were easy to continue , that could be an option. However, what I’m more afraid of’s a development we can’t recover from. So, please, don’t do anything rash.] [1]

Al: [Yeah, yeah.]

Subaru did not know how serious he was, but Al appeared to not mind the rejection of his proposal.

Al’s opinions tended to be rejected relatively often, but that was only because he tended to come up with them faster than Subaru could, giving them time to calmly assess it.

This reduced the number of detours in his train of thought, and allowed him to spend more time examining proper options.

At the very least, they should find a way to get through this without upsetting the false Emperor and his group. He also wished to determine the purpose of the other party’s visit.

Why had he made his appearance in Chaosflame with this timing?

Plus, even though things were in reality different, it appeared like the Emperor himself had shown up.

Medium: [Mm~! Mmphn~!]

In the midst of his thoughts, Medium, who had her mouth covered, groaned something.

She had been forced to step back without explanation, and her mouth was being kept shut, so her indignation was understandable. Al released her with a “Sorry, sorry”,

Medium: [Pffhaaa, that was tough!]

Al: [Sorry, I didn’t notice. It’s not like I did it on purpose just because of how soft Medium-chan’s cheeks are.]

Subaru: [The more you say, the more the sexual harassment allegations increase.]

Medium: [I don’t really get it, but more importantly!]

Al’s excuse was met with a blank stare from Subaru, and Medium, who took a breath with all her might, thrust a finger at them with both hands.

Subaru and Al both recoiled from her forcefulness, and then,

Medium: [You know, I still don’t really get it but… is that Abel-chin a different person from the Abel-chin we know?]

Al: [Oh yeah, you ain’t wrong. After all, the real one’s supposed to be sitting in an inn downtown, waiting for us to come back, right? That’s why we’re in a pickle…]

Medium: [Wouldn’t that be bad? Because of Natsumi’s plan?]

Subaru: [Me? What have I done… Ah .]

Medium pointed out that although she did not grasp the details, she comprehended the essence of the problem. Subaru, frowning at being the subject of her point, immediately understood her concern.

Medium’s point, and what she intended to do, was obvious.

And it was something that Subaru and Al should have realized before she had spoken.

Of course, there would be no time to take action once the realization dawned on them. Even so, they should have been prepared enough to discuss how to proceed——,

Deergirl: [——Yorna Mishigure-sama has arrived.]

Without giving them a chance, it was the deergirl acting as a guide to announce that their time had run out.

Upon her reappearance, the girl lowered her large horned head and bowed to Subaru, the false Emperor, and their groups. Then opening the door at the front of the hall, she voiced, “Come in”.

At that moment a figure slowly stepped into the room, and upon seeing their figure with his own eyes, Subaru succeeded in putting the impression he had of the deergirl into words.

Subaru’s conception of the deergirl, was that she resembled a kamuro .

Kamuros were apprentice prostitutes who worked in Japanese red light districts in the olden days, learning etiquette and the arts while taking care of the other prostitutes in these glamorous pleasure districts.

The unexpectedly stylish kimono and hair ornaments were likely what had brought such a notion to Subaru.

More than anything else though, was the person who brought the girl in question with her——,

Subaru: [————]

The reason why Subaru had succeeded in using “kamuro” for the girl, was precisely because of the person who had made its entrance.

Forgetting to breathe and regarding that other person with eyes wide open was a reaction arisen from instinct. Because his mind had been corrupted, his consciousness was dominated by a human being so beautiful and overwhelming.

Yorna: [——There are a lot of guests today, aren’t there?]

The one to speak those words, was a tall woman, as she narrowed her almond-shaped blue eyes.

Her tall, slender body was wrapped in a bright kimono with a floral pattern, and her hair, which faded from white to orange progressively as it reached the tips, was tied with care and allure.

Her hair was adorned with kanzashi fashioned from animal bones and horns, and many other hair ornaments made of fangs and scales played a role in pleasing the eyes of those laying their eyes upon it. [2]

However, they were merely ornaments, forms of beauty crafted by human hands.

In order to truly exhibit their charm, the person being put on display, and the quality of their inner nature was important.

And in this regard, the quality of the person wearing the kimono was something that need not be questioned.

Yorna: [————]

Her beauty was stunning as she moved her svelte body in a supple and relaxed manner.

Those sophisticated gestures and actions that seemed to have taken the eyes of the beholder into consideration, despite the somewhat languid atmosphere, were glimpses of the optimal solution to the act of attracting focus.

What made the impression of the shuffling gait even more striking were the fox tails that looked too large for her slender body—— nine of them, with rich fur.

Given the fact that her hair was tied up in a bun, the kanzashi, and between all her hair ornaments, were perked-up animal ears, the information that she was a beautiful foxwoman, clad in a kimono , seeped into his brain like the smell of liquor.

Yorna: [Welcome to my castle, you’ve come a long way.]

With that, she sat on the chair in the upper part of the hall and threw out her long, supple legs, resting her weight on the armrest. She reached out her hand, and the kamuro girl who followed her held a fine, gold-painted kiseru in her pale fingers. [3]

The beautiful woman lit the end of the kiseru in her hand and smiled bewitchingly, as she let the rising purple smoke fill her lungs.

She was sitting in the seat of honor, looking down at her guest—— the Emperor of Vollachia seated below.

Yorna: [————]

Her majestic and gorgeous appearance, her way of speech, and her manner of wearing the kimono , exposing her thin shoulders, allied with the presence of the kamuro accompanying her, reminded Subaru of the words “prostitute” and “courtesan”.

Of course, Subaru had never seen a brothel or a prostitute in person. It was just knowledge he had acquired from period dramas and other works that dealt with past epochs, but there was nothing else that came to mind.

——No, to say that there was a lack of further words to describe her would be an overstatement.

At this juncture, there was undoubtedly another word to describe her. It was true that she was both beautiful, and it was true she behaved like a prostitute; however, taking precedence over that, she held the position of Seventh among the Nine Divine Generals——,

???: [——Yorna Mishigure.]

The beautiful woman who appeared—— Yorna Mishigure, was called by name, then directed her gaze at the man who had named her.

On the wooden floor, their eyes focused on Yorna’s own blue ones, was the fake Emperor—— for the purpose of differentiating him from Abel he would be called Vincent, but it was him.

Subaru: [Naturally, the same voice…]

Only a scant quantity of words had been issued, but the voice was very much that of Abel’s.

Apparently, the resemblance was not only in appearance, but also voice. However, provided his appearance was being copied, that the voice would be likewise similar was natural. Henceforth, there had been no shock.

Rather, Subaru gasped at the sight of Vincent and Yorna facing each other.

They quietly looked at each other and exchanged glances; their appearance was as magnificent as a painting.

A beautiful and lustrous beauty, and an Emperor with a magical appearance that miraculously combined dignity and majesty. What kind of event would the meeting between the two on this day leave in the history of the Empire?

Whether this affair would lead to love or bloodshed would depend on what was to come.

Subaru: […What on earth’s the purpose of their visit?]

Why Vincent’s party had come to the Demon City was currently something that was currently unreadable.

The reaction to their encounter with them and Yorna’s entrance was what took priority, but regarding the aim of Vincent’s visit—— What was the purpose in him having come to one of the Nine Divine Generals who kept rebelling?

Provided he was playing the role of the true Emperor, he must hold some legitimacy. However, why would Yorna welcome the Emperor, given that there was bad blood between them, into the castle?

If he were to end up saying that, due to Yorna’s position, she could not refuse it, then that would be all she wrote.

Yorna: [My oh my, Your Excellency, it’s been a long time.]

As Subaru had a rough time with those thoughts, to his front, Yorna smiled with the corners of her eyes lowered, inserting the kiseru in her mouth. Then exhaling a puff of purple smoke, she closed one eye rudely, and said,

Yorna: [I’m honored to have the privilege of seeing your countenance. No matter how many times I’ve invited you to the Demon City, you’ve never come.]

Vincent: [An invitation, is it?]

Without touching on the two instances of disrespect, her posture and the smoke, Vincent frowned in displeasure.

Then, crossing his slim arms and tapping his elbows with his fingers while in thought,

Vincent: [Raising an army against me every so often was your invitation? If so, my response would have been evident.]

Yorna: [Yes, indeed. That’s correct, but my neck’s still connected to my chest. In addition, it seems that you don’t have that troublesome little boy with you today.]

Vincent: [————]

Yorna: [Yes, my chest’s throbbing with excitement to think that my feelings may have reached you. Please forgive me.]

Yorna cleared her throat and let out a chuckle. Her seductive tone of voice and smile, however, did not cause Vincent to waver in his expression.

Vincent’s perfection as a false Emperor was remarkable, but at the same time, Subaru was concerned about Yorna’s attitude—— about the passion in her eyes and words toward Vincent.

It had only been a brief exchange, but in Subaru’s eyes, the two of them——,

Al: [No way, did that girl plot rebellion just to get Abel-chan’s attention?]

Subaru: […I really hope you’re wrong.]

Al seemed to have arrived at the same conclusion as Subaru, those words causing Subaru to clack his molars.

He preferred that one of the Empire’s greatest warriors would not be someone to deploy their army out of a personal grudge, and it was hard to imagine that there would be anyone around with feelings of goodwill towards Abel, while the latter did not consider them a person.

That was the main reason for the tense state of Subaru’s cheeks, but something more important existed.

That being the pretext for Subaru and the others to request an audience with Yorna in the first place.

It was an attempt to capture her attention with the slogan “Abel pisses me off”, with the presumption that it would not get through to anyone who was favorable to Abel.

Were the unpleasant imaginations of Subaru and the others true, it would be a not-so-entertaining matter for Yorna. Yet, in spite of this, she’d shown Subaru’s group up into the castle.

In fact, that would be why she’d had them being sat alongside none other than Vincent’s party.

???: [General First-Class Yorna, is that behavior not a disrespectful one to take? What are you thinking?]

Yorna: [Hmm?]

While Subaru and the others were worried about the unclear situation, the Emperor’s group continued their conversation.

In Vincent’s stead, who had fallen silent, the figure with yellow-green hair that appeared to be Vincent’s bodyguard was the one to cause Yorna to raise her eyebrows.

A man with short, upswept hair, with a portion hanging down as long braids; he seemed to be about the same age as Vincent, perhaps a little older.

Clothed with a sand-colored cloak over light armor of black color, his face and physique gave the impression of being as sharp as a wire. His piercing eyes glared at Yorna as if to denounce her.

Yorna: [So you there with His Excellency, you’re…]

Kafma: [I am Kafma Irulux. I have been ordered to accompany His Excellency. I was planning on only being a bodyguard, but… your demeanor is disgusting.]

Yorna: [My attitude, is it? What do you mean by that?]

Kafma: [Everything!]

Yorna’s words sounded leisurely, to which the man who called himself Kafma became enraged.

He glared at Yorna and pointed his hand at Subaru and the others witnessing the scene in silence,

Kafma: [In the first place, why do you want others to be present here! This is your castle, but at the same time, a territory of the Empire… Did you forget that fact!?]

Yorna: [Of course I did not forget. I belong to His Excellency.]

Kafma: [I am not talking about that! You guys there, you guys!]

Subaru: [Wha!? Us!?]

With Kafma’s anger being directed at them, Subaru’s shoulders trembled, startled. He would have preferred to be left alone, outside of their attention, if possible, but that was quite hopeful.

However, when someone asked you something, there was a way to take advantage.

Subaru: [Um, are we interrupting something? If so, we’ll come back another day…]

Yorna: [That’d be a problem. I have a limited number of hours in a day, and if you miss today, I don’t know when the next time will be.]

Kafma: [Do not keep them here! Those girls are probably feeling awkward too!]

Subaru: [Yes, yes, that’s right.]

For some reason, Yorna was trying to keep Subaru’s group present, but Kafma somehow agreed with Subaru. As long as he was by the false Emperor’s side, he and Kafma were enemies, but the latter’s words and actions were so upright that he seemed to be the sole ally in this situation.

However——,

Vincent: [Yorna Mishigure, what are you thinking?]

Suddenly, the one to break the tension was Vincent Vollachia—— the false emperor himself.

After he spoke, Kafma, who had been worked up, immediately backed down. Even though the voice and the face were familiar, Subaru also felt his guts shrink.

Even though he was cognizant that he was a fake, the feeling of intimidation was genuine.

Vincent: [Answer. What are you thinking?]

Having silenced both his servant and the uninvited attendee, Vincent inquired Yorna yet again.

In response to that question and the high spirits, Yorna narrowed her eyes slightly. Gently bringing the kiseru to her mouth, allowing the fluttering purple smoke into her lungs, she exhaled sweetly, giving exaggerated emphasis to her answer.

Kafma’s cheeks tugged slightly at the disrespect of keeping the Emperor waiting yet again,

Yorna: [Of course, I am always thinking about Your Excellency… About Your Excellency the Emperor of Vollachia.]

Vincent: [————]

Yorna: [Hehe. Don’t give me those cold eyes. But I’m sure His Excellency will be more pleased if you knock the guests over there down a few pegs, right?]

With a small laugh and a confident attitude, Yorna pointed at Subaru and the others with her chin.

Then, for the first time, Vincent’s consciousness turned his attention to Subaru’s group. He must have judged that there was a reason for the previous exchange, aside from Yorna’s whims.

In order to stop this bad turn of events, Subaru cleared his throat with a “Ahem”, in preparation for a reprimand,

Subaru: [I’m sorry, but I have a new suggestion. We seem to be in the wrong place and there are some things we should most likely not hear. We’d like to step back and go to…]

Yorna: [My oh my, that’s a very timid thing to say.]

Subaru’s words were interrupted as he bent at the waist and attempted to leave the scene politely.

Noticing Yorna’s eyes hidden by the purple smoke for only a moment, and the glint of childishness therein contained, with an “Oh” Subaru realized that he had committed a misstep.

If he was going to go back, he should have made the decision upon seeing the faces of the people ahead of him.

He had misjudged it, and now ended up regretting it.

Because——,

Yorna: [I heard it from Tanza… You came here to tempt me into becoming the enemy of His Most Gracious Excellency the Emperor, didn’t you?]

And, such was the manner in which she disclosed the entirety of their intentions.

Translation notes:

[1] The expression used by Subaru here is commonly used in the connotation of “restarting a video game from a savepoint”. With that, the meaning of the sentence is more like “If we could just rewind/restart, that would be an option”.

[2] Kanzashi (簪) are hair ornaments used in some traditional Japanese hairstyles, referring to a wide variety of accessories such as rigid hairpins.

[3] A kiseru (煙管) is a Japanese smoking pipe traditionally used for smoking a small serving of kizami (刻みタバコ or 刻み for short), a finely-shredded tobacco product resembling hair. The sturdier and longer ones sometimes would double as weapons for self defense.

--- Chapter 38: A Reward Eight Years in the Making ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

——”Abel pisses me off”.

Subaru had believed this slogan to be a good strategy for conquering the Flamboyant, Yorna Mishigure.

After all, Zikr, a man of distinguished character, had branded her as an owner of a destruction wish, someone who had, time and time again, raised an insurrection.

Subaru’s pretext for requesting an audience with her, was that “a suitably powerful person wished to speak to her privately in order to rebel against the current Emperor of Vollachia”.

Subaru’s group of three were visiting the Crimson Lapis Castle with a missive from that powerful man.

In truth, he had not told a single lie.

The “current Emperor of Vollachia” was none other than the one who had ousted Abel, having usurped his name and position. The “suitably powerful person” who wanted to talk privately happened to also be the real Emperor, the one supposed to be sitting on the throne, so there was no falsehood in his words.

Subaru’s aim was to ensure that the letter from Abel was received no matter what. If necessary to achieve this goal, they would tell as many lies as possible.

Subaru: [This is what Natsumi Schwartz’s plan is all about…!]

In the end, he had been applauded by Al and Medium for his ingenuity.

However——,

Kafma: [——Rebels against His Excellency, you say?]

With what had been said to Yorna now laid bare, the atmosphere of the hall grew more gelid.

Kafma Irulux, Vincent’s bodyguard, who had been the most passionate person in the hall for a while now, exuded a hostility that could be mistaken for cold air.

Subaru could tell by the sternness of his gaze that a peaceful exit from this place was no longer possible.

——”A schemer drowns in his own tricks”, that phrase that had never before been more veracious for him.

Subaru: [But aren’t the timing and lack of shared information both Abel’s fault…?]

Kafma: [Keep your mouth shut. ——General First-Class Yorna.]

Kafma silenced Subaru, who cursed Abel for getting him into this absurd situation. With that, he then thrusted his steely gaze toward Yorna,

Kafma: [Did you knowingly allow His Excellency and these people to attend at the same time?]

Yorna: [————]

Kafma: [I want you to answer!]

As Kafma raised his voice, his anger was not directed at neither the increasingly anxious Subaru nor his group, but rather at Yorna for having created this tense situation.

The reason for this was not because the blame lay with Yorna.

In simpler terms, it was a sign that they did not regard Subaru and the others as a threat.

In fact, the fighting spirit emitted by Kafma, now standing up vigorously, gave Subaru the feeling that he was as strong and threatening as Arakiya, whom he had encountered at the City Hall in Guaral.

At the very least, there was no doubt that he was powerful enough to be assigned to accompany the Emperor.

From his perspective, it was probably inevitable that Subaru, who went without saying, but even Al, and Medium would be judged as being unworthy of caution.

Al: [We’re the ones this concerns but we’re being excluded? Is that good or bad…?]

Feeling the same about Al’s dim complaint, the tense exchange continued, with Subaru and the others not included in it. Kafma questioned Yorna, who put her mouth on her kiseru and let out a puff of purple smoke.

Then she tilted her head with an “I wonder…”, as she shook her vibrant hair ornaments.

Yorna: [What do you mean by, “knowingly”?]

Kafma: [How shameless…! As I have repeatedly advised His Excellency, you are still dangerous.]

Yorna: [You’re stating the obvious. With all the disorder I’ve made… do you perhaps not know what I’ve done?]

Kafma: [—— Hk .]

Yorna’s words, that could not be thought of as anything other than a provocation, caused a vein to bulge out on Kafma’s forehead.

Albeit odd, from what he could gather from their exchange, Subaru found himself agreeing with Kafma. Yorna’s personality was honestly the worst, even from Subaru’s point of view.

Although they had readied themselves for a certain degree of viciousness based on her reputation, it had exceeded their expectations.

However, it seemed that she was not simply planning to give up Subaru and his group, who were plainly rebellious elements, to Vincent and his men, who happened to be visiting.

The air was too far tense for a scene in which traitors were being presented to the Emperor.

Most of all——,

Vincent: [——As usual, your taste is repulsive.]

And then, disregarding Yorna’s intentions, Vincent’s voice was loosed.

At Vincent’s cold words, Yorna raised her shapely eyebrows slightly,

Yorna: [Oh, does it not suit your taste, Your Excellency?]

Vincent: [ Preposterous . If too one-sided, it is akin to letting a rabbit hunt a dog. I have not grown tired of the Empire to the point of making mere cruelty an amusement.]

Vincent’s statement was one of indifference, but with a definite air of authority.

Taking it in stride, through the gaps of her tied-up hair, Yorna’s fox ears quivered. Subaru could not ascertain what sort of emotion she was expressing.

However, the same went for Vincent’s feelings.

Subaru: [————]

What sort of storm would brew in his heart upon confronting rebels face-to-face?

Understanding the inner thoughts of the fake Emperor was even more difficult than imagining the thoughts of the real one, especially when he knew that the person in front of him was an imposter.

The fake must think badly of Abel, as he had driven the other away, but——,

Subaru: [Can’t be stupid enough to let it show…]

Vincent: [——You.]

Subaru: [——Hk!]

Subaru gasped for breath as Vincent’s black eyes pierced straight through him. In an instant, Subaru was forbidden even to avert his eyes, and while still unprepared, he locked eyes with his greatest foe.

His face was a replica of the real one, though how it had been made was unclear.

Both the genuine and the fake possessed the same sharp black eyes that attempted to peer through one’s every action. This made Subaru’s insides squirm——,

Vincent: [If you have something to say, say it now.]

Subaru: […Those are some annoying eyes.]

Kafma: [Wha…!]

Subaru: [Ah! No, no, no! I didn’t mean it like that! It was just unintentional!]

At the most inopportune time, the questioning of the false Emperor coincided with a leak of annoyance.

Kafma was lost for words, his face one of absolute surprise, after Subaru hurled verbal abuse straight at the Emperor. Subaru then gave a hurried wave of his hand, to which Vincent closed one eye and became silent.

He was surprised, but at the same time, he regarded Subaru as if assessing him.

The look the real Abel had directed at Subaru in the Buddheim Jungle, the Shudraqian village, and the City Hall in Guaral—— this one was of the same kind as those.

Subaru: [Uh, anyway, we…]

At his back, Al and Medium were also watching the situation with bated breath.

Subaru’s shocking rant must have put them under a lot of pressure. The atmosphere in the hall was cold and tense, and one additional gaffe would shatter it into pieces.

The situation they had been put into was too painful to begin with.

Not just Yorna but Kafma as well were not the kind of opponents that Subaru and his group could compete with.

If that were the case, wouldn’t it be wiser to recant their opinion to Yorna, emphasize that them being rebels was outrageous, bow their heads, and leave? Even if it would make the scene bland?

With that in mind, Subaru tried to loosen the corners of his mouth in an attempt to put on an amiable smile.

——Subaru then realized Yorna’s gaze homed in on him, with nary a motion.

Yorna: [————]

In silence, Yorna watched Subaru’s movements as she took a drag of her kiseru .

It was a very ambiguous look, neither disinterested nor indifferent. Uncertain as the rising purple smoke, it was like a phantom that disappeared even when one tried to grasp it.

He thought it would be deeply foolish to try to rely on it.

However, Subaru had a hunch that this was a turning point.

That gaze, on the verge of losing interest in Subaru’s group, was not as capricious as to consider taking back what had once been given up on. The opinions discarded here could never be scooped up again.

In other words, Yorna Mishigure’s cooperation could nevermore be obtained.

It was synonymous with blocking the way to an unreliable victory in the dark.

Therefore——,

Vincent: [——Answer me carefully. What were you going to say to me.]

Subaru: [Well, um——]

At Vincent’s question, Subaru took a heartbeat too long to look up.

Kafma, beside the false Emperor, narrowed his eyes and turned his attention to Subaru. Behind him, Al and Medium’s tensions swelled, while Yorna sustained a mouthful of purple smoke in her lungs.

Seeing those changes at the corner of his eye, Subaru looked at Vincent, and declared,

Subaru: [It is as Yorna-sama said. We are declaring war on you.]

Yes, as if clinging onto a position that he should not withdraw from, a piece that he should not give up on.

Rem, who was waiting for his return in Guaral, Abel, who was absent, and Al and Medium, who were bracing themselves behind him, had entrusted Subaru with this decision.

In order for Natsuki Subaru not to misunderstand the significance and weight of this, and not throw it all away——,

Vincent: [————]

Vincent’s dark eyes flickered slightly upon hearing the hostile declaration.

Subaru’s insightfulness was not able to decipher which emotion it corresponded to; joy, anger, sorrow, or pleasure. Instead, he experienced the rapid parching of his tongue, brought by the enthusiasm of his own words.

Naturally so. Unlike Abel, who had been deprived of his real power as the Emperor of the Vollachian Empire, which boasted of a vast territory, the fake Emperor in front of him was the one who definitely held it as leverage.

Had Vincent not raised a hand to halt Kafma after hearing the gaffe from earlier, the latter would have exploded in rage and Subaru’s life would have been cut short.

But that had not come to pass. Vincent would not allow it to happen.

Yorna: [Kuhu…]

Looking down at the confrontation between Subaru and Vincent from her high seat, Yorna let a faint sound slip out from her throat.

A chuckle escaped from the corner of her mouth as smoke leaked out of her mouth, and her shoulders trembled with amusement. It seemed that Subaru’s life-threatening pronouncement had taken an effect in relieving her boredom, at least.

Vincent: [What are you laughing at, Yorna Mishigure?]

Yorna: [First of all, these guests have not retracted their words. In addition, the three of them might possibly put His Excellency’s life in jeopardy… What do you think?]

Vincent: [Do not taunt me, woman. Even you, who believes in disobeying me, understands my intentions.]

Vincent’s expression did not change as he met Yorna’s provocative gaze.

Like that, he once again cast his dark eyes to Subaru, who had declared his hostility.

Vincent: [This is the land of the Sword Wolf. Only if you possess the mettle to aim at my head can you truly be called a citizen of the Empire.]

Subaru: […That’s very sweet of you, isn’t it?]

Vincent: [Hmph.]

With a snort, Vincent dismissed Subaru’s sarcasm with a laugh.

Vincent’s behavior, the way he responded included, was a perfect facsimile of the real thing. If Abel were here, he would have responded exactly the same way.

That Abel was together with Subaru and the others made the latter suspect the possibility that he was the false Emperor.

Although in that case, Subaru and the remaining people would be at a complete impasse, so he wished for it to not be the case.

Vincent: [But the value of my head is not so low that I can hand it to you that easily.]

Subaru: [——. Then, what do you intend to do with us?]

Vincent: [Well, that’s the problem.]

The statement acknowledged Subaru and the others who had shown outright defiance to the Emperor by getting the better of Kafma, who was on the verge of a violent outburst. However, the following words showed that there was no change in the cold gaze Vincent directed at his opponents.

Even if he valued their spirit, there was no reason for him to give allowance to those who sought to harm him.

Subaru’s and Vincent’s black eyes met, the atmosphere of the room an infernal blaze.

Yorna: [Oh, I’m a sinful woman, too. When I see men fighting over me like this, it makes me quite excited.]

Kafma: [As if it were someone else’s problem… First, there are more women over there than men. Saying men is not accurate.]

Yorna: [Kuhu.]

Yorna let out her impressions, which really stuck out like a sore thumb, about the staring contest between Subaru and Vincent.

In reaction, Kafma’s face grew increasingly angry.

Kafma: [My Excellency! Order me! Those people are…]

???: [——Kafma, ya did that thingy… You’ve been makin’ a bit of a ruckus for a while now.]

Fed up with the stalemate, Kafma attempted to appeal directly to Vincent. However, it was not Vincent who interrupted him, nor was it Yorna, but someone else.

Subaru: [Ah…]

Subaru’s mouth involuntarily let out an exhale as he turned to the direction of the voice.

The voice had been so far outside of Subaru’s consciousness that the very fact that it had been uttered startled him.

It was one of the three people Vincent had brought along as escorts—— a small figure sitting cross-legged on the wooden floor, someone other than Kafma.

???: [Ya know, most things work out better when His Excellency’s the one ta do the thinkin’ rather than us. We’re seriously goin’ to be in the way if we keep yappin’, really.]

It was a wrinkled old man who spoke those words, his hair colored white, donning long eyebrows.

He was an old man who had carefully crafted an atmosphere of annoyance in both the tone and content of his speech. His appearance was so striking that it was hard to understand why he had not been seen before.

——No, he had been in sight. It was just that he had been out of awareness.

Perhaps that is what it meant to truly be out of sight.

Once the old man pointed this out, Kafma turned to him and said, “But”,

Kafma: [It would be the duty of a loyal subject to remove His Excellency’s troubles, Master Olbart!]

Olbart: [When ya call yerself a loyal subject, doesn’t it sound like a prelude ta someone bein’ purged for bein’ self-servin’? I don’t like the idea of choppin’ off the head of a promisin’ young man.]

Kafma: [Guh… Hk.]

Shaking his head lazily, the old man—— the one called Olbart, picked at his ear. Kafma’s cheeks tensed up, making one wonder what kind of pressure he had felt from that gesture.

However, Kafma was not the only one who had caused their cheeks to stiffen. Upon hearing the name mentioned, Subaru’s cheeks tensed up as well.

Subaru: [Master, Olbart…]

Olbart: [Oh? Ya know me? I’m kinda well-known after all.]

Subaru: […If you’re aware that you’re a celebrity, then yes, I’m sure of it.]

His lips trembled as he spun the name that Olbart reacted to.

If he had that reaction upon witnessing Subaru’s look of shock, then there was no doubt about it. In the City Hall of Guaral, and then on their journey to the Demon City, he had heard of Olbart’s name.

From here on out, the Nine Divine Generals would be an inevitable part of Subaru’s strategy to conquer the Empire. One of them was Yorna, and the other was——,

Subaru: [The Vicious Old Man, Olbart Dunkelkenn…!]

Olbart: [I don’t really like that name, ya know. Vicious Old Man sounds awful. Do I look like such a vicious ol’ man? Well, if someone asked me directly, I wouldn’t be able ta say that I do. I wouldn’t be able ta say it, kakakakka!]

The old man smiled, as he opened his mouth wide and displayed his beautiful white teeth, which looked great for his age.

However, Subaru was in no laughing mood. ——They had encountered Vincent, the false Emperor, as they worked towards their goal of getting Yorna on their side, and in the end, he had brought Olbart with him.

This meant that, at this point, Olbart too was a member of the other faction.

Subaru: [Arakiya and Chisha, and also Olbart…]

Subaru felt like he was reaching his wits’ end; members of the Nine Divine Generals they were aiming for had seemingly been secured by the enemy already. And furthermore, they were just going for those said to be high ranking.

The problem was that not only the future, but also the situation in front of them was getting worse at an accelerating pace.

Even if it had been just Kafma by himself, he’d have been way too much to handle, and now Olbart of the Nine Divine Generals had joined the fray.

It was not they could have arranged all those terrible conditions thus far, even if they’d planned to——,

Al: [——Hey, old man, do you remember me?]

Olbart: [What’s that?]

Sweat flowed down Subaru’s forehead, running down his cheeks and dripping from the tip of his chin.

Amidst all this tension, an unexpected voice made Olbart raise his eyebrows. It was Al, who had called out from behind Subaru.

Al leaned forward, Subaru’s eyes widening in surprise at that action.

Subaru: [Al? What are you… doing all of a sudden, when every move we make’s being questioned right now?]

Al: [Natsumi-chan’s still talking like a woman for the most part in this situation, but I didn’t just butt in without thinking. No, I didn’t think about it, but… Hey, old man! It’s me, hey hey!]

Subaru: [It sounds like you’re a phone scammer talking like that…] [1]

It would be rash to think that just because he was an old man, he would be able to pull off such a scam. In fact, in response to Al’s call, Olbart leaned forward and snorted, “Hmm?”.

Olbart: [Well, that’s quite the eccentric look ya got there, boy. Even tho’ I’m an ol’ man, I wouldn’t be able ta forget someone who looks like that. Do we really know each other?]

Al: [Maybe I don’t know you that well, and the last time I saw you, I wasn’t wearing my helmet. But I didn’t have an arm, and we chatted a bit.]

Olbart: [You’re the armless one who talked ta me at…?]

Al: [Oh, right. ——Lil’ Miss Arakiya was with me, too.]

Lowering his voice slightly, Al mentioned Arakiya’s name, the fearsome girl who had stirred up so much trouble for Subaru and the others and, like Olbart, was a member of the Nine Divine Generals.

Al’s words were something Subaru could make no sense of; but as soon as Olbart heard them, his eyebrows shot up and he shouted, “Oh!”.

Olbart: [You’re that guy! You’re the guy who took back the island with Araki! Now that ya mention it, ya look similar ta him. Kakakakka, I can’t believe you’re still alive!]

Al: [Oh, I’m alive, I’m alive. Somehow, my stars have come full circle.]

Olbart: [So, by some chance, you’ve become an enemy of His Excellency. Maybe I should’ve talked to ya earlier to make His Excellency’s reputation better. I messed up, I messed up.]

Al and Olbart exchanged words, the former speaking in an easy-going tone, the latter with a broad smile.

Unknowing of the relationship between the two, Subaru could only stare blankly. As for whether things were getting better or not, even that was difficult to gauge.

Vincent: [——. Olbart, you know that man?]

The one person to intervene to put an end to such doubts was Vincent.

Olbart, with crossed arms, replied, “Oh, yes!” to the false Emperor’s query,

Olbart: [Two or three years ago when you’d just ascended ta the throne, there were revolts all over the place, weren’t there?]

Kafma: [Master Olbart, His Excellency ascended to the throne eight years ago now…]

Olbart: [Huh? Thought it’d have been ‘bout three years ago. Dangnabbit, it’s been ‘bout ten years, which ta me seems recent, guess I just screwed up.]

Vincent: [Never mind that, just proceed. Eight years ago, what happened?]

With Olbart going off on a tangent, Vincent set him back on track. In accordance with that correction, Olbart pointed to Al and said, “So,”.

Olbart: [There was a rebellion on Ginunhive back then… and the ones ta stop it were this guy with the helmet and Araki.]

Vincent: [Hoh.]

After hearing Olbart’s story, for the first time, Vincent’s interest turned to Al.

It was difficult to ascertain which way the pendulum had swung, good or bad, but it seemed that his effort had not immediately led to him being punished for his rudeness.

On top of that, Al stepped forward so that he was alongside Subaru,

Al: [Your Most Gracious Excellency the Emperor, as Old Man Olbart over there is seemingly aware of… Actually, eight years ago, I was of service to His Excellency, and I have yet to receive my reward.]

Olbart: [Altho’, ya said ya didn’t want anythin’.]

Vincent: [Olbart, keep your mouth shut. ——You may resume, clown.]

Al: [——I was hoping to get my reward today.]

Subaru imagined a sound that seemed to silently freeze the air in the hall.

Al’s fearlessness in demanding a reward for his own achievements over eight years ago, coupled with the presence of someone who knew of Al’s deeds, was certainly a gamble worth taking.

The fake Emperor who had not opted to execute them immediately after hearing Subaru’s declaration of war—— Vincent possessed both reasons and resolution to act as the Emperor of Vollachia.

And, if Abel’s words were true, then his beliefs would include “definite punishment or reward”.

Then——,

Vincent: [What do you request? My head?]

Al: [It would be a massive victory for me if I could get you to give it to me, but it would take a lot of courage to ask for it. So…]

As he said this, Al turned his head to look at Subaru. Realizing what he was being asked to do, Subaru pulled out an envelope from his pocket.

All along, their objective had been to deliver Abel’s missive.

Subaru: [It is our purpose to give this missive to Yorna-sama. If you would like to reward my companion for his service, please allow it.]

Vincent: [A missive?]

Subaru: [A love letter from our… Master, to Yorna-sama.]

Hesitant to call him “Master”, Subaru stuck his tongue out internally and continued to speak.

Hearing the expression “love letter”, Yorna, who was sitting at the head of the room, laughed and cleared her throat with a “Kuhu”. Her interest seemed to have been piqued. And Vincent’s reaction was not an undesirable one either.

As he squinted his dark eyes, Vincent pondered for just a few seconds,

Vincent: [Over eight years have passed, but the Gladiator Island incident was troublesome.]

Subaru: [Oh…]

Vincent: [You may have your reward if you so desire it. You may deliver the missive to Yorna Mishigure.]

Gesturing with his chin, Vincent indicated Yorna.

It took Subaru a moment to comprehend the intent of Vincent’s words. But upon realizing that it meant that Al had won his bet, Subaru and the others looked at one another.

It had been a high-stakes gamble, and Al’s decision to go for it had been the correct one——,

Vincent: [——However.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Just as they were about to burst in jubilation, Vincent held up one finger and spoke up.

To Subaru and the others turning to look at him, the false Emperor closed his black eyes, which felt like darkness itself, and said,

Vincent: [The only thing I shall allow you to do, is to hand her your missive. You know the meaning of that, do you not?]

And thus, the words spoken were processed.

Subaru’s eyes widened at this, and he quickly turned around, gnashing his teeth as his gaze fell on Yorna, gazing over the situation with a grin.

The goal of Subaru’s party, though, was to give her a missive and get her to respond.

Subaru: [If I were to give you the missive, when should I expect a response from Yorna-sama?]

Yorna: [Yes, I see…]

Upon that question of Subaru’s, Yorna cast her gaze towards the void.

Then turning the kiseru upside down, dropping the ashes into a jar prepared by the attending kamuro .

Yorna: [I’m a woman, after all… I don’t want to be seen opening a love letter as soon as I receive it. That’s why… I’ll carefully read and respond to the guests after they have left the castle.]

Subaru: [——. So you will read it once we leave the castle, won’t you?]

Yorna: [As the Lord of the Demon City, I won’t speak lies in front of my attendants.]

Subaru could not tell whether the light in her blue eyes was sincere or naive, as he was unfamiliar with her. However, he no longer had a choice.

For example, were he to alter Al’s reward, instead saying that the reward would be to exit the castle safely, Vincent probably would have allowed for that as well.

However, much like the previous one, that plan would terminate the possibility of joining forces with Yorna.

Meaning——,

Subaru: [Al, Medium-san.]

Before he completely made up his mind, Subaru called out the names of his two companions.

What was going to happen and what needed to be done required the cooperation of both of them. So, it made sense to get their approval before taking any action.

Subaru turned around and met their gaze, as Al and Medium nodded to each other.

Al: [Well, I told you bro, that I’d lend you a hand.]

Medium: [Big bro asked me to take care of you, too! He said to take care of Natsumi-chan for him!]

Al tilted his head, and Medium exclaimed with powerful words.

Encouraged by the answers of those two, Subaru nodded back at them.

Then Subaru slowly walked towards the front of the hall—— towards Yorna leaning on the armrest in the seat of honor, while she puffed on her kiseru .

With her bewitching beauty in close proximity, Subaru presented her the missive amidst a sweet scent.

Subaru: [Here you go, a missive from our Master.]

Yorna: [Thank you for your hard work. But it’s going to be a lot harder from here.]

Subaru: [Yes, I am aware.]

Supple fingers took the missive, and the words expressed with a smile, cursed the future of Subaru and his friends.

But Subaru responded to her words with dignity and turned around.

And then——,

Subaru: [——Your Majesty the Emperor, I’m afraid we’re going to have to take your throne.]

And so, right in front of him, he announced a declaration of war even more clearly than before.

△▼△▼△▼△

The events that took place at that moment were dramatic.

Kafma: [How dare you, you insolent little——!!]

Immediately after their declaration of war, Kafma’s eyes went wide open.

Following Subaru’s proclamation, the height of rudeness and disrespect, Kafma Irulux wished to prove his loyalty to the Emperor with his own power.

——As a result, Kafma’s clothes exploded as his arms were extended, and countless thorns rushed towards Subaru.

Dark-green-colored thorns like slithering snakes surged toward Subaru, their overwhelming mass blanketing his vision. The ivy of thorns, each of which in possession of needles as thick as Subaru’s arms, was a deadly weapon that would squeeze its prey out of every last drop of life.

It was a strike that would not permit for any reaction from Subaru, and akin to a snake swallowing a rat, it engulfed Subaru’s body in thorns with no effort.

Al: [——Well said, bro.]

The thorns pierced through his entire body, and he prepared for the fierce pain to come.

However, it was not the pain that struck Subaru, who had tensed up his body, but rather the shock of him being pulled backwards and falling on his buttocks. Stepping before Subaru was Al, whose words had reached him from the side, taking the thorns on with his dao.

Al, with Subaru behind him, drew out the thick blade and parried the enemy’s attacks. Incapable of blocking their entirety, his shoulder and side were stained with blood.

Nevertheless, Al had been able to protect Subaru from this overwhelming mass.

Subaru: [What about Medium-san!]

Medium: [Uuaah! That was so close! If I hadn’t done what Al-chin said, I would’ve died!]

Subaru turned around hurriedly, and right beside him was Medium answering in a loud voice, having pulled her twin swords.

Glancing over, she was swinging her twin blades up and down, slashing away, or catching, or stepping on, preventing some of the thorns approaching her from all directions.

Subaru breathed a sigh of relief at the certainty of her skills, and the fact that she was safe. However, relief was too premature. After all, this was merely the first wave——,

Yorna: [What an extravagant magic trick.]

Subaru: [——Hk.]

To the rear of Subaru’s group putting themselves on guard, was Yorna, who would have been within range of the thorns as well. She pulled her kamuro into her arms and exhaled purple smoke, while remaining in the same posture as when she had accepted the missive.

There were signs of thorns closing in on her from all sides as well, but they avoided her as if by design, the thorns twisting unnaturally as if there were a circle of space around only Yorna.

It was impossible to speculate whether it was Kafma who had intentionally bent it or Yorna who had done something about it, but——,

Subaru: [I apologize for the disturbance. We will leave you to it.]

Yorna: [Have a safe return home. If the three of you fail to leave the castle…]

Subaru: [You won’t read the missive. I understand.]

When explained once again in simple terms, Yorna’s intentions could be understood without doubt, no matter how hard to grasp they may be. Vincent too, had made it clear that the game was on——,

Subaru: [Game’s on ‘til we leave the castle. ——Al, Medium-san!]

Al: [Yeah!]

Medium: [Alright!]

Subaru: [To the right!!]

Immediately after the strong replies, Subaru barked loudly.

Hearing this, his two companions comprehended Subaru’s decision that very instant, and three blades were brandished.

The dao of the one-armed man, and a pair of supple swords furiously cut through the thorns, blowing away the mass that blocked their vision and their path, and the three figures flew out of the greenery.

Just like that, they pressed down on the wooden floor to gain speed and momentum.

Kafma: [You think I am going to let you escape?]

However, after one step forward, a needle as thick as a thumb snagged the tip of Subaru’s nose.

As it flashed across his vision, it appeared to be more akin to a piece of white bone to him a rather than a thorn. It was not a shot intended to deter Subaru, but a blow that should have pierced his temple.

He would have died had Al not swiftly placed his blade in the path of the launched needle.

Subaru: [Thorns and needles, along with a freak show!?]

Al: [It’s the Insect Cage Tribe! They attack with the insects they carry inside their bodies!]

Subaru: [This isn’t the Aburame clan!] [2]

While having a dispute over something trivial, Subaru kept his stance low and moved forward with Al and Medium providing support. It was not the exit of the hall that they were headed for.

Even if they headed that way, they would have had to retrace their steps the long way back down the castle tower. There was no way they could continue to be exposed to Kafma’s attacks for that long.

In other words, Subaru and others would need to take a significant shortcut.

Therefore——,

Subaru: [Medium-san!]

Medium: [Yeah!]

Subaru: [Do your best!]

Medium: [——I’ll do my best!]

The moment she received that encouragement, without exaggeration, Medium’s whole body bounced and her momentum increased.

With her long hair billowing, she swung the twin swords in her hands, fiercely dispatching the thorns that rushed forth in complicated and bizarre trajectories.

Of course, this was partly due to Medium’s own skills. But in addition to that,

Al: [Right! Right knee! Nape of the neck! Sexy hips!]

Medium: [Uh! Ha! Take this!]

Al’s blood-curdling shouts told Medium of the aim of the approaching dangers, and Medium responded instantly, successfully guarding against and handling the thorns just before they hit.

Subaru wondered how far he could see, but Al’s high level of survivability, which had also been demonstrated against Arakiya, apparently applied not only to himself, but to others as well.

Taking advantage of this, Medium reached the window of the hall. With a single swing, she destroyed the wooden railing, and her long, leaping legs blew down the wall.

Beneath their gaze, the hall of the castle tower, which was more than thirty meters above the ground, had opened up. The blue sky of Demon City spread out in full view, and a wild wind greeted Subaru and the others.

It was not a matter of all or nothing, but——,

Subaru: [——If we get out of the castle!]

Yorna put her hand on the missive.

Since they’d accepted these terms, Vincent’s group would cease from doing anything further. Perhaps, it wasn’t like they had made such a promise explicitly.

But with nothing else to believe in, it was the only way to see things through——,

Medium: [——Natsumi-chan!]

Medium, who had smashed through the wall, beckoned him, and Subaru ran as fast as he could.

He was grateful for not having worn a skirt carelessly. If the cause of death were crossdressing, Subaru would not be able to face the efforts of his many predecessors.

At the last moment, Subaru, while even forgetting to keep his appearances up, kicked the floor as hard as he could.

He would then catch up with Medium, and exit through the wall with her——,

Olbart: [Sorry, but I got a job ta do too, ya know.]

Subaru: [Kah… Hk.]

At the same moment, intercepting Subaru and Medium, the old man appeared in front of them as if from out of nowhere, and his piercing hand struck them both squarely in the chest.

His breath caught in his throat as he was struck by the impact. Subaru’s consciousness cracked, everything seemed to shatter after he took the blow from the Divine General.

However——,

Medium: [Natsumi-chan! It’s nothing!]

Subaru: [Huh!?]

A loud voice called out next to him, and Subaru regained the consciousness he had almost lost. Looking down at his chest in a panic, no damage from Olbart’s piercing hand could be seen.

There was no blood, no sign that his heart had been removed without bleeding.

Medium: [Let’s go, Natsumi-chan! Don’t bite your tongue, okay?]

Medium grabbed Subaru by the collar as the latter looked around in confusion. With a large step, she then crossed the wall she had breached, and threw herself out of the Crimson Lapis Castle without hesitation.

Subaru and Medium leapt into the blue sky, intertwined with each other; the sensation of rising through the air caused by the jump disappeared in an instant, only for them to be thrown into a falling trajectory a second later.

Subaru: [Uh, kyaaaa——!]

With a high-pitched scream, Subaru pulled Medium close into him and then felt around his own waist. Following that, he pulled out the familiar feeling in his hand and held up his weapon—— a whip, while in midair.

Had he simply jumped without any preparation, it would merely amount to an act of suicide.

Albeit the preparations performed towards their odds of success had not been many, Yorna’s provocation, their declaration of war on Vincent, plus the offense and defense with Kafma and Olbart, had all been a series of gambles.

He had barely picked up everything that was there, so he just had to trust that he could pick up the very last one as well.

Subaru: [Don’t miiiss!!]

While hugging Medium’s thin waist, Subaru swung his arm and unleashed the whip. The tip of the whip extended not into the void, but towards one of the beams that stretched throughout all parts of the Demon City—— stretching like a spider’s web all throughout the city, reaching likewise one of the outer walls of the Crimson Lapis Castle.

Hooking the whip onto that place, and utilizing it as a stepping stone to get out of the castle grounds. That was the best move Subaru could come up with amidst the chaos of the hall.

Subaru: [——Hk!]

Feeling the tug on his arm, Subaru wrapped the whip around his wrist with all his strength. He thought that this would support his body even if his grip were not strong enough; at worst, the damage would shatter the bones in his wrist.

And then——,

Subaru: [Al is… Gyahk!]

Al: [My bad!]

The moment the whip came taut, Al came crashing upon Subaru’s back. Apparently he had been able to jump out of the castle, just like Subaru and Medium.

As a result of having crashed into each other in midair, the three of them clung to each other and hung down, entrusting nearly one hundred and fifty kilograms of weight to a single arm of Subaru’s.

Subaru: [G-guaaahhhh——!]

The bodies of Subaru and the others arced around one of the beams outside the Crimson Lapis Castle, using it as a pivot, while the screams of his arm and wrist, elbow and shoulder, of his entire right arm, were replaced by real screams.

As it was, the best thing to do was to wait for the recoil to subside, and have everyone climb up the whip and return to the beam one-by-one. Subaru clenched his molars, as he compared the time it would take to get there to the time it would take his right arm to necrotize——,

Al & Medium: [——Ah.]

And just as he was about to exert all his strength, Al and Medium’s voices overlapped.

Before he could see what was up, the burden on Subaru’s right arm vanished. ——No, to be precise, the burden had not vanished, but the beam onto which the whip was attached had snapped.

By the thorns extending from the breached walls of the keep, by their fierce mass.

Subaru: [Uh, AHHHHH——!]

With screams trailing behind them, Subaru’s group of three flew through the air in a tangled heap. Their bodies flew in a parabola, recoiling from the whip on the beam.

Even though it was better than jumping from the castle tower, Subaru and Al, as ordinary people, would not be able to survive being knocked down a height of more than twenty meters.

As he searched a way out of the situation, while screaming his head off, the faces of Emilia, of Beatrice, and of Rem popped up one after another in Subaru’s mind——,

Everyone: [————]

——With a ferocious crash, the three of them crashed through the roof and into the castle stables, entangled with one another atop haystacks.

Translation notes:

[1] The way Al addresses Olbart is reminiscent of an infamous, common telephone scam in Japan, called the “ore-ore” scam, which is often played on older parents. For more information, see https://japantoday.com/category/features/kuchikomi/%27ore-ore%27-and-related-scams-become-increasingly-elaborate .

[2] The Aburame clan is a reference to the Naruto series. At birth, members of this clan are offered to several special breeds of insects as a nest, residing just under their host’s skin. These insects will then live in symbiosis with their host from that point on. Because of this, its members are characterized by their use of insects as weapons.

--- Chapter 39: Vicious ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Taking a look outside through the large hole in the saloon wall, Kafma twisted his lips in disgust.

Under him, in the raging wind, smoke lingered. He strained his eyes towards the building into which the three of them had disappeared to, having successfully escaped the hall. ——He could not see the fugitives anywhere.

Kafma: [————]

The beam that had developed a crack crumbled with a loud sound, but as it was too far away, to hope that its debris would crush that insolent group would be folly.

But——,

Kafma: [I will not let you escape. I will do whatever it takes to avenge your disrespect towards His Excellency…]

Olbart: [No, no, we can’t do that. They bet their every card on this opportunity ta escape, didn’t they? If we chase ‘em now, wouldn’t we make it pointless?]

Kafma: [Master Olbart!]

Having been stopped from pursuing the fugitives, Kafma turned around, his teeth chattering. Receiving that gaze, the diminutive old man voiced a “Oh, scary”, and made himself smaller.

Seeing his reaction, Kafma’s eyes grew even sharper and angrier,

Kafma: [Why did you let those girls go in the first place? If it’s you, Master, you should have been able to seize them in the blink of an eye!]

Olbart: [Oh? I could tell ya the same thing. And I didn’t cut corners too much either. That young fellow with the helmet, he’s got some strange tricks up his sleeve.]

Kafma: […Young fellow, I got the impression that he really was not that young.]

Olbart: [That’s not really important. Most of ya look like waddlin’ kids to me, actually. I’ve been an old man since ya were born.]

Twisting his wrinkled face into a smile, Olbart pointed at himself. Kafma was about to point out this light-hearted attitude of his yet again, but Olbart continued with “And”,

Olbart: [Ya may’ve forgotten, but I got ta keep an eye on that foxgirl over there, don’t I? Ya never know when she might turn on Your Excellency.]

Kafma: [General First-Class Yorna… Indeed, I have been rash.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka, as long as ya understand.]

Once that was mentioned, Kafma sagged down as if ashamed of himself for losing his cool. At the exchange between the young man and the old man, Yorna, having been designated as a dangerous person, put her hand over her eyes and spoke,

Yorna: [That’s quite rude of you. How dare you speak of a delicate woman such as I as you’d speak of a dangerous animal… I’ve never been so humiliated in my life.]

Kafma: [Who do you think you…!]

She mocked them while faking tears, and Kafma’s anger was directed at Yorna. But Yorna cleared her throat while bathed in his gaze, then gently lowered her hand to touch her eyes.

As she did so, she brought her kiseru to her mouth, filled her lungs with purple smoke, and deeply exhaled, letting out a large plume of smoke. ——The smoke slightly wavered as it made its way to the big hole in the wall.

Once the fluttering purple smoke reached it, an astonishing change was born.

In nature very much like that of a hallucination, the demolished wall was mended in a spectacle.

The wood used in the areas where the collapsed walls of the Crimson Lapis Castle had been damaged, wriggled and mended akin to a creature’s wounds being healed. It was a building being repaired, but a strange and unearthly one; the impression it gave was more of a living being, rather than something inorganic.

That unrealistic scene caused Kafma, standing by the wall while tensing his cheeks, to retreat, and look back at Yorna.

Yorna: [With this, everything’s back to normal now… So if you could as well, please fix your mood.]

Kafma: [This is, General Yorna’s…]

Vincent: [This is why one cannot mess with the Demon City without proper care… But that is not the sole danger posed by this woman.]

After she finished repairing the outer wall, Kafma gasped towards Yorna, who produced a supple smile.

His shiver was complemented by Vincent, who had not even twitched during the earlier commotion. The man at the top of the Empire glanced at the wall, then focused on Yorna,

Vincent: [They have exited the castle. The conditions set forth by you and I have been met.]

Yorna: [So, if that’s the case, it’d be somewhat unseemly for us to deny their efforts. I hope you understand that, Your Excellency.]

Vincent: [————]

Yorna: [Of course, you’ve got your own ideas, Your Excellency. I respect that. But don’t forget.]

The Lord of the Demon City, Yorna Mishigure, who had not made an effort to correct her posture against the Emperor from beginning to end, smiled as she looked at the silent Vincent.

Yorna: [This is the Demon City, my city. ——Even that blue youngster’s sword cannot reach me.]

Albeit that declaration was appropriate for the Lord of the Demon City, it was inappropriate to announce it to the Emperor.

For the Emperor of Vollachia, who carried out his rule across the entire Empire, for Yorna to act as if her control over even a single city was superior was more than just disrespectful.

However, the words of Yorna Mishigure could not be denied.

Because everyone knew it veracious, regardless of whether she was right or wrong to speak them.

In this Demon City of Chaosflame, Yorna Mishigure possessed absolute power.

Therefore——,

Vincent: [I shall give you one night.]

To consider it a defeat for the Vollachian Emperor would disregard that very Emperor’s foresight and deep thinking. However, it was not easy for even those close to the Emperor to discern the intrigues the Emperor held within the depths of his dark eyes.

They must only believe that Vincent’s words were not unreasonable nor erroneous.

Yorna: [Thank you. Then I’ll take my time to examine the reply to the letter.]

And so answered Yorna to Vincent’s permission, and while her words were spirited on the surface, her attitude and face did not display any gentleness at all.

Both of Vincent’s guards, Kafma and Olbart, had their own opinions regarding Yorna’s attitude. But the reason as to why they allowed that from Yorna was their own guilt for letting those three escape.

With Vincent’s admission, there was nothing to be gained from backtracking.

Kafma: [But your attitude is inexcusable. I will continue to repeat this.]

Yorna: [Kuhu. If you look at me with such scary eyes I won’t stop shivering. Master Olbart, could you do something about it for me?]

Olbart: [You’re goin’ ta spring this on me? I’m an ol’ man with a short life ahead of me, it’s the duty of young’uns ta be kind to the older generation. Wait, maybe I’ve found the best idea ta get goodwill from most people? Is my era comin’?]

Kafma: [Master Olbart!]

Kafma raised his voice in anger at Olbart’s mischievous remark.

Watching it with a smile, Yorna shook the smoke fluttering from her kiseru . Squinting at the appearance of these Generals, Vincent gave a light snort of his nose.

Then turning, the Emperor regarded the final person accompanying him—— the one who, contrary to Kafma and Olbart, had not moved any more than Vincent.

Vincent: [You have been talking very little. It is unlike you.]

???: […It is, isn’t it? Well, it’d be complicated if I were to meet some people.]

The voice of a young man donning a wry smile responded.

The young man was wearing a blue robe over his head, which prevented his face from being seen by others. That in itself was a normal thing for him, but the fact that he had tightened the neck of the robe even more than usual apparently had something to do with the guests previously present.

The man sighed, and shrugged while being in the line of sight of the silent Emperor,

???: [I thought I had to clam up in this Demon City. ——The stars, too, seem to want that.]

Vincent: [Is that what the stars want? Nonsense.]

???: [I’d prefer if you didn’t call it nonsense.]

Shrugging, the man grinned at Vincent’s words of disregard.

With this bitter smile, he continued.

???: [If Your Excellency were serious and took heed of the stars’ desires, you wouldn’t have come all the way out here, would you?]

Vincent: [You fool, do you believe you know what lays within my heart?]

???: [Please don’t be absurd.]

The man’s shoulders shrunk as Vincent folded his arms and lowered his voice one note.

Vincent then looked away from the man—— from the Stargazer, and narrowed his eyes at the sky into which the three rebels had disappeared, beyond the wall that had already closed.

And then——,

Vincent: [——The wishes of the stars are nonsense.]

That murmur that no one was capable of hearing remained as a whisper to himself, then vanished.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Coughk! Kahk! Atchoo!]

Coughing into the thick cloud of dust, he desperately worked his lungs.

His back aching from the impact, Subaru ran his hand over the affected area to check for injuries. He fearfully retrieved his hand to see it not stained by blood; it seemed it was merely a bruise. It was a miracle.

The probability that the building materials from the destroyed building or the pieces of the collapsed beams could have pierced him or tore his vitals was high. Just how much luck had he?

Subaru: [We don’t have time for this… Medium-san! Al!]

???: [I-I’m here… Ouchouch.]

Shaking his head, he quickly called out the names of the two people he was supposed to be with. And hearing a reply originated from beneath the rubble at his side, Subaru moved to push aside the debris in a hurry, as to search for those people.

The buried Medium coughed, then blinked her eyes.

Medium: [Uwah, I thought I was gonna die! Are you okay Natsumi-chan?]

Subaru: [I managed somehow, thanks to Medium-san’s and Al’s protection… Medium-san, are you hurt? Does it hurt anywhere?]

Medium: [Uhyahyahya, that tickles~! It’s okay, it’s okay! I’m fine!]

Checking Medium’s shoulders and back, she wriggled and pushed back against Subaru’s chest.

It was no bluff nor lie; it appeared she had no noticeable injuries either. It would seem that both of them had been blessed with a tremendous amount of luck.

Subaru: [Al’s——]

Looking for Al, who did not respond, Subaru scanned his surroundings.

As the clouds of dust finally settled, Subaru noticed that he and the others had jumped into an empty stable. The building beside the Crimson Lapis Castle was apparently a warehouse where hay for Galewind Horses was stored.

The reason as to why Subaru’s party had been saved from their helpless fall off a great height was said hay, which had acted as a cushion. Had it not been for the hay, at a minimum Subaru would have died a horrible death; being crushed like a tomato.

In Vollachia, where healing magic was rare, Rem not included, there was a high possibility that those with serious injuries would not be saved. In that sense, the environment of the Empire was much more conducive to death than Lugunica.

Of course, it could be said that the Empire’s notion of survival of the fittest was what had caused all this danger in the first place.

Medium: [There he is! Al-chin!]

And then, as Subaru looked around the dimly-lit room, Medium next to him moved as if to jump out.

She bent down beside a cart that had been overturned by the impact of the fall. Under the heavy pile of hay the three had fallen upon entangled with one another, something had begun to stir.

Subaru hurriedly rushed over, and the two of them, him and Medium, shoveled through the hay. Eventually, a listless thick arm appeared from under the hay, and they pulled it up.

And then——,

Al: [Yeoch! My right arm’s gonna come off as well!]

Subaru: [That’s not funny!]

Medium: [But Al-chin’s alive too! That’s amazing!]

Subaru scolded Al for his unfunny joke, but was relieved by Medium’s words.

Al was pulled out of the haystack; his body was in a terrible state. Unlike Subaru and Medium who had miraculously escaped with only a few bruises and scratches, Al’s body had numerous lacerations and bruises all over.

He had fended off Kafma’s thorns and, if only temporarily, Olbart as well. As of his jump onto Subaru and Medium at the very end, he was in a position in which he could easily be pursued by the enemy.

——Each of the wounds he had received, were wounds that were supposedly Subaru and Medium’s to receive, originally.

Subaru: [————]

Al: [What’s the matter, bro… You got a depressing look on your face.]

Subaru: [Well, it’s…]

Al: [It’s a miracle that we all survived the no-rope bungee . Looking at me like that won’t make me feel better about the scars on my back, though. It’s a shame for a swordsman, you know?]

Turning his shoulders in a languid manner, Al ran his mouth, as to encourage Subaru.

That attitude caused Subaru to choke up, but he then nodded quickly, “I guess so”.

Al tried to act aloof and as if everything were someone else’s problem, but his efforts in the offense and defense so far were all due to his sincerity to Subaru.

He sympathized with Subaru’s goals, and promised to assist him.

To that end, the man who was even willing to fight for Subaru’s life, was Al.

Subaru: [I was wrong about you…]

Al: [Huh?]

Subaru: [I thought you were always aloof and irresponsible, unreliable and unserious about everything.]

Al: [Oi oi.]

Subaru: [But you risked your life for me. ——I won’t forget that.]

Putting his hand on his fake chest, he spoke of his genuine resolution to Al.

Without him, Natsuki Subaru, would not be alive, at this moment. Therefore, from now on, Natsuki Subaru would fight without forgetting the favor he received from Al.

Even if his life could come to an end the next moment——,

Medium: [Natsumi-chan, Al-chin, if you two mess around too much…]

Subaru: [Yes, I know, I know. Let’s get out of here as soon as possible. Otherwise, Al’s sacrifice will have been in vain.]

Al: [It ain’t a sacrifice!]

At Medium’s urging, Subaru wiped his face with his sleeve and gave a strong reply.

It was fortuitous that all three of them had survived, however it was still too early to be relieved. The conditions proposed by Yorna and Vincent had been met, at least, but whether Kafma and Olbart would back off was uncertain.

Until he knew that for sure, they would have to survive.

Subaru: [We need to leave now. Hide ourselves and get the answers over there at…]

???: [——No need to worry about that.]

Subaru: [——Hk!?]

He was about to walk out while lending his shoulder to Al, when a voice called out to him.

Surprised by this, he abruptly moved his hands away, and Al, who was leaning on his shoulder, tipped over and screamed, “Guoh!”. But he did not have the leisure to worry about him.

A confrontation had begun between Subaru’s group, and this new figure at the entrance of the stable.

Subaru: [You’re…]

???: [My apologies for the delay in greeting you. A servant of Yorna Mishigure-sama I am, called Tanza.]

The person to speak these words with a respectful bow of her head, was a person with a distinctive kimono and deer antlers—— the deergirl who had been beside Yorna.

The girl who called herself Tanza slowly looked up and faced Medium, who stood in front of her as if protecting Subaru and Al, and shook her head.

Tanza: [Do not be alarmed, all is fine. I mean you all no harm.]

Medium: [Really? But we broke the walls of both this place and your master’s castle, didn’t we?]

Tanza: [The castle and the stables will be fixed by Yorna-sama. ——Yorna-sama has accepted you as messengers. No one will interfere with you again.]

Medium’s anxiety was dispelled by the words Tanza had added at the end. That line caused Medium’s eyebrows to lower in relief, but Subaru’s impression was the complete opposite.

Aside from Yorna going to fix the walls and stables, the question was more, what would happen afterward?

Subaru: [To say that no one will interfere with us, is a big deal. We know His Majesty the Emperor was there, you know?]

Subaru stood behind Medium, protected by her, not worrying about looking good. Tanza’s gray eyes stared at Subaru as he stepped forward.

In spite of her pretty face, she was a girl whose emotions did not show. Amiability was supposed to be a crucial part of a kamuro , but her behavior reminded him of a doll.

Subaru: [ At the very least, we are those who’d hurt His Majesty the Emperor… and you’ll all overlook that? Is that what Lady Yorna said ?]

Tanza: [Yes. No one can stand against Yorna-sama here in the Demon City. I believe Vincent-sama too is aware of that.]

Subaru: [Oh…]

Tanza’s answer was matter-of-fact, but with absolute certainty. Hearing this, Subaru was taken aback, swallowing down the words he was about to continue with.

Following that, Subaru and the others looked up at the ceiling of the stables they had just broken through and confirmed that there was no movement in the Crimson Lapis Castle. Based on his short impression, Kafma would have followed them right away.

Subaru: [Not even that’s happening… Apparently, you’re to be believed.]

Tanza: [Vincent-sama will return as well. Your letter will be answered tomorrow.]

Subaru: […I understand.]

Tanza: [Then, have a safe trip back.]

Tanza bowed in response to Subaru’s sigh, and turned her back on the three of them.

She had performed the minimal amount of work precisely, and was now seemingly returning to Yorna’s company. Suddenly as her back departed, Subaru called her out to stop her with “Tanza-san”.

Tanza stopped and turned around; As he stared back at that motionless, doll-like expression on her face,

Subaru: [What kind of person is Yorna-sama to you?]

The pretext for that inquiry was because Subaru had too many inner impressions of Yorna.

As long as she remained unknowing that Vincent was a fake, the way she treated him should be the same as the way she treated Abel, the Emperor.

He did not believe it fair to overlook her disrespectful and rude behavior only because of the pretense that she was a powerful woman, but it was unclear to him as to why she was acting in such a manner.

What was it that Yorna had for Abel, affection or hostility?

Combined with the fact that she had encouraged Subaru and the others to struggle, the depths of her heart were almost unreadable.

Therefore——,

Subaru: [I would like to hear it from someone who’s beside her. Their impressions of Yorna Mishigure-sama.]

Tanza: [She is a loving woman. Loves her allies and hates her enemies. ——Lover of all things that reside in the Demon City.]

Subaru: [————]

Tanza replied without hesitation, and for the first time a hint of emotion flashed through her eyes.

It disappeared in a flash, but to Subaru’s eyes, it seemed to be filled with a faint passion, and he was unable to say anything else.

Unable to follow up, he could only watch the girl’s back as she walked away.

If asked if he had obtained the answers he desired, he would have to say that he had not.

Instead, the mysterious impression he had of Yorna had only been deepened. He could not detect falsehood in Tanza’s words. But it was difficult to believe that that woman was a loving person.

Ever since they had arrived at the Demon City, Subaru and the others had been toyed with at her mercy.

Al: [Good grief, she’s gone… What are we gonna do?]

Subaru: [… There’s nothing we can do but go back. For now, we have to trust Tanza-san’s word and wait for a reply tomorrow.]

In the stables from which Tanza had disappeared, Subaru again lent a shoulder to Al, who had fallen on his butt.

While supporting his weight, Subaru looked up at the Crimson Lapis Castle once more.

Subaru: [A showy, eye-catching castle… Is this what “flamboyant” had been referring to?]

While he muttered to himself, Subaru realized that Tanza’s words had been true.

This strange castle that edged between blue and red was devoid of the hole that he and the others had created. No matter how much he strained his eyes, it was nowhere to be found, not even a shadow remained.

△▼△▼△▼△

Abel: [I see, so he came, huh.]

Subaru: [Do you have something to say? Maybe along the lines of I’m sorry, or I apologize, or please forgive me?]

After scrambling back to the inn, Abel received a report of the incident regarding the delivery of the letter. Frowning heavily at his first remarks, Subaru’s face filled with hatred, as he pressed for an answer.

Despite this, Abel, donning the oni mask, pushed Subaru’s forehead with his palm with annoyance,

Abel: [Why must I apologize? You guys did well. I was just about to praise you on a job well done.]

Subaru: [Praise!? Praise, you say!? Don’t give me that condescending attitude together with that phrasing! You don’t have to praise me, I’m just doing what needs to be done. Hey, you two!]

Al: [Don’t get me involved.]

Subaru stuck his tongue out at the dissatisfied Abel while protesting furiously, calling for backup. Al, however, sprawled his feet on the floor and waved his hand saying, “Gimme a break”.

By net content, Al was the one to display the hardest work of the job. Leaving the first aid of his body with injuries all over to Taritta, his body started to resemble a mummy from all the bandages.

With the combination of his black helmet and the bandages all over his body, the surrealness of his appearance was incredible.

Taritta: [I’m glad that Natsumi and Medium are okay . I really should have gone with you , I was so worried .]

Subaru: [Hey, hear that? This is the correct response. As Emperor, why don’t you follow the example of Taritta-san, who’s taking over as the Chieftain?]

Taritta: [Please stop , I’ll die… ]

Having been appraised as a good role model by Subaru, the latter currently explaining what should be the mindset of someone of higher position, Taritta, shook her head, her face turning pale.

Even though her attitude was fearful, Subaru could not help but feel disappointed. Was there nobody out there capable of punishing Abel?

At times like this, he felt ashamed that he had no choice but to take advantage of someone’s vulnerability.

Louis: [Uu! Auu!]

Medium: [Ah! Louis-chan, you can’t do that! You see, Natsumi-chan and the others are in the middle of an important conversation!]

Louis: [Uu! Uu!]

And then, Subaru’s thoughts were disturbed by a high-pitched scream coming from the adjacent room.

Taking a glance at the doorway to the neighboring room, he saw that Louis and Medium were having a scuffle with each other. Of course, there was no way Louis could resist Medium, so it resembled a sumo wrestling match between an adult and a child.

Soon after, Louis was carried away and her figure once again disappeared into the other room.

Louis: [Aauu!]

Subaru: […Sheesh, what the hell’s going on there? Ever since I came back, she’s been trying to jump at me.]

Al: [For some reason, she seems to be attached to you the most, bro. She doesn’t even look at me. Not that I want her to be attached to me.]

Hearing Subaru’s sighs, Al let out a grumble in his final form, which looked like a cheap Halloween costume. Next to him, Taritta wiped her forehead with satisfaction, her aesthetic sense not too bad.

Subaru had found someone who would compete with Emilia and Beatrice, making him miss them all over again. ——No, it was not just the two of them that he missed, but everyone on the other side of the border.

Soon, it would be twenty days since Subaru was sent to Vollachia.

As long as Beatrice and Ram were around, they should be aware of Subaru and Rem’s safety, but that was all; that they would not be able to convey any information beyond that made it even more frustrating.

He wished to find a way to meet up with Emilia and the others as soon as possible.

Subaru: [And yet, this masked man keeps leaving all the important bits out…]

Abel: [Hmm, you can point at me and say I am the masked one? If I am masked, what are you? A fool and a clown, perhaps?]

Al: [I’d say we’re all wearing cheap Halloween costumes, ain’t we?]

Al’s words had guessed Subaru’s innermost thoughts from just a moment before, and that expression, coupled with Abel’s point, caused Subaru to gnash his back teeth with a “Grr”.

In fact, Subaru, dressed as a woman, Abel, donning his oni mask, and Al, as a man wrapped in bandages and wearing a helmet, all looked like participants in a costume party. It somewhat mirrored Chaosflame; in this place where many different races were mingled, it seemed as if they were all trying to keep their individuality from being buried.

Of course, Subaru’s crossdressing was for practical purposes, that it was something that could not be avoided.

Subaru: [ Anyway! I was able to meet Yorna-san at the castle, but I also ran into the Emperor’s entourage … That was your body double, correct?]

Clapping his hands, Subaru corrected the flow of conversation by force.

He was careful to keep his voice low to avoid being overheard, but he wanted those in front of him to hear exactly what needed to be heard.

In response, Abel nodded his head sporting the oni mask with a “Yeah”,

Abel: [Even if there are many who may resemble my appearance, there is merely a single person in a position able to perform an impersonation of me. ——Chisha Gold.]

Subaru: [Chisha Gold… One of the Nine Divine Generals. If I remember correctly, the White Spider, right?]

Abel: [That is correct. Quite wise, and excellent at commanding a large army. And…]

Al: [The first person who betrayed Abel-chan.]

Following Al’s last comment, Abel, his arms crossed while sitting on the bed, silently affirmed it.

He had been the first one among the treacherous Nine Divine Generals, a person who Abel must have trusted very much. That was Abel’s substitute—— no, rather than a substitute, he was now in the seat of the Emperor.

Subaru: [Chisha… Why do you think the fake Emperor came to the Demon City?]

Abel: [He understands the conditions of victory in a battle against me.]

Subaru: [The one with more Nine Divine Generals on their side wins.]

Securing the Nine Divine Generals, the symbol of strength in the Vollachian Empire, was the decisive key to victory.

To obtain this key, Subaru and the others had taken the trouble to go to Chaosflame. However, based on Abel’s current answer, there was only one possible purpose.

Subaru: [So, are they also trying to get Yorna Mishigure on their side?]

Abel: [That is difficult to imagine. Yorna Mishigure… He is not reckless enough to believe that she would listen to persuasion or negotiation.]

Subaru: [——? Then what are they doing here?]

Abel: [That much is obvious. ——He knew that I would come to the Demon City.]

After hearing Abel’s answer and being unable to comprehend it, a question mark popped up above Subaru’s head.

Equally puzzled, Al raised his hand voicing an “Abel-chan”,

Al: [Are you really saying that fake Emperor was able to predict that Abel-chan was gonna come to Chaosflame? If that’s for real, ain’t we in trouble?]

Abel: [He can follow my thoughts with considerable accuracy. After all, starting with where I would show up after having left the throne and the capture of the Fortress City, plus the arrangement of the Nine Divine Generals… Naturally, the Demon City would be narrowed down as a critical location.]

Subaru: [Knowing that… No, no way!]

Subaru widened his eyes as he processed Abel’s nonchalant words. Then he pointed at Abel, who looked at him quietly, with a trembling finger.

Subaru: [You were expecting us to run into the fake Emperor, weren’t you? To avoid running into each other in person, you stayed at the inn by yourself…]

Abel: [Fool. What is the point in doing such a thing? If you have the number of pieces under your control reduced without resistance, you shall spoil the path to victory even in an already-won match of Shatranj.]

Subaru: […Well, I guess that’s true, but.]

The only point that did not make sense, was that Abel would make a move detrimental to himself.

The only problem was that he could not disprove it; and as long as that was the case, Subaru’s conspiracy theory that Abel was a malevolent mastermind would end up being labeled as quite literally just a conspiracy theory.

In any rate——,

Subaru: [Anyway! Back to the point, what do you mean? That the false Emperor knew that he couldn’t convince Yorna-san to join his side. Yet, he still showed up at the Demon City because you’re coming…]

Abel: [He will take the initiative, and ruin the relationship between Vincent Vollachia and Yorna Mishigure. Do you think it would be so easy for me to reach the top of the tower of the Crimson Lapis Castle after such an event?]

Al: [Oh, that’s kinda… What a devious guy, oy!]

Once Al nodded his head in agreement, Subaru became annoyed and agreed as well.

At last, Subaru understood what Abel intended to say. In other words, Vincent’s goal was to make Yorna neither friend nor foe, but to keep her cut off as an invalid vote.

To do so, he had personally gone to the castle and had planned a decisive breakdown of the negotiations with the Emperor.

Subaru: […So, if we had arrived one day later.]

Abel: [Their plan would have been in place. Hence why I stated it. That it was a job well done.]

Subaru: [————]

Motionless with surveying eyes, Subaru stared at Abel without blinking.

In other words, the previous exchange had been his way of displaying appreciation. If that was the case, a boss could only be so bad at praising his subordinates.

Even patting himself on the back would be more effective than the compliment from Abel.

Subaru: [Well done, me… Al and Medium-san too!]

Al: [Oh? Oh, yeah, well done, us.]

Medium: [Yeaaah~. Natsumi-chan’s cutting remarks were awesome!]

The three of them, who had overcome death together and become more united, praised each other. Unlike Abel, Subaru felt pity for Taritta, the latter feeling lonely for having been left out of the group.

Subaru: [But there are many things I wish you’d told me beforehand. For example, the fact that Yorna-san has feelings for you.]

Al: [Oh, that’s something I’ve been meaning to say as well. I’m begging you Abel-chan. It can’t be helped that you’re a lady-killer by nature, but in that case you gotta pay the ikemen tax.] [1]

Abel: [I really do not understand what you are talking about, clown. Furthermore, you too misunderstand.]

Al: [What do you mean misunderstand? I’m just looking at the actual interaction.]

Despite saying “actua l” , it was Yorna and Vincent’s interaction, but the fact that she was directing flirtatious glances at Abel was true.

However, Abel heaved a deep sigh upon Subaru and Al’s persistence,

Abel: [I am not one towards whom Yorna Mishigure’s thoughts are being directed at. It is the Emperor of Vollachia.]

Subaru: […So that’s you, right? You’re not going to tell me now that you’re actually the fake, and the other Emperor’s the real one, are you?]

For a moment, the suspicions born in him back at the Crimson Lapis Castle were rekindled, and Subaru glared at him as if he were telling a joke. However, Abel dismissed him with a “Preposterous”,

Abel: [Do not take it at face value. It is true that I am the Emperor of Vollachia, however, “Emperor of Vollachia” does not refer to solely me. There have been Emperors of Vollachia in the past, and there will be Emperors of Vollachia in the future.]

Subaru: [That’s…]

Subaru rolled his eyes after digesting Abel’s concise explanation. Next to him, Al let out a dumb-sounding “Huuuh~?”,

Al: [So you’re saying that Yorna-chan’s goal’s Abel-chan’s wealth or status?]

Abel: [I shall not delve into the details, but I am pretty certain that is what it is about. What she desires is the pinnacle of the Empire… to be the most favored mistress of the Emperor of Vollachia. It does not necessarily mean me.]

Subaru: […I kind of feel sorry for you.]

Abel: [Do not pity me based off your own advancing narratives.]

In a sense, it was a clearly-defined prerequisite for love.

The Emperor’s most favored mistress—— In other words, Yorna’s goal appeared to lay in becoming the Emperor’s wife. Certainly, in that position, she could rule the Empire both in terms of power and financial strength without becoming the Emperor.

To rule the Demon City of Chaosflame was not enough to satisfy the greed of that beautiful foxwoman.

Taritta: [Now that you mention it , what did you write in your letter ?]

Al: [Well, maybe that he’ll take her as a wife if she comes to us or something. I think that’s the quickest way to do it, and she’s so beautiful.]

Subaru: [I wonder if her beauty’s enough to make up for the fact that she was so difficult to handle…]

Subaru believed that it was possible to tolerate some selfishness and bad character provided it was a beautiful woman, but only up to a point.

Priscilla and Yorna were undoubtedly beautiful, but Subaru would not take either as his wife. No matter how many lives he had, he could not handle living in a state of constant anxiety like that.

Abel: [I have no intention of revealing the contents of the missive. However, it shan’t disappoint your expectations. I can assure you of that.]

Subaru: [Guarantees can only be established when there’s trust… Oh no, let’s not go there. There’s no point in saying it. Stop, stop!]

Clapping his hands together, Subaru forced the topic to end there.

Abel looked at him disapprovingly upon witnessing that unsatisfying conclusion, but Subaru, looking at Al and prefacing with “By the way”, continued with a new topic of conversation,

Subaru: [A Divine General was there, you called him Olbart. Vicious Old Man, was it?]

Al: [Yeah, he was there. That old man’s bad news. I’ve met a lotta guys in my time, but he’s on a class of his own among those I’ve come across.]

Subaru: [Do you think that old man’s already been recruited by our opponent? If that’s the case, then Arakiya, Chisha, and a third person have already been taken.]

To have the majority of the Nine Divine Generals, five must be held.

But whereas Subaru and the others were still struggling to recruit the first one, there were already three Nine Divine Generals on the opposing side.

Al: [By the way, from what I heard before, that old man’s ranked Third. They also got the Second, Lil’ Miss Arakiya, and the Fourth, Chisha.]

Subaru: [They’ve got the biggest numbers pretty much covered!]

Upon hearing Al’s bleak report, Subaru shouted aloud.

If the ranks were in order of strength, the difference in strength seemed hopeless already. Since Yorna held the rank of Seventh, Subaru’s distress was to be expected.

Abel: [Do not bellow… It is likely that Olbart has not allied himself with the other faction. Currently, he is merely obeying the orders of the Emperor as a Divine General.]

Subaru: […And your basis for that is?]

Abel: [Olbart Dunklekenn is too, a man whose following plays cannot be read. If one wishes to shift the current situation, the path to victory must be rectified. Influencing Arakiya might be trivial, but Olbart is not as easy to ensnare.]

Subaru: [So what you’re saying, is that the Nine Divine Generals can’t be controlled completely after all…?]

In other words, since he had been unable to hold the reins of power, the body double who had taken his place would be unable to hold the reins of power either.

It was a conversation that he believed there was nothing to be happy about, one that made him feel uneasy about the future to come.

Taritta: [ Then , the old man named Olbart has room to be on our side .]

Abel: [Naturally, adequate leverage must be brought to the negotiation table. He is a crafty old man with needs and expectations. Once the situation becomes clearer, we can decide what to bring.]

Subaru: […Oh, by the way, you knew him Al, didn’t you? What’s your relationship with him?]

If they wished to negotiate with Olbart, Subaru believed Al to be the best choice.

The conversation between Al and Olbart at the castle tower had revealed this possibility.

Subaru: [Gladiator Island, was it? So you played a role in resolving a case that happened there…]

Al: [Oh, yeah. There ain’t much to add, though? Eight years ago, when I was still a gladiator in Vollachia, I got caught up in a rebellion on the island. Gladiators from the island took a High Countess hostage during a deathmatch, and gave demands for his release.]

Subaru: [That sounds like a major incident to me… And you solved it, Al?]

Al: [To be exact, it was me and Lil’ Miss Arakiya when she was still a loli. And then there’s the High Countess who was supposedly being held hostage… We can talk about those details later.]

Clouding the second half of the story, Al scratched his neck awkwardly. It seemed to be something difficult to speak of, but even without the hidden details, the gist of it could be understood.

Al had resolved an incident in the Empire and eight years later sought a reward for his achievement. That had permitted Subaru and the others to fulfill their purpose and return with their lives.

Subaru: [Did you really want to use it that way?]

Al: [I don’t think I’d ever have a chance to use it anywhere but there, so why not? To be honest, I didn’t think it’d be such amazing foreshadowing. I wanna thank the lethargic me of the time.]

Al gave a cheerful chuckle, apparently wishing to avoid making Subaru feel any more self-conscious.

At the same time Subaru felt grateful for his concern, Abel, voicing an “Is that so”, nodded his head in assent.

Plucking the chin of his oni mask and gently flipping it upward, Abel exposed his bare face to Al, and,

Abel: [I had gotten word that a gladiator of the Gladiator Island had labored in the turmoil immediately after my accession. I too had heard that he had requested no reward… Would that be you, clown?]

Al: [Seems like it was. I’m more surprised that it reached the Emperor’s ears and that he was able to remember it. Feels like he’s also gonna remember later all the frivolous talks we had during our travels.]

Abel: [It was a great deed. ——I shall reward you for your service. No matter what happens.]

Al: [Oh…]

Abel’s words were grave and adorned with an unmovable sincerity as he showed his true face.

Abel’s creed of “definite punishment or reward” once again gave him the appearance of an Emperor. Abel’s upbringing as an Emperor would not overlook those who did not seek rewards for their achievements.

Al too, would not be able to escape this time without receiving a reward.

Abel: [Whatever the case, now that the missive is in her hands, we cannot avoid waiting for tomorrow’s response.]

Subaru: [That’s right, isn’t it? There’s nothing more we can do… In the meantime, Yorna-san’s attendant girl said that the fake Emperor’s group would not lay a finger on us.]

Abel: [If that is what Yorna Mishigure said, there is no reason to cast doubt onto it.]

Abel accepted Tanza’s assurance of safety without hesitation. It seemed that there was something hidden there that Abel had yet to tell, something that had not been conveyed to Subaru and the others.

However——,

Subaru: [Even if I told you to tell me about it…]

Abel: [I am the one who shall choose what information to relay to you. The information you shall get is what you are capable of handling. ——At least for the time being.]

Subaru: [At least for the time being… Huh.]

For a moment, Subaru’s manner of speaking returned to its original form, and he admonished himself for the discord that had formed in his heart.

It would be easy to dismiss this as uncooperative from Abel. But, he himself wished not to be defeated. Just like Subaru was doing his utmost, Abel too was doing his utmost.

That approach might be something desired by Subaru, but he was still not in step with Abel.

Al: [So, that’s it for today, huh? Fortunately, we were able to save our lives and be able to connect them to tomorrow. In addition, we’ve thwarted our opponent’s goals, so I’d say we’ve done well.]

Al spoke in a loud voice, breaking the delicate atmosphere between Subaru and Abel.

Taking this into consideration, Subaru nodded and said, “I guess so”.

Despite the unusual circumstances, the first step toward winning over Yorna Mishigure had been taken, thanks to Al and Medium.

There was no option but to wait for Yorna’s response the following day.

Subaru: […As expected, I’m very tired.]

As soon as he concluded that there was nothing else to do today, his body became heavy.

The tension must have dissipated, and so his body had become aware of his fatigue. From having to go up the castle right after their arduous journey, to meeting with Yorna and encountering the false Emperor, it was the conclusion of an important bout.

His right arm was sore from the strain he had put on it, and he had to take care of his whip, which had been utilized quite recklessly.

After the completion of a large task, it was important to maintain your body and tools.

Subaru: [Nevertheless, I’m sleepy…]

Holding his wobbly head, Subaru muttered to himself in a daze.

Seeing Subaru’s condition, Taritta supported him while saying, “Natsumi”,

Taritta: [You’ve finished an important mission . I’ll take care of your equipment , so please rest early tonight . I’ll also take care of the night watch .]

Subaru: [Being wary of night attacks in the city’s so post-apocalyptic…] [2]

With a small smile at Taritta’s concern, Subaru decided to take her word for it.

Exhaling deeply, he went to his assigned room. However, as he did so——,

???: [Uu!]

Subaru: [It’s you again…]

Louis, who was supposed to have been separated from him in the adjacent room, jumped on Subaru as if she had been waiting for him. At Louis’s behavior of grabbing onto Subaru’s arm, Subaru put his hands on her head, utterly fed up.

Were it not Louis, he would not have minded the childish pleas for attention. However, it was hard to let his guard down considering it was Louis, particularly so when he was tired.

Wordlessly putting his finger on Louis’s forehead, Subaru flicked her white forehead prompting an “Ua” from her.

Subaru: [I don’t have time for you. Now, please step aside.]

Louis: [Aa, uaa!]

???: [Oh, she’s out of bed again! I’m sorry, Natsumi-chan. Hey, Louis-chan, come here! You’re with me!]

Louis’s body, as she clutched her forehead, was carried by Medium’s arms stretching out from behind her. After that, Louis continued to flap her legs, struggling to jump towards Subaru.

Her figure disappeared behind the door again, and this time Louis’s misdeeds came to a definite end.

Subaru: [Sheesh, what was that…]

Al: [She’s gotten even more attached to you, bro. Ain’t that it? Even if she hasn’t followed the story, she feels that you almost died.]

Subaru: [————]

If Al’s point was right, then Louis’s attitude was out of concern for Subaru.

It was hard for Subaru to accept that, emotionally. Louis was acting like an innocent child, but deep down, an evil and unforgivable malice was present.

Stubbornly believing this was the basic premise of the relationship between Subaru and Louis.

Subaru: [Abel, I’m going to go to my room to rest. You can…]

Abel: [Do not bother. You being present would not be of much use to us in a crisis.]

Subaru: [Don’t just leave it to Taritta-san. Be on the lookout for night raids all night.]

Upon obtaining a response devoid of any concern, Subaru replied with a scathing remark.

He was sorry that Taritta, who had to mediate all this, was in a panic, but for the time being, he was relieved that everything that had to be done before he went to rest, was now over.

Subaru: [I’m going to take off my makeup, undress… and sleep like a log.]

Returning to the room he had been assigned to, Subaru bobbed his head as he undressed.

Now that he had left the Shudraqian village, it was not possible to repair his wig easily. It needed to be treated with great care and attention, so the process was very delicate.

He washed the wig by pressing it into a fine mesh net, then carefully washed his clothes and shoes after taking them off.

After the minimal treatment, Subaru sunk into bed.

Closing his eyes, he slowly drifted away from consciousness.

Subaru: [Tomorrow, then…]

The circumstances had evolved again.

If the situation changed, what he saw would change. If what he saw changed, a path would open. If a path would open, he could get closer to his goal. That was where everyone he had been separated from was.

Subaru: [Rem, Beako… Emilia, tan…]

With an ache in his heart, Subaru called out the name of his loved ones in another country.

As he dreamed of his loved ones’ names and his reunion with them, his consciousness faded ——,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [————]

At a slow pace, the awakening of his consciousness came, and Subaru opened his eyelids atop the bunk.

He was not one to fall asleep easily, usually, but last night he had been so tired that he slept very well. So deeply that he did not even remember having dreamt.

He’d thought that would have been enough to rid him of much of his fatigue, but ——,

Subaru: [What?] [3]

However, it was not sufficient rest that prompted Subaru’s awakening, but a noisy presence.

In the bedroom where Subaru slept, some kind of lively voice and presence came from the other side of the door. This had served as an alarm, having pulled Subaru out of sleep.

——A noisy atmosphere upon waking, was never a good sign.

Outside the window, the morning sun was leaking through the closed curtains, indicating that it was a little too early in the morning.

Feeling the already-noisy atmosphere of the Demon City, Subaru looked at the wig drying in the shade, at a loss what to do with it.

Considering what he had done so far, he should dress like a woman with his Natsumi Schwartz persona.

But if the situation on the other side of the door was dire, there was no time for crossdressing. Mulling it over for a moment, he decided that first priority went to finding out what was occurring.

There was a high likelihood that he was jumping into the wrong conclusion. If it was indeed important, Al, Medium, Taritta, or someone other than Abel would have woken Subaru up.

Therefore——,

Subaru: [Ah!?]

With this thought in mind, Subaru attempted to get out of bed, and fell from his shoulders to the floor.

The impact sent sparks flying in front of his eyes, causing Subaru astonishment at what had happened to him. It was not that he was sick, or that he had stepped on the clothes he had taken off.

It was, however, that his foot had missed the floor entirely as if he had misjudged the height.

——Subaru’s legs had been unable to cover the distance from the bed to the floor.

Subaru: [That’s ridiculous…]

Subaru, too, was troubled by the fact that his legs were short, but not to the extent that it interfered with his daily life in any way. Even with his short legs, he had been with his body for eighteen years.

He sat up, only to realize that he could not have messed up that badly.

——Strangely, compared to last night, everything in the room looked bigger.

Subaru: [Hey, heyhey, what kind of joke’s this…]

His cheeks tensed and his voice quivered, as Subaru touched his face. Gasping at the loud sound of his heartbeat, he crawled, his arms and legs clutched by his bulky clothes.

Just like that, Subaru headed for the mirror in his bag. A mirror was essential for fixing his makeup and getting dressed, so he reflected himself in it to see what had happened and——,

Subaru: [What the hell is this…?]

Looking at what was reflected by the mirror, Subaru muttered in dismay.

The mirror trembling in his hand, its reflection was none other than Natsuki Subaru.

However——,

Subaru: [————]

——However, there he was, young Natsuki Subaru, as a boy around ten years old.

Translation notes:

[1] Ikemen (イケメン) is modern slang used to call someone a good-looking man.

[2] The expression used here is “ 世紀末 ”, which might be something Subaru got from Hokuto no Ken, as it is used there as well.

[3] Subaru stops using his Natsumi style of speech (feminine, more polite), and starts using his usual style again after this, for the most part.

--- Chapter 40: Natchuki Subawu ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [————]

Subaru’s throat froze upon regarding his own face reflected in the mirror.

It was a face he recognized, but a face he felt reluctant to say he was used to seeing—— which came as no surprise, as his face reflected in the mirror was a relic of the past, no more than a fading memory.

——For that which was reflected there, was the face of a young Natsuki Subaru.

Subaru: [What, is, this…]

The hand grasping the mirror trembled, the pale face of the young boy rocking minutely and repeatedly.

His other hand, the one not holding the mirror, reached for his face as if to check it, and fingers that were smaller than those in his recollections, ones befitting the young face, came into view through the mirror.

Judging from the facial features and height, that was a roughly ten-years-old Natsuki Subaru.

Subaru was a mischievous boy whose stature was slightly over average, having reached the average height for a Japanese person only once his limbs had fully developed; with certainty, he had been a pipsqueak back then, at the time of elementary school.

To speak of his perspective at the time, he had wished to grow up as fast as he could——,

Subaru: [What the hell is this—— Hk!?]

In the mirror, his lips and eyes appeared to shake, and not just because his hands were trembling.

It was also a clear sign that his soul was rejecting the abnormal situation reflected in his eyes.

It was a sight worth being dubbed a nightmare.

Were this simply “rejuvenation”, then more than a few people who dreamed of such a thing existed. Unfortunately, Subaru, as a flowering teenager, had nothing to do with such desires.

Even if it was a great wish of his, however, he would probably attach the condition that he wants to choose the right time and place.

That was how absurd this state of emergency was.

Subaru: [I-I can’t stay like this… Hk.]

After a long time, Subaru came to himself and rushed to his bedroom door.

By no means would the inn’s lodgings have a perk such as “rejuvenation”. It was natural to think that this was an attack from someone hostile.

He had to hurry and share the information with his friends staying at the same inn, to come up with a plan to overcome this obstacle——,

Subaru: [Guys, we’re in trouble! You may be surprised by the suddenness of this…]

???: [Oh, I knew it, Subaru-chin got smaller too!]

Subaru: [Wha?]

The moment he twisted the doorknob, which felt as if it were higher and heavier than usual, and opened the door with great force, he was greeted by an unexpected sight—— Nay, it was a sight he should have expected.

Outside his bedroom, in the living room where several people had gathered, Subaru was greeted by a girl with a lovely face and a cheerful smile, waving her hand.

Her clear blue eyes and golden hair with its characteristic weave—— her unmistakable sunny clarity allowed Subaru to connect the girl to the woman in his recollections.

Subaru: [M-Medium-san…?]

Medium: [That’s right~! When I woke up, I was so surprised to see how tiny I was! But I’m relieved to see Subaru-chin’s tiny too. Buddies, buddies!]

The one who spoke these words with her hands in the air in jubilation, was a girl of about twelve or thirteen years of age, wearing a thin cloth wrapped around her bare skin—— she had declared herself to be Medium O’Connell.

Albeit she was quite tall for a woman, having been caught up by the same phenomenon as Subaru, her size had shrunk considerably. However, she was still half a head taller than the shrunken Subaru.

Anyhow——,

Subaru: [Not a situation in which you can simply be happy that you’ve found a buddy… Uwah!?]

???: [Uuk!]

As Subaru tried to swallow his initial shock, his body was blown away by an impact to his side, and someone pressed down on his upturned chest.

At the feeling of pressure, Subaru unconsciously raised a shriek like that of a squashed frog.

Medium: [Ahh! Louis-chan, you can’t do that! Because Subaru-chin’s so tiny!]

Louis: [Aa, uu!]

Medium: [Kya! I can’t lift Louis-chan because I’m too tiny~.]

Medium desperately tried to pull away the fierce beast flailing on Subaru’s chest. However, her shrunken arms were not enough to stop the savagery of this evil and tyrannical being.

With that, the young Natsuki Subaru was about to be laid waste to, with no way to do anything about it——,

???: [Louis, don’t ! Subaru’s going to be crushed !]

Louis: [Aahk.]

Along with a sharp reprimanding voice, the heavy monster on his chest was removed. When he looked, Louis, now away from Subaru laying on his back, for some reason had a sad look on her face.

The one to put her hands under Louis’s armpits and lift her up was Taritta—— her appearance, with her blue-dyed black hair, was no different from what Subaru knew.

Medium: [Haa~, Taritta-chan, thanks! I wasn’t strong enough~.]

Taritta: [N-no, it wasn’t much … Subaru, are you okay ?]

Subaru: [Oh, yeah, you saved me… I’m so glad you’re the same, Taritta-san. And…]

He took the hand that Medium offered him and raised himself up, then looked at the back of the room.

There, sitting on the sofa, silently observing the flurry of events that had just taken place, was the dark-haired man whose face was covered by an oni mask—— Abel.

Subaru was relieved to see him unchanged, but he also had a few thoughts on how he had not tried to help at all.

Subaru: [Nothing happened to Abel…]

His appearance, the fact that he was hiding his face included, had not changed since yesterday.

Whether it should be called a blessing or not could not be gauged at this point.

However, the fact that Abel, whose face he could not see, did not welcome this situation could be seen from the displeased air that came through the oni mask without a hitch.

In fact, as proof of his unsettled state of mind, he turned his gaze to Subaru and said,

Abel: [This is a disgrace.]

And with a mere sentence, he was able to disregard the situation.

Subaru: […I think I’m rather cute and charming.]

Having received a blunt remark, Subaru’s gut reaction was to spit out a retort. However, Subaru himself knew very well that this was nothing more than a sarcastic remark.

The abnormal situation that had befallen him and Medium, which did not seem to affect Abel, Taritta, and Louis——,

Subaru: [If that’s the case, the other one’s…]

???: [——Oh, I’m glad you’re paying attention, bro. I was afraid you’d forgotten about me.]

Subaru: [——Hk!]

Just as Subaru was wondering about the last of his companions staying at the inn, the answer was presented to him.

Eyes wide open, Subaru turned around to see a dark-haired figure in front of him, one that had come out of another bedroom. He was a boy around the same age as Subaru, around ten years old—— his strange appearance was quite eye-catching.

After all, the boy was wearing a suitably torn cloth wrapped around his face, as to hide his appearance.

Subaru: [Al, right…? What’s with the covering?]

Al: […My helmet doesn’t fit anymore. The only thing I could think of was to wrap a cloth around my head instead. Don’t mind it too much.]

Subaru: [Even if you tell me not to mind it, it’s going to be on my mind…]

Then the young Al, his face hidden, waved his right hand at Subaru.

Because less was covered compared to the helmet he usually wore, his tied black hair, habitually hidden, was exposed. It reminded Subaru of the way Abel used to conceal his face with a piece of cloth before sporting the oni mask, but the way Al had wrapped his was looser.

He looked just like a cheap-looking killer in a movie.

Subaru: […I know you can’t wear your helmet, but do you have to cover your face?]

Al: [Oh, that’s a statement without delicacy , bro. I ain’t wearing the helmet for style or as a whim, but as the manifestation of a complex . Even if I’m now a child in appearance with the intellect of an adult, it doesn’t make it any less real. ——It ain’t like my arm’s grown back. That means the scars on my face haven’t disappeared either. It’s the same for you bro, right?]

Subaru: [That’s…]

As Al said this, he showed his left arm—— which was unchanged, his upper arm still in a state of having been lopped off, proving that Al’s perception of the current situation was correct.

Those three people, made up of Subaru and Al, as well as Medium, were unintentionally rejuvenated. It was not that time had rewound, however, it was a clear change in their bodies.

Subaru: [————]

In response to Al’s words, Subaru also flipped up his own loose-fitting shirt, and confirmed that the old scars all over his body had not vanished. His small child body was covered with all sorts of scars that made him want to look away. ——The years he had spent in this other world had not disappeared.

He had never really thought that there would be a day when he would be relieved by the existence of those scars.

Despite that, the scars had taught him something. That this was a situation in which his limbs had simply shrunk.

However——,

Al: [A misfortunate destiny such as having our limbs shrunken doesn’t just happen at random.]

Medium: [Right~. Hmm, this might mean I’m not gonna be able to help big bro with his work. He’s way too weak, so this is a big problem!]

Subaru: [It’s definitely true that it’s a big blow to the O’Connell siblings’ business, but…]

It spelt trouble for long-term business plans for sure, however there was certainly also a heap of troubles short-term.

Currently, Subaru’s problem was that, due to him being misshapen, he did not have any clothes that fit. Such was not the case for Al and Medium, though.

Subaru: [Al, you mentioned that your helmet doesn’t fit, what about your weapons?]

Al: [Good catch. I can’t wield one with my cute lil’ arm.]

Medium: [It might be hard for me to hold both of them. But I should be able to manage one… Ah!]

Subaru: [Watch it!]

Medium drew one of her twin swords from the scabbards at her side, but the blade slipped through her grip and nearly sliced Subaru’s knee.

Albeit barely, the tip of the blade almost grazed Subaru then stabbed into the floor, bringing him horror.

Medium: [Wow, Subaru-chin, I’m sorry…]

Subaru: [I-it didn’t cut me, so… but that’s pretty bad.]

With a sullen sigh, Medium pulled out the stuck sword and carefully put it back in its sheath.

The weapons she had been able to use so freely just the previous day were now in a wholly unusable state. To Medium, whose expected active role was that of a fighter, this was a crisis that shook her to her core.

The same could be said for Al, though not in terms of his military prowess.

Subaru: [This means that Taritta-san’s the only one with any legitimate fighting strength at the moment, right?]

Medium: [What? I’ll do my best even if I’m small, you know!?]

Subaru: [I appreciate the spirit, but you don’t meet the labor standards…]

Medium’s undampened attitude was nice, but a realistic view of the situation was also required.

With both Al and Medium in this state, the only one able to fight properly was Taritta. ——And even if she was assured of her abilities, it would be a lonely endeavor amidst enemy territory.

Taritta: [It’s only me …?]

In fact, Taritta was evidently accepting the pressure herself.

The reason for this was that the roles that would otherwise have been shared could no longer be divided, and must now be carried on her two shoulders.

He felt guilty to her for that, but——,

Subaru: [It’s going to be quite a burden. But what do we do from here? It seems like they’d have eyes on us, but should we escape from Chaosflame?]

Al: […So, you think it was that sexy lady castle owner who did this, bro?]

Subaru: [The three of us were the only ones affected.]

Having been asked that by Al, Subaru quietly nodded his head.

It went without saying that Subaru, Al, and Medium had a single thing in common: all of them had gone to the Crimson Lapis Castle as messengers the previous day. That being the case, it was perfectly legitimate to suspect Yorna’s involvement in the circumstances of their shrunken limbs.

Abel: [It seems that you are not as distraught as I had expected.]

Abel, who had been quietly ruminating about the contents of Subaru and Al’s conversation, interrupted them.

Sure, Subaru had been quite distraught right after waking up, but now that he had run into Al and Medium in the same situation, his agitation had lessened considerably.

In a way, it was possible to say that “buddies”, as Medium had put it, truly existed.

And yet——,

Subaru: [Perhaps I just missed the timing to be surprised and panicked. Maybe after I find more inconvenient things with this body then I’ll realize the importance of my lost height and weight.]

Abel: [Even though you have shrunk, you are a man who always feels the need to talk.]

Subaru: [Adaptability and cleverness are two of my few selling points, that’s why.]

He was being increasingly scorned for ceaseless chatter, but Subaru still retorted without regard. Sure enough, Abel’s gaze from behind the oni mask became sharper, and he muttered with visible exasperation, “You talk too much”.

However, he did not stop at that, and resumed his words.

Abel: [You can discard your suspicions about Yorna Mishigure. Your transformations differ from the principle of the techniques employed by that thing.]

Subaru: [Are you sure…?]

Abel: [As far as I can surmise, yes. It is up to you to decide whether this is worth believing.]

Abel directly denied the suspicions held by Subaru just before.

However, it seemed that the basis for this denial lay only within Abel. Subaru’s mouth curved in frustration as he was told that he was free to decide whether it was to be trusted or not.

Despite this, it did not take him long to mull it over.

Subaru: [——. I understand. But if it wasn’t Yorna, then who was it?]

Abel: [Perhaps it was Olbart Dunkelkenn who caused it.]

Subaru: [Olbart… That old man from yesterday?!]

Abel mentioned the name of the architect of this situation to Subaru, who, swallowing his dissatisfaction, placed trust in his speculation.

What had come from his mouth, was the name of the false Emperor’s companion they had run into at the Crimson Lapis Castle the previous day, a diminutive old man who was said to be one of the Nine Divine Generals.

Among the Empire’s strongest and labelled a General First-Class, he was a person who had been bestowed with the third rank from the top. Naturally, Subaru had anticipated him to be a man possessing might which was not to be taken as trivial, but——,

Subaru: [I didn’t expect him to be such a freaky person who can bring about such nonsensical situations…]

Abel: [I know not the depths of his abilities. But you cannot deny what has happened… There are other possibilities aside from Olbart when it comes to forging one’s external appearance.]

Subaru: […Unfortunately, it doesn’t look like a hallucination or anything.]

He had already tried pinching his cheeks and waking up from what seemed like a dream.

The possibility that magic or drugs were messing with his perception and making him hallucinate was null. The fact that his arms and legs were actually short, and that he had been unable to push back against Louis’s strength and weight, posed as pretty good evidence.

The physical effects on the body, such as the size of Subaru’s clothing and Al’s helmet, could not be overlooked.

Abel was probably also regarding it as unlikely. As he had not made any special effort to object to Subaru’s insistence that it had an actual, real effect.

Subaru: [First of all, it’s good that we don’t have to run away with our tails between our legs… How troublesome. Even the Emperor, Abel, doesn’t know how that old man fights? Who the hell is he?]

Abel: [He is the head of a group called the “Shinobi”, who are masters of peculiar techniques.]

Subaru: [Shinobi… A ninja?]

Abel: [——. What is that?]

Abel questioned Subaru while raising his eyebrows, the latter having blurted something out unintentionally.

When one heard of the word “shinobi”, their first reflex would be to think of “ninja”, which had the same meaning. However, it appeared that the latter word sounded new or strange to Abel.

But to Subaru, much like when he had first learned about Kararagi dialect and Wafuu-style architecture, he thought it seemed to be knowledge of the world Subaru knew, or felt like a slight remnant of it.

Subaru: [These shinobi, do they use ninjutsu, or do they go undercover in the darkness of night to spy on or assassinate people?]

Abel: [I have never heard of ninjutsu, but you understand the main function of the shinobi… That too, is not supposed to be information that reaches the public easily.]

Subaru: [There’s something similar in my homeland, they’re called ninjas. Right, Al?]

Al: [Hmm? Yeah, right. They’re a quartet of turtles with a great sense of humor.]

Perhaps he felt the same tug as Subaru, but Al’s answer was a bit off the mark as Subaru thought about it. They were characters from a popular cartoon of yesteryear, though Subaru did not dislike them. [1]

Anyway, even if he explained the details, Abel would not comprehend it; and it seemed the latter viewed it as a pointless topic to delve into as he did not make any attempt to ask him about the details.

Instead, Medium let out a “Oh!” with her big eyes open wide,

Medium: [If it was that Gramps of yesterday who did it, it could be that! You know, when we escaped from the Castle…]

Subaru: [When we escaped…? Ah.]

Medium: [When me and you were both struck in the chest!]

Medium’s cry was a bit misleading, but Subaru had an inkling of what was up.

It had come to pass the previous day, during their escape from the Crimson Lapis Castle—— in the middle of the life-threatening battle to fulfill Yorna’s nasty conditions.

Subaru and his group had escaped from the false Emperor’s bodyguard Kafma’s thorns, and broken through the walls of the Castle in an attempt to escape, only for each of them to be pierced by the blow of the pursuing Olbart.

However, that Divine General’s attack had not caused any damage to Subaru’s group.

——At that time, that had gone alright. But it could not have been harmless.

Subaru: [That said, it’s normal that something like this couldn’t have been predicted…! I mean, that explains me and Medium-san, but Al? Why did you shrink?]

Al: [Sorry, bro. I had a few run-ins with the old man before I jumped out. It wouldn’t be surprising if he’d hit me at some point. I figured that if the wound didn’t kill me, it’d be a no-count .] [2]

In a low tone—— or, at least, in as much of a low tone as a boy whose voice had yet to drop could muster, Al blamed himself for his lapse with a grumble.

But it was wrong for Al to blame himself. Al had done his part and allowed Subaru and Medium to survive in that desperate situation. The same can be said for Medium.

So, it was Subaru who should have known.

If he could not be of use in a battle, he should have been aware of every eventuality.

The result of failing to do so was this “disgrace”, as Abel had said.

Subaru: [I can’t let Rem see me like this… If I’m the same size as Beako, Emilia will treat me like I’m younger than she is even more.]

Al: [Even if I’ve been shrunken down, I don’t think it likely that the Princess’ll treat me affectionately like she does Schult-chan, so I wonder who benefits from this development.]

Taritta: [I’m surprised that everyone is so calm … I’m still confused …]

A pale Taritta revealed her innermost thoughts, as Subaru and Al discussed their shrunken bodies.

With Louis flopping in her arms, Taritta’s bewilderment was palpable, due to being the sole remaining fighting force. It was almost as if she felt guilty for having escaped harm.

Of course, Taritta was the one who was physically and mentally normal in this situation.

Subaru: [Honestly, I feel like I’d start screaming if I didn’t joke about it a bit.]

Taritta: [I-is that so ?]

Subaru: [Yeah… It’s that revolting.]

It was not his young body.

His own body had been unintentionally remade. The disintegration of the definition of the self was sickening.

Subaru: [————]

Subaru was rather proud of himself for having faced a variety of experiences in this other world thus far.

Although the experience of death was the most extreme, it was quite possible to say that the dense experiences of the past year and a half were incomparably richer in color, taste, and density than that of an ordinary person.

Compared to any of these experiences, the inexpressible disgust that came with the feeling of being remade stuck out.

Subaru: [This is what it feels like, to be one of Lust’s victims…]

The sound of wings echoed in Subaru’s mind as he hugged his thin, small shoulders and clenched his teeth.

It was the sound of the wings of those who had fallen victim to the Authority of the Sin Archbishop of Lust in the Watergate City—— the memory of the victims whose bodies had been morphed into that of flies, and were still waiting to be saved.

The tragedy of these people, who had been transformed into something else, easily transcended Subaru’s flimsy understanding of their situation.

The very act that had compelled such a sensation was——,

Abel: [——Vicious, I would state.]

With arms crossed, Abel accurately guessed Subaru’s innermost thoughts, causing the latter’s breathing to hitch.

Meeting Subaru’s unsteady gaze with his own,

Abel: [Olbart’s nickname is Vicious Old Man… And as befits his name, he makes use of the shinobi arts to carry out all kinds of special tasks, vicious and otherwise.]

Al: [Special operations, huh? So does he get ridiculous requests like go make the target into a baby?]

Abel: [What kind of absurd instructions are those? ——But witnessing this disastrous scene, I would guess that would not be impossible.]

Al: [————]

Abel’s response to Al, however, had a weight to it that could not be laughed off as a joke.

As a matter of fact, since Subaru, Al, and Medium were made this young, it was impossible to even guess the capabilities of Olbart’s techniques, and their extent.

And with that as their grasp of the situation, the thing that made them most anxious at the moment would be——,

Subaru: [This can be undone, right…?]

Abel: [I cannot state with certainty, but I believe it reasonable to assume a way to return you to normal exists.]

Subaru: [W-what makes you say that?]

Abel: [The only pretext for poisoning someone and not have them die immediately, is to negotiate with them.]

Hearing Abel’s speculation and their justification, Subaru was also convinced with no further words.

This phenomenon—— which may be called “infantilization” for the sake of convenience, could be likened to the act of poisoning, and the other party’s intention would be to avoid immediate death.

This was a strategy to extract some kind of concession.

Taritta: [ Then , if there’s some kind of contact from the other party …]

Abel: [I shall reiterate. I cannot state it with certainty. But——]

Abel looked over at Taritta, who was holding her breath, and said that her high hopes were poisonous. And just as Abel was about to resume speaking.

——From outside, there was a knock on the door of the room.

Subaru: [——Hk.]

Because of the previous conversation, everyone’s attention and tension turned to the door.

Subaru also stiffened, thinking of it as a possible sign of contact from Olbart, who had brought about the “infantilization”. However——,

???: [——My apologies for disturbing you this morning. I am Yorna Mishigure-sama’s messenger.]

The voice that came through the door was a disappointing one at this point in time.

That disappointment was the reason as to why the tension that had been building up loosened at a sluggish pace. On the other hand, Subaru belatedly understood that a messenger from Yorna signified a reply to yesterday’s letter.

In addition to that, he also noticed the owner of the voice bringing the reply.

Medium: [This voice’s that of the deergirl from yesterday, isn’t it? See, it’s Tanza-chan.]

Subaru: [Looks like it. Good. Then I can let her come in… right?]

With a nod to Medium, who held up a finger, Subaru asked Abel if he wanted her to enter the room. At Subaru’s gaze, Abel paused for a moment, then nodded slowly.

Having received this cue, Subaru turned to go to the door and greet his visitor.

Taritta: [ No , I will .]

Interrupting Subaru, Taritta took the initiative and stepped forth. She left Louis in Medium’s hands and ushered Subaru and the others back, away from the door.

As far as this matter was concerned, it must be said that Subaru was the one who lacked a sense of danger. Even if it had not passed his mind, he could not just open the door devoid of any protection.

And currently, the shrunken Subaru’s vigilance was no different from being defenseless.

Tanza: [My apologies for disturbing you. I have come to deliver the words of Yorna-sama.]

The one to bow and step over the doorsill to reveal herself was, just as they had thought, Tanza, the deergirl.

Just like yesterday, once the kimono -clad girl stepped into the room, she met the gazes of those greeting her and paused.

It was unclear what the expressionless girl thought of the unusually large number of children in the room. However, it should be noted that her gaze had lingered the longest on the suspicious man wearing an oni mask.

Anyway, after the girl surveyed the room,

Tanza: [What happened to the messengers from yesterday?]

Subaru: [Uh… They’ve left for a bit, should I go get them?]

Tanza: [——. No, if you could tell them later.]

On and off, Tanza’s attention would be drawn to Abel at the back of the room.

He thought she, as a child, was too good a servant, but there were some unexpectedly cute aspects to her, like the way she could not take her eyes off something interesting.

Nevertheless, the report she brought would have a tremendous impact on the future of Subaru and the others.

With quiet tension, they waited for Tanza’s words.

And then——,

Tanza: [After reading the letter, Yorna-sama will reply formally. Therefore, I would like to request you all to report to the Crimson Lapis Castle.]

Subaru: [She read it…?]

Subaru felt relieved after Tanza had spoken so with a bow.

Albeit rude, after everything that had passed, he suspected that Yorna tearing up the letter on a whim was not an impossible outcome.

It could be said to be the same sense of insecurity as dealing with a high-strung cat, or Priscilla. As if he could not find the precise approach, that was the impression he got.

Al: [I ain’t denying that the Princess is hard to deal with, but even she discerns TPO… Well, I ain’t too sure about that actually.] [3]

Reading Subaru’s inner thoughts from his expression, Al tried to defend Priscilla, but gave up halfway through. It was a sign that he, too, was having a hard time dealing with Priscilla, whom he had known for a long time.

Anyway, he was relieved that one side of the impending situation seemed to be going smoothly.

With this, the only major problem at hand was the infantilization of Subaru and the others——,

Tanza: [I hope that the Master who wrote the letter and all the messengers from yesterday will come to the castle tower.]

Subaru: [——Gueh.]

Tanza: [——?]

Hearing the unintentional moan that spilled out, Tanza lowered her round eyebrows and tilted her head.

In order not to allow her to notice his inner turmoil, Subaru smiled amiably and shook his head, “Nothing, nothing”, forcibly deceiving Tanza’s suspicions.

Whether she was satisfied or not, Tanza straightened her tilted head and said,

Tanza: [We will be waiting for you at the Crimson Lapis Castle, at the time the bell of Fire Time rings.]

Abel: [I understand the details. Well done. You may leave.]

Tanza: [——. Yes, excuse me.]

The time specified—— the bell of Fire Time, could be taken to mean roughly noon.

After informing them of the setting of the meeting with Yorna, Tanza performed a curtsy, and turned away to leave the room. “Excuse me”, Subaru called out towards her back,

Tanza: [Yes, what is it?]

Subaru: [I want to make sure just in case, but the main person invited is the person who wrote the letter, and the messengers from yesterday are an extra, right? In other words, if the messengers are unable to attend due to various circumstances…]

Tanza: [Yorna-sama has said to invite the messengers as well.]

Subaru: [————]

Tanza: [I hope that in this Demon City, you will not fail to follow Yorna-sama’s words.]

Tanza’s voice was plain, but it was a reminder of her absolute and unshakable will.

Leaving that behind, he watched the departing messenger girl and shut the door. After doing that, Subaru took a deep breath and turned around.

And then——,

Subaru: […Do you think we, in this state, meet the conditions she just mentioned?]

He stretched out his changed arms, and posed that question.

Translation note:

[1] Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles reference.

[2] The loanword employed by Al here is commonly used in sports, when a point is disallowed/not counted.

[3] Loan-word abbreviation meaning “(appropriate) time, place and occasion”.

--- Chapter 41: A Chat Over Tea ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [——Strategy meeting!]

In a room so quiet a pin being dropped could be heard, Subaru raised his short arm along with this suggestion.

There was no rebuttal to that remark. They all felt the need to discuss their situation.

The topic of discussion was, of course, the matter of making an appearance at the Crimson Lapis Castle.

Subaru: [Abel, who wrote the letter, and us, who went to the Castle yesterday, are indispensable…]

Looking down at his clothes with their sleeves and hems wrinkled, Subaru ruminated on the request from Yorna that had been left behind by Tanza, who had come as an envoy; a frown formed between his brows.

He was willing to accept the risk of sending Abel directly to the Castle, but his biggest concern was the condition that he should be accompanied by the messengers from the previous day.

Would Yorna appreciate it if he took along the shrunken Subaru, Al and Medium, he wondered. Worst-case scenario, there was a good chance that it would be considered a prank.

Alternatively, there was the option of telling Yorna all about their situation and appealing to her heart with sincerity, but——,

Abel: [It is completely devoid of reason to show your hand when you do not know the future actions of your opponent.]

Subaru: [I see… I can’t say for sure Yorna’d even listen to me either, considering yesterday’s exchange…]

Abel refused to reveal all his cards, and Subaru agreed with him on that point.

Although he had avoided saying so yesterday, if Subaru wished to describe the impression he had of Yorna, the expression “evil woman” would be a valid choice. The way she spoke and acted like a courtesan seemed to Subaru to be that of a temptress with excellent skills in toying with men in the palm of her hand.

The danger posed by Yorna went without saying, as, in addition to her position as the Lord of the Demon City, she possessed the aptness to be bestowed the title of Divine General.

She was the one they had first set their sights on as a potential ally among all of the Nine Divine Generals, however, as Abel had warned, she was not the kind of person to whom they could easily disclose their situation to.

Al: [If we spammed her full with our circumstances and she then asked about you, we’d be screwed. Considering the cross-dressing and all that, what should we do if she asks something like “You dare lie to me?”.]

Subaru: [I don’t want to think I’ll be blamed like that, but if that’s the case, why don’t I just pretend to be Natsumi Schwartz in loli form…?]

Taritta: [Wait, please wait . I’m afraid I’ll get more and more confused too …]

The dilemma of making up a lie to cover up another one was a common one, but the dilemma of having to cover up cross-dressing by still crossdressing after being “infantilized” would probably be unprecedented.

Unlike Al’s helmet, the size of the wig could be adjusted, so cross-dressing itself was possible, but whether it was necessary to go that far depended on how the story proceeded.

Medium: [So, what are we gonna do? The bell of Fire Time’s in about three hours, remember?]

Subaru: […Pretty sure we should go to the Crimson Lapis Castle.]

Medium tilted her head and asked, having hold Louis in her arms while listening.

While the two of them were the same size, and Louis was tilting her head to match Medium’s, Subaru had to consult with his inner scales.

Taritta: [First of all , we don’t have the option of not accepting Yorna’s invitation , do we ?]

Al: [Well, we went to a lotta trouble to have the letter read. If we don’t accept it, the meaning of yesterday’s hard work and us here having been shrunken would all disappear.]

Taritta: [If anything , all that’d be left would be the damage incurred …]

Nodding at Al and Taritta’s words, Subaru believed that retreat was not out of the question.

Not returning home until the money spent was recouped; this kind of mindset was a cliché for people losing everything through gambling. Cutting one’s losses would be important, in some cases.

However, what would be lost in this “loss-cutting”, was Subaru and the others’ statures.

Subaru: [Should we see this as serious or trivial​…?]

???: [Gettin’ younger’s better than growin’ ol’. Isn’t that like the secret to eternal life?]

Subaru: [Yeah, for sure——]

In a sense, “rejuvenation” meant an increase in chances, just like Return By Death.

If one could return to their childhood holding the knowledge and experience of an adult, they would be capable of training their physique in the most fitting way possible over time, and so, would be able to retry achieving the goals once given up on.

With those as the circumstances, it seemed like they’d found some situations which could be leveraged as an advantage, however——,

???: [——That’d be what you’d think, right? But it’s not that simple, is it? It’s not something that ya can easily use, ya know?]

At that moment, a third party interrupted the discussion, and Subaru’s breath stopped.

——No, Subaru’s was not the only to stop. Everyone present in that room went rigid, unable to move at that moment, and froze at the presence of the owner of the voice.

However, the person in question was unconcerned about the growing tension in the room,

???: [I’ve taken the liberty of makin’ tea for myself, does anyone else want some?]

With that question made in a casual tone, he lifted his steamy teacup.

Taritta: [——Hk!]

Immediately after, Taritta moved with a bouncing motion, like a spring-loaded doll.

She drew her bow in an instant and aimed her arrow at the person who had just appeared—— Olbart Dunkelkenn.

Her target was extremely close, there was zero chance she would miss or that he could dodge.

But Olbart shrugged his shoulders with a nonchalant, “Whoa, whoa”.

Olbart: [Don’t do it, don’t do it. I don’t like havin’ pointy things aimed at me. Ya know, ol’ people go ta the bathroom more often than not, and ya wanna scare ‘em into pissin’ their pants? I’m shakin’ in my boots here, yeah?]

Taritta: [You’re kidding me …! Who are you …]

Abel: [——Olbart Dunkelkenn.]

Taritta: [————]

The old man’s hostile but unconcerned stature made Taritta’s face flush with anger. Yet, in response to her question, the man in the oni mask, the one who had called out Olbart’s name, as if to reign her in.

The only one who had not moved at all, Abel, sitting on the sofa while donning his oni mask, exchanged glances with the man. To this, Olbart narrowed his eyes hidden by his thick eyebrows.

Olbart: [Well, I already confirmed yesterday that I’m a celebrity, so I’m not surprised, but ya got a pretty impressive face, ya know. Where’s that souvenir from?]

Abel: [Spare me the nonsense, old tree. What are you here for?]

Olbart: [It’s lonely these days ‘cause young people don’t wanna listen to ol’ people’s idle chatter. The people in my village are gettin’ better and better at ignorin’ me every day… Kakakakka!]

As he talked about the lonely circumstances of his old age, Olbart opened his big mouth and smiled cheerfully.

At the dialogue between Abel and Olbart, the confusion of Subaru and the others on the sidelines slowly melted away. However, it was impossible for them to completely let their guard down.

Medium: [But, Gramps, how did you get in here? It’s not like we weren’t keeping watch…]

Olbart: [Oh, doesn’t this lil’ thing look just like the dancer from yesterday. So if Gramps has ta answer, that’s just how it is. Ya let the deergirl thro’, right? And I came in with her.]

Medium: [Together? With Tanza-chan?]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! How I got in here’s a secret. Shinobi arts are like my tools of the trade.]

Medium’s simple query was laughed off by Olbart with the purpose of confounding them.

It was uncertain how serious he was about this, but in any case, the word “shinobi” had been mentioned by him himself, and he seemed to have no intention of hiding his true identity.

In that case, asking him directly about his true intentions for coming to their camp alone would be faster compared to probing him.

Subaru: [So…]

Olbart: [Hmm?]

Subaru: [So, what are you really doing here?]

Olbart’s gaze turned to Subaru after the latter asked the purpose of his visit. With that, the old man wrinkled his brow as if thinking for a while,

Olbart: [Ah, ya, was that’cha? Were ya the girl in red from yesterday? I couldn’t possibly mistake the dancer-like girl and the one-armed man, so I was really worried.]

So he confessed, he’d had a hard time figuring out who Subaru was.

Hearing this, Subaru’s eyes widened, and Al, casually repositioning himself, sneered. He cleared his throat through his mask, his voice more hushed than usual,

Al: […That’s my bro. Even the shinobi head honcho didn’t know who you were.]

Olbart: [Oh, how impressive, how impressive! I wish the people in my village could learn from that transformation. How ‘bout bein’ a lecturer? You’d be welcome.]

Subaru: [Unfortunately, Natsumi Schwartz’s schedule’s quite full… Maybe I could make some time for you, though.]

Olbart: [Hoho, what’cha mean, “maybe”?]

He moistened his lips at how cross-dressing had unexpectedly landed quite the catch, and then, noticing the sensation of thirst in his throat, Subaru narrowed his eyes.

Regardless of how much he believed in this nonsense, he had to take full advantage of the opportunity to speak directly with Olbart. For the time being, about the abnormal situation that had befallen Subaru and the others.

As per Abel’s guess, the mastermind behind this phenomenon was none other than the old man in front of him.

Subaru: [If you got any idea who’s the reason we’re like this, be honest…]

Olbart: [Oh, that. I’ve done that myself. They’re interesting, aren’t they, the shinobi arts?]

Subaru: [————]

Without any bargaining, Olbart admitted that he had been the one to do it.

His statement drowning out the rest of his words, Subaru took a small gulp. And the old man laughed viciously as he watched Subaru stiffen,

Olbart: [If I killed’cha by accident, I wouldn’t be able ta hear anythin’ ya got ta say, and I’d be left with a lotta trouble, ya know? That bein’ the case, there are many ways to squeeze info outta someone without killin’. ——Interestin’, isn’t it?]

Olbart bluntly spoke those words, and sipped his warm tea.

△▼△▼△▼△

——The “infantilization” that had struck Subaru, Al, and Medium.

From the testimony of the one acquainted with the Nine Divine Generals, Abel, it was almost certain that the offender was Olbart.

However, for it to be affirmed directly by the person himself was a different kind of surprise. Especially if the other party was not offended at all and was proud of it.

Everyone: [————]

Olbart: [Oioi, we shouldn’t look at each other all scary. Didn’t’cha learn that ol’ people are to be cared for, not tortured?]

The tension in the room was rising again, and both Al and Medium, as well as Taritta, who had not lowered her bow from the onset, were gradually changing their positions.

In particular, Al was prepared to block the entrance door and obstruct Olbart’s escape route.

However, Al, with his shrunken body, could not handle his cherished sword at will, and so could not aspire to go far in stopping the shinobi head honcho that was always on the prowl.

Louis: [Uu…]

Olbart: [You’re a lil’ girl who’s got nothin’ ta do with me, aren’t’cha? Then ya lookin’ at me like that’s kinda hurtful. Don’t’cha like the sweet smell of ol’ men?]

Abel: [Do not play games with me, Olbart. I shall ask you once more. What brings you here?]

Abel hurled a few words at the side of Olbart, who was trying to win over the snarling Louis. Taking a glance at Olbart, the latter looking over his shoulder, Abel expressed a sharp spirit that could be transmitted even through the oni mask,

Abel: [You have heard the thoughts of Yorna Mishigure, Lord of this Demon City. She recognized them as envoys. She has made it clear that they shall not be touched.]

Subaru: [T-that’s right! Don’t touch us, that’s what yesterday’s game was about! We were risking our lives too! And yet, this treatment’s different from what was promised to us!] [1]

Olbart: [Oioi, you’re gettin’ all excited and mixed up, ya know.]

Taking advantage of Abel’s aggressive move, Subaru also reiterated Yorna’s statement from the previous day. It was as Olbart had said, Subaru had gone as far as to even return to the state of mind of yesterday; regardless, that still did not change the truth.

Yorna had recognized Subaru’s group as messengers, and Tanza had made it clear that she would not allow anyone to interfere with them.

To disregard that, was to express hostility toward Yorna.

Abel: [Of course, if your intent is to destroy the Demon City, you shall not give that the slightest consideration.]

Subaru: […Now that you mention it​.]

With Abel’s additional words, Subaru’s heated blood ran cold.

In fact, the fake Emperor’s faction, to whom Olbart belonged, had given up the right to negotiate with Yorna to Subaru and his party. Should they view it as a bad move, to just flip the table out of anger was also within their possibilities.

In that case, it would be inevitable that he would clash head-on with Yorna, who was esteemed as one of the Nine Divine Generals, in several senses of the meaning——,

Abel: [If you are to challenge it with the intent of destroying it, you shall avoid destruction. Of course, you shall come out of it with some damage.]

Olbart: […Well, that foxgirl can be tricky ta deal with. However, it’s no fun ta have that masked young’un see right through ya.]

Subaru: [Masked, young’un…]

Olbart scratched his chin with his fingers and pretended to be in pain. Overhearing some of his words, Subaru looked at Abel out of the corner of his eye.

Abel’s attitude was unchanged, but Subaru was on the edge of his seat at every step of this exchange. ——After all, Olbart was one of the Nine Divine Generals.

Of course, they must have seen Vincent Vollachia, aka Abel, many times.

Even though he was hiding his face with a mask, if Olbart were to exchange words with Abel, who had not changed his speech or tone of voice, it would not be surprising for the former to realize his true identity.

Olbart: [————]

However, Abel, who responded in a dignified manner, did not display any such anxiety.

Olbart, too, showed no signs of having perceived Abel’s true identity. With that as the case, Subaru was unable to identify him, and had no choice but to act by hiding his inner fears.

Anyway——,

Subaru: [I still don’t have your answer, Olbart-san.]

Olbart:  [——. Feels like I’m bein’ treated better like this, compared to bein’ just called an ol’ man. So I’ll let’cha off the hook for pretendin’ ta be a girl.]

Subaru: [Olbart-san!]

Subaru’s gaze sharpened on the old man, who had lost his nerve and dodged the question. Seeing this, Olbart raises his hands and says, “Okay, okay”,

Olbart: [The rewards for yer actions are just as ya said. The foxgirl and His Excellency both have told me ta stay out of it.]

Subaru: [If that’s the case…]

Olbart: [It’s just that, ya know. I poked ya folks before yesterday’s game was over, right? Then ya know what? If ya can’t complain ‘bout dyin’ from a sword wound ya got while fightin’, ya can’t complain ‘bout a shrinkin’ technique ya got hit with while fightin’ me.]

Subaru: [That’s quibbling…!]

Olbart: [Well, is it really quibbling? ——But ya can’t change it, can ya?]

Raising an eyebrow at Olbart, who was laughing at his own cunning, Subaru was at a loss for words.

Olbart’s argument was quibbling, as he himself had admitted. But on the other hand, his argument was correct as well.

Even if someone lost their life because of a wound inflicted during battle, were the wound inflicted before the negotiation of a ceasefire, it would make no sense to hold someone responsible for the tragedy after the ceasefire began.

However, Subaru had the impression that there was a large difference between a wound, and “infantilization”.

Olbart: [That’s why I think that bringin’ ya back and the foxgirl’s order are two different things. Do ya get me?]

Subaru: [————]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Don’t look so stern. Yer cute face’s ruined… That pretty face was just a sham made with cosmetics! Ya got me there, hook, line and sinker.]

Olbart played with the teacup with his fingertips and showed some acrobatic skills to keep the contents from spilling. His words themselves could not be easily fought off; they had been chosen with deliberate care attained by experience.

However, even if Taritta, who was becoming more and more nervous, and Al and the others, attempting to block the escape route, were to fight their best, subjugating Olbart by force was nowhere in sight.

If there was someone here capable of defeating this cunning, it would be——,

Abel: [Do not get carried away, Olbart.]

Indeed, only the man donning the oni mask tried to cut through his brimming ambition and cunning.

Abel, without changing his posture, shot Olbart with a look even sharper and colder, and made him stop playing with his teacup.

Abel: [I have already inquired you as to your purpose. How many more times must I ask until you feel like doing it?]

Olbart: [Whenever there’s a young’un whose expression I can’t see, I can’t help but wanna see the wrinkles between their eyes. I hope ya don’t mind.]

With one eye closed, Olbart mischievously responded to Abel’s domineering spirit. The old man scratched his head and voiced, “You’re a man with no time to spare”,

Olbart: [The foxgirl aside, His Excellency also told me not ta lay a hand on ya folks, so I didn’t come here to deal with’cha. But if we’re gonna be yer enemies anyway, it wouldn’t hurt ta weaken ya a wee bit, would it?]

Al: […That may have been the reason as to why you shrunk us, but you didn’t come all the way here to drink tea.]

Olbart: [Looks like you’re havin’ a hard time now that yer helmet doesn’t fit anymore, boy. Anyhow, guess you’re right about that. Ah well, the reason I’m here’s that I’m here ta listen ta what ya got ta say, honestly.]

Subaru: […What we got to say?]

While fiddling with his ear with the hand not holding the teacup, Olbart nodded to Subaru as the latter ruminated over the question, then spoke, “That’s right”.

With that, he then pointed out the window using the same finger that had been picking at his ear,

Olbart: [That performance at the castle yesterday, darn it if it didn’t make me giddy. But there are a lotta people who’ve tried ta mess with His Excellency, and so far, they’ve all failed. So, I’d like ta ask ya why ya decided ta cross that dangerous bridge as well.]

Subaru: […What are you going to do once you hear it?]

Olbart: [Oh? Obviously I’ll make a decision after hearin’ it. And I’m gonna do somethin’ ta make sure ya can’t lie.]

With Olbart’s mouth open wide as he sent saliva flying along with his hearty laugh, Subaru’s scrunched up into a scowl.

It was easy to dismiss his attitude, as was heard just a while ago, as just bad taste. But it was clear that the conversation could not just be shut down on him.

He was one of the Nine Divine Generals required to help Abel regain the throne, or to dispel the shinobi technique that had infantilized Subaru and the others.

Rather——,

Subaru: […A chance , is it?]

The position of the Nine Divine Generals was such that it was difficult to even contact them, nevertheless to get them on their side.

But presently, for whatever reason, Chaosflame was occupied not only by its Lord, Yorna, but also by Olbart in front of him, and Chisha, who seemed to be posing as a false Emperor.

Of course, even if cajoling the opposition posed by Chisha, who had taken the initiative, was an impossibility——,

Subaru: [If Abel’s reasoning from yesterday was correct, it doesn’t mean that Olbart-san’s confirmed as an enemy.]

Abel’s view was that hope remained regarding Olbart, who stood as one of the Divine Generals considered to already be the enemy’s pawns. At the moment, Subaru had to say that Abel’s judgment was a correct one, as he had managed to get to the point of negotiating with Yorna.

If they were to believe his speculation, there should be room for negotiating Olbart’s position.

However, in order to get Olbart on their side here——,

Subaru: [————]

In silence, Subaru glanced at Abel’s profile.

Revealing the identity of the man sporting the oni mask and keeping his dignified stance, Abel—— That was the absolute most important piece of information that they must disclose in order to conquer Olbart.

And frankly, Subaru did not have any further information that could resonate with Olbart.

Subaru: [————]

The oni-masked Abel did not even wince, as he met Subaru’s gaze towards his side.

His face was hidden behind a mask, making it impossible to observe any of his emotions. However, there was no way that the intelligent man could not have thought of what Subaru had come up with.

At this juncture, just how much of his own heart could he bare to the other party, Olbart?

Subaru’s thought was that this would be the focal point, but since Abel had not stirred, was he premature in his thinking? Or was he waiting to see what came to pass?

In any case, if they could get Olbart on their side, they would find a way to solve the problem of Subaru’s “infantilization”, their lack of strength, and the battle for the Nine Divine Generals.

Then, this would be the right time to play——,

Olbart: [——Ya know, funny thing is, people’s faces do say more than you’d expect, don’t they?]

Subaru: [Hmm…?]

Olbart: [Yer gaze, the way yer face tenses up, the way yer muscles contract just a little… Ya don’t actually gotta move yer mouth ta talk a lot.]

Thumping his two fingers against his temples, Olbart spoke. The old man nodded as his gaze fell on Subaru, whose breath had been taken.

Olbart: [For example, the girl who looks like a dancer relies on the girl usin’ the bow. The young’un with the cloth wrapped ‘round his head and the wee one rely on ya. And, as for the one usin’ the bow and ya… Well, both of ya rely on that masked young’un.]

Subaru: [——Hk.]

Olbart: [Ya can see the general direction of each pair of eyes. ——When you’re weak, it’s even more obvious, isn’t it?]

The words of Olbart, who flashed his white teeth as he said them, pierced Subaru’s mind.

And Subaru belatedly realized that he had greatly misjudged Olbart’s fundamental nature, a man who had even appeared seemed to be a good-natured old man.

Olbart had made it clear that he was the one who had “infantilized” them, and that he had done so in order to talk to Subaru and the others.

——He had never stated that it was to “negotiate” with Subaru and the others.

Subaru: [Didn’t you come here to, talk…]

Olbart: [Comin’ here ta “talk” and comin’ here ta “listen” are similar but slightly different, aren’t they? I don’t mind chattin’ like this, ya know? But…]

Subaru: [————]

Olbart: [Ya see, I’m also the shinobi head honcho, and I spend my time actin’ as a representative of the people of my village. That’s why… I can’t trust the words of someone I haven’t even tortured, ‘cause it’s too dangerous.]

Without losing the air of an old man with an understanding of what he spoke about, Olbart expressed his thoughts in accordance with the shinobi’s unwritten rules.

The bleakness and harshness of this world were certainly similar to that of the “ninja” world known to Subaru.

However, the feeling of enjoying it as a fiction was very unlike the feeling of being exposed to it first-hand in such a manner.

And——,

Olbart: [So, with his uppity attitude of havin’ no one to rely on, the masked young’un’s the leader, right? Lemme ask ya, what was it that made ya come ta seduce that foxgirl.]

Abel: [——. If that does not work, what will?]

Olbart: [Then you’ll just have ta find another way, won’t’cha? But since I’m forced ta stay out of it, there’s not much I can do ‘bout it.]

Olbart shrugged his shoulders, his gaze and attention were turned towards Abel. Of course, it was hardly believable that Olbart, the head honcho of the shinobi, would not be paying attention to the others.

Even if his head was not turned, his attention had not been diverted from Al nor Taritta.

However, even though a bow was being pointed towards him, to display any intention of attacking Olbart would be unwise for Subaru and the others surrounding him.

As per Yorna’s command, they were to be welcomed into Chaosflame as messengers.

Whether this would still apply after causing a disturbance in Chaosflame, and how she would deal with ill-mannered visitors, was a complete unknown.

In other words, the situation here was a stalemate for both Subaru and Olbart.

Both had no choice but to stare each other down, declaring their readiness to do harm.

And in such an extreme limbo——,

Subaru: […But, on the other hand, in these conditions, where can I even prepare it?]

Reflecting on the established situation, Subaru once again cast a question to the white space that had been born within his mind.

And once again, the thought arose, “Isn’t this an opportunity?”.

Bound by Yorna and the false Emperor, Olbart was unable to take any additional actions of hostility.

Subaru was judging which side Olbart was leaning; Supposing he was closer to the enemy’s side, they would have to act on this timing, they would not get any other situation like the one they had here.

Everyone: [————]

At a slow pace, time progressed.

Along with this tense situation, there was also the matter of the time at which the bell of Fire Time would ring, as presented by Yorna.

Time was precious. ——The more he wasted, the more his life diminished.

In silence, Taritta’s fingers trembled as she gripped her bow, and Al and Medium too muffled their breaths. Even Louis miraculously was only letting out growls, perhaps instinctively sensing the danger posed by Olbart.

Perhaps they could not decide to stir. If someone could, it would be——,

Subaru: [——Abel.]

Abel: [————]

Quietly, Subaru called out Abel’s name.

It was visible that his consciousness had turned towards him through the oni mask, upon hearing it. His eyes were invisible, as the oni mask blocked his gaze, but his attention was directed at Subaru.

The feelings there could not be seen. ——However, Subaru could guess its intent, as he had felt it.

Subaru: [This is the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia.]

Olbart: […Ahhn?]

In reply to Abel’s gaze, Subaru made that assertion, prompting Olbart to raise an eyebrow.

His eyes hidden by his long, rich eyebrows went open wide, as the old man was suspicious of Subaru’s words. It was a natural reaction, but it was far from the reaction he was looking for.

So, in order to elicit the desired response, they would go deeper.

Subaru: [You want to know who’s the faceless young’un, and what we’re here for. Why did we come to see Yorna? The answer is…]

Olbart: [Oioi, that’s not very funny, is it?]

Subaru: [I wasn’t trying to be funny. ——Abel.]

At a loss for words for an instance, Olbart’s voice was laced with a hint of surprise.

Perceiving that with clarity, Subaru called out to Abel at the back of the room. This far in the game, Abel did not try to refute Subaru’s words and actions.

Just inaudibly, his gentle fingers reached for his face. And then——,

Olbart: [——This is one hell of a thing.]

A concealed visage was revealed in front of Olbart, the latter letting out a voice of astonishment. Before his eyes, the one gazing back at Olbart as his face was tense, was a dark-haired beauty—— none other than the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia.

Olbart: [Your Excellency? But that’s too weird, isn’t it? But then, who’d I come wi——]

Abel: [Let your old wits run wild, Olbart Dunkelkenn. You possess the answers. All that remains is to draw them out.]

Olbart: [With the face of Your Excellency, sayin’ things that sound like Your Excellency… Ah, so that’s it.]

At first he had been taken aback, but the old shinobi soon regained his composure.

Having revealed his face, Abel passed an order as the Emperor, and doing as he had said, Olbart seemed to come to a conclusion of the situation he was in with the information he had.

Olbart put his hand on his chin, and,

Olbart: [Then that’d be Chisha. He’s got it all under control… There’s another matter, tho’. It’s not like ya, Your Excellency, ta let somethin’ like that happen ta ya, is it?

Abel: [You think your eyes can peer into the depths of my mind?]

Olbart: [Oh, very scary, very scary.]

Waving both his hands in the air, he let out a parched sound at Abel’s answer.

In fact, as Olbart had stated, Abel’s situation was definitely a groggy one, but his overwhelming bluff did not show any of that.

Upon seeing the change in Olbart’s expression, however, the tension left Subaru’s shoulders as well.

Olbart understood the situation.

Abel had been ousted from his position as Emperor, and Vincent, the man he was accompanying, was a false Emperor.

Olbart: [A lotta things that’d been confusin’ me have become clear. No, I was wondering why ya suddenly came ta see the foxgirl in person.]

Subaru: [All of that… was to stifle the actions of our side.]

Olbart: [Hahaa, it’s hard for ol’ people ta keep up with the ideas of ya smart folks, actually. Young, smart, good lookin’, I guess that’s bein’ super-greedy. Don’t’cha think so, too? Don’t’cha think? Since you’re also so young. Oh, that’s because of what I did! Kakakakka.]

Olbart roared with laughter, trying to get a laugh out of them with what he had said, even though it was not funny.

Subaru’s cheeks tightened at the sight, and he exhaled a long breath, suddenly looking at Taritta.

The Shudraq warrior still kept a wary eye, her bow trained on Olbart. He was attempting to get her to break her battle stance, and regain control of the situation.

Subaru: [Taritta-san, you can put your bow down now. Olbart-san’s…]

Olbart: [Oh? No, ya don’t have ta put it down, do ya? I think it’s impossible for that girl ta lower her guard in front of someone she’s not sure isn’t an enemy.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Olbart himself, the target of Taritta’s bow, was the one to halt Subaru’s effort to get her to lower her guard and talk to him.

The old man took Taritta’s caution as something natural, furthermore he did not do anything to try to deny the “naturalness” that was incomprehensible for Subaru.  ——In other words, the danger stemming from himself had not lessened.

However, then it would be as if——,

Subaru: [Let’s talk about this…]

Olbart: [Didn’t’cha hear me? I said I’d make a decision after I listened ta ya. And I did.]

Subaru: [————]

Subaru’s throat clogged up, yet, faced with that, Olbart’s attitude did not alter.

There was merely a quiet click of the tongue, and,

Abel: [This was one of those cards I did not know which way it would tend towards, but that is what you have decided, huh.]

Olbart: [That doesn’t sound like ya, Your Excellency. No, it’s fatal that you’re seriously outta cards ta play… And ta boot, ya weren’t lucky on the draw here. Ya know, I’ve always wanted ta try it.]

Abel: [Ho, and that would be?]

Olbart’s plan was set, and the shinobi head honcho laughed at the words of the ousted Emperor.

A laugh, suitable for the man holding the title of “Vicious Old Man”,

Olbart: [With me being an ol’ man with not long left ta live, I’ve always wholeheartedly wanted ta try and kill the Emperor, ta have a glorious death.]

Everyone: [—— Hk .]

The moment that vicious wish was spoken, movement occurred amidst that highly-strung environment.

That very moment, Taritta, Al, and Medium all moved to frustrate Olbart’s purpose, overriding the “no fighting” rule given to each one of them.

However——,

Olbart: [Yesterday, I couldn’t understand what trick ya were usin’, one-armed one. But it stopped workin’ since ya turned little, didn’t it?]

Al: [Ka… Hk.]

Olbart: [Can’t use the skills ya learned at a later age when you’re young.]

Having spoken those words, Olbart twisted his neck and swung his hands.

Blood splattered from his fingertips, and a tragedy unfolded in Subaru’s field of vision, his eyes open to their utmost.

Medium and Al, who had stepped in and tried to subdue Olbart, had their necks gouged out and blood spouted out. The blood scattered within the room like a fountain, making a person wonder where had so much blood flowed within a small child’s body.

Al: [Tch, ah… Hk]

Olbart: [Judgin’ from this, looks like ya aren’t able ta use yer last ray of hope. Still, I ended up doin’ ya in before finding out how yer trick works, that’s how it was, huh. I messed up, I messed up.]

Al crouched there, holding the gushing wound. Medium’s eyes went blank and she fell backward, motionless.

It was obvious that what they had suffered, was a fatal wound that could not be recovered from.

And Taritta, the only one ready to take on Olbart head-on——,

Subaru: [——Ah.]

Subaru had been wondering why a shot had not been loosened from the bow.

However, the suspicion that the attack that was supposed to take place did not, made Subaru direct his gaze in that direction.

Taritta was pinned to the wall.

Tall for a woman, Taritta’s slender frame was rested against the wall, her body pinned in place. The reason for her immobilization was a throwing weapon protruding from the center of her cleavage—— a shuriken . [2]

As if some kind of joke, the star-shaped projectile had pierced Taritta’s chest, skewering her back and pinning her to the wall. Her heart had been destroyed, it was clear she had perished instantly.

Abel: [——Even though you were told not to interfere, you could not help yourself.]

Suddenly, a man’s voice echoed in that room rife with death.

It had come from Abel, standing in a room that had become full of corpses terrifyingly fast. Having left his seat, the man looked down with a penetrating gaze at Olbart, the architect of all this death.

Bathed in that glare, Olbart wiped the blood splattered on his cheek with his finger,

Olbart: [Yeah. I wanna set off some big fireworks before I die. I’d be completely satisfied ta murder the greatest Emperor of all time, and be executed for it.]

Abel: [I couldn’t read your destructive tastes. My oversight.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! No, no, no, if my dreams of growin’ old were known, I’d be so ashamed that I wouldn’t be able ta live.]

Al had ceased moving, and Medium and Taritta had stopped breathing.

Under such circumstances, that conversation between Emperor and vassal seemed, to Subaru, to be something from another world. However, it was not another world. It was real. Real, overwhelming reality.

This was the reality that Subaru had arrived at, after making the wrong choice.

Olbart: [Once I’m done with Your Excellency, I’ll go back ta Chisha. I’m sure he’ll be able ta handle my death just fine.]

Subaru: [I’m… Hk.]

Olbart: [Oh? Oh, you’re still there.]

To Subaru, who had spoken up too late, Olbart turned around, the latter plunging into the atmosphere that marked finality.

The old man turned his neck with a snap to keep Subaru, his own face rigid, in check. Then, pointing to those fallen, Al, Medium and Taritta in turn,

Olbart: [That’s that. These guys tried ta kill me, so I killed ‘em back, but there really isn’t a reason for ya ta die, right? I don’t have the intention ta become a fugitive, so there’s no reason ta silence ya as well.]

Subaru: [Da, ah…]

Olbart: [Oh, guess I went ahead and spoke a lot again. It’s obvious that ya got somethin’ to say, so open yer mouth. I’m an ol’ man with a short life ahead of me, so I can’t wait that long tho’, ya know?]

As Olbart continued to speak leisurely at his own pace, Subaru’s thoughts turned white. —— No, his thoughts were being dyed a bright-red. Whether it was anger or the color of the blood that Al and the others had shed, even Subaru himself could not tell.

But even so, whatever, at any rate, never, here——,

Abel: [——Fool.]

And so, those contemptuous words came from Abel.

Currently, his gaze must be piercing the back of Subaru’s head. Feeling the pressure of his sharp gaze, Subaru was made keenly aware of the accuracy of his words.

There was no point in standing up for Abel now, with this.

If he had been able to act in such a manner before Al, Medium and Taritta had fallen, perhaps it would have been possible to change something,

Louis: [Uu…!]

Olbart: [Oioi, you’re even usin’ a lil’ girl that’s got no connection to me? Your Excellency’s method of doin’ things must have been somethin’ that women and young children hated for sure.]

In front of Olbart, who was putting his hand on his forehand, stood Louis. ——No, Louis was not standing in front of Olbart, but in front of Subaru.

Subaru was shielding Abel, and Louis was shielding Subaru, the three of them standing in a straight line.

It was just some absurd form of a meat shield.

Olbart: [I thought Your Excellency was supposed ta die alone.]

Abel: [——. Not everything goes according to one’s calculations.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka!]

Abel’s inability to keep his mouth shut at this point was met with a sneer and a loud laugh from Olbart.

Within the eyes of the elderly shinobi, neither Subaru’s nor Louis’s presence were reflected. But he was not so kind as to overlook those who stood before him with hostility.

Henceforth——,

Subaru: [——I’ll never forgive you.]

Natsuki Subaru’s young body spurted blood and sank into a cold pool of blood, searing into his mind the face of the shinobi as the latter guffawed viciously during his attempt to satisfy his ambition.

And so——,

△▼△▼△▼△

Blood flowed and a hot sensation gushed from the wound.

The hotness that overflowed endlessly, however, instantly drained the heat from his body.

That which had flowed out rapidly swallowed him, drowned him, rendered him invisible, and then, after he had sunk to the depths of the ocean, he would, he would——,

Subaru: [————]

Instantly, the lost blood coursed through Subaru’s body, producing a loud noise in his ears.

Accompanying the sensation of having his hearing sharpened to the extreme, came the cacophony of blood flowing through him in a quiet space. While being struck by it over his whole body, Subaru let out a ragged exhalation.

With violence he bit his back teeth, his vision flickering on and off due to the distant pain and sense of loss.

He wished to find out where he had returned to——,

???: [I’ve taken the liberty of makin’ tea for myself, does anyone else want some?]

A moment later, a vicious, unforgettable voice announced the overture of a new battle for Natsuki Subaru.

Translation notes:

[1] Subaru slips into his Natsumi Schwartz style of speech for a second here.

[2] A shuriken is a concealed weapon originally used as a hidden dagger or as a diversion, used as supplementary weapons. For more information, see here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shuriken .

--- Chapter 42: Beast of Ambition ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Olbart: [I’ve taken the liberty of makin’ tea for myself, does anyone else want some?]

The moment he heard the shrill old voice, the blood flow in Subaru’s body began flowing backwards.

His skin covered in goosebumps started aching, the air he had taken in froze over within his lungs. As if a heavy, sharp object had been buried deep in his chest, Subaru’s soul was urged to awaken.

――Return by Death had activated, and he had been thrust into this most terrible of situations.

Taritta: [――Hk!]

A moment later, before Subaru could react in any way, Taritta took aim with her bow.

The target was, of course, the uninvited visitor who had suddenly appeared in the room―― Olbart Dunkelkenn. One of the Nine Divine Generals, and the old man who had murdered Subaru and the others just ten seconds ago.

Even without knowing the circumstances, the unmannered way in which he broke the ice would make one wary.

Nevertheless, in the same room, Olbart, while having an arrow pointed at him from ultra-point-blank range, as if to ridicule the caution displayed by Subaru and the rest, shrugged his shoulders and,

Olbart: [Whoa, whoa, don’t do it, don’t do it. I don’t like havin’ pointy things aimed at me. Ya know, ol’ people go ta the bathroom more often than not, and ya wanna scare them into pissin’ their pants? I’m shakin’ in my boots here, yeah?]

Taritta: [You’re kidding me… ! Who are you… ]

Abel: [――Olbart Dunkelkenn.]

Taritta’s face flushed with anger as Olbart ignored her piercing hostility. But it was the man with the oni mask, Abel, who drew the attention to him as if to interrupt her, calling out the old man’s name.

Unphased by his appearance, Olbart’s gaze turned to the man concealing his face, the one who had spoken his name.

And so it began, a gut-wrenching battle that left him with an awfully thirsty impression――,

Subaru: [――――]

While keeping the conversation between Olbart and Abel on the perimeter of his consciousness, Subaru matched the unchanging scenes of this world to that of his own memories. Just before, the events of around merely ten minutes prior. ――In those was where he must search for a breakthrough in fate.

???: [Can you do it?]

Subaru: [——Hk.]

While in those thoughts wishful of a breakthrough, a cold voice wedged itself in, catching him off-guard. Born of impatience and frustration, it was none other than the feeble voice of Natsuki Subaru himself.

Subaru: [Can you do it? He wiped out all your friends just a moment ago, ending in that mess.]

The more he tried to remember what had just happened, the more the voice whispered to Subaru devoid of mercy.

Subaru’s failure, his blunder, his irreparable mistake.

This second chance granted by Return by Death was not to make up for his mistakes.

The mistakes he had performed were irreversible. The only thing granted to Subaru was atonement which he could not really atone for. Because that was the sole product of the Authority in Natsuki Subaru’s possession――,

Subaru: [――Hk!]

Olbart: [Oh! What’s up with’cha all of a sudden?]

Medium: [Whoa! What, what, what?]

Louis: [Uu!? Aa, uu!]

He slapped his cheeks as hard as he could with both hands, trying to shake off the snide remarks that had been whispered in his ear.

A dry sound echoed through the room. Olbart, Medium and Louis screamed at Subaru’s sudden action. Although they had not raised their voices, Al and Taritta were just as surprised.

Of course they would be. It was unfortunate, but it just was necessary.

Subaru: [――――]

Once Subaru opened his closed eyelids, his vision, which had seemed wobbly and unsteady, became clearer. Within his field of view, in the midst of the people who had been surprised by Subaru’s strange behavior, a single gaze was trained on him in silence.

Only the oni mask-wearing Abel was as unfazed and composed as he had been at the time of Olbart’s first appearance. ――What lay within his heart, was wholly unknown.

Subaru: [Sorry for surprising you… I had to motivate myself.]

Olbart: [A lil’ kid with red cheeks and a big smile on his face, how nice… Hmm? Aren’t’cha that one? Aren’t’cha perhaps the girl in red from yesterday? Ya startled me.]

Detecting the eccentric-behaving Subaru’s real identity, Olbart raised his thick eyebrows in interest.

Just like in the previous loop, Olbart had again now made the connection between Subaru and Natsumi for the first time. Going along this line, having confirmed that Olbart was the mastermind behind the “infantilization”, it was possible to bring about negotiations.

However, they would be committing the same mistake, then. ――Olbart was a dangerous man.

At the very least, Abel’s circumstances could not be relayed as to get Olbart on their side.

As soon as he found out that Abel was the real Emperor, that Abel was Vincent Vollachia, he would disclose his own long-held ambitions and make an attempt on his life. ――He was a potential enemy already.

The rest――,

Al: […That’s my bro. Even the shinobi head honcho didn’t know who you were.]

Olbart: [Oh, how impressive, how impressive! I wish the people in my village could learn from that transformation. How ‘bout bein’ a lecturer? You’d be welcome.]

Subaru: [――――]

Olbart: [Guess it’s impossible ta talk peacefully. Seems I’ve put’cha on yer guard a tad too much and made a tad too grand an entrance. I messed up, I messed up.]

Olbart stuck out his tongue and admitted he had made a mistake.

However, the situation in which this would warm up or soften the atmosphere had long passed. Subaru had not the slightest intention of relaxing his vigilance toward the old man.

――Prior to his assault, Olbart had stated that human faces said a lot.

Probably, the combination of his good-natured attitude and casual behavior, as well as the surprise produced by his silent intrusion into the unprotected room, were all techniques to elicit the other party’s true reaction.

If the shinobi of this world and Subaru’s perception of “ninjas” were of the same nature, then the entirety of Olbart’s conduct should consist of traps, poison and all kinds of ninjutsu.

He would spare no effort to achieve his goal.

Olbart: [Ya best not take me lightly ‘cause I’m an ol’ man with a short life ahead of me and all that, tho’. Gonna have ta get a lil’ rough, takin’ into account how much time I got left in me.]

Taritta: [ Rough … Are you going to fight us in this situation ?]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Well, it’s true I might get a lil’ jumpy with a bow pointed at me, don’t’cha think? But fightin’ isn’t the only method for me ta get my way, is it?]

Medium: [Weeell~, what do you mean? What are you trying to say, Gramps?]

Taritta and Medium cast a question towards the sincerely-muttering Olbart, who shrunk his small body even further. The old man’s cheeks twisted into a smile at the pair’s questions, their height difference had been flipped around.

Then, with his hand, he pointed at Medium and then at Al, the two trying to block his exit route,

Olbart: [It’s hard ta do this and that havin’ been shrunken, isn’t it? I did that. It’s a kind of shinobi technique. Strange and interestin’, right?]

Al: [Old man…!]

Olbart: [Don’t be angry, one-armed young’un. In fact, ya can thank me. I’d be miffed if I killed ya by accident before I could’ve asked ya any, so I just shrunk ya.]

With Al closing in on him for an answer, Olbart spoke and stopped his advance.

Upon understanding that the words spoken to him were indeed true, Al’s breath caught, and he fell silent.

Indeed, this statement of Olbart’s was both true and factual.

Had he so desired, he could have killed Subaru’s group during the battle of the previous day, at the Crimson Lapis Castle. He could have pierced their hearts with a simple thrust of his hand, instead of this infantilization technique.

The fact that Subaru and the others were still alive, even after becoming small, came down to nothing more than the whim of the old man.

So Subaru thought, but――,

Olbart: [Well, even if I’d tried ta kill ya for real, you’d’ve blocked all my attempts at doin’ it, so I just did it outta desperation, ya know? Right, young’un?]

Al: […I wonder what you’re talking about.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Ya won’t tell me ‘bout yer trick? I can’t really blame ya. If I could tho’, I’d ask ya how ta do it in detail and leave it in my book of secrets.]

Al: [It doesn’t matter how many times you say it. ――I wonder what you’re talking about.]

His face covered by a piece of cloth, Al answered in a muffled voice.

That response should not match his expectations, yet Olbart nodded with a “Is that so, is that so”, seemingly enjoying Al’s reaction.

Subaru: [――?]

On the other hand, Subaru had no idea what could be the meaning of the current exchange between the two.

During that fierce battle in the castle tower of Crimson Lapis Castle, Al had done the work of several people to save the lives of Subaru and Medium. Or perhaps the one who had squared off against Al there, Olbart, had noticed something shimmering in his fighting style.

However, even if Olbart’s words were true, Al’s technique, influenced by the “infantilization”, would not work on the shinobi.

Subaru had already been witness to the results of that, with his very eyes.

And derived from that, came about an absolute truth.

――That would be: under no circumstances whatsoever should they ever wage battle against Olbart. It was that simple.

Everyone: [――――]

Olbart was lazily playing with his teacup using both hands. Taritta trained her bow and arrow on him, and Al and Medium likewise were ready for battle―― but they would be killed helplessly.

There was a tremendous gap in strength between Subaru’s group and Olbart.

If they fought Olbart, they would be annihilated. ――No, even if they attempted to escape, one or two people may be able to escape, but the chances of that were incredibly small.

They needed to get Olbart to leave peacefully, at all costs. However, there was no time to have a discussion regarding that.

Subaru: [Why…?]

He could not help but lament that he had been forcefully returned to this moment.

He was aware of it being a thought terribly filled with pride and selfishness, as he had been granted a second opportunity by Return by Death. Had he at least returned before Olbart’s appearance, he would have been able to consult with his companions at least.

Most recently, he had Returned by Death repeatedly when facing Todd in the Fortress City of Guaral with little time to deal with him; remembering this brought Subaru much suffering.

At that time, he’d had to restart while already being in the sight of the threat.

Currently, while the circumstances were different, the conditions were similar. In other words, the restart point had placed him in the same cage as the bloodthirsty beast.

Originally, the time traveled by Return by Death had not been consistent, but this was quite serious.

Or, perhaps, the Authority that had been bestowed upon Subaru had been compromised in some manner――,

Subaru: [――Let’s put that aside for now.]

He should not curse the lack of time, and commit the folly of wasting what little time he had.

Subaru would not be the only one to pay for his own stupidity.

Subaru: [Olbart-san. You’re…]

Abel: [――. You claimed your technique shrunk these people.]

Subaru: [Oh…]

Subaru forced himself to change his mind and attempted to call out to Olbart.

In order to get out of this situation, he had to be careful about every word he said, every action he performed. He wanted time to discern the best choice of words or to put it another way, so he had spoken with the intent of buying time.

However, Abel interrupted him, covering Subaru’s voice with his own.

His words discouraged Subaru at the outset. Now in an embarrassed state, Subaru looked at the man donning the oni mask, and then came to realize his aim. Abel did not even glance back; his real intention was to substitute for Subaru’s role. ――That would be, to give Subaru the time required, and draw Olbart’s attention.

Olbart: [Oh, that’s right, that’s right. I forgot we gotta talk ‘bout that too. Ol’ people always go off on tangents. It puts a strain on my flesh and bones.]

Abel: [You? Cease with the droll humor. If you claim your old age is weakening you, you should relinquish the rank of General First-Class as soon as possible. If you do not, you have already made up your mind.]

Olbart: [Well, ya got a point. The mask makes it hard for ya ta see my body, but ya can peer into my thoughts just fine.]

Abel: [Of course.]

Devoid of hesitation, Abel nodded, and Olbart’s eyes took on a curious look.

There was no longer any doubt that Abel’s true intention was not to expose Olbart’s true nature, but to buy time, considering his posture of dragging the conversation.

Subaru did not know how Abel had realized that he needed time, but――,

Subaru: [This isn’t the time to be distracted.]

Putting aside his displeasure at having been seen through, Subaru thought about what to do.

If Olbart came to know of Abel’s true identity, he would fulfill his ambition to murder the Emperor. Therefore, he could not disclose his hand to Olbart.

However, there was no way he would leave without seeing what they had to offer.

Abel: [You are a General First-Class, your rank presently that of Third, so it may be said that you rest at the top of the Empire. However, your nature is a greedy one. Even that position is far from satisfactory.]

Olbart: [Well, bein’ treated as a witherin’ ol’ man isn’t quite that bad, but I get the feelin’ bein’ called a greedy ol’ man isn’t all that nice. Kakakakka!]

Abel spoke of Olbart’s character, as seen through his own eyes.

Olbart listened happily, wearing a broad smile, but the darkness hidden in the depths of the shinobi was something that Abel, of all people, had misjudged.

――No, it would be more appropriate to say that he had not obtained an accurate reading.

Olbart: [So? What does a disgruntled man like me want?]

Abel: [――The seat of First.]

Olbart: [――――]

Abel’s words were uttered in a quiet yet unwavering voice.

As soon as he heard this, the sound of Olbart’s breath disappeared, like dead leaves rubbing together. The old man’s eyes narrowed under his long, thick eyebrows, as he locked gazes with Abel.

Subaru did not know what was going through the shinobi’s mind, but he was sure what Abel had pointed out had made Olbart’s thoughts buzz.

But that――,

Olbart: [One-armed young’un, don’t make any strange moves. Ya too, archer girl, you’re also makin’ it obvious ‘cause of yer breathin’.]

――Did not mean that Olbart’s attention had been diverted, or that any chance had been created.

With Olbart’s face still turned toward Abel as he spoke, Al and Taritta gulped.

They had been most likely searching for a faint opportunity the moment Olbart focused on Abel. But even that probing gesture did not go unnoticed by the seasoned observational prowess held by Olbart.

Al: [――Hk, you’ve got eyes in the back of your head?]

Olbart: [What I’m sayin’ isn’t that you’re not diligent enough. Difference’s in experience, experience. But from my point of view, most people are inexperienced. It’s an ol’ man’s theory that cannot be beaten.]

While displaying a toothy grin in response to Al’s groaning, Olbart’s gaze never left Abel’s.

He could deal with any of Al and Taritta’s tricks without even looking. ――Even if he did not say it in actual fact, from this transcendental being’s posture, it was clear that he was thinking it.

Moreover, they currently did not possess the ability nor the cards in their hands to overturn that.

Subaru: [Al.]

Giving a shake of his head, Subaru advised Al to stay out of it.

Although Subaru did not have a complete grasp of Al’s abilities and skills, he was probably a skilled fighter who specialized in defense. As showcased by the battle with Arakiya, and the previous day at the castle tower, his ability to survive the enemy’s attacks despite being on the defensive was something that even Subaru had to admire.

And yet, in this state of having been “infantilized”, he would not be able to wield it to the fullest and would end up being killed.

Olbart: [Ya surprised me by tellin’ me I was aimin’ for First, tho’. Why are ya blurtin’ out somethin’ that crazy, masked young’un?]

Abel: [It is evident. Your ambition is not so shallow that it shall dry up just because of your old age. ――The shinobi push their bodies and minds to the extreme, and merely a scant few can reach such states. Goes without mention that you are their leader… And the hour upon which you are complete shall not come till the day you die.]

Olbart: [Hmm.]

Crossing his arms, Olbart nodded briefly at Abel’s words.

It could be taken as missing the point, but the lack of response only made its credibility stronger.

In actual fact, Subaru knew that Abel’s point was incorrect.

Olbart’s true intentions, and the ultimate goal of the shinobi head honcho, was to “murder the Emperor”. Different from rising to the top of the Nine Divine Generals.

However, Olbart’s reaction was proof that Abel’s point was not far off the mark.

Ultimately, what Abel was pointing out, was the “thirst” within Olbart.

What Abel had speculated as a way to fulfill that craving was to take the title of First, the absolute most important rank in the Nine Divine Generals, of which Olbart was a part of as well. ――But it was not unreasonable.

He was a General First-Class, with plenty underlings as the shinobi head honcho, having lived a long, long life, now burdened with the typical fetters of old age―― How had he come to notice that desire, of having his name go down in history as the shinobi who had murdered his own liege the Emperor, even if it meant abandoning everything he had gained in life?

Abel was arrogant and self-centered and had zero consideration for others, nevertheless he was the Emperor of Vollachia ―― as an existence upon the Imperial throne, the preservation of his own life held precedence.

He possessed the self-awareness to know that, with his loss, the Empire would become greatly unstable.

That was the inevitable awareness that possessed by the Vollachian Emperor, by Abel. And on the other hand, that should be a sense of responsibility held by everyone, even if not as strong as his.

――This was, that which Olbart Dunkelkenn did not have.

He did not mind dying, if so fulfilled his ambition. Even if it meant bringing trouble upon the people around him as a result, that did not matter.

That extraordinary thought of destruction was Olbart’s darkness, and that which Abel had not been able to read.

However――,

Subaru: [――Olbart-san, you’re not after the seat of First, what you’re after is the Emperor, isn’t it?]

――Natsuki Subaru did know, the darkness of Olbart Dunkelkenn.

△▼△▼△▼△

――A moment later, the color, smell, and feel of the air changed.

Olbart: [――――]

Olbart did not even turn his line of sight towards Al and Taritta, whose hostility was accompanied by their ability to get things done. Olbart’s gaze reacted to the infantilized Subaru’s words.

While holding a teacup in one hand and stroking his chin with the other hand, the old man turned to look at Subaru.

That was because he could not allow what Subaru had just said pass by.

Olbart: [Boy, you’ve come outta nowhere again, I’m surprised.]

Subaru: [Are you surprised because I spoke up suddenly? Or was it…?]

Olbart: [Are you askin’ me if I’m surprised ya guessed right? If that were true, I’d be a very dangerous guy, kakakakka!]

Subaru: [――――]

Opening his mouth wide, Olbart tried to laugh off Subaru’s words with gusto. However, Subaru was convinced that his inner thoughts were not as calm as they seemed.

Subaru had done nothing else but to recite to him his own long-held ambition.

In addition, this was a darkness that even Abel’s eyes had not been able to see through until the moment it was about to be acted upon.

Al: [Aiming for the Emperor and killing him? Bro, that’s a leap, even for you.]

Subaru: [It doesn’t make sense. Yeah, I know that. There’s no merit other than notoriety, isn’t that right?]

Olbart: [Well, can’t say I don’t understand the idea of bein’ infamous over not bein’ known. Like the one-armed young’un said, that idea’s a bit of a leap.]

Subaru: [But you’re not denying it outright, Olbart-san.]

Olbart agreed with Al’s doubting voice, but Subaru pressed Olbart on.

Honestly, he knew that he would be jumping into the danger zone, but even then he couldn’t not do so.

Abel had prolonged his conversation with Olbart, while Subaru had pondered it over.

As long as Olbart’s ambition was to murder his own liege, the Emperor, Abel’s true identity could not be disclosed, nor could he be told that the Emperor was Chisha, a fake. It was inevitable that this bargaining chip of theirs had disappeared.

Once this happened, in order to prevent Olbart’s hands from unmasking Abel, Subaru had come up with a method of warfare that diametrically opposed the original “negotiation”――,

――Namely, forgoing the disclosure of their own hand, but instead disclosing Olbart’s own.

Subaru: [Our objective is as I told you yesterday in the castle tower. We’re going to overthrow Emperor Vincent Vollachia, who currently sits on the throne of the Emperor. This should also align with your goal.]

Olbart: [Wait wait, don’t make me out ta be some kinda traitor! This is treadin’ on thin ice, boy, you’re makin’ me so scared that I’m ‘boutta piss myself.]

Subaru: [But you aren’t denying it nor stopping me from saying it for real. You’re one of the Emperor’s Generals of the First-Class.]

With that future possibility caught with just his fingertips, Subaru moved forward in an attempt to fully reach it.

Of course, that did not mean that the threat posed by Olbart had diminished, nor that the danger had lessened. He was fully aware that with one wrong move, this place would become a bloodbath.

But Subaru was convinced that this was the kind of talk that was possible as of now.

Only after Abel’s true identity had been revealed had Olbart decided to take action.

It was akin to some sort of suicide mission for Olbart, in which killing Abel would fulfill his life’s purpose.

Without that conviction, Olbart would not be quick-tempered during the negotiations.

Even if he was a beast of ambition, devoid of the slightest sense of responsibility or loyalty, he would play the role of a Divine General who faithfully obeyed the order of “no interference” given by the false Emperor.

Olbart: [That’s, His Excellency’s ordered me ta stay out of it even tho’ you’ve declared war right ta his face. I’m not like Kafma, who gets mad all the time when it comes ta the Emperor. Not wise ta turn the foxgirl into an enemy, in this city.]

As expected, despite Olbart hearing Subaru’s appeal that could have just as well been derogatory, he nevertheless did not attempt to use force.

However, he did not take kindly to Subaru’s insistence, and his attitude naturally made Abel, Al and the others put into question whether the shinobi’s absurd ambitions were true, or not.

And――,

Abel: [――So would that be the ulterior motive dwelling within your heart that I was unable to conjecture?]

Olbart: [Good grief, these guys just don’t get it. At this rate, I’ll just have ta give up and acknowledge it’s no use talkin’ ta ‘em.]

Among those who were skeptical, Abel was the first to accept the unbelievable details.

Pierced by the glint in his eyes, Olbart blurted out some excuse as if he didn’t feel like it. There had been no reason for Olbart to open his heart to Subaru and the others in earnest at this juncture from the get-go.

Naturally, Al and the rest of the fighters were getting more tense due to Olbart’s attitude――,

Olbart: [Stop it, stop it, you’ll only end up losin’ if ya start a fight. I’m tellin’ ya, the reason I won’t use violent methods with’cha isn’t ‘cause I’m nice, it’s ‘cause I was told not to, aight? I’m prepared ta get even with’cha if ya folks make a move on me first.]

Taritta: [ Guh … That may be true …]

They hadn’t fought yet, but they’d be back at square one if they tried to start something. Taritta’s cheeks tightened at Olbart’s warning, her narrowed eyes darting a glance at Subaru and Medium.

Seeing this, Olbart nodded his head as if to speak affirmatively,

Olbart: [Bring back the shrunken ones, ya say. That’s a tad greedy, don’t’cha think? I’m thinkin’ of leavin’ without doin’ anythin’, okay?]

Medium: [But Gramps, you made us small, didn’t you? Or is there anyone else besides Gramps who can bring us back to normal?]

Olbart: [I’ve never really thought ‘bout it… Girl, how old are ya, really?]

Medium: [Me? I’m what, twenty?]

Olbart: [Then maybe if ya wait ten years, you’ll go back ta normal? Dunno, tho’.]

Medium raised her hand and asked a question, her cheeks reddening at his blunt answer. Albeit it was just Olbart’s bewildering attitude, his answer was troubling for Subaru and the others.

But it was a fact that there was no way to get answers out of him by force, and no other method to undo what had been done.

And yet――,

Subaru: [You know you can’t just pack up and go home. Olbart-san, I’m going to have to ask you to stay with us a little longer…]

Olbart: [I don’t wanna, tho’. Since you’re treatin’ me like an ol’ man and all that. I’m an ol’ man with a short life ahead of me, and I got the right ta choose who I talk ta with the lil’ time I got.]

Abel: [――Then, I shall present you with the opportunity to kill the Emperor.]

Immediately after that, Subaru gasped at yet another change in atmosphere, and gazed the one who had spoken, Abel.

Abel had done nothing else than put his own life on the scales, that statement causing Olbart to scratch his head with an “Oioi”,

Olbart: [How many times do I gotta tell ya folks that yer premise’s wrong? Isn’t it pretty bad if ya can’t remember things better than me?]

Abel: [If your goal is the Emperor’s life, you have had many opportunities in the past. But you have not actualized it. ――Because the Flame of the Yang Sword protects the Emperor.]

Olbart: [Oh…]

Abel: [I can divulge how to overcome the Flame.]

Olbart’s expression underwent a shift, becoming distinctly different from the facade he had held up until that point.

The old man raised his eyebrows and stared at the oni mask-wearing Abel with clear surprise. Abel, on the other hand, had risen from his chair, standing there majestically.

Subaru: [The Flame, of the Yang Sword…]

What that meant, Subaru did not know for certain.

However, it was true that for Olbart, the shock was such that it made it possible to see through to the other side, breaking through the ostensible emotions that he had put up to this point.

Based on the conversation, it was some sort of secret that protected the Emperor of Vollachia, and it was because of this that Olbart’s ambition had not come to fruition thus far.

A method to remove those fetters and overcome them, that was what Abel had claimed.

Olbart: [――. I thought all ya did was hide yer face and not care for the elderly, who the hell are ya? Ya shouldn’t joke ‘round ‘bout such things.]

Abel: [Is your belief really that someone who weaves sophistry and jokes in a place like this can raise a rebellion against this mighty Empire? If so, they would have to be either a madman bereft of sanity, or a great man with a lot of nerve.]

Olbart: [You’re neither of those things, are ya?]

Abel: [Naturally.]

Concisely, Abel responded to Olbart’s question.

Whether it was serious or just sophistry, Subaru could not decide. Or perhaps the man named Abel was the real deal, a madman, a great man, or all of those simultaneously.

Olbart: [――――]

In reaction to Abel’s reply, Olbart fell silent for a moment.

He raised his bushy eyebrows and brought his now utterly cold cup of tea to his lips. Then, once he gently placed the empty teacup on the desk beside him,

Olbart: [I believe you were talking about the bell of Fire Time.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

With that sudden question, Subaru let out a stupid-sounding voice.

However, the one to reply immediately with “That’s right~” and a nod was Medium. Her body now smaller, she pointed out the window, indicating the majesty of the Crimson Lapis Castle,

Medium: [Yorna-chan’s calling us, so we’ll be in trouble if we stay small.]

Olbart: [Yorna-chan! Kakakakka! You’ve got real balls, lass.]

Medium: [――?]

He tilted his head, amazed by Medium’s boldness in addressing Yorna with “chan”.

At the same time, Olbart did the same, now calmed down, gazing towards the Crimson Lapis Castle, pointed to by Medium, as he muttered “Right”,

Olbart: [Putting aside the topic of whether I’m aimin’ for His Excellency’s life or not, I sure am curious ‘bout how ta get past the Yang Sword that protects the Emperor of Vollachia.]

Subaru: [――Hk! If that’s the case…]

Olbart: [Oh, com’on, it’s too early ta tell. I’m the one who got yer hopes up, but I got a lotta things on my mind. ――So, why don’t we play a game?]

Subaru: […A game?]

Olbart: [Yes, a game. Ya like that, don’t’cha? Boy.]

Thrusting his finger right in front of Subaru’s nose as the latter leaned forward, Olbart so declared.

As his eyes had been wholly unable to follow that movement, Subaru went stiff, stuck in place.

Olbart presented some kind of condition, or a “game”, as he called it as a preface.

Subaru was not sure if this was the way he wanted to avoid complete annihilation and improve this stagnant situation, but――,

Subaru: [What if I said no?]

Olbart: [Then ya won’t be able to get anythin’ ya want.]

Subaru: [――――]

Olbart: [By the way, since ya folks got what’cha think I want, the shinobi’s techniques’ll be comin’ down on ya folks without relent.]

As if it were an obvious answer, Olbart made that ruthless announcement.

The old man was smiling; the sight of the dark emotions stirring in the depths of his pale, cloudy eyes brought chills.

He may be having a peaceful and harmonious conversation on the surface, but under it, he was concealing a shinobi style of mercilessly reaping others’ lives.

Abel: [What shall the game be?]

Avoiding a bout with Olbart had been made impossible once he presented his conditions. Abel had sensed the same thing, and made his question in Subaru’s stead, the latter unable to open his mouth.

Olbart nodded his head to that appeal, and said, “Right”,

Olbart: [We don’t have much time before the fox girl calls ya, and I’ve been told not ta mess with’cha folks, so I’m in a bit of a pickle… Oh, that one’s perfect.]

Subaru: [Perfect for who, Olbart-san? For us?]

Olbart: [For both of us, me and ya.]

With a toothy grin at Subaru’s drawn-out question, Olbart showed his hands.

Then turning to Subaru and the others bracing themselves, he spoke,

Olbart: [――Tag.]

Everyone: [――――]

Olbart: [I’m used ta playin’ it with the young peeps from my village. Easy ta understand, isn’t it?]

--- Chapter 43: Hidden Behind Your Eyelids ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――That proposal spun by the hoarse voice greatly befuddled Subaru and the others.

Everyone: [――――]

The “infantilization” that had assailed Subaru’s group, and its mastermind, Olbart Dunkelkenn.

Subaru and the others, who sought to negotiate with Olbart in order to get him to release his infantilization off them, were presented a condition that was befitting of the old man―― no, befitting of the monstrous old man who was toying with their bodies and minds alike; a strange condition, which would lead one’s heart astray upon being heard.

After all――,

Subaru: [Playing, tag…?]

Subaru, who had been dreading what kind of unreasonable request was going to be posed, ruminated on the words he had just been told.

At the sound of Subaru’s voice, Olbart, his hands up in the air, frowned quizzically.

Olbart: [What’s with the question mark? You’re not gonna tell me ya dunno how ta play tag, are ya?]

Subaru: [Of course I know what it is. It’s just that, it’s not a word that should come up in this situation.]

No matter how it was framed, it was merely a child’s game of “tag”.

It was hard to imagine that there was another meaning to it. Although, since it would be the kind of game of tag played in a shinobi village, there was a good chance that it would have a unique set of rules.

For example, something like――,

Subaru: [“Killin’ isn’t against the rules while playin’, tho’”, something like that.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Of course not. If that kinda nonsense were popular, the shinobi’d be extinct in no time flat. And that by my hands, with me bein’ their leader. That’d be bad, wouldn’t it?]

Although Olbart denied Subaru’s concerns, Subaru believed him to be a man willing to stain his own hands with the blood of his own people if necessary, taking into account his violent behavior and the things he had said and done so far.

To be honest, he would not have been that surprised if that shinobi village of his had already been destroyed.

Abel: [――That tag thing, how does it function?]

Rather than Subaru, who was burning with suspicion, it was Abel who urged him to go ahead.

His cheeks twisting into a smile, Olbart let out an “Oh”,

Olbart: [You seem ta be more enthusiastic than I’d expected, masked young’un.]

Abel: [Foolishness. We have already passed the point of not getting into this game, as soon as we divulged that we possess the information you covet.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Well, guess you’re right.]

Opening his mouth so wide that it looked like his jaw was about to come off, Olbart gave a hearty laugh without reservations.

In fact, Abel’s point was correct. Olbart’s idea was vicious. Regardless of whether he won or lost this game of tag, Olbart would obtain the information he desired.

The purpose of this game of tag was to allow them to choose how they wished to give up that information, whether after negotiations, or after torture.

Olbart: [So, there’s nothin’ really special about how “tag” works. One side runs away, and the other side catches the other… Oh, it’d be better if I were the one runnin’ away. Ya know, since chasin’ a large group of people ‘round’s too much for an ol’ man’s stamina.]

Medium: [So, if we catch Gramps running away, we win? That’s easy to understand.]

Taritta: [It’s easy to understand, but …]

To Olbart’s explanation of the rules, Medium reacted optimistically, and Taritta pessimistically.

Subaru’s opinion was also leaning more towards Taritta’s. Indeed, the rules were simple and there was no room for uncertainty to interfere. ――In other words, it was all up to one’s ability.

And on the topic of ability, the total sum of the ability of Subaru’s group was nowhere near that of Olbart’s.

Olbart: [Well, might be hard with all the lil’ ones. Then we can loosen the conditions a tad.]

Taritta: [And the person who did it, doesn’t even feel guilty…!]

Olbart: [Don’t get so upset, ya know. If yer finger comes off the bowstring, I’ll have a good reason ta defend myself, and it’ll all become a lot easier.]

Taritta: [――――]

As Olbart glanced at the faces in the room and shrugged his shoulders, Taritta clacked her molars together.

It was as the monstrous old man had pointed out; Taritta’s bow still remained trained on Olbart. However, the person in question, Olbart, ignored it with a straight face, and rather used it as a bargaining chip.

One could only imagine the mental turmoil Taritta was feeling. But the priority right now was――,

Subaru: [What do you mean, loosen the conditions?]

Olbart: [Talkin’ ‘bout the way we’ll be playin’ tag, here. How ‘bout, ya don’t have ta catch me, but instead, if ya find me, ya win. But you’d have to do it thrice.]

Subaru: [Thrice…]

Olbart: [I’ll hide thrice. Ya folks’re gonna have ta try and find me three times. If ya can’t, ya lose. In this case, it’s no game of tag, it’s a game of seek… which sounds kinda weird.]

“It don’t sound quite right”, said Olbart, cocking his head in puzzlement.

Taking in the old man’s suggestion, the words that came from within Subaru, were――,

Subaru: [――Hide-and-seek?]

Olbart: [Oh yeah, that’s a good name. We’ll just use that.]

With a snap of his fingers, Olbart clicked at the sound of “hide-and-seek”.

As he did so, Olbart held up one finger on each of his outstretched hands, and flashed them to the left and right on the spot for all to see.

Olbart: [In tag, ya only gotta catch me once. In hide-and-seek, ya gotta find me thrice. ――I don’t think I need ta tell ya which one you’ve got a better chance of winnin’, do I?]

Once Olbart posed that question, shutting one eye, Subaru let out a gasp.

Olbart was right, this was a question that required no further thought. ――Given Olbart’s ability as someone transcendental, something Subaru was already aware of, there was no reason for them to opt for a game of tag.

There shouldn’t, yet――,

Al: [Ain’t that so kind of you. Can’t help but wonder if there’s more to it, since you went to the trouble of suggesting a method that’d give us a better chance of winning.]

With Olbart attempting to pass on the odds of victory to them, Al snapped at him.

As a substitute for the helmet he had taken off, Al now had a cloth wrapped around his face. His voice, now high in pitch as he had become younger, was a bit muffled through the cloth, albeit not to the point that it was difficult to understand.

Olbart, having listened to Al’s words, shrugged his shoulders.

Olbart: [Oioi, don’t make the mistake of thinkin’ that I’m an ol’ man who wants ta win at all costs, young’un. As far as I’m concerned, it’d be better if ya folks win, okay? I’m doin’ this ‘cause I wanna know if ya folks’re worth listenin’ to.]

Al: [――――]

Olbart: [As for me, I’m quite interested in what ya folks have ta say. But is it wrong for me ta be worried ‘bout my retirement savings if I’m caught in some random lie and my loyalty to His Excellency’s questioned? Ta prevent that from happenin’, I’m usin’ my sluggish brain ta come up with this plan.]

Waving his left and right indexes, Olbart answered Al aloofly.

Hearing that answer did not dispel Al’s suspicions. But it was a reasonable answer, and he seemed hesitant to pursue the matter further.

Subaru was not so easy-going as to believe that Olbart was being truthful.

However, there was too little time and not enough information to uncover what was within the mind of this accomplished shinobi mastermind.

During all of this, the time limit that Yorna had given was fast approaching, second-by-second.

With Olbart’s two inconvenient choices―― neither of which was the best option, the chances of coming up with a way to recover from this were close to zero.

To put it another way, Subaru had done everything in his power and still arrived at this situation.

Abel: [――If we are to take up on your offer, we shall need to be clear about some matters.]

Olbart: [Oh, whaddya mean?]

Abel: [You yourself have said so. If you wish to give us a higher chance at victory, you should not leave too much room for pointless exertions―― What is desired from one another must be made clear.]

Olbart: [――. Kakakakka.]

Seemingly having reached the same conclusion earlier, Abel proceeded, one eye trained on Olbart.

Clarification of the rules of the game―― what laid behind the demand for clarification was clear. It served as a sign that the decision was to accept the game, and its content.

Abel nodded, staring back at Olbart, who gave a low chuckle, his eyes bright and blazing.

And then finally――,

Abel: [――Hide-and-seek it is.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Following that, there were three major agreements made between the two sides.

The first commitment was, “do no harm to each other”.

Olbart was capable of murdering everyone if he wished so, to begin with. What discouraged him from doing so were the false Emperor’s orders and his wariness towards Yorna.

But this assurance was essential, because he would break this ban if the situation warranted it.

The second was, “limit the places of hiding to the city’s boundaries”.

If they were to believe in the pretense of leaving the odds in their favor, limiting the area was also essential to maintain fairness. Of course, even if it were limited to the city, the play area was quite large.

However, the conditions that Subaru had made him accept should do the job in this regard.

The third was, “clarify the conditions for victory”.

They had opted to play hide-and-seek because they believed that meant a better chance of winning. Then, no one would be able to say that it would be wrong to pursue victory.

So――,

Subaru: [I know the odds are different for us in tag compared to hide-and-seek, but why three times? Don’t be stingy, can’t we only do this once?]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! That’s a tad greedy, young man. Tell ya what. If it happens once, it’s prolly a fluke. But if it happens thrice, it’s skill.]

Subaru: [Some people think luck’s part of skill, you know?]

Olbart: [Hate to tell ya, but I don’t believe in luck. I mean, that’s what most of the Empire’s people believe. Ya say some darned things, don’t’cha?]

It was an unavoidable school of thought, typical of an empire based on the supremacy of merit.

There was no such thing as luck or misfortune, and everything was the result of one’s own abilities. This attitude was seemingly suffocating for those unable to live without a refuge.

For example, the Subaru of his days as a truant had no place in the Empire.

Olbart: [In addition, why not do it thrice ‘cause there are three among ya who’ve been shrunken? Sounds reasonable for a technicality I just came up with on the spot.]

Abel: [Then, every time we find you, you shall undo the technique on one person?]

Olbart: [Oh, and now you’re tryin’ ta take advantage of me. Well, let’s just forget that technicality.]

Waving his hands in the air, Olbart refused to confirm Abel’s statement.

Anyhow, with that matter settled, there was presumably nothing else left that required closer examination.

That meant――,

Olbart: [Well, let’s play.]

Subaru: [Olbart-san, just double-checking a small detail… No hiding where we can’t physically get to. There’s nothing we can do if you’re hiding in the middle of nowhere.]

Olbart: [You’re a real stickler for detail, ya know that? ――Well, I would’ve done it if ya hadn’t said that.]

Subaru: [――――]

Olbart: [Tell ya what, I was serious when I said I don’t need ta win at all costs, ya know? Don’t forget tho’, this is yer test.]

In other words, he was looking at them for their adroitness, shrewdness and intelligence too.

Olbart appeared to be generous and easy-going, but he was severe when it came to cutting someone off. Were he to deem someone unworthy of his attention, he would rip their vitals out without mercy.

Even now, if Subaru had not butted in, he would have done so in earnest.

But――,

Olbart: [――I didn’t think the masked young’un would’ve overlooked that.]

Indicating Abel by cocking his chin, Olbart displayed him a cunning smile that did not hide his elderly age.

Despite this annoyance, Subaru signaled Abel and Al with his eyes, and once he made sure of their assent, he prepared himself to throw down the gauntlet.

Subaru: [If we win, I’ll have you put us back to normal.]

Olbart: [If I win, you’ll have ta wait ten years ta get back ta normal. Well, if His Excellency and the foxgirl get any second thoughts, I’ll go ask ya for yer secrets my own way.]

That would be, a shinobi technique passed down in his shinobi village―― Subaru felt a surge of fear as he regarded Olbart’s dark eyes, feeling that the method the old man had suggested could lead to torture.

Then, before the old man headed to his first hiding place, he would ask a question,

Subaru: [――So what’s the first hint ?]

It was a question that would be dismissed as ridiculous if this were a serious game.

However, Olbart did not laugh at this. Because this was a condition for victory that Subaru had forced Olbart to accept for their game of hide-and-seek.

Now that Subaru had been “infantilized”, Olbart wanted to evaluate them not in terms of their fighting prowess or physical abilities, but in terms of their mindset and creativity, as mentioned before.

To put it simply, it was none other than the natural feeling called “not wanting to deal with idiots”.

Olbart: [First of all, a tryout… Near this inn, I’m gonna hide “behind the eyelids”.]

Subaru: [――Behind, the eyelids.]

Olbart: [Well, hang in there, young man. Let this ol’ man have some fun in what’s left of his short life, at least.]

With a fluttering wave of his hand, Olbart turned his back to Subaru and the others. ――At that moment, Subaru felt the tension in the room rise as the man walked away leisurely.

Everyone: [――――]

Who among them had not wished that they could pounce on Olbart and solve the problems of the “hide-and-seek” and the “infantilization” at once, in that very moment?

But nobody carried out that reckless act. And it was the right thing to do.

Olbart: [Kakakakka.]

Just before the door closed, Olbart laughed because he knew what Subaru’s hesitation was about.

His behavior lived up to the title of “Vicious Old Man”, his shrill laugh included, right to the end.

And so, once Olbart exited the room, and it was once again occupied only by Subaru and his allies――,

Abel: [Taritta, lower your bow. There is no one to point it at anymore.]

Taritta: […Okay.]

After the enemy had left the room, Abel had Taritta lower her bow.

Taritta’s face, as she followed the instructions, was filled with shame. Naturally so. Olbart had kept a cool face as she pointed her bow at him.

As one of the Shudraq―― No, as someone who had already been entrusted with the role of being the next Chieftain, for Taritta, the old man’s attitude was a mockery of the power of the Shudraqians.

Subaru had allowed Olbart to underestimate the People of Shudraq.

This too, was due to his own lack of strength.

Originally, Taritta had accompanied Subaru to the Demon City to seek a pillar of support for her resolve to take over as Chieftain.

――This would only have the opposite effect, rather than her gaining the needed confidence.

Al: [Are you seriously gonna play along with that old man’s games, bro?]

And so, Al spoke up towards Subaru, who could not find any words to say to Taritta.

Al was wearing a face covering that did not quite fit, and his tone was filled with frustration and disapproval at this interaction with Olbart. He always had the impression of accepting everything rather easily, and of letting things go, so it was surprising to see him react that way.

However, since Olbart keeps outmaneuvering them, it was understandable as to why he would be frustrated.

Subaru: [I don’t feel good about being put through the wringer like that either. But we left some possibilities open at the last minute, right?]

Al: [Possibilities, you mean…]

Medium: [There’s a chance our original bodies can be restored, right? Subaru-chin.]

Medium was sitting on the floor, holding Louis down as she struggled. She was restraining Louis, the latter’s size now almost the same as hers, with her skills, not her arm strength.

Perhaps it was a skill she had developed at the orphanage where she had grown up.

As she calmed Louis, Subaru looked into her blue eyes and nodded, “Yes”,

Subaru: [If we got him in a bad mood, our bodies would stay small… And that isn’t something we can afford considering future plans, and our current course. It’s a must that we return to normal.]

Al: […Well, that’s exactly what we could’ve done, we could’ve surrounded the old man and beaten him.]

Subaru: [Don’t be stupid. The only reason we didn’t die is because Olbart-san was intending to follow the Emperor’s orders. We wouldn’t be able to do anything about it if he felt like it.]

Al: [――. You say that like you’ve seen it before.]

Looking away from Subaru, Al sounded like he wanted to say that that should be impossible.

Al’s remark was not off the mark, since Subaru’s insight was because of a cheat transcending worlds. He had indeed seen it with his own eyes.

Events that he had thought to be impossible had happened, even if he wished not to admit it.

Nevertheless――,

Al: [――――]

Averting his gaze, Al did not argue further.

Due to the previous day’s visit to the castle keep, Al had also grasped a part of Olbart’s strength. Naturally, he would know that the old man had not been serious back then, and that the odds of victory would be slim were he to demonstrate his true ability.

That was why Al had made the decision to keep watching Olbart’s back as he left.

Subaru: [Whatever, we don’t have much time. If we’re going to meet with Yorna, I need time to do my makeup. I need thirty minutes for everything, so… the grace period’s a little over two hours.]

Taritta: [Is it really necessary to wear women’s clothes…]

Subaru: [It is, because the three of us from yesterday are being requested, too. And…]

As he said this, Subaru looked at Abel, who was silent.

As long as he did not interfere, Subaru guessed that he had the same basic policy as himself. Subaru did not believe he was getting lost in the emotions of having gone through a deadly situation.

Or maybe――,

Subaru: [Shocked that Olbart-san’s trying to kill the Emperor, huh?]

Abel: [Nonsense. I knew he had ambitions beyond his size. Albeit, I did not think it would be the Emperor’s head. I thought there was nothing to be gained by such an attempt. But what he really seeks is a final sense of accomplishment and the posthumous notoriety.]

Abel shrugged his thin shoulders as if to say he couldn’t fully grasp it.

Regardless of even having been forced out of his position as Emperor and being driven into the most unfavorable situation, Abel never knew when to give up.

From his point of view, it was incomprehensible to give up his own life and seek posthumous fame, as it would be best for him to return to the throne alive.

On this point, Subaru agreed with him, though it was a very mixed bag of feelings. He did not want to be praised after death.

Subaru wished to be forgotten by his remaining loved ones after he passed away.

It was in Subaru’s nature that he would rather be made a memory of and forgotten about in the moment of his death, than for everyone to grieve or suffer for it.

However, he had no intent to share that feeling with Abel.

Subaru: […But Olbart-san’s a bit of an outcast, isn’t he? He’s got all that ambition, but he doesn’t even realize who you are in front of him.]

Therefore, Subaru deceptively changed the subject.

But as soon as he heard that, however, Abel’s eyes showed a suspicion that was clearly visible even through the oni mask.

Abel: [――. What in the world are you talking about?]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Abel: [I am wearing this mask. Hence why Olbart’s reaction is justified.]

Tracing the oni mask’s cheek with his finger, Abel made that declaration nonchalantly.

Subaru raised an eyebrow at his words, his expression showing that he did not understand. Promptly, Abel’s puzzlement turned into disappointment visible through his oni mask.

With that look in his eyes, Abel sighed deeply, and,

Abel: [This mask has the effect of distorting the perceptions of others. It is an effect that conceals the true identity of the wearer.]

Subaru: [――! Is that really “cognitive disruption”? But that mask was originally supposed to be from the Shudraqian’s village…]

Taritta: [Yes yes , that’s right . It’s said that in the past , when the Emperor and Shudraq formed friendly ties , the Emperor used it to visit the Jungle without being recognized .]

Subaru: [That mask has actual history…?]

With the revelation of that surprising fact, Subaru’s mouth was left agape. To that shocked Subaru, Abel’s disappointment still lasted,

Abel: [You, did you really believe that I have been wearing this mask all this time for show, or due to madness?]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [At last, your stupidity has reached its pinnacle. In the first place, there is plenty good reason to conceal my face. I believe we did not come to the Demon City for tourism.]

Subaru: [You didn’t have to say it like that, you could have just explained that at the start…!]

Certainly, it was Subaru’s fault for thinking it was part of Abel’s odd behavior and not asking anything, but Abel was also at fault for thinking it would be understood without explaining anything.

Thanks to that, he had to unnecessarily embarrass himself, and to worry himself without it being needed.

Anyway, he was now aware of the mechanism as to why Olbart had not realized Abel’s true identity.

Abel had no intention of covering up his pompous speech and arrogant attitude, so Subaru’s fears that he would reveal himself were unfounded.

Medium: [Heyhey, Al-chin, Al-chin. That’s what Abel-chin’s reason is, but is there a reason why Al-chin’s hiding his face?]

Al: [In my case, I have a complex about my facial scars… But let’s not talk about me. Hide-and-seek’s already begun. We gotta get a move on.]

As he said this, Al pointed out the window to the streets of the Demon City.

Chaosflame was one of the largest cities in the Empire, amounting to probably five times the size of the Fortress City of Guaral.

To find the shinobi head honcho hidden among all that was no easy task.

Find him three times, in just two hours and with only six people.

Al: [I know he said he was gonna do a tryout first, but there are a lotta possible hiding places just around the inn, man. Bro, do you or Abel-chan have some kind of plan?]

Subaru: [It’s not much of a plan, but…]

At least, there were some things Subaru had thought of that he wanted to try.

A “hide-and-seek” tryout―― unsurprisingly, he’d had the same idea Olbart did. An idea that should be tried at least once to gauge the mindset of their opponent, the old man.

Just as Subaru thought that, Abel crossed his arms and nodded, “Of course”,

Abel: [There are a few possible moves. Although, my idea is probably different from that of the clown here.]

Subaru: [You’re demoting me from a military strategist to clown, you’re too uptight about that mask thing from earlier… No, it’s not like I cared about being your military strategist or anything.]

Subaru could only curve his lips in a snarl at the sound of Abel’s cold voice. It was as if the fact that Subaru had treated the oni mask’s disguise as an oddity was really upsetting the latter.

Anyway, throughout that discussion here, time was being wasted.

Subaru: [I’ve got to get moving before I forget what having long limbs felt like.]

Al: [Well, dunno if there was ever a time when me and you had long legs, bro…]

Subaru: [I meant compared to the current situation.]

The group pushed aside Al as he teased that they were all short-legged, and prepared the minimum amount of gear.

Al carried his dao in its sheath on his back, Medium carried only one of her twin swords on her hip. For now, Subaru would also carry his whip. However, he was not confident he could handle it in all honesty.

All that was left was Abel and Taritta, who were in top condition, plus――,

???: [Aa, uu!]

Medium: [Oh, Louis-chan, you’re so motivated! Alright, let’s work hard and find Gramps!]

Louis: [Uu!]

Medium raised a small fist at the sound of Louis’s voice, not wanting to leave her behind.

In the end, Louis was likely to slow everyone down. Olbart had been forbidden to change his hiding place in the meantime, so they would like to believe that, even if he sensed the approach of the noisy Louis, he probably would not do anything of the sort.

Al: [Isn’t it possible that he’ll change his hiding places from time to time and claim that he’s been hiding in one place the whole time?]

Abel: [I already corrected you on that, but Olbart’s goal is not his own victory. The reason he is performing such a roundabout move is to measure our capabilities through this game.]

Al: [Measuring our capabilities? That means…]

Abel: [He wishes to know if I am capable of making such a big claim to the Emperor’s throne.]

Abel made it clear to Al, who doubted Olbart’s true intentions.

Subaru also saw no falsehood there. It was hard to believe Olbart’s own words, but since his goal was the Emperor’s life, being able to believe the aim of Subaru’s group, and the information in their hands being the real deal would be convenient.

Olbart wanted to be convinced by their party’s demonstration of capabilities.

And for that reason――,

Subaru: [I didn’t ask before, but what was that about the Flame of the Yang Sword…?]

Abel: [I am afraid I do not have the leisure to give a lengthy lecture on the history of the Emperors of Vollachia. Your shallow wisdom notwithstanding, my plan is not something that can be set in motion in a room at an inn.]

Subaru: [Tch, okay.]

Subaru clucked his tongue at this manner of saying that he did not want to reveal anything.

Nevertheless, if the exchange with Olbart were indeed true, it seemed to him that the Emperor of Vollachia, or rather Abel, had some kind of protection. As long as he did, no harm would befall him.

Subaru: [On second thought…]

So far, Subaru had never seen Abel lose his life with his own eyes.

Since arriving in the Vollachian Empire, Subaru’s life had been threatened quite frequently, having actually lost his life and Returned by Death. However, Abel’s death was an event that had never occurred. ――Although Subaru had been in situations which seemed like they should have resulted in Abel’s death.

When Olbart revealed his true nature the very previous loop, or when Todd had the Buddheim Jungle burnt down, Shudraqian village included, the life of the imprisoned Abel should have been lost.

But that was only because of the circumstances, not because Subaru had directly confirmed his death. ――So, he wanted to confirm one thing.

Subaru: [That thing called the Flame of the Yang Sword, is it still protecting you?]

Abel: [How insistent. Will you perhaps turn against me as well, if you do not hear it?]

Subaru: […There’s no merit in me doing that.]

His cheeks contorting due to that mocking remark, Subaru gave up the pursuit this time.

Then, Subaru looked around at the faces of his companions as they prepared to leave the inn,

Subaru: [Unexpectedly, we have to play a game. But if the condition is that we just need to find a person, then we should be able to compete even in a situation where half of our members have shrunk. In fact, since it’s a game of hide-and-seek, that we’ve returned to our childlike minds and bodies might even be better for us in this game.]

Taritta: [W-what’s the logic behind that …?]

Abel: [Ignore him. It is nonsense, meaningless to listen to.]

In fact, that was right, since it was nothing more than banter, but he just expressed his regret with a wrinkle between his eyebrows.

After doing that, Subaru shouted “Anyway!”, louder than he should have.

Subaru: [I want everyone to pay maximum attention to their surroundings. ――Ok then, let’s go!]

Medium: [Oh!]

Louis: [Auu!]

Al: […You’re really into this, bro.]

The enthusiastic Subaru was dressed in the clothes he had on hand, his figure looking quite unsightly. Al sighed as Medium and Louis followed Subaru’s lead, pumping their fists in the air.

On the other hand, Taritta, who had become the strongest fighter, had nervousness and anxiety in her eyes, while Abel was as irreverent as ever, with no expression behind his oni mask and nothing in his hands.

All of their members left the inn together.

First item of order, was to locate Olbart’s first hiding place. Full of eagerness, Subaru slammed the door with a loud bang and stepped out with great vigor――,

Subaru: [――Then, we’ll return right away.]

Al: [Huh?]

With a hard step, he kicked the floor directly with his foot, and Subaru’s body made a half-turn. Al let out a dumb-sounding voice upon seeing the other side of door he had just gone out of.

With this in mind, Subaru pushed open the door of the room with force.

Then Subaru pointed into the room from which he and the others had just left――,

Subaru: [――Found yooou~, Olbart-san.]

???: [Kakakakka! Oioi, com’on, don’t’cha have a bad personality, for ya ta notice this right away? I’m blushin’ here, bein’ spotted this right outta the blue, it’s so embarrassin’!]

And Olbart, who had snuck into the room in Subaru and the others’ stead, laughed heartily at Subaru’s first declaration, as the latter pointed at himself.

△▼△▼△▼△

Al: [Seriously, bro…!]

Al was surprised to see Olbart in the room, who was about to refill his cup with cold tea.

Much to his surprise, Medium and Louis followed suit, with an “Oh, it’s Gramps!” and an “Aa!”, respectively. Taritta widened her eyes, having peeked into the room as well.

Delayed by those reactions, Abel narrowed his eyes once Olbart’s figure finally came into view.

Abel: [“Behind the eyelids”, I see.]

He looked down at Subaru’s young profile and muttered.

Abel: [Did you know from the start that this was the place?]

Subaru: [The expression “behind the eyelids” and the surroundings of the inn made this the first place I thought of. The type of person who offers you this kind of game’s definitely going to try to do this at least once.]

A distant, nostalgic memory came to Subaru’s mind with that answer―― the memory of his first meeting with Beatrice, at the old Roswaal Mansion.

Beatrice had attempted to have Subaru endlessly walk in the same space by creating a looping corridor using her magical ability. Unfortunately for Beatrice, Subaru had seen through her scheme at a glance and quickly figured out that the starting point was also the goal.

Now that Subaru thought about it, he was sorry that he had not gone along with the cute Beatrice’s ruse. But his opponent now was not the mischievous Beatrice, he was a monstrous old man, now wasn’t the time for holding back.

Therefore, he would distort his young face into a big grin and boast of his victory mercilessly.

Subaru: [Honestly, I saw right through you, Vicious Old Man.]

Olbart: [Oioi, don’t kick me while I’m down. This is an embarrassment I can’t let the young people of my village see at all. Why don’t’cha call yerself the Vicious Lil’ Boy?]

Subaru: [I’ll pass on that. I haven’t done anything to be called vicious, after all.]

Olbart: [Well, that’s just bein’ humble. ――Ya even went ta the trouble of speakin’ in a loud voice for me ta hear as ya left the inn. It was some great actin’.]

Subaru scratched his cheek at Olbart, who raised one eyebrow and sneered at him.

As expected, his intentions could be seen through after such an exaggerated act. However, even if he had been able to notice Subaru’s true intentions, Olbart had no way to change his hiding place.

That was because this game was played by determining the hiding place they used first, and then giving clues accordingly.

Subaru: [I know it’s really early in the first round to be discovered, but you’re going to count it as one, right? You’re not going to be in a bad mood just because I refused to take on the name “Vicious”, are you?]

He wanted to avoid being dismissed “because these were anticlimactic results”, or something like that.

To Subaru’s request for confirmation born out of concern, Olbart closed one eye and said, “Of course”,

Olbart: [My fault that the results were brought in so quickly. It’s a bit unreasonable ta expect ya folks ta mop up my mess. Twice more, as agreed.]

Medium: [Oh~! You did it, Subaru-chin! We got the first win in about ten seconds!]

Subaru: [Yeah, it’s good news.]

With Medium to his side overjoyed, Subaru patted his chest in relief.

For now, this concluded the first riddle from Olbart―― indeed, it was a trial of sorts, borrowing the name “hide-and-seek”. It could be said that they were being asked to solve a problem on a test.

They were being tested to see if they were worthy of Olbart’s attention.

Subaru: [All of it is because of Beako’s…]

Help , he was about to say, as Subaru attempted to picture the adorable girl in his mind.

However, for a moment, that thought was bleached white, coming to a full stop.

Subaru: [――――]

A feeling of slight discomfort and a slight tugging created a ripple in his heart.

Before he could pursue a definitive answer to what it was――,

Olbart: [Well, I gotta redeem myself, so I’ll hurry ta the second hidin’ place.]

Subaru: [Oh, yeah, you’re right. So, what’s the next hint ?]

Olbart: [Hmm… The next hidin’ place’s gonna be somethin’ like…]

Folding his hands behind his back, Olbart leaned his head and body in thought. However, he did not spend much time pondering, and so the old man contorted his cheeks.

Olbart: [――“An abyss with a great view”, ya might say.]

Al: [An abyss…]

Taritta: [With a great view ?]

The words of Taritta and Al completed each other, as they ruminated on the bizarre hint left regarding the next hiding place.

But Olbart had no intention of leaving any further hints.

Olbart: [Ya were better than expected the first time ‘round, but the real game’s ‘bout ta begin.]

The old man smiled, his white teeth in full view, and then leapt backwards nimbly and gallantly. With that, Olbart opened the room’s window and put his foot on the windowsill without a care in the world.

Then, right before Subaru and the others looking on with eyes open wide, he jumped outside.

Olbart: [Next time, I’ll be sure ta hide a lil’ better!]

Al: [Wait, old man…! Shit, he’s gone!]

With haste and a yell, Al rushed to the window and looked around outside as he held his covered head.

In fact, it would be difficult to catch Olbart when he was dedicated to escape. His overwhelming ability to run away convinced Subaru that changing the game from “tag” to “hide-and-seek” had been the right call.

Anyway――,

Taritta: [Subaru, that man’s next hiding place …]

Medium: [Hmhm, Subaru-chin, did you understand? Do you know what it is?]

Subaru: [Uhh… That’s…]

Taritta and Medium turned to look at him expectantly, yet Subaru was at a loss for words.

As for the second hiding place’s hint, “an abyss with a great view”, Subaru honestly found no clue that could lead to an answer.

Subaru: [Sorry. Can’t think of anything right away. It’s not like I can read minds or anything, I just can read the situation.]

Medium: [I see~, I’m sorry! We can’t keep just relying on you! We’ll figure it out together!]

Taritta: [Yes, you’re right . I’m not very good at using my head , but I’ll keep thinking about it .]

Subaru bowed due to his uselessness, to which Medium and Taritta responded.

The initial hiding place could also be called the starting point, a typical development of sorts that had been realized.

Even if that had been off the mark, they could have easily tried it out in part because it was a location so close that there was almost no time loss. However, from here on――,

Subaru: [It’s simply going to be a race against time.]

Al: [――. Bro also doesn’t have an idea of where he’s gonna hide next. Well, it isn’t anything surprising though.]

Subaru: [That’s right… Maybe I can’t be depended on, but it’s depressing to be told that in such a clear way.]

At the start of the real game of “hide-and-seek”, his allies stabbed him in the back.

Of course, Subaru took that as a fair assessment, but he really wished he would have been a bit less direct. Even close friends have some sense of consideration.

However, in response to Subaru’s words, Al waved his hand and said, “Oh, that’s not it”,

Al: [Well it isn’t unreasonable for you to not get it, bro. After all, I’m here with you.]

Subaru: [Hmm? I really don’t know what you’re talking about. Is it something like, my IQ goes down when you’re around, Al? What kind of system is that?]

Al: [That ain’t what I’m talking about, but it’s hard to explain… right?]

Subaru: [Even if you ask me to agree, I still won’t get it.]

As he spoke, Al’s way of speaking, holding neither confidence nor certainty, was curious.

He put Al aside, who was tilting his head, as he did not see how this topic could go any further in a constructive direction. The highest priority right now, was to figure out the “abyss with a great view” clue Olbart had left them with.

Subaru: [“Behind the eyelids” was the room where we started. “An abyss with a great view”, another way to phrase it would be…]

Taritta: [“With a great view” means it’s probably considered a high place , no ?]

Medium: [But an abyss is a hole, right? If it’s a hole, wouldn’t it be in the ground?]

Alternatively, it was possible that there was a spot in Chaosflame described as such.

In any case, it was unlikely that they would be able to reach the answer with the amount of information they could get from their room at the inn. At last, they would have to go into the city.

Al: […I can’t get my head around this. Which reminds me, what’s Abel-chan’s plan?]

Abel: [It is not something that can proceed here, as I have told you. It would be convenient to have as many people as possible… And in addition to that, a place where outsiders come and go.]

Al: [You mean a place where strangers come and go? I wonder where in this city…]

The implementation of Abel’s plan caused Al to tilt his head.

The true meaning behind the idea of looking for a place where outsiders entered and exited was unknown to Subaru, but there was a good chance that Abel would not tell him even if he asked him to until they actually reached the execution phase. It could not be called an act that benefited their opponent, but it was difficult to deal with.

Of course, he was a man who would even discard the cards in his hand without a second thought for the sake of winning.

Subaru: [If it’s a place with a lot of people coming and going, that should be… a place to drink.]

Taritta: [A tavern ?]

Subaru: [Yeah, there. I think we should try to go there or somewhere similar.]

It was debatable whether it was more beneficial to search for Olbart without taking any detours or to help Abel’s plan come to fruition, but for now, it seemed like a good idea to prioritize Abel first.

With that in mind, Subaru and the others headed out of the inn with a renewed spirit.

Abel: [Attracting the attention of the public with this crowd of children is not ideal.]

Subaru: [Don’t complain because four-sixths of us are children. In the first place, you’re not one to talk about public perception because of that oni mask you’re wearing. Or maybe, the perception… Uhh, does the effect of the mask make it look like it has a different face?]

Abel: [The mask does not alter its appearance from an oni’s face, it merely hides my identity.]

Subaru: [Then you’ll definitely stand out…]

With a small shrug of his shoulders, Subaru sighed, parrying aside Abel’s misguided frustration.

After greeting the shopkeeper at the entrance of the inn and asking them about the locations of some taverns, they went into the street. With that, they all walked towards a tavern to accomplish Abel’s aim.

And suddenly, in the middle of it all,

Subaru: [Instead of having all of us going to the tavern, wouldn’t it be better if we split up? One group goes to look for Olbart-san, and the other goes to the tavern with Abel――]

It happened just as he was about to suggest that they split up.

Subaru: [――Huh?]

Suddenly, a scarlet light scattered at the edge of his field of vision, dazzling Subaru’s eyes.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Oh yeah, that’s a good name. We’ll just use that.]

Subaru: [Ueh?]

An unexpected voice struck Subaru’s eardrums as he blinked, his eyes simmering from the vermilion light.

The sound and its suddenness made a silly voice leak out, and a giggle broke out right in front of Subaru. A low chuckle it was, causing Subaru’s eyes to widen at its sound.

???: [Kakakakka! What’s with the dumb voice? I was just complimentin’ ya on the good name.]

Subaru: […Olbart, san?]

An old man stood in front of him, clearing his throat and shaking his thin shoulders as he laughed.

It had happened so suddenly that Subaru had to blink his eyes a few times, unable to understand it. Then, he swallowed his saliva, and said what he had to declare,

Subaru: [Oh, found you, Olbart-san.]

Olbart: [――? Why’s that? Ya already feelin’ like you’re playin’ the game?]

Subaru: [Huh…?]

He noticed a sense of incongruity upon taking that chance at the unexpected second discovery.

Olbart’s attitude as he tilted his head and spoke that, coupled most of all with the discomfort regarding the scene around him―― he was supposed to be out in the streets of the Demon City, but Subaru was in a room somewhere else.

――No, not in some room.

Subaru: […No way.]

Subaru was in a room at an inn. ――The same lodgings they had just come out of.

And finally, there was the fact that Subaru was there, facing Olbart and talking to him.

Subaru: [――――]

He had no choice but to accept that he had Returned by Death in contradiction to the rule that should have prevented that.

--- Chapter 44: Shrinking Vision ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The incomprehensible situation overwhelmed Natsuki Subaru’s small brain.

The situation was that shocking, it couldn’t be said in any other way.

Without being aware of his death, Subaru had returned to the time of the rule bantering with Olbart―― even if he did not want to admit it, he had to.

Subaru had lost his life, and had Returned by Death back to this moment.

Even so――,

Subaru: […It was in the middle of a game of hide-and-seek, in which death shouldn’t happen.]

Covering his mouth with his small palm, Subaru struggled desperately to recall what had happened.

The game of “hide-and-seek” with Olbart had begun, and, overcoming the monstrous old man’s predisposition for wickedness, within the first room―― there, he had succeeded in finding the shinobi hidden “behind their eyelids”.

Going off that momentum, Subaru and the others had stepped out of the inn to identify the next hiding place of the mysterious old man. And then, suddenly, the world went dark.

The next thing he knew, he was back in this place.

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [――If we are to take up on your offer, we shall need to be clear about some matters.]

Olbart: [Oh, whaddya mean?]

Abel: [You yourself have said so. If you wish to give us a higher chance at victory, you should not leave too much room for pointless exertions―― What is desired from one another must be made clear.]

Olbart: [――. Kakakakka.]

While Subaru was having those thoughts, the negotiations with Olbart continued on to the next step one their own.

The next step in the conversation between Abel and Olbart would be the selection of the game, and after that was the premise of the rules. In other words――,

Abel: [―—Hide-and-seek it is.]

And so, Abel once again declared that.

△▼△▼△▼△

――After that, the terms of the “hide-and-seek” game were exchanged with Olbart.

It also ended up being exactly as Subaru knew it would be. No new conditions were added, and no necessary details were cut. Inevitably, it stayed the same.

Although――,

Subaru: [Just to be completely sure, you’re only hiding, Olbart-san. You’re not going to sneak around and try to attack us…]

Olbart: [Oh, com’on now, you’re worryin’ too much, boy. Lemme tell ya, what I wanna test ya on’s yer quick thinkin’ and cleverness. If I wanted ta test yer strength, I could’ve done so yesterday at the castle tower.]

Subaru: [――――]

Olbart’s words had the intention to reassure him, but he could not accept them as honest ones.

As a matter of fact, there was no doubt that Subaru had lost his life and Returned by Death. And the most immediate threat to Subaru’s group was none other than the one in front of them, Olbart.

Had he perhaps broken the rule that forbid him from interfering, and targeted Subaru and the others?

Olbart: [Good grief, you’re suspectin’ me plenty, aren’t’cha?]

Al: [You’re in no position to be trusted, old man. That’s rather impertinent of you.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! That’s a good point. We got along so well eight years ago, and now you’re so cold.]

Having sensed a strong sense of caution in Subaru’s silence, Olbart shrugged. After that, he gave a toothy grin at Al’s remark, followed up by a smug retort.

Naturally, Al seemed to be dissatisfied with the way Olbart was talking to him, and fell silent.

Anyhow――,

Abel: [Olbart, this goes without saying, but your hiding place is senseless if we cannot physically reach it. Do not attempt any of your petty tricks.]

Olbart: [I gotcha, I gotcha. They’re a wee bunch, aren’t they? I wouldn’t’ve done it even if ya hadn’t told me.]

Abel pointed out the same thing Subaru had in the previous loop. With Olbart’s agreement on that, the start of the game was declared again.

In other words, the hint for the first hiding place would be presented.

Al: [So, where are you gonna hide first, old man?]

Olbart: [First of all, a tryout… Near this inn, I’m gonna hide “behind the eyelids”.]

For a moment, Subaru felt an unpleasant tension in his heart, but it ended up being unneeded.

He feared that Olbart would designate a hiding place different from last time’s, but that did not happen. After that, the flow of events was followed to a T, including the fact that Taritta and Al resisted the urge to pounce on Olbart, his dignified back turned to them. They could not do anything other than just seeing him off.

And so――,

Al: [What’s up, bro? You’re looking a little pale.]

Taritta lowered her bow at Abel’s instruction, and in between studying her profile, Al called out to him. Those statements followed a slightly different flow compared to the previous loop.

Originally, he would have complained about the frustration of competing against Olbart, but this time he seemed to be concerned about Subaru’s complexion―― Or rather, it seemed to be concerned about Subaru’s lack of talking.

That was only natural. Subaru himself was still confused and disoriented.

Since he himself was unable to recover from that sudden Return by Death and its psychological shock.

Subaru: [No, my bad. During that talk, I suddenly felt… really tired.]

Al: [Oioi, get a grip, please. Mine and Medium-chan’s abilities were halved because we were shrunken, but unlike ours, your strong points should still be intact despite being small, right bro?]

Subaru: [My strengths…]

Medium: [Of course! The great thing about Subaru-chin’s that he’s smart! Big bro’s amazing, but isn’t Subaru-chin amazing too? It’s all fine and dandy even if your boobies are small!]

Following Al’s encouragement, Medium also joined in with good spirits.

While holding Louis in her arms, she patted her chest, her own breasts now gone. Observing the state of those two, Subaru then let out a long sigh.

Those two people who had encouraged him were right.

There were almost no situations in which Subaru would be physically useful to begin with, regardless of whether he had been made smaller. Because of that, Subaru was the one least affected by having been made smaller.

This was not the time for Subaru to be dragging out his mental exhaustion on and on.

Subaru: […I’ve told you already, don’t look at me like that. If you’re going to show off the full effect of the oni mask, that “cognitive disruption” feature alone should be enough.]

Abel: [You have regained some of your good judgment. But you have surprised me beyond my expectations. I took you as a fool on whom the effects of this mask had gone unnoticed for certain.]

Subaru: […I wouldn’t have been surprised if you were just wearing the mask because of your eccentric behavior though.]

Encouraged by Al and Medium, Subaru raised his face and sent a retort straight back to Abel.

Abel, who had been patronizing him and regarded him as a useless man, saw that Subaru had regained the strength to raise his head, which seemingly made him refrain to use any further sarcasm.

The fact that he felt this was a concession led one to believe that Abel’s communication skills were not up to snuff, but there was no time to discuss it at this point.

Al: [So. I know he said he was gonna do a tryout first, but there are a lotta possible hiding places just around the inn, man. Bro, do you or Abel-chan have some kinda plan?]

With the purpose of moving the state of affairs along, Al turned his focus to Subaru and Abel.

As an answer to this, Subaru could present Olbart’s first hiding place―― the very room they were talking in at the moment was where the old man would return to, in fact.

Given that the hint left by Olbart was the same, there was no need to worry about that having changed.

The problem was that after they found Olbart, they would have to go outside the inn.

Subaru: [It’s not a plan per se, but I can guess where “behind the eyelids” is referring to.]

Al: [Oh, seriously? That’s awesome, bro.]

Subaru: […It’s just that there’s a good chance that another problem’s turned up besides this “behind the eyelids”.]

Some sort of threat had assailed Subaru―― No, not just Subaru, it had affected their entire group. And it was necessary to share it with Al, Abel, and the others who were unaware of it.

However, Subaru himself had gotten so little information that he did not have many reliable ideas to share. If there was something could say with certainty, that would be――,

Subaru: [The agreement we made with Olbart-san… that he would not interfere, is there any chance that he’d break it?]

Abel: [Oh? Oh? Are you trying to say that, since the beginning, he was planning on violating the preconditions?]

Subaru: [Yeah, I’m thinking it’s possible…]

Abel: [――No, that is impossible.]

Due to the fact that he had been attacked as soon as he left the inn, Subaru tried to draw the attention of his friends to Olbart. However, that was denied by a very adamant Abel.

Once Subaru’s eyes widened at his reaction, Abel folded his thin arms, and,

Abel: [Olbart would have nothing to gain with such a deed. Henceforth, that is impossible.]

Subaru: [B-but Olbart-san had even been thinking about killing the Emperor! Even you said you had not imagined that at all… If so!]

Abel: [What you speak of, is the fact that the notion of posthumous fame is something I do not possess. But I do comprehend that such a thing does exist. And that there are those who desire it. However, this and that are two different stories.]

Being shot with a sharp gaze through the oni mask, Subaru felt like his internal organs had been paralyzed by fear.

It was not as if Abel was emitting a special energy, one sharper than before. In spite of this, the feeling of being targeted did not disappear, and Subaru’s breathing was disturbed.

While Subaru was struggling with this feeling, Abel continued with “May I?”.

Abel: [It is as you yourself have spotted, and as per the rebuttal to that masked clown, there is no reason for Olbart Dunkelkenn to harm us himself. If his target is the Emperor’s head, then he shall desire the intelligence I possess desperately. There is no basis for any such hypothesis whatsoever.]

Al: [Ah, I’m with Abel-chan, bro. The old man’s been ordered by the Emperor to leave us alone. If he was gonna break that promise, whether he does it inside or outside of the inn doesn’t matter. Right?]

Subaru: [Uhh, does it…?]

Al: [Bro?]

Subaru: [Oh! No, you’re right! Yeah, I think so too. That’s for sure.]

Abel and Al’s continued talk caused Subaru’s comprehension to fall behind for a few seconds.

However, once explained in a solid argument, it was something that Subaru could agree with.

Abel and the others were unaware of it, but Olbart had a history of killing Subaru and the others.

Nevertheless, Olbart’s act was one that was driven by a logical train of thought for him, so Subaru was able to agree with the general argument presented by them. In that place, the only thing that had gone wrong had been the timing.

With that as the basis―― that Subaru and the others had been killed as soon as they had left the inn was certainly strange according to the game rules Olbart had agreed to.

According to Al, if Olbart intended to kill them no matter what, it would have been better to murder them before they even left the inn, so that it would not be seen. Maybe he had a desire to kill them in a public place, but that would not make sense either.

Perhaps, though, he thought Subaru’s group would be in for a more painful surprise were he to kill them once they obtained some peace of mind due to his intent to not kill them.

Subaru: [If that was the case, then he’d make more of an appearance, right?]

If Olbart was aiming to disrupt Subaru and the others’ moods because of the badness of his character, would not he want to see their disappointment and despair with his own eyes?

Aside from that, he could not think of any reason for Olbart to kill everyone outside the inn.

Meaning――,

Subaru: [What’s this supposed to mean…?]

Medium: [Hey, hey, Subaru-chin, what are you worried about? Are you worried about going outside?]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Then, Medium peered into Subaru’s face, who had fallen silent in his haste to sort out the situation.

Right in front of him was a pair of round blue eyes, and Subaru involuntarily turned away with a “Whoa!”. As an immediate reaction to his own, Medium let out a “Wow!”, and quickly grabbed his hand.

And so――,

Medium: [There there, Subaru-chin, calm down, calm down.]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Medium then pulled his hand, and held Subaru’s head to her chest.

As she slowly stroked his back, he could feel the beating of her heart on his forehead and cheeks. Her heart beat in a steady rhythm, tenderly smashing Subaru’s frozen consciousness.

Medium: [When my head gets all messed up, I ask big bro to do this for me too~. Big bro also used to have people do this for him.]

Subaru: […It calms me down, I can feel it.]

Medium: [Yeahyeah, good! So, we can stay like this and you can tell me what’s going on, ok? What’s Subaru-chin worried about outside?]

Medium’s voice, coming down from directly above him, did not rush Subaru to answer.

Subaru wished to be spoiled by Medium’s generosity and kindness that did not change even though she had been made younger. But he knew that the current time would not allow that.

So, as a trade-off, while having his head held by Medium like that, with difficulty he developed a thought.

Subaru: [It’s just that… I feel, like there’s a dangerous situation, outside the inn…]

Medium: [Is it dangerous out there?]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right. I think, someone’s trying, to kill us…]

Nodding her head, Medium listened to Subaru’s overly vague idea. To be honest, even he could notice that the statement was too unconvincing and unfounded.

Without being able to better word himself, he would never be able to convince Abel and Al, Medium regardless. Like, as an example――,

Subaru: [Actually, if we go outside the inn, that’s where we die――]

――At that moment, the world stood still.

Subaru: [――――]

The clear, audible pulse of Medium faded into eternity, and her face and breathing, which were right in front of him, went out of reach.

Anything and everything, was faraway.

Color was lost, sound was lost, the flow of time was lost, the freedom to move was lost.

He could not move. He did not move. He was not moved. He was not allowed to move.

And then, with his voice, his breathing and even his eyes prohibited of freewill, something repulsive, terrifying, frightening slowly loomed towards the edge of Subaru’s consciousness.

Why, was he violating the Taboo; as if it were lamenting that, the sable shadow crept closer towards him.

Why, did he forget this; slender dark-pigmented fingers slid into his chest without effort.

Why, would he repeat this so many times; the voice of the Witch arrived, blotting out anything and everything.

???: [I love you.]

A voice that had not been heard in a very, very long time, dragged Subaru to hell.

His heart was gripped, and a tremendous pain tore Subaru’s motionless body to shreds. It tormented him. It violated him. Humiliated him. ――Marked him, so he would never forget it again.

And then――,

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Medium: [Subaru-chin?]

Suddenly, sound, color, the flow of time returned, and he felt the fierce flow of blood throughout his body.

His head remained pressed against Medium’s chest, but what he picked up was not her tender heartbeat, but the resumption of his own blood flow and his own unusual, frightened, racing heartbeat.

The Witch’s anger at having broken the Taboo was immense, to the point of losing his voice, to the point of breaking his understanding, to the point of violating his soul. Subaru cursed himself.

Why, had he put himself through so much pain and suffering, he wondered.

By no means, could he confide in others about Return by Death.

He could not even inadvertently speak of it in something like an analogy.

If he attempted to convey those intentions of his to anyone, that dark-colored evil hand―― that of the Witch of Envy, would overcome any obstacle and reach for Subaru’s heart.

Not to mention――,

Subaru: [That was a close one…]

Muttering so, Subaru checked the presence of the one holding him, Medium, and that of the ones surrounding him, Abel, Al, Taritta and Louis.

The feeling of heat rising in the corner of his eyes was one of relief that they had not been harmed. ――The confession of Return by Death carried alongside a risk utmost feared by Subaru.

That was, the possibility that the evil hand would lay harm on someone other than Subaru and that, unlike the threat Subaru faced, it would not dispel its power until it severed their thread of life.

If that possibility were not actualized, and the only one to suffer were Subaru, that would be the next best outcome.

Of course, it was undeniable that the optimal would have been if Subaru had not been subjected to any pain.

Subaru: [Medium, san… Thank you, I’m okay now.]

Medium: [Really? Like, you look even more pained than before…]

Subaru: [If I’m the only one feeling miserable, that’d seriously be the best thing in this situation.]

Raising his face towards her, Subaru was released from Medium’s embrace. Although Medium looked somewhat hesitant about it, she was unable to say anything more at Subaru’s insistence.

As much as her concern was appreciated, the situation did not allow for it. And without exaggeration, the fact remained that Medium had helped a lot.

Subaru: [I’m sorry if I sound weird and unsettling. But I really feel it’s… dangerous outside. So.]

Al: [Don’t go out there, you say? But then we wouldn’t play the game with Olbart. Of course, there’s always the option of not playing the game with him.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [In that case, we shall have no choice but to cancel our negotiations with Yorna Mishigure. This trip has been a long one, and you, the clown, and Medium have all shrunk as a result.]

Al: [Well, some people might desire the result of being rejuvenated for the rest of their lives, you know?]

He followed up Abel’s cold-hearted statement with an impotent tease; Al’s point, however, was squarely contradicted by Olbart’s statement.

Albeit the details were unknown, it seemed that the “infantilization” that had befallen Subaru and the others had some disadvantages. It was not just simple rejuvenation, it seemed.

In other words, this “infantilization” was, without a doubt, a bomb.

Al: [In any case, I can’t stay small. Since we chose not to surround the old man and beat him, we gotta win the game of hide-and-seek.]

Subaru: [I know. I’m not going to forfeit the game. It’s just that it’s really dangerous out there. So…]

Abel: [And so?]

Subaru: [Well, I want to be careful if we go out there. Also, I want you to believe me when I say very strange things.]

Abel: [――――]

Subaru appealed, looking straight ahead and up at the man standing before him.

He could see Abel’s eyes narrowing through the oni mask at the off-hand remark. He could tell that Al was also subtly baffled, as well.

Certainly he was not persuasive, and he lacked the trial-and-error of trying to persuade them.

Taritta: [ Nevertheless , Subaru does speak some truth . We’ve been caught in an enemy trap , and this is a place that should be considered enemy territory . So, there’s no harm in raising our guard .]

Medium: [Yesyes, I agree with Taritta-chan! Let’s be careful! If I get any smaller, I won’t be able to stop Louis-chan.]

Louis: [Auu.]

However, Taritta and Medium agreed with Subaru’s opinion. It was unclear what Louis’s intentions were as of her shout at the end, but it appeared that there had been no hostility towards Subaru there.

Taritta and the others who were in tune with him were not talking about anything difficult. They were just trying to increase their own awareness of the need to be careful, because there was no such thing as too much caution.

Subaru could not think of any reason for Abel’s reluctance, aside from the fact Abel just didn’t like him.

Subaru: [If you don’t accept it, well then, I’ll show you some proof.]

Abel: [Proof, is it?]

Subaru: [Proof that my ideas shouldn’t be ignored. I’ll tell you where Olbart-san is. I’ll tell you where he’s hiding, where that “behind the eyelids” is.]

Abel: [Do you believe that to be enough of a bargaining chip? One way or another, you must reveal it. It is you who shall suffer the disadvantage of concealing it.]

Subaru: [Ugh…]

However, stubborn as he was, Abel refuted Subaru’s opinion, which provoked a spontaneous groan from the latter, lost for words. Before he could say anything else, Al interrupted with “Now now”,

Al: [Abel-chan, bro said he’s gonna give us something to base a decision out of. In fact, what he said was so outta nowhere, that I can’t get rid of the question mark over my head. But it’s not the first time he’s said something outrageous. Right?]

Abel: [――――]

Al: [If you ain’t listening to bro’s opinion here, there’s no point in bringing him along. And if you’re still gonna say you’ll disrespect him, well, then you’re just gonna ruin my mood too.]

Abel: [Ho.]

As Al tried to cover Subaru with his back they changed positions, Al’s voice, as he confronted Abel, dropped in tone.

Even though it was a deep voice at the level of a young boy, it was low enough to change the mood. Abel’s gaze, looking down on him, also turned cold, causing Subaru to gulp.

Abel’s relationship with Al was much more fragile than Subaru had expected, although he had not paid much attention to it so far.

Originally, Al had accompanied Subaru to the Demon City with the intention of going along with him. And, like Subaru, he was a human being belonging to the Kingdom of Lugunica, so he was not too concerned about Abel’s return to the throne.

In blunt terms, it was the desire of Al’s master, Priscilla.

Therefore, Al personally had no reason to support either Abel’s cause or Abel himself.

Here it was manifesting itself as a distinct crack in their relationship.

Physically, Al had shrunk to a ten-year-old him, but could Abel really beat Al? Al’s true capabilities in this state were unknown to him, and there was no benefit in letting this stare-off continue for long.

So――,

Subaru: [Stop fighting! All right, I lost! I give up!]

Wrapping around his protector, Al, to put himself in front, Subaru raised his voice.

There was nothing good to be gained here in a disagreement among allies. It would be much better for Subaru to become the bad guy, than to continue such a useless struggle.

Besides, either way, he had been able to warn them.

Taritta, Medium, and even Al must have heard Subaru’s plea. They would be very careful once they left the inn.

The problem would be, when death loomed in a way that made caution scarce.

At that point, Subaru would have to put his body on the line and do something about it.

Subaru: [We can’t be wasting time here! Everyone, ready up!]

Abel: [――. So, where do you believe “behind the eyelids” is?]

Subaru: [It’s…]

At any rate, Subaru insisted that they should avoid wasting time in this place. Abel finally responded positively to Subaru’s words.

The fact that this alone led to relief spoke volumes about the flawed people skills His Excellency the Emperor had.

Anyway, Subaru decided to answer with honesty.

Olbart’s first hiding place, that would be――,

△▼△▼△▼△

Olbart: [Next time, I’ll be sure to hide a lil’ better!]

Al: [Wait, old man…! Shit, he’s gone!]

Opening the room’s window, Olbart jumped out of the inn.

Al hurriedly followed the nimble-footed old man, but by the time he reached the window, the skilled shinobi had long since disappeared into the hustle and bustle of the city.

The speed with which he escaped was peerless, you could only be amazed by it or utterly frustrated.

Taritta: [Subaru, that man’s next hiding place …]

Medium: [Hmhm, Subaru-chin, did you understand? Do you know what it is?]

Everything has developed as it had before; with Subaru having found Olbart’s first hiding place without trouble, Taritta and Medium both looked at him with expectation.

However, unfortunately, the second hiding place―― the answer to “abyss with a great view”, was unknown.

He was unable to give them a suitable answer, and Medium and the others slumped their shoulders, although they collected themselves again, following the same flow as last time.

Al: [So, how’s it going, Abel-chan? Bro did a great job guessing right where that old man was, didn’t he?]

Abel: [He deserves credit for his accomplishments.]

Al: […That’s all?]

Abel: [As usual, we have no time to spare. We must uncover Olbart’s whereabouts twice more. What else is there?]

Al: […Is that so.]

Perhaps because of the earlier conversation, Al, prodding Abel, drooped his shoulders due to the latter’s answer.

Al’s sentiment was nice, but that Abel would react like so was predictable. Subaru did not recall getting any comments on the results or anything in particular from Abel the last time around.

In fact, it was difficult to imagine him praising others, not just Subaru, honestly.

This time, it was just another act that did not betray Abel’s character.

Taritta: [“With a great view” means it’s probably considered a high place , no ?]

Medium: [“But an abyss” is a hole, right? If it’s a hole, wouldn’t it be in the ground?]

Subaru: [I think you’re both on the right track. To answer that question… Abel, I believe you wanted to go to a place with a lot of people?]

Abel: [――――]

Taritta and Medium speculated on Olbart’s next hiding place.

To move that discussion forward, Subaru wanted to implement the plan from Abel that had not come to pass in the previous loop. As per his memories, Abel had originally planned to go to a crowded tavern.

As soon as they left the inn, a sudden “death” had befallen Subaru and the others amidst the street.

Putting it in another way, the moment in question was fast approaching.

Subaru: [Oi, Abel?]

Abel: [――. Your thoughts are not erroneous. A location with many people coming and going… It would also be preferable to be in a place with a lot of people.]

Al: [A place where people come and go…]

Subaru: [A place to drink… A tavern, was it?]

The conversation proceeded at a brisk pace, and Abel nodded in agreement once Subaru used that word.

And so, once they were all settled on leaving the inn and head for a tavern――,

Abel: [We shall avoid the front, and leave using the inn’s backdoor.]

And it was Abel, of all people, to speak so.

Subaru let out a dumbfounded “What?” to that change in opinions. Al and Taritta raised their eyes, as well.

Medium: [Huh? Abel-chin, does that mean you believe what Subaru-chin said?]

Abel: [There is nothing better than staying vigilant. Now that we have pinpointed Olbart’s whereabouts, there is room for consideration. What I am saying is nothing more, yes?]

Subaru: […You, really are a piece of work.]

To those words laced with resentment from Subaru, Abel merely responded with a snort from his nose.

However, his haughty attitude aside, Abel’s decision was helpful to Subaru. Subaru was similarly hoping to somehow lead everyone to the backdoor.

Al: [I think, that means he has the intention to properly give you credit, bro.]

Subaru: […Looks like it. Rather, that’s the way it’s always been.]

Somehow, he also doubted Abel’s attitude of “definite punishment or reward”.

If he could understand that aspect, it should help him to get a rough idea of a way to deal with Abel; Subaru himself was already supposed to start grasping him this way.

It was as if he were learning how to deal with Abel all over again.

Al: [But I’m still stunned that you were able to guess the old man’s location. I dunno how you did it. ――It’s like, you read a strategy guide for this.]

Subaru: [A strategy guide, that sounds so damn nostalgic. Well, it’d be useful to have something like that, but that’s not remotely it. That was just experience coming into play.]

Al: [Experience? Of playing hide-and-seek?]

Subaru: [It’s similar, you know. Like before… Like before?]

As he responded to his achievement of finding Olbart being probed, Subaru’s thoughts ground to a halt.

One of the reasons as to why Subaru had been able to tell that Olbart was hiding in the starting room, was because that was a typical development for the kind of behavior a person like him would have.

Still, someone must have done something similar to that predictable event before Olbart.

So, Subaru should remember it clearly.

Al: [Forgetting things? Forgetfulness’s something old people do. Funny that, contrary to what you’d expect, although you’re young now, you’re forgetful too, bro.]

Subaru: [Forgetful…]

Al: [That’s it, isn’t it? If it was someone else, it was someone close to you, bro. It shouldn’t be the silver-haired girl, maybe the loli that was always with you…]

Subaru: [――Beatrice!]

Al: [Whoa.]

Al’s shoulders trembled as Subaru looked up and gave a powerful shout.

But Subaru had no time to deal with Al’s surprise. Of course not.

Subaru: [Stop joking…]

No matter what he made of it, it was strange.

It was Beatrice, Beatrice. Subaru’s partner, a Great Spirit both pretty and sweet. The clue to finding Olbart had been the first prank she played on Subaru.

If there was anyone that could take credit for that, it should be earned by Subaru and Beatrice.

And yet, it was impossible that he’d just let that slip away.

It was something that shouldn’t have happened.

Taritta: [Subaru, Al, please come here !]

Suddenly, Taritta’s sharp voice called out to the stunned Subaru.

Looking up at her in reflex, he saw Taritta at the back door of the inn, peeking out the crack of the slightly-open door to the outside. Her face, seen from the side, had a look of intense alarm.

The reason for this alertness was probably nothing other than the death that had struck Subaru and the others――,

Taritta: [――We’re already surrounded . There’s probably close to a hundred of them .]

--- Chapter 45: Konkon ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Tiger at the front gate, wolf at the back gate. [1]

Strictly speaking, his situation was different, but it was a saying that crossed Subaru’s mind.

The fact that it had taken him a while to come up with even that saying really showed the difficulty of Subaru’s circumstances.

Al: [Nearly a hundred enemies!?]

Looking out the back door of the inn, Al’s voice cracked as Taritta told them the startling news.

In response, Taritta nodded quietly saying,

Taritta: [Yes. We’re surrounded . It seems more likely out of caution than hostility …]

Abel: [Sure, merely one or two people would be one thing, but it is difficult to ignore when they number close to a hundred.]

Keeping his voice low, Abel spoke to Taritta, who shut the back door.

As Taritta lowered her chin at his words, Abel’s gaze turned from her towards Subaru. His black eyes narrowed through the oni mask, his sharp glare pinning down Subaru’s heart.

And then――,

Abel: [――You have problems aside from being surrounded, do you not?]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Abel: [Against all reason, your limbs have shrunk. Anything could happen.]

Mixed with a faint sigh, Abel spelled that out, having guessed the abnormality with Subaru.

Because of his words, Subaru felt his cheeks become warm with shame. From the knowledge that Abel had been able to notice his disorder, and also from the awareness that he was holding them back.

He would rather even pretend that there was nothing wrong with himself.

However――,

Medium: [Subaru-chin, are you okay?]

The voice of Medium, which had comforted the troubled Subaru just before, made him stop.

Being stubborn in this situation would not solve anything. In addition, not only Subaru, but also his friends, Medium included, would suffer the consequences of his stubbornness.

So――,

Subaru: [Actually, I feel like… My memory’s getting weird. I’m having trouble remembering things that I should remember, and that’s probably not good.]

Al: […That’s why you were so strange a moment ago, huh?]

Subaru swallowed his frustration and frankly spoke to Al, who was struck speechless.

Al, too, must have felt there was something strange about Subaru’s earlier behavior. Talking about the details made him feel uneasy as well.

What had happened to Subaru was no stranger to Al.

Abel: [――. Anything specific?]

Subaru: […I couldn’t remember the name of an important family member. No! Uh, it’s just that it took a while before I could recall it.]

Al: [Bro, this ain’t the time to pretend you’re fine…]

Subaru: [I’m not trying to pretend I’m…]

Subaru was about to reflexively answer, “Fine”, but then he stopped himself, wondering whether he was or not.

He really didn’t want to say it so plainly that he’d forgotten the name of someone so important. Subaru remembered Beatrice, remembered Emilia, and remembered Rem.

He also remembered the friends he had left behind at the mansion.

Subaru: [So it’s not like I was trying to…]

Abel: [Tell me exactly what your condition is.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Abel: [Have you forgotten? Or does it take you a long time to remember? Which is it?]

Upon being asked this question, Subaru clammed up.

Abel’s question, as he neared one step closer to him, was firm, and had a sharpness that did not allow for lies.

There was a numbing sensation in his brain, and he was unable to pull his consciousness away from the man in front of him. As Subaru fell silent, Abel asked again, “Which is it?”,

Abel: [You cannot see what is occurring in your environs, and now you cannot see what is occurring inside your own head.]

Subaru: [――N-no! It’s not that I forgot, it’s just that I’m having trouble remembering! That’s right, just because I can’t recall quickly, doesn’t mean I forgot!]

Abel: […It takes a while to remember, huh?]

Subaru quickly responded to the cruel inquiry, and Abel quietly accepted his answer.

It was an explanation that Subaru himself didn’t know what to make of. So it was surprising that Abel did not outright dismiss it.

In fact, annoyed with Abel’s behavior, Al intervened with “Hey”,

Al: [What’s the difference? Why’s that a big deal to you in this situation?]

Abel: [There is a big difference. There is a world of difference between forgetting and having difficulty remembering.]

Al: [Huh?]

Al grumbled in displeasure, but Abel did not answer any further.

He looked back at Taritta listening to what was happening outside, leaving the bewildered Subaru and Al to their own thoughts.

Abel: [What is happening outside? They have yet to move, correct?]

Taritta: [For now, they’re just concealing their breath . Even though their encirclement should be complete by now .]

Abel: [Then that signifies we have not met their requirements.]

Taritta: [Requirements, is it …?]

Abel stroked his chin thoughtfully, without responding to Taritta’s puzzled look, and then looked back at Subaru once more.

Unable to keep up with the speed of his thoughts, Subaru flinched as Abel turned back. Closing the distance between him and the one taken aback, Abel put his face close to Subaru’s and asked,

Abel: [――What do we do for those outside to attack us?”

Subaru: [Eh…]

Abel: [Answer. The conditions for those outside to attack us are…]

Subaru: [T-that, even if you ask me…]

The question was repeated through the oni mask, and Subaru caught his breath, tensing up.

“I don’t understand it, even if you ask me”, he thought. At any rate, even if he remembered what had happened before he Returned by Death, it had been such a  sudden and unexpected death that he could not comprehend it at all.

If only he had more information, he’d be able to give Abel a better idea of what to do――.

Abel: [Answer.]

However, Abel trampled on Subaru’s hesitation and confusion, directing him a question. With Subaru unable to answer, the man donning the oni mask grabbed him by his young shoulders in a fit of rage.

Abel: [Answer! Natsuki Subaru!]

Subaru: [I-I don’t know! A-as soon as we go outside, they’ll attack us! That’s all I know!]

Replying upon being threatened, Subaru opened his eyes and clutched his chest.

Once again, he impulsively revealed the information he had obtained through Return by Death. He was afraid that the penalty for violating the Taboo might come back to haunt him. But nothing happened.

Neither the stoppage of time around him, nor the evil hand that made him pay for his stupidity, manifested.

But instead――,

Louis: [Uu!]

Having gotten between Subaru and Abel with a snarl, Louis protected Subaru with her back towards him as she glared directly at Abel, who had adopted a hardline attitude.

Abel’s arm was forced away from Subaru’s shoulder by Louis, sending her a disapproving look. However, Louis was soon joined by a reassuring ally, Medium.

Medium: [Abel-chin! Don’t bully Subaru-chin! I’ll tell big bro!]

Abel: […What should I do, being told that? In the first place, he just gave me necessary information. ――Going outside is the trigger, huh?]

Abel shrugged his shoulders at Medium’s reproachful glare, without even feeling remorse.

His thoughtful expression caused Medium to say, “Geez!” as she put her hands on her hips, directing her eyes at Subaru rather than Abel.

Medium: [Subaru-chin, are you okay? Abel was scary, wasn’t he~?]

Subaru: [It’s not like I was scared. I was just a little surprised… Yeah.]

Medium: [Really? I hope so. You’re a strong boy, a strong boy, Subaru-chin.]

As she said this, Medium’s hand stroked Subaru’s black hair with gentleness.

The kindness of her touch, and the fact that he was being praised as a “strong boy”, made him feel ashamed once again. But in fact, he couldn’t deny that his racing heart was slowly calming down.

He thought he really was losing it.

The relief he felt at being comforted by Medium aside, more troubling were the unspeakable feelings of reluctance and fear he felt towards Abel.

He couldn’t resist Abel’s will, and so, he kept getting pushed around.

It was like――,

Al: [It’s like a child and an adult. And I’m not just talking about looks.]

Subaru: [Ugh…]

Al’s voice came from beside the downcast face of Subaru, as the latter gripped his chest.

Subaru’s face tightened as he felt he was being judged by Al, whose tone of voice was harsh, still reeling from his earlier conversation with Abel.

Because of his words, “a child and an adult”, Subaru’s doubts were cleared up.

Yes, Al was right, that was the appropriate way to describe it. In fact, the current interaction between Subaru and Abel was similar to the power dynamic between a child and an adult.

Not just in appearances, but also in mind, as if the latter were being pulled along by the former.

Abel: [――Listen. I think I know who we are up against.]

Taritta: [D-do you really …!?]

While Subaru was experiencing an unfathomable sense of dread, Abel spoke in a low voice.

Abel’s words made Taritta’s eyes widen in surprise. It was not only her who was surprised, but also everyone else present. To be more precise, everyone except Louis, who was not following the conversation.

At any rate, Abel got everyone’s attention and nodded with a “Yes”.

Abel: [From the conditions presented by Olbart, and the hundred enemies identified by Taritta… If we exclude those possibilities that cannot be, we can, naturally, narrow down the options.]

Al: [So, what do you think, oh clever Abel-chan? Who’s after us?]

Abel: [――It is Chaosflame]

Al & Medium: [Chaosflame… this city?]

In response to Al and Medium’s question, Abel nodded grimly.

He then looked over at Subaru and the rest, whose expressions showed that they still hadn’t put his answer together, and continued,

Abel: [Chaosflame… That is, the residents of the Demon City. Those standing outside poised to attack, I am sure they are the very people residing in this city.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Abel made a clear statement that the inhabitants of Chaosflame were the enemy.

Subaru: [――――]

At Abel’s declaration, Subaru opened and closed his mouth in disbelief. ――No, not only Subaru, but Al and the others had their own reactions of astonishment as well.

That would be natural. Considering they had suddenly been told that the people of the city had turned against them.

Al: [Are you sure, that can’t be right. What gave you that idea?]

Abel: [It is quite the natural thought. In the first place, there are only a limited number of people capable of mobilizing a force of a hundred men to surround the inn. At this point, there are only two choices… The Emperor’s group, and the Demon City’s forces. However, Chisha is disguised as me. Furthermore, he does not possess the leeway to do what I would not do.]

Al: [So that others won’t find out he’s not Abel-chan. So, what wouldn’t you do?]

Abel: [Brazenly sending my forces to the Demon City.]

Subaru nearly nodded at the conclusive statement, but he couldn’t decide if it was definitive information or not. If a hundred soldiers accompanied the king, would that be too many or too few?

He did not believe it strange at all, if that many were present.

Medium: [I dunno much about it, but how many soldiers are there at Abel-chin’s castle?]

Abel: [Are you inquiring about the number of troops at the Imperial Capital? If so…]

When Medium raised her hand to ask a question, Abel glanced at Subaru. He was unable to understand the meaning of his gaze; Abel touched the forehead of his oni mask, and after a moment of contemplation said,

Abel: [Some insignificant thirty-thousand. But this talk is not about the forces at his command. Whether or not the Emperor would allow them to accompany him, is the topic of this conversation. And――]

Taritta: [The real Emperor would never do such a thing .]

Abel: [That is what I meant.]

Abel nodded his head. He denied the possibility of the false Emperor making such a careless decision.

Subaru felt that there was a possibility that the other party could have been careless, but he kept his mouth shut. He would not be listened to, even if he had said it.

In any case――,

Abel: [The Emperor declared it forbidden to touch us, and Olbart displayed an approach that adhered to that order. With that case as valid, dispatching a force at us would make no sense.]

Al: […What about a theory like, he didn’t do it himself, or something like that?]

Abel: [Now, I shall ask you, do you believe I would ever allow that line of reasoning?]

Taritta: [I don’t think so .]

Synchronized with Taritta’s answer, Al similarly denied it with a shake of his masked head.

As long as the fake Emperor was disguised as Abel, his lines of thought must be the same as Abel’s as an Emperor. In other words, what Abel would not allow, the fake Emperor could not allow.

And so, the false Emperor would have to continue a pretense of being very narrow-minded.

Abel: [Kafma Irulux would not permit it, even if an attempt was made to reason with him. He is inflexible. And therefore, he is a valuable asset, but I am certain General Second-Class Kafma would not condone this crooked interpretation.]

Subaru: [Kafma… Would that be the straight-laced guy we saw yesterday?]

Abel: [He might be meek towards the Emperor, but he shall opine without hesitation even against a General First-Class. Even Olbart’s cunning shall be unable to bend Kafma’s principles.]

Al: [That lil’ bro’s got that much power?]

Abel: [At one time, he was approached for a promotion to Divine General. For a variety of reasons, he passed up on it.]

As a response to Abel’s answer, Al let out a frustrated “Ugh”.

If this was true, then two Divine General-class people had been present in the Castle yesterday―― Nay, three, since the fake Emperor was one of them.

That may indeed be more reliable manpower compared to bringing in unskilled troops.

Subaru: [But if the false Emperor’s not the enemy, then …]

Naturally, the conjecture that Abel had proposed became more and more realistic.

In other words, the inhabitants of the Demon City of Chaosflame were the ones waiting for them outside, and the leader who had made them move was――

Medium: [Are you saying Yorna-chan’s making them attack us?]

Al: […It’s hard to think of anyone else, isn’t it? There’s no one else who knows about us and has a good reason to target us to begin with.]

Subaru: [――. What does Abel think?]

Someone within the Demon City of Chaosflame who could move its inhabitants as pawns; naturally, the first person that came to mind was Yorna Mishigure, the ruler of the Demon City.

However, was it possible that she, being as unpredictable as Olbart―― No, perhaps even harder to predict, was the mastermind behind the whole situation?

In response to Subaru’s suspicion, Abel tapped his finger on the forehead of his oni mask,

Abel: [That is asinine.]

And his reply was brief.

Subaru: [Asinine? Errr, does that mean you don’t agree? Why?]

Abel: [It would be pride to believe that if you ask, you shall receive an answer for everything. ――The missive.]

Subaru: [The missive?]

Abel replied to Subaru’s question while adding an unnecessary sentence.

The missive was the letter they had delivered to Yorna the previous day. Delivering that letter had been the purpose of the previous day’s visit and was bound to be the reason for the current day’s summons.

Abel had not told them in detail what he had written in the letter, though.

Abel: [In the missive, I wrote that I would reward her with that which she desires.]

Al: [The thing that lady wants… In other words, the position of Empress?]

Medium: [To be your wife?]

Once Abel mentioned the contents of the missive, Al and Medium spoke in quick succession.

As they had been told the prior day, Yorna wanted the Emperor. Not necessarily Abel, but the Emperor’s status.

So if it were true that he had written that he would give Yorna what she coveted, it should be like that.

Subaru: [How the heck did you decide to convey something like that in a letter?]

Abel: [Do not trivialize the problem using your own standards. Whatever it is, she shall achieve what she desires. Hence why we were summoned to the Castle. It is illogical for her to send her forces against us in spite of that.]

Al: [Ahhh~, what if she hates being Abel-chan’s wife so much that she wants to kill him…]

Or perhaps, the letter was so rude that she wanted to kill them.

Subaru thought that there was a very good chance that he would be treating the person he was going to marry in a pompous manner, because he behaved that way in person.

But Abel scoffed at the idea Subaru and the rest had.

Abel: [What she must do, she shall. Emotions are secondary. She is not like Priscilla.]

Al: [I did think that lady was just as troublesome as the Princess!]

Subaru agreed to that. Priscilla and Yorna were both scary.

He was afraid of Priscilla and Yorna both, but he felt that Abel had a point because it had been stated with such conviction. ――Also, he recalled his memories of Yorna from the previous day.

Yorna: [As the Lord of the Demon City, I won’t speak lies in front of my attendants.]

So Yorna had said, her words spoken with a bewitching smile regarding the matter of the letter that Subaru and the others had present her with, a promise that she would not throw it away without reading it.

Subaru and the others fell into the stables afterwards, and then, Tanza, Yorna’s attendant, had declared that Yorna had recognized Subaru and his companions.

At the very least, Subaru did not take her as a woman who would change her previous statements at will.

He did not, so he wished to believe what Abel had said.

Taritta: [In any case , those outside should be getting impatient right about now . What should we do ?]

Keeping an eye on the outside, Taritta questioned them about their next move.

Abel had spoken of a trigger for an assault―― as in, the conditions that would make the other party attack them, but, so far, they could only guess that it would be them going outside. But with the other side prepared to attack them, they did not know when they may force their way in.

In addition, Subaru and the rest were in the middle of a game of hide-and-seek.

Subaru: [Even if we know the people outside are coming in, we can’t just not leave, right?]

Al: [Well, unless the old man outplayed our outplaying, and hid in the inn for a second time… Just in case, should we take another look at the room?]

Abel: [I would have considered that if we did not have the clue, “an abyss with a great view”.]

So Abel dismissed him, and Al hung his head in disappointment.

In fact, Subaru’d had the thought that Olbart would be hiding in the first room once more as well. But no matter how much he thought about it, he could not connect it to “an abyss with a great view”. So he had not touched on it.

In the meantime, their group’s course of action was being finalized.

Of course, there was no other choice for them but to make their debut. The question was, what kind of strategy should they use to make that option work?

Abel: [――Taritta, draw their attention.]

Subaru: [Abel!?]

A moment later, Abel gave what seemed to be the cruelest instruction of all.

Hearing this, Taritta’s cheeks hardened,  and Subaru criticized Abel in a shrill voice. But Abel ignored Subaru’s voice, keeping his gaze on Taritta, and continued,

Abel: [Make a great ruckus and capture the attention of those outside. Meanwhile, we shall sneak out.]

Al: [Abel-chan, a better, understandable plan would be…]

Abel: [There is none. This is the best we can muster with the cards in our possession. If you had not been shrunken, we might have been able to find another method.]

Subaru: [That’s going too far!]

Louis: [Auu!]

Abel dismissed Al’s concern for Taritta’s safety.

Along with Subaru snapping at him for his cruelty, Louis voiced her righteous indignation as well. However, as a reaction to Subaru and the others――,

Taritta: [Yes, understood . I’ll draw the attention of the group outside .]

Subaru: [Taritta-san! No matter how you look at it…]

Shaking her head sideways, Taritta was prepared to accept Abel’s reckless instructions.

Subaru wanted to find a better method that could ensure her safety, somehow. However, the only two things that came to Subaru’s mind at this moment were caution and anxiety towards the very dangerous enemies outside.

Abel: [Taritta, hand me that package. We shall need it later.]

Taritta: [Here it is . Once I have their full attention , please take advantage of the opportunity and es cape . However, I don’t think I’ll have a chance to give you a signal …]

Abel: [I shall allow Medium to decide that.]

Medium: [Eh, me?]

Abel received the package Taritta was carrying, his slender form shouldering the bag. As Abel continued with the preparations, Medium, having been designated by name, widened her eyes.

Turning to face her, Abel nodded, together with a “Yes”,

Abel: [Shrunken or not, you still have eyes to watch for an opportunity. Out of everyone, you are the most competent.]

Medium: [Hmmm, gotcha. I’ll watch carefully! So be careful, Taritta-chan.]

Taritta: [Yes.]

The discussion was moving along at breakneck pace, leaving Subaru behind.

Putting Abel aside, Taritta and Medium had nerves of steel. Especially Taritta, who was being entrusted with the most dangerous role.

Taritta: [So, I’m off .]

Clutching her bow, Taritta put her hand on the back door. Facing her back, Subaru couldn’t help but shout, “Taritta-san!”,

Subaru: [Um, d-don’t die…!]

Taritta: [――――]

He was disgusted with himself for saying something so obvious and discouraging. If he was unable to offer any useful opinions or winning strategies, he should at least say something that would boost Taritta’s morale.

And yet, all he could offer was a quavering plea. ――But Taritta’s eyes relaxed slightly and,

Taritta: [Yeah, I’ll see you guys later .]

With a thin smile, Taritta’s body flew outward like a bullet.

Just before that, Abel hurled his final words towards Taritta’s back, as she headed for enemy territory.

Those were――,

Abel: [Taritta, there is no need to hold back. Spare no quarter. ――No matter who they are, no person in this city is easy to kill.]

It was ominous advice, which could not be called either encouragement nor a winning strategy.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The moment she stepped outside, hostility swelled mightily quickly.

Tasting it on her brown skin, Taritta’s narrowed eyes scanned left to right over the entire area in one go.

For the People of Shudraq, who lived as hunters in the jungle, understanding the terrain and situation at a moment’s notice was an essential skill. Taritta was no exception.

――No, Mizelda, her sister, had entrusted Taritta with the role of chieftain.

Therefore, Taritta must excel in these skills, more so than her fellow Shudraqians. And indeed, she did.

Taritta: [――Ah.]

With a light gasp born at the back of her throat, Taritta assessed the number of hostile forces directed at her.

Around her, there were about a hundred people with the will to fight, but less than twenty of them had seized their hostility onto Taritta, who had rushed out the back door.

In addition, the number of those able to move quickly among them would be even smaller.

First thing would be to get the feet of those who turned around to――,

Taritta: [――No good .]

Her mind flashed back to the advice given by Abel just before she had taken off, to spare no quarter.

Abel was a prideful, good-looking man. He met all the requirements of Mizelda’s taste in men, and Taritta was not good at dealing with him. She was weak to pressure and went along with the flow without resistance. Plus, when confronted with someone with a nature like that of her sister or Abel, she would be rendered unable to express any of her opinions.

That was why Taritta preferred someone who would listen to her. Particularly because she would take time to settle on an opinion, and would reel at being rushed.

From that perspective, Flop, who had stayed behind at Guaral, was quite――,

Taritta: [――Hk, what am I thinking ?]

Blushing red with momentary shame, Taritta drew her bowstring as if to vent.

A moment later, arrows were released from the bow―― three, at the same time. Taritta’s archery skills manifested, with each arrow aiming at a different prey.

One flew straight and two flew in a curve, as they cut the wind along the alleyway outside the inn, and pierced their targets.

Three men who had turned to face the rushing Taritta and made an attempt to step towards her, were shot in the neck and chest respectively, instantly robbing them of their fighting power.

Taritta: [Hunting is comfortable .]

It suited Taritta, because she was not required to talk to anyone.

The prey did not expect Taritta to speak, nor did she want to communicate with them. The only dialogue that occurred was that of her arrows and their meeting the enemy.

Even so, the result dubbed life and death need not be produced at the end of a conversation.

???: [――ROHH!]

With a roar, several shadows rushed into the alley, replacing the men who had been shot through.

The first thing that entered Taritta’s field of vision was an oxman; his body so massive that, to gaze upon it all, she had to look up. A man with short, thick horns at the top of his head was ferociously using his frame to charge, all while unleashing a battle cry.

A direct frontal hit would pulverize every bone in Taritta’s thin body.

However, there was no way to escape to her back, or to her side. Even if she jumped upwards, there was a good chance she would be grabbed by the legs.

With that in mind, Taritta lowered herself and darted forward.

Oxman: [Wha――!?]

Perhaps because those actions were unexpected, the oxman’s eyes widened and his throat tightened. Taritta extended her legs towards the oxman’s face and used it as a foothold, punting him in the snout.

Bending her knees to stifle her momentum, Taritta’s body revolved with ease in midair, using the face of the oxman, spewing blood from his nose, as a foothold. Then performing a half-turn, she adopted an upside-down position while airborne.

Taritta: [――――]

As she spun around, she secured a three-sixty-degree view, including the area behind her, which she had not been able to see previously. She was able to assess the shadows of buildings, the rooftops and scaffolding present in the city, and even those attempting to attack her from these positions.

Taritta: [These won’t be enough arrows .]

As she said this, she pulled out the arrows from the quiver on her back, put them on her bow at a dizzying pace, and repeatedly fired three shots in rapid succession to reduce her enemies.

The number of arrows was disproportionate to the number of enemies she had assessed. With no choice but to cut down the enemies with the highest priority, Taritta used her intuition of many years to target the ones with the most ability.

Ignoring the uncomfortable feeling she felt at the sight of those who entered her field of vision――,

???: [Woaaa――?!]

The raging arrows glided through the air akin to a tempest, and those pierced through were blown away by the impact.

Following Abel’s advice, Taritta attacked about thirty enemies with merciless attacks to the vitals, aiming for everyone’s chest and neck, and the eyes and mouth of those she could, hoping to inflict a fatal wound.

After this first engagement, however, she had already run out of arrows.

The only thing she could do now, to retrieve the arrows that had been utilized, and to continue serving as a decoy as long as possible――,

Taritta: […Well this is , a bit unexpected .]

As she moved to retrieve the arrow from the downed enemy, Taritta stopped in her tracks.

Taritta, as a warrior of Shudraq, had killed countless beasts in her life. Even if the beast’s shape was slightly different, the creature’s feedback to having its vital point pierced could be witnessed at the moment of her bow firing.

And based on that experience, she was confident that she had sowed the lives of those she had shot through.

???: [Guhgu…]

And yet, none of those who groaned and rose to their feet had lost their lives.

Even if they had not flat-out perished, they should have been on the verge of death. However, those that stood up stared at Taritta with eyes that were not bereft of the will to fight, let alone on the verge of death.

In those eyes that gazed at Taritta, a change occurred.

Taritta: [ What , in the world is that ?]

Taritta frowned and questioned the oxman as he stood up. The man did not reply, but the change that had occurred to him was so alien that it seized her attention.

――A scarlet flame was covering his right eye.

Oxman: [――――]

Those whose pupils were ablaze were not restricted to just the oxman.

All those who had fallen after being shot by Taritta regarded her with a scarlet flame in one of their eyes, be it the right or the left one.

Those whose eyes were burning were not restricted to just those who had been shot by Taritta.

Those who had come to the scene later to surround Taritta had scarlet flames in their eyes as well. Flickering flames that burnt, all the while scattering sparks.

And amazingly, flames similar to those burned away and healed the wounds of the oxman.

The kicked and smashed nose of the oxman, and the arrow wounds of those who had been shot through, had all been undone, completely.

Taritta: […A few words were not enough , Abel.]

The scene and Abel’s earlier advice came together, and Taritta let out a sigh.

Although she did not know for certain, her belief was that Abel had thoroughly anticipated this situation. If that were the case, he should have endeavored to make his words more understandable.

And beyond that, her head pounded with the desire for purely convenient thoughts, as she was not good with someone who hurried the conversation forward.

However——,

Taritta: [My role is to be a decoy , not to annihilate the enemy .]

Hence, in terms of focusing on her role, it was safe to say that it was working well.

And then——,

Taritta: […They’re breaking the arrows , it seems .]

The arrows that had shot through them were breaking one after another, as they slipped out of their bodies. The arrowheads that she was supposed to retrieve were lost, and Taritta became unable to use her archery skills.

However, it would be a mistake to think that this would leave her with no options.

Taritta: [Both daggers and throwing stones can be used for hunting .]

As she said this, Taritta dropped low and held the dagger she had tucked inside her formal dress and the bow she had lost the arrows to shoot with together.

Taritta’s battle to fulfil her role had only now begun.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [——Hk, Taritta-san, awesome…!]

Subaru’s voice trembled as he ran, at the sight of the people whose eyes and wounds were ablaze.

Taritta had been sent out for a fierce struggle, but her skill was far beyond Subaru’s imagination.

In all honesty, it was safe to say that Subaru had underestimated Taritta’s ability to be an effective member of Shudraq, given her reserved and quiet nature as a late bloomer.

Just before, he had also seen how helpless she had been against Olbart.

Of course, because Mizelda had nominated her to be the next Chieftain, he knew there would be no gap in ability between her and Kuna or Holly.

But the precision of her aim, the speed of her shots, and the way she was able to take on an overwhelmingly large number of people made it seem like she could be as good as, or even better than, Mizelda.

Subaru: [But still…]

Even evaluating Taritta to have a high level of skill, it was hard to shake off the strangeness of those attackers.

In the first place, their appearance was strange. After all, none of them wore armor, nor did they have any sort of weapons. They were unarmed.

From the looks of it, they were pretty much the same as many of the people they had been passing by since the previous day, in Chaosflame―― they were just another citizen of the Demon City with an appearance that stood out somewhat.

These citizens had surrounded Subaru and the others, and after being on the other end of Taritta’s transcendental bow-and-arrow technique, they stood up without a hitch despite being mortally wounded.

From a distance, it could be seen that the attackers included women and children, and Taritta must have been disturbed that they were not actually a group of strong warriors.

She had done a great job of attracting attention, and at Medium’s signal, Subaru and the others ran out into the city. But should they really escape, and not back up Taritta?

Unsure of what was the right thing to do, those options kept spinning around and around in Subaru’s mind.

Next to Subaru, Abel, carrying a bag on his back, witnessed the same scene.

Abel: [So indeed, the entire city is covered by the Soul Marriage Technique.]

Al: [ Konkon …? Oioi, Abel-chan, the hell’s that?] [2]

Abel: [It is the mechanism of the collective that faces Taritta without backing down.]

Al, who was running in a daze, asked a question to which Abel gave an inadequate answer.

Although Subaru couldn’t quite wrap his head around what was going on, one thing was clear. ――Abel had a clue about the relationship between those burning eyes and the attackers.

Subaru: [Abel! Don’t keep secrets from us! Tell us everything!]

Abel: [――. It is one of the supposedly lost secret arts spoken of in ancient literature. It is called the Soul Marriage Technique; by sharing a part of one’s soul with others, value is added to it.]

Al: [I don’t get it! The fuck’s that supposed to mean?]

Abel: [To put it another way, souls united via the Soul Marriage Technique share a fraction of their power. And in this city, there is merely a single wielder of the Soul Marriage Technique――]

Urged on from both sides by Subaru and Al, Abel gave them the most abridged answer possible.

Despite that, the content was still difficult for Subaru to understand, but, somehow, he managed to pick up its nuance.

In other words――,

Abel: [――It means that everything that composes this Demon City shares the power of Yorna Mishigure. Therefore, this city is a land that shall not fall easily, no matter how many armies you dispatch against it.]

Translation notes:

[1] A Japanese idiom for a situation in which it is obvious that even if one difficult problem or disaster is solved or avoided, another difficult problem or disaster will be faced, henceforth making it extremely difficult to escape danger.

[2] Konkon is usually an onomatopoeic word used to refer to the cry of a fox, in this case, however, this word is used in the chapter for the technique that Yorna uses to make the citizens of Chaosflame stronger, “Soul Marriage Technique”, read in Japanese as “Konkon Jutsu.” Seeing how Yorna is a fox demi-human, the pun should be obvious. Abel uses the Kanji in writing (魂婚) for Soul Marriage, which is pronounced “konkon” . However, Al doesn’t really get what he’s referring to, hence his reaction, and saying the pronunciation out loud.

--- Chapter 46: Childish Recklessness ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [The people of this city share the same power as Yorna…!?]

While running with effort along the alley, Subaru’s eyes widened at the words Abel spoke.

Subaru had no idea of the power of the foxwoman he had met atop the castle tower of the Crimson Lapis Castle, a woman who seemed to have an unfathomable presence―― an existence that could also be called the Empress that ruled over the Demon City.

However, since she had been chosen as one of the Nine Divine Generals, and had been allowed to remain alive, maintaining her life, despite rebelling against the Emperor many times, she was definitely very strong.

Yorna was very strong, and to think that the whole city shared the same amount of power as her.

Subaru: [Just imagining it is scary enough! Soul Marriage Technique, you’ve got to be…]

Abel: [You think I am merely lining up words without pondering them over? Then, how do you explain the events that caused your limbs to shrink? The Kingdom and the Empire are different in the foundation of their techniques and the studies they have cultivated. Of course, there are certain phenomena you cannot possibly imagine. There is no end to the number of techniques that have been lost.]

Subaru: [Even if you say that…]

After all those difficult words, Subaru bit the inside of his cheek in frustration and turned his head.

His feet almost got tangled, nearly causing him to fall, but he held it together so that he wouldn’t be left behind by his friends. Because of their shrunken bodies, none of them, Subaru, Al, or Medium, had shoes that fit their feet perfectly. So their feet were wrapped in cloth, like improvised tabi . [1]

Were it to come untied, making him fall, they would have to stop. That’d be no good.

Even if Subaru could not keep up with the conversation, at least his body should keep up.

Abel: [Albeit, while I was thinking of it as a possibility, I thought it was an unlikely one.]

Al: […So you’re saying that you didn’t know that that lady was a user of the Soul Marriage Technique as well?]

Abel: [Even now, I am doubting if that truly is the case. It is that mad of a deed.]

Abel replied, lightly breathing as he ran, his oni mask’s gaze directed to their front. Al growled at those words, and Medium’s face turned to Abel.

Even though she was smaller, Medium seemed to be the one with the most physical energy. Subaru was still doing fine, but he would probably run out of breath before too long. It was difficult for him to keep running.

Abel: [――Halt. It appears we have managed to shake off the ones around the inn for the moment.]

Abel suddenly brought everyone to a stop, though he probably didn’t do that, because he cared about their well-being.

With the exit of the alleyway in sight, the five of them ducked behind a collection of scrap wood and caught their breath while keeping a watchful eye on the street.

Medium: [I wonder if Taritta-chan’s okay. Although she’s a lot more mobile than I thought she’d be.]

Subaru: [Eh? Y-yeah she was like jumping and bouncing up and down and shooting her bow and arrows going like “pewpew”…]

Al: [Bro, are you doing that on purpose? Or…]

Subaru: [Doing what on purpose?]

He tilted his head and frowned at Al’s question.

Had he said something strange, he wondered. He was just praising Taritta’s efforts in his own way, to match Medium’s admiration.

In response, Al shook his head and replied with “Never mind” as if it were nothing, and then turned his head towards Abel. And then,

Al: [What did you mean earlier, by calling it “that mad of a deed”?]

Abel: [――. As I stated. The Soul Marriage Technique involves ceding a portion of one’s soul to another. By soul, that would be the very root of one’s self, the Od.]

Al: [Ceding… Od.]

Ruminating on the words, Al’s voice trembled at the realization.

Od was, as Abel had stated, the root of one’s being―― the center of not only the body, but also the more spiritual part of the being, the origin of one’s Mana.

In this world, it was often treated as it was the same as the soul. So, perhaps the Soul Marriage Technique could also be called the Od Marriage Technique. Although Subaru wasn’t too sure of this.

Subaru: [But why do souls become stronger when they’re joined together?]

Abel: [A similar example would be the relationship between a Spiritual Arts User and a Spirit. By entering into a contractual relationship, User and Spirit connect to each other’s essence. Thus, those connected can be said to draw power from one another. Physical separation has nothing to do with it. This ought to ring a bell.]

Subaru: [A connection in which they draw power from each other, yeah, I get it, but…]

As he heard Abel speaking of Spiritual Arts Users, Subaru’s chest tightened.

Subaru didn’t have power strong enough to take pride in, but he was still a Spiritual Arts User. He had contracted with a pretty girl in a cute dress―― Beatrice, and was able to do many things with her help. Though a bit limited.

And then, there was Emilia too, yes, she was a Spiritual Arts User as well. Although he hadn’t seen that little cat for a while.

Medium: [What’s the matter, Subaru-chin?]

Subaru: [Oh, uhh, it’s just… making promises with Spirits is an awful lot of work, and doing something like that, and with a lot of people! That’s a bit…]

Medium: [Hmhm.]

Subaru: [I-I was just thinking of how difficult it must be.]

Subaru was able to honestly convey his thoughts to Medium, who, as a good listener, did not rush him, hearing what he said with care.

Respecting a Contract with a Spirit was very important, and it was difficult to do the same with many people. At least, Subaru could not do that with anyone but Beatrice.

It wasn’t only down to the fact Beatrice was a girl he held such a promise with from the get-go, but also, even if that was not the case, he wouldn’t have been able to do it.

Hearing Subaru’s doubts, Abel nodded, voicing a “That is correct”,

Abel: [Hence why I claimed it to be that mad of a deed.]

Subaru: [So, the Soul Marriage Technique is dangerous, that’s what you’re saying?]

Abel: [The Soul Marriage Technique itself can be thought as something much like the forging of a contractual relationship with a Spirit. However, it is difficult to believe that it can be performed on an unlimited number of people.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [Albeit I stated it was a portion, it is nonetheless the ceding of the soul. It is nothing more than tearing apart the very foundation of one’s being, and handing it over in an indiscriminate manner. Keeping one’s ego intact is not something that can be done, usually. Or rather… No, talking about this will bring us nowhere.]

With a slow shake of his head, Abel spoke of the unusual nature of Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique.

To be honest, Subaru didn’t understand the situation as clearly as Abel did, but he managed to understand that it was very scary.

For Subaru, it’d be like sharing his soul with a bunch of people other than Beatrice. Of course, there were people with whom Subaru felt he could give away part of his soul as they wouldn’t do any mischief.

He didn’t think that Medium or Al here would do anything wrong. But if someone asked him if he could give it to Abel, his reply would be no.

And aside from that――,

Louis: [Uu…]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

She plucked at the bottom of Subaru’s shirt, causing him to be distracted by the owner of that small, groaning voice.

Louis, with her long golden hair tucked behind her head, had been following Subaru and the others in their escape so far without a word. ――No, it was not just this far.

Louis was surprisingly good at listening and didn’t even raise her voice, which Subaru had been worried about. She did not attract the attention of the enemy, and did what needed to be done in a timely manner.

And――,

Louis: [――――]

Even now, she pulled at Subaru’s hem, as if looking for a way to help him cope with his anxiety, not to make him deal with her own.

Subaru: [You’re…]

A horrible person. A scary person. An unforgivable person.

He had no doubts about it, having thought about that for a long time, more than enough time.

The reason why he couldn’t dump her on the spot after being sent to the Vollachian Empire with her was because that girl, Rem, was trying to take care of Louis.

Even now, Subaru didn’t want Rem to hate him, and that was the only reason why he stayed with Louis.

And yet――.

Al: [――But hey, doesn’t this clear things up?]

Al suddenly said this to a worried Subaru, who did not shake off Louis’s hand.

Al’s gaze turned to Abel, the two of them, masked and covered in cloth, adult and child, facing each other. As Abel looked down at him, Al pointed his thumb to his own chest,

Al: [The people who attacked us are under the influence of Yorna-neechan’s Soul Marriage Technique. Then it must’ve been Yorna-neechan who made them attack us, and that’s a QED.] [2]

Abel: [――. That surely is an answer accepting the things at face value.]

Al: [I don’t like the way you’re saying that. If these people are using Yorna-neechan’s power, there’s no other option.]

Subaru: [Yeah, that might not be quite right…]

Al: [Huh?]

Al reacted to Subaru’s gentle interruption with a harsh voice. Seeing Subaru’s shoulders tremble at the sound of his voice, Al touched the sheath of dao on his back and,

Al: [My bad. Didn’t mean to freak you out… Bro, you’re saying there’s another possibility?]

Subaru: […Beatrice and I have a Contract, but I’m not connected to her all the time. No, we’re connected, but I don’t know what she’s doing right now or anything, so.]

Al: [So you’re saying someone can just borrow her power and secretly go on a rampage?]

Although reluctantly, Subaru nodded to Al’s blunt statement.

Even though he wasn’t aware of the scope and conditions of the Soul Marriage Technique in full, it was possible that causing such mischief is possible. And if so, it was not possible to say with certainty that Yorna was a bad person, right now.

Abel: [Worst case, if the enemy turns out to be Yorna Mishigure, we shall have no other option but to flee the Demon City. Our competition with Olbart shall not be able to continue.]

Al: [We’re being targeted by the whole city, y’know. I agree with you, but…]

Abel: [――If we capture just one person it would change things.]

Abel muttered to himself as he touched his cheek over the oni mask.

Hearing this, Subaru opened his mouth with a “Oh”.

Subaru: [S-sure! If we can just get one of the people from the other side to talk to us, it’d be a lot clearer! Why didn’t I think of that!?]

Medium: [Oh, it’s true~! Abel-chin, you’re a genius! That’s it, that’s it!]

Subaru: [Right!]

Subaru and Medium jumped for joy at the answer, which seemed to clear the cloudy sky. They clapped their raised hands together and looked back at Abel and the others with great joy.

However, their delight was interrupted by Abel and Al, whose true faces could not be seen.

Directing his gaze at the excited duo, Al slumped his shoulders,

Al: [Well, if we could do that, we wouldn’t have any trouble. But that’s what makes it so hard, y’know. After all, everyone on the other side’s receiving Yorna-neechan’s power.]

Subaru: [Ah, I see…]

Medium: [Um~, we could’ve done it if only Taritta-chan was here.]

Stomping her feet on the ground, Medium was feeling a great sense of regret about her lack of ability.

Subaru also felt frustration at her words. He lacked the information to take this one step further, and he had no means at hand to obtain it.

Subaru: [Something, anything at all…]

Putting a hand over his mouth, Subaru strived hard to remember what he had done so far.

Since arriving in Chaosflame, various events and troubles had occurred in this Demon City. The encounter they had with Yorna and the false Emperor at the Crimson Lapis Castle. Then the next morning, the sudden “infantilization”, the hide-and-seek game proposed by the Vicious Old Man, and the scary people waiting for them――.

They had to find a way out of this while Taritta was stalling for them.

If not, no matter how capable Taritta was, with that many people there, they would catch her and something terrible would happen――,

Subaru: [――That.]

Medium: [Subaru-chin?]

As he pondered over this and that, Subaru blinked his eyes as he felt something strange. Noticing this, Medium looked into his face.

But he didn’t have the time to answer her call. He had to find out just what he’d caught on just now, such was his impatience. He needed to get to the bottom of it.

What he was worried about was Taritta, doing her best. ――No, not Taritta herself, but the people who were facing Taritta, the scary hundred people who were after Subaru and the others.

He watched from a distance as the hundred of them fought Taritta. There was something strange about it. It was probably――,

Al: [Thing is! I don’t understand if it’s really the Soul Marriage Technique, or if the enemy’s Yorna-neechan or not, or if Old Man Olbart’s lying or not, I just don’t get anything anymore!]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Subaru was surprised to see Al barking at him, while violently scratching his own neck. However, Al did not seem to notice Subaru’s surprise and kicked the wall impatiently.

Al had been getting less and less composed at an alarming pace. His original posture of being like an aloof willow branch that could take anything in stride seemed to be an illusion.

And Al, in his frustration, continued to pester Abel,

Al: [What are you gonna do, Abel-chan? I can’t keep going along if it’s gonna continue like this, y’know. I’m telling you, I got bigger priorities than getting you back on your seat. So…]

Abel: [What you wish interests me not. But there is a method to be certain of it.]

Al: [Be certain of what?]

Abel: [Of whether their strength is due to the Soul Marriage Technique.]

Pointing towards the exit of the alleyway, Abel declared so to Al, who pressed him for an answer.

Outside in the darkness, the sounds of people passing by, footsteps, and talking could be heard from the street. However, it didn’t mean that any of those people had noticed and were looking in.

Just the hustle and bustle, that was all there was.

Subaru: [The street? What are we supposed…]

Abel: [Pick one passerby at random, and harm them. Then we can ascertain if Yorna Mishigure’s Soul Marriage Technique envelops everyone in the city or not.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [If the wound heals, then they are under the influence of the Soul Marriage Technique. If they remain wounded or lose their life, they are outside the influence of the technique―― Meaning, the assumption they are a user of the Soul Marriage Technique can be dismissed as incorrect.]

Abel continued nonchalantly, pointing to the street.

The content of the speech was so disturbing and outlandish that Subaru could not say anything. His brain was numb, he had given up even thinking.

No one would take such a stupid theory seriously――,

Al: [I see… But there’s also the pattern of inhabitants not being eligible, just like us. What if we drew one of them?]

Abel: [You can tell the difference between a resident and an outsider by looking at their footwear. Of course, it is possible that only those surrounding the outside of the inn are under the influence of the Soul Marriage Technique. If such is the case, it shall be proof that Yorna Mishigure has consciously set her sights on us.]

Subaru got that Abel was nodding as if saying that either way they would gain information, as well as Al sinking into silence, as if to say there was still room for more consideration.

That discussion was difficult for Subaru to understand because it was based on complicated logic. However, even amidst the incomprehensible discussion, there were things that he understood.

That was, if things continued like that, someone was going to get hurt.

Subaru: [But that’s just――]

Abel: [――If you reject it, then what? Try presenting an alternative.]

Subaru: […Hk.]

Abel looked down on Subaru as he anticipated him trying to retort out of reflex.

After feeling that his thoughts were being read, and that he had been called foolish, Subaru’s face grew hot. But he couldn’t be silenced. He didn’t want to just shut up and back down.

Subaru: [Y-you don’t have to hurt anyone else, there are other ways…]

Abel: [If you have one, say it. If it is something that merits consideration, I shall listen. ――Although it would be unreasonable to expect that from you, presently.]

Subaru: [Well, that’s!]

Abel: [――You are particularly afraid of sacrifices.]

As if cutting through him, a ruthless voice pierced Subaru as he was getting worked up.

Feeling a pain like that of having been shot through, Subaru gritted his teeth and looked down.

Sacrifice, someone getting hurt or dying.

The less people died or were hurt, the better. This was a matter of course for allies, but he felt the same for enemies. The reason why Subaru thought so was because he was weak, naive and immature.

Subaru: [But why’s that a problem?]

Abel: [That is not a repudiation. It is merely a fact. If you are to obtain what you desire, you shall require either ingenuity or strength. If you lack those, you must compromise by cutting back on the desired results. Such is what occurred with the process and the results brought about by the bloodless siege you spoke of.]

Subaru: [――――]

Abel: [If you want neither deaths nor wounded, you must possess the ability to bring about that result. ――If you truly desire it, it would be a contradiction to refuse to pay the toll.]

Subaru’s cheeks stiffened, his eyes blinked.

Abel’s intentions were unclear. However, the black eyes looking through the oni mask were fixed on Subaru, attempting to find out the true intentions behind Subaru’s eyes, which had an incomparably weak light in them.

I don’t understand. I don’t understand. I don’t understand.

Really, I don’t understand. What was that supposed to mean, Subaru not willing to pay the toll. Subaru was trying his utmost to use his good-for-nothing brain to think, but nothing came out.

With his short limbs and small lungs, he could not jump or leap as well as Taritta. The whip he had brought with him was too thick and heavy for him to handle.

Still, if he didn’t want anyone to get hurt, he should――,

Subaru: [――If that’s how it is, it’d be better if only I get hurt!]

His head a mess, Subaru shouted at Abel.

He knew very well he wasn’t strong enough and that he didn’t think things through. But that was a problem that had always existed, even before Subaru had become small.

Something hot came up from behind his closed eyes.

Before that could clearly turn into tears, Subaru turned his back and started running away.

Al: [Bro!?]

Medium: [Subaru-chin!]

Al and Medium let out a scream at the sudden movement.

However, not stopping at the calls of those two, Subaru threw himself out of the alleyway and into the street.

He didn’t want anyone to get hurt. He didn’t want them to die.

Subaru lacked both the ability and the smarts necessary for that. If something was to be traded to make up for what was missing, it was Subaru himself.

He would find it out. He would bring back information that could change the situation with him at the moment he got himself back.

For that reason――,

Subaru: [Come on! I’m here!]

Subaru ran out into the street, arms raised, shouting at the top of his lungs.

A high-pitched child’s voice drowned out the noise of the street, drawing the attention of those surprised. Being noticed by a number of wide-open eyes, Subaru felt a pain that made his heart shrink.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Only after having done so, would someone regret doing something prematurely.

The eyes of the people around him, looking at a child doing something stupid, made him feel a sudden sense of shame and fear. With that, Subaru held his breath and thought about going back to the alley.

???: [Wait.]

Someone grabbed Subaru’s arm as the latter stepped on the ground in a hurry.

His shoulders hitching, Subaru turned around; a short figure was grabbing his arm. It was a short boy with short, curly hair dressed in simple light clothing―― no, his hair was not kept short, it only looked short because of the tight curls at its end.

Subaru’s eyes widened at the appearance of the boy, who looked about the same age as Subaru currently was. He then tried to open his mouth to ask why he had stopped him,

Boy: [Sorry.]

――The next moment, Subaru was flung away by the boy with a burning right eye.

Subaru: [——Eh?]

Overwhelmed by his spinning vision, Subaru had no idea what had happened.

The boy had suddenly thrown Subaru away. With a single upward movement of his arm, he had very easily thrown him into the air.

Subaru: [W-wahhh——!?]

He had run out into the street with enthusiasm so that no one aside from him would get hurt.

And yet, rather than immediately regretting it and attempting to turn back, he was instead flung aside screaming without even managing to flee.

Why, how, those questions bounced around in his head, and he felt as if his insides were being wrung.

The ones who had been fighting Taritta had the same burning eyes as the boy. If that was the effect of Soul Marriage Abel had told him about, then Yorna had given him a portion of her power. To confirm this, he had jumped out, saying he would sacrifice himself.

All this was incomprehensible to Subaru, who was spinning and falling into the blue sky.

It was an apparent miracle that his body spinning with unusual force had not hit any of the surrounding buildings or decorations. Subaru didn’t even know if the boy hadn’t aimed him at anything.

However, Subaru was afraid of the obstacles that were passing by the edge of his vision at an incredible speed, so he fell into the blue sky, praying desperately that he wouldn’t hit anything―― and then he suddenly stopped.

Slowly, Subaru’s thrown body reached maximum height, and was now falling headfirst towards the ground.

Subaru: [Ahhhhh――!]

The voice of the one who had left the ground now echoed, as it approached the ground again.

He didn’t know how high he’d reached, but he had to brace himself. But he couldn’t remember how to. In the first place, would he be able to manage to brace himself when falling from such a high place? Would he fall to the ground, and die with his whole body broken into pieces, his head crushed, his neck broken――.

――”Death” seemed to be close at hand again.

Medium: [Al-chin!]

Al: [Gotcha!]

Shortly after, mixed in with Subaru’s own screams, he heard familiar strained voices.

And just like that, the sound of something stretched being slashed and the sound of several long, thin objects falling down came together, and without knowing what they were, Subaru’s body hit the ground―― Before that, he was caught.

Subaru: [Wah, wahhh, wahhhhh… Wagh!]

A soft sensation caught him, but his momentum couldn’t be stopped, and Subaru’s body fell on the softness with quite a bit of force. Once he reached the edge of that soft sensation, his thrown body rolled on the hard ground, causing a moan and the taste of sand to spread in his mouth.

His body ached everywhere. But――,

Subaru: [I’m, alive?]

At the fact that he had not died, Subaru let out a dumbfounded voice.

Once he managed to pull himself up, he finally realized what had happened. ――Al and Medium had saved Subaru with their quick thinking.

In order to catch Subaru as he was falling from the sky, they had jumped on a tent of a food stall on the street, detached its anchor and stretched it to make an improvised cushion.

Thanks to that, Subaru had not slammed into the ground, and his life had been saved.

However――,

Medium: [Ah, ouchhhhh…]

Al: [Ahgh…]

The two people who had worked so hard to catch Subaru were not safe.

Subaru: [Ah, Al! Medium-san!]

As Subaru pulled himself up, within his field of vision were two figures lying in the street.

Of course, Al and Medium, influenced by the “infantilization”, could not perform like they usually would. They had set up a tent to catch the falling Subaru, and had been blown away by the crash.

And the bad news continued on――,

Boy: [I was hoping that that would have been the end of it…]

The boy who had thrown Subaru away contorted his face in pain, as he said that.

Surveying Subaru, and then Al and Medium, also collapsed, he covered his face with his palms in anguish. ――Unable to completely cover them, the flame was still present in his right eye.

Subaru: [Y, ou…]

Boy: [It’s necessary. Because this city… Because we cannot lose her.]

Subaru: [――?]

Managing to pull himself up, he drew the boy’s attention to himself.

Though determined not to let him lay his hands on Al or Medium―― The boy’s answer was outside of Subaru’s imagination and far from his understanding.

It was just that the boy was desperate. And there was something else that made Subaru’s heart sway.

Subaru: [You too…]

It was the same thing that had stuck with him when he had been struggling to think in the alley.

While Taritta was fighting to help Subaru and the others escape, the faces of those facing her, with one eye burning――,

――They all seemed to have the same pained look on their faces as the boy did.

Boy: [I’m sorry. I’m not going to ask you to forgive me.]

Shaking his head, the boy slowly stepped in front of Subaru, erasing any trace of hesitation in his eyes and his expression.

Even if he tried to crawl back in an attempt to escape, he could not. His legs wouldn’t move.

So he at least stared at the boy’s face, trying not to look away, and noticed something.

There was something nicely peeking out of the side of the boy’s head, from his curly hair―― a small horn.

Seeing his white curly hair and horns, he thought he looked out of place, looked like a sheep.

After that, the boy with the burning eyes gave a large swing of his hand――,

Subaru: [――――]

Frowning and keeping his eyes open, Subaru watched, trying not to miss the boy’s actions.

???: [Uuu――!!]

A blonde girl cut in front of Subaru, and, with a dull sound and the scattering of red blood, she was sent flying, whirling around much like a leaf.

Translation notes:

[1] Tabi are traditional split-toed Japanese socks meant to be worn with footwear like zori .

[2] An initialism of the Latin phrase “quot erat demonstradum”. Usually, the abbreviation is placed at the end of mathematical proofs and philosophical arguments, to indicate that the proof or argument is complete.

--- Chapter 47: Unperishing ■■ ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By :

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Louis: [――~hk.]

Twirling and swirling, a petite frame whirled into the air with a feeble shriek.

The young girl slowly sprung from the ground, her momentum refusing to diminish, as she bounded a number of times towards the street’s edge. Colliding with the frame of the tent whose fabric had come undone, the lurched material crushed the young girl’s body beneath itself with a shrill note.

Subaru witnessed this spectacle, voicelessly.

He could not make excuses such as not being able to comprehend what had occurred in a matter of moments.

Even if it was true that he had not had the time to even stretch his hand out, all of what had transpired in a matter of moments had been definitely captured by these black pupils of his.

His mind utterly boggled, he sprinted towards the hazardous street devoid of thought.

As per usual, he was spotted by the enemy and posed with danger, when Al and Medium sustained wounds in order to save Subaru, and at the same pace――,

Subaru: [……Louis.]

Louis, who had stood before Subaru and shielded him with both her arms spread open, had been strummed like a gum ball.

The one responsible was the young sheepman, horns growing amidst his white hair. His arms were slender, not too different from Subaru’s, but had thrown Subaru up to nearly ten meters in the air.

Louis had directly intercepted a single swing of the young boy’s arm, subsequently getting blown away. He had noticed her blood scattering, so he could not possibly reckon she was unharmed.

Sheepboy: [Sorry.]

Subaru’s eyes shadowed Louis who was buried beneath the tent’s wreckage. His eardrums quivered due to the enfeebled apology, and reflected in Subaru’s wavering field of vision was the figure of the young boy, arms upraised once again.

He couldn’t do anything so adroit as to dodge.

To begin with, Subaru’s own limbs had been mangled due to falling from a tall height, so he wasn’t even able to move his body properly.

Therefore, despite Louis defending him and everything, he rendered it futile as well――,

Medium: [――Subaru-chin!!]

Subaru: [Ah.]

Medium: [Stand!!]

A shadow leapt towards him with astonishing momentum and hammered her fair legs into the young boy’s shoulders.

As the young boy stepped back, his expression one of surprise, the one to have cut into that locus was Medium, her long golden hair fluttering. Her face tinged with a shade of red, she accosted Subaru to stand up.

To Subaru, who had tumbled to the ground, rattling and trembling.

Medium: [Take care of Louis-chan!]

Yet, with no encouragement or consolation, Medium spoke to Subaru, and broke into a sprint.

Wielding the sole sword she had with both of her arms, with movements utterly separate from cool ones that appeared to be a dance, yet with all of her life, she attempted to pursue the young boy.

The young boy too put on a strong expression, seemingly surprised by her spirit rather than her strength.

Subaru: [Ghu, uuu……!]

Whilst Medium persevered, Subaru used his now trembling limbs and did his best to stand up. Afterwards, he dashed towards the tent beneath which Louis was crushed.

Removing the parts of the collapsed structure one by one, he attempted to recover Louis who was trapped beneath the wreckage.

Subaru: [Louis, Louis! A-Are you alive! Hey, Louis!]

Desperately calling, Subaru once again felt warmth well up within his eyes.

That bothersome warmth seemed to have been eagerly awaiting its time to come forth from the interior of Subaru’s countenance since earlier. Ignoring it, hurrying and hastening, he cleared away the scraps.

And――,

Louis: [……Uu.]

Subaru: [Louis!]

A frail groan resounded, and Subaru discovered Louis’s form, sullied by dust and debris.

Having gotten buried beneath the broken tent, Louis rolled up within the space created by the fallen brace, and barely managed to not get pulverized underneath.

That was relieving. But immense anxiety instantly followed his relief.

Subaru: [I can’t, move this……]

The fallen brace was about as thick as Subaru’s torso, refusing to move whether pushed or pulled. Even via the use of the『Principle of Leverage』, he couldn’t find a befitting weight as balance.

And whilst searching for a way to haul Louis out, he came upon something else.

――What was oozily sullying Louis’s white robes was not dust, but blots of red.

Subaru: [……Ah.]

Struck with terror, his limbs turned cold and thoughts froze.

This was what it meant to be deadened. It wasn’t as though he had shed any blood, but he had no clue where the blood flowing within him had gone. Shouldn’t a different spot be warmed by flowing blood.

However, solely his heartbeats, were loud enough to seem as though his heart would detonate.

Louis: [Aaa……]

Still leaking frail groans, the red blots on Louis’s robes spread.

His cold limbs unmoving, rather than assuming effort to remove the debris, he could not even comfort her by doing his best to remove it.

Subaru: [Louis, Louis……]

He continued to call Louis’s name, using his quivering voice.

His voice cracked, and he failed to do even this decently. His tongue went numb―― no, Subaru’s heart, was callously rejecting calling her name.

Come to think of it, Subaru had kept even calling Louis’s name to a minimum.

Ever since he had been hurled from the colossal Tower along with Rem, he had always placed Louis beside him. Subaru had always been vigilant towards her, shunned her, maltreated her.

Yet, never even once had Louis done anything harmful or oppressive towards Subaru.

He did not wish for Rem to despise him. He did not wish for his surroundings to dread him.

Fearing these things, Subaru had always refused to come in contact with Louis, and always ultimately deferred deciding what to do with Louis.

Why did he fear Louis so much.

His benumbed brain, his chilly limbs, his parched tongue, his heart verging onto erupting, did not let him understand.

He couldn’t remember very well, what Louis had done to him.

It seemed his memories had been befogged, in these moments, he was unable to open the drawer of reminiscences.

However, there was one thing clear to him, without needing to open that drawer.

That Louis had shed blood attempting to shield Subaru.

――That alone was a truth he could not forget, could not avert his eyes from.

Subaru: [Don’t, die……]

Louis: [――――]

Subaru: [Don’t die, Louis! You can’t, you can’t die……! You can’t……!]

Pushing his now small body into the brace’s gaps, Subaru knelt beside Louis.

Instead of then hauling Louis out, he simply and unavailingly vocalised. Taking Louis’s hand, gripping it tight with both of his palms, he desperately articulated whilst imbuing it with a prayer.

Subaru: [Please don’t die……!]

Forgetting to even search for something he could do to prevent her from dying, he voiced an absurd wish.

To this trembling voice of Subaru’s, Louis’s eyelids faintly opened, and――,

Louis: [――Ua, uu.]

A weak voice escaped her, as the young girl’s pupils regained faint strength.

△▼△▼△▼△

Medium: [Hiya~a~a~a ~hk!]

Waving a single one of her dual swords she had gripped both of her hands, Medium opposed the young boy before her.

Whilst putting up a strong act, the young sheepman, however, easily blocked Medium’s strike with his hoisted arm. ――Verbatim, intercepted the blade with his arm, and repelled it.

Medium: [A~rgh, so solid! I can’t cut through at all! So unfair!]

Since earlier, Medium had been slashing with her sword with the entirety of her might, only to be thwarted by the young boy’s burly body on each instance.

His skin, his hair, his fingers, his head, all parts of him were so solid that she had been completely brought to her knees.

Him not sustaining any attacks was also a problem, but aside from that――,

Sheepman: [――~hk!]

Medium: [Dangerous!!]

The young boy’s violently swung arm grazed past Medium and crashed into the ground, feeling tremors coming from the ground, a hole larger than the hammered arm was opened in the ground.

The stupendousness of the young boy’s attack power also made her dizzy. The reason why Medium managed to avoid getting wholly smote by the attack was thanks to the interlude in the young boy’s movements.

Medium: [Extremely sturdy, seems very powerful too, but his techniques are poor!]

It was as though he was a newborn who had taken birth into a large body, Medium pondered.

She had never seen a newborn who had taken birth into a large body, so she only contemplated what she sensed yet felt that annotation to be perfectly suited.

For now, all she had to do was to spar with that newborn, but――,

Medium: [I need to hurry up, or others will gather here too……]

Attaining a flavor of mud upon licking her lips, Medium was scorched with the impatience to not overstay.

They had coincidentally dashed to a street with not many pursuers, but if they continued to be uproarious they would get immediately noticed and the young boy’s allies would assuredly all gather at this place.

If people bigger than the young boy or people with a good grasp on techniques were to arrive, then she may not be capable of crossing swords anymore.

Had she not been alone, then she could’ve at least had a plan of action, and yet.

Medium: [Al-chin! Are you listening, Al-chin!]

Medium raised her voice, whilst leaping and bouncing to the young boy’s large swings.

Medium was desperately calling for the veiled young boy crouched at the edge of her sight―― no, for Al. On one hand, he was a child, in a condition that handling weapons was far worse for him than Medium, but she wished to rely on the possibility that the ways to counter dangerous situations were more than just herself.

Al: [――――]

However, he did not respond to Medium’s implores.

It wasn’t as though he had hit his head and fainted when he got blown off, either. Al was conscious, and once had attempted to sincerely assist in combat.

At present, he had abruptly halted his feet and had knelt down, crestfallen.

Remaining crouched, Al was obstinately staring down upon his right hand through his veil――,

Al: [……Wh, y?]

He whispered with a shudder.

As though he had let go of, or had lost what he was supposed to have kept within his hand’s grasp.

Medium: [Al-chin……!]

Gazing sidelong at Al who forbore to stand, diffidence was inserted within Medium’s innermost mind.

Those very moments, strength waned from her hands wielding a weapon, and Medium powerfully gritted her teeth.

――This is how it’s always been.

Once Medium’s own feelings withered, so did the strength in her body companionably. Therefore, Medium always conducted herself as positive, loud, upright.

If her feelings were bright and lively, then Medium could work to her best efforts. The reason why her older brother Flop was always cheering her on with a “Do your best!” was to push her on and support her as well.

However, Flop was not here. Nor anyone who would tell her to do her best.

Everyone had their hands full with their own problems, and Medium had also become small, hence she was unable to wield anything more than one sword, and was on the verge of losing to a tiny boy.

???: [――There they are!!]

Medium: [Ah.]

A voice echoed, further augmenting Medium’s diffidence.

As she dodged the young boy’s waved arm and shifted her positions, Medium widened her eyes. What was reflected within her vision, from the opposite side of the street, appeared enemy reinforcements with flames harboured in one eye.

The ferociously rushing men drew near Al’s rear, who was knelt down. Even if she were to instantaneously rush towards that direction, she must evade the young boy in-between.

――I won’t make it. They’ll die. Al-chin, Subaru-chin, Louis-chan, they all will.

Everyone will die.

Verging on dropping the sword she grasped, Medium desperately called for her older brother within her mind.

If only she once more had her older brother’s voice, cheers, support.

However, the new troops approaching Al were far swifter than the reach of illusionary encouragement.

Al’s small body, was mutilated by the hand stretching from behind――,

???: [――Will you yet not move, fool.]

Before those sharp claws could reach Al, a leg stretching from the side kicked his shoulder away. Al’s body toppled sideways, narrowly eluding the attack seeking to gouge his spine out.

And, the one to have undertaken this violent counteraction was a man with his face concealed by an oni mask.

Medium: [Abel-chin?]

His name spilled from her mouth, gaping wide in wonder, and Abel’s senses turned towards her for a brief moment.

Feeling the heat of exchanging a glance in spite of the mask, Medium’s shoulders slightly slumped. Abel, who had left it to Medium and the others to confront the young boy, now stepped forth into the battlefield himself.

He couldn’t stand onlooking anymore, she might get scolded with these words.

She disliked being scolded.

On copious instances in the past she had been scolded and hit. All the more when despite her small stature, Medium used to eat a lot. Getting hit, getting scolded, repeat.

Hence, upon gauging she would get scolded, her body curled up――,

Abel: [Medium.]

Her name called, Medium slumped, dreading the reprimand that followed.

However, Abel ignored her fright, and resumed.

Saying――,

Abel: [――Brace yourself.]

Medium: [――――]

A brusque tone, dilating her eyes to the voice that quaked her eardrums, Medium powerfully grit her now-small teeth. Gritting, distorting her cheeks, making her gold hair flit.

Medium: [Mhm! I’ll do my best――!!]

Her back pushed by force surging to a nearly fictitious extent, Medium smote the young boy before her.

The young boy stepped back, startled by that attack, and she chased him, striking his chin up with her sword’s ridge bounding from below and kicked his defenseless build, trampling his stretched knees, and struck an identical kick to his head.

With Medium suddenly turning the tide, the young boy became one-sidedly defensive.

Whilst judging this to be akin to bullying, Medium brandished her fist and pounded again and again. In the midst of her punches, a voice was resurrected within her mind.

― ―That’s right. Paying ‘em back twice the fold of what they gave you feels pretty great, right!

Those were the words of the benefactor who had rescued Medium and Flop out of harrowing circumstances.

The benefactor who taught her how to fight, how to live; recalling those words, Medium smiled.

Smiling, she thought “It doesn’t feel good to hit someone much either~!”.

Medium: [Hiya~a~a~a!]

Thinking so, she thwacked a sweep of all her strength into the young boy’s head, and his small body was blown off.

An attack that normally beheaded from the side, was nothing more than a strike for the sturdy young boy. Even so, somehow finishing him off alone, she must head to assist Al and Abel――,

???: [You spunky little……!]

Medium: [Auh! Oh no!]

Excessively concentrating on her battle against the young boy, she neglected having caution towards the opponent who drew from behind.

Her hair violently grabbed, Medium’s body was swiftly lifted. Feet suspended in the air, she failed to counterattack at once.

Medium: [Ugh~! A~h, enough!]

Lurching her legs, tearing up from the pain of her hair being pulled, Medium looked back to see the one carrying her was a rhinoman giant larger than Medium’s unshrunk body.

Skin and flesh thicker than that of the young boy, Medium’s kicks amounted to nothing for him.

Medium: [Sorry! I can’t escape!]

Writhing and struggling, Medium inclined her head and earnestly hollered.

Upon looking, the kicked Al remained collapsed on the street’s ground and the one responsible, Abel, had been surrounded by the arrived reinforcements and cornered to a wall.

Medium too was aware it would be impossible for the delicate Abel to finish them all off.

Thus――,

Medium: [Abel-chin! Take Al-chin and run away!]

She wished for them to somehow aptly create a window and escape.

Upon Medium’s desperate voice, the men surrounding Abel clogged the escape route as to block his line of sight. With that, one of the men―― a middle aged oxman, approached Abel.

Oxman: [I’m sorry but we can’t let you escape. Right here, you all will……]

Abel: [――You are an oxman, the one earlier was a sheepman.]

Oxman: [What?]

Abel: [The ones surrounding the inn were all horned as well…… anyone can comprehend upon grasping the conditions until now. It is the horned races that are aiming for us.]

No fright saturated Abel’s voice, who was surrounded and supposedly posed with a predicament. Rather, words transmitted from his overbearing conduct despite being surrounded perturbed the men.

――No, what was perturbing for them was not Abel’s brazen attitude alone, but his remark itself as well.

Medium: [Ho, rned……]

Articulating so, Medium shifted her eyes and gazed at the rhinoman who clutched her hair.

The gigantic rhinoman’s focus too was concentrated on Abel’s comment just now. She discerned the presence of a single, stocky horn above the rhinoman’s large nose.

Now that it was pointed out, she recalled the young sheepman from earlier as well as the multitude of people Taritta had lured back at the inn, all had horns as well.

Medium: [But, what about it!]

Abel: [Fool. ――Is that not the principal root of this situation.]

Medium: [Huh?]

Abel replied, as though having heard Medium’s outcry.

However, Medium could not see him from her side, and despite being told that was the reason, she failed to comprehend any of its significance. Rather than properly explaining such that she could understand, she wished for him to resume without her grasp on the matter. If not, at this rate――,

Abel: [――You can try.]

Oxman: [Eh?]

That was not a response to the outcry of Medium’s heart.

For certain, those words, enounced with such solemnity, had been asserted whilst he glared at the oxman standing at the vanguard of the men surrounding him.

The oxman widened his eyes and fixedly glared back at Abel. To the oxman’s reaction, Abel once again resumed.

Abel: [You can try, whether you can kill me.]

Oxman: [……Will there be anything difficult about chopping your slender neck?]

The man’s left eye flared scarlet as he stomped on the ground.

Even without the effects of Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique, it would be a simple matter for the man’s bulky arm to shatter Abel’s neck.

And, the resolve to kill necessary for fracturing his neck, had already been attained by the men.

Heedless, Abel intrepidly crossed his arms, and pierced the opponent through the black pupils of his oni mask――,

Abel: [The answer to whether it is easy or not, lies ahead of action. Thus, you can try. If you have that caliber, flames shall extol you. However――]

Oxman: [H-However?]

Abel: [If you lack that caliber, flames shall scorch even your soul. ――Now, what will you act upon.]

Oxman: [――――]

So asserted Abel, hands crossed, whilst the oxman drowned in silence.

He was losing the psychological battle against the insouciantly standing slender man before his eyes. Of course, it would be the man’s victory beyond a smidgen of doubt when it came down to brute force. Yet, what was the deal with his composed attitude.

Was the answer to that not conceived within the seemingly deceptive words avowed just now.

Abel: [You can try. ――Whether you can surpass the flames named judgement.]

Oxman: [Gh, ugh, u~u~gh……!]

The pressed man quivered his bulky throat and groaned. The man was covered in copious sweat, tension straining his entire body, and not even his comrades reached out to him.

From the point of having seen Abel’s eyes, they had been taken off the stage.

The qualification to respond to Abel’s speech lay only with the man standing before him and nobody else.

A grating note of gnashed teeth echoed, echoed, echoed――,

Oxman: [Agh, A~a~a~argh!!]

With a note of cracking gritted teeth, the man raised both of his arms as though pressed by that ache.

An attack that, rather than breaking his neck, sought to crush Abel’s body and life altogether. With a blow from the man’s arms, thick like a log, Abel’s slender frame would get smashed to a pulp.

Medium floundered in an attempt to escape her constraints, but to absolutely no avail.

Al remained collapsed, paying no heed to Abel’s predicament either.

And Subaru and Louis as well were――,

Medium: [――Eh?]

Louis had been buried under the collapsed tent, and Subaru subsequently rushed to rescue her. She could see Subaru crawl into the wreckage, and clasp Louis’s hand.

Seeing, the buried Louis faintly move, and――,

――The next instant, the two’s form abruptly vanished from underneath the tent.

Louis: [Uu!]

That juncture, the vanished Louis shot through from directly below the oxman’s chin, who had both his arms upraised.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru seemed to be unknowing of what had occurred.

He had clung to Louis, who had gotten buried under the tent, slowly shedding blood. And struck her with arbitrary words, telling her to not die rather than comforting or rescuing her.

Subaru thought she had moved upon those words, and on the immediately subsequent instant.

Subaru’s field of vision altered, as he tasted a sensation of the world being overturned.

Subaru: [Uh, egh.]

Not anything like extreme speed or halting time.

Subaru had truly been moved to a separate location in the blink of an eye.

That too――,

Abel: [You……]

Abel uttered so, his breath halting ever-so-slightly upon Subaru’s arrival before his eyes.

Abel leisurely reclined his spine on the wall, arms crossed; by his being and the presence of the men surrounding their environs, Subaru verged on falling to his feet out of stupefaction.

His tears that had welled up out of disquietude for Louis now retracted, occluding his throat.

And when it came to Louis, who had eluded his mind due to this sudden phenomenon――,

Louis: [Aa, uu!]

Oxman: [Goagh!?]

Twirling her body, Louis pranced into the space between the men with the movement and agility of a pinball, striking the vitals of all, such as the head, torso and knees, compelling them to withdraw.

Distending their eyes to her ability and might, the men all simultaneously leaned backward and gaped.

And during the interval opened by the men’s astonishment and anguish, Louis mobilized herself onto the subsequent action.

Louis: [Uaau.]

Crossing the gap between the men, Louis escaped their encirclement. Her limbs on the ground like an animal, she pulled the ground from both of her hands as is and pared its surface.

An act like that of violently pulling a carpet spread on the floor―― of course, a carpet couldn’t possibly be spread atop a street in the middle of a town. However, it seemed like the ground shifted.

The men consequently all lost their balance, and tumbled on the spot.

???: [Wha!? What’s, this kid……!]

Louis: [Au! Auau!]

???: [Shithead!]

Amidst the disbalanced men, solely a young deerman narrowly managed to stand firm, smacked his lips and then broke into a sprint in an attempt to seize Louis. Louis threw the ground’s surface she had pared mere moments ago at the young man. The moment the young man immediately scythed it aside with his arm, the ground frictionlessly returned to its former state.

In other words, became a wall of earth accompanied by befitting mass and texture.

Deerman: [Bugah!?]

Colliding head-on with the wall of earth, the young man inclined backwards after getting a taste of the counterattack.

Subsequently tearing down the ruptured wall of earth, Louis flew outwards and her soles captured the young man’s visage, the young man this time for certain toppled over with a bleeding nose.

???: [You little!]

Louis: [Uaau!]

Uprighting themselves with a delay, the men went over the young man’s fallen body and drew closer to Louis. However, the moment their fingers reached her, Louis erased her form yet again like an illusion.

The following instant, the young girl appeared atop a wall about two meters above, and pulled the wall’s surface identical to what she had done with the ground earlier, and proceeded to return it back.

The wall’s surface came detached together with its mass and solidity, and rained upon the men.

???: [A~a~a~a~argh――!!]

Shrieks and bellows reverberated through the street, as the men endowed with immense strength were made sport of by Louis alone.

Subaru viewed this spectacle, slumped and stupefied.

Subaru: [L-Louis, that’s……]

Raising his arm with a trembling voice, Subaru cowered in terror towards the nightmarish spectacle transpiring before his eyes.

Nightmare, yes, a nightmare. This was, beyond a shadow of the doubt, the nightmare Subaru had feared.

Paring off the ground and wall per her will, teleporting short distances in the blink of an eye, demonstrating combat power on par with rare martial artists, Louis thrashed the men from next to next.

It was evident that was not transcendental might which the young girl possessed by birth―― no, Natsuki Subaru was au fait with all up to even that power’s origin.

That was, that was, that was the power that mustn’t be, the ■■ that must perish――.

Abel: [I had reckoned she was no mere girl, I understand now.]

Subaru: [Eh……?]

Beside Subaru, who was yet cowering and capable of naught but watching the circumstance in a daze, so muttered Abel.

As he murmured whilst watching the same scene, Subaru’s eyes wavered, unknowing of his true intent. Keeping Subaru’s state by the edge of his sight, Abel pointed forward, towards Louis who was one-sidedly thrashing their pursuers,

Abel: [So this is the reason why you had that girl accompany you around.]

Subaru: [Y-you’re wro……]

He instantly sought to snarl at him in repudiation.

However, if he were to then be asked why he had Louis accompany him around, then he would fail to provide any answer. That was how it had been so far, and that was how it would be now as well.

Rhinoman: [Stop! You better listen or this girl will be―― gah!?]

Louis: [Auau!]

Beholding this, the rhinoman raised his voice in an attempt to halt the collapse of his comrades.

He attempted to take Medium, who was clutched within his gigantic arm, as a hostage but Louis’s attack reached him before he could communicate his threat.

Louis warped for a few meters in distance, and knocked the man’s head from both sides using both her arms with all her strength. His ears pounded by her palms, his eyes whirled and went white as he crumbled.

Medium: [Wah kya~h…… L-Louis-chan?]

Louis: [Aaauuu.]

Suddenly released, Medium tumbled to the ground as Louis jumped before her. Patting Louis’s head, she surveyed the environs, staggered.

Within Medium’s vision, all those who had gathered on the street were lying on the ground, collapsed.

Louis, all by herself, had trounced greater than ten enemies.

Abel: [Yours and the clown’s true nature has been exposed. Well, it is no trouble.]

Subaru: [T-this makes no sense…… What the heck’s going on!]

Abel: [Do not create a racket. It shall lure the other men. You go and pick up the clown.]

Abel jerked his chin, devoid of emotion towards having escaped his predicament, and gave his command.

Ahead of where he denoted was an immobile Al crouched on the ground. Fearing if he had sustained a terrible injury whilst they were not looking, Subaru hurriedly rushed to him.

Subaru: [A-Al! Hey, are you alright! Are you wounded……]

Al: [……I’m not, alright.]

Subaru: [――! Are you wounded!? Where? We need to treat it immediately……]

Al: [That’s not what I’m saying!]

Subaru: [――~hk.]

Having rushed to his side, Subaru jolted Al’s shoulders, at whom he yelled with a potent voice. His head hanging low, he elevated his shivering hand and tightly clenched his right palm.

Al: [――Useless.]

Subaru: [……T-That’s not]

Al: [I’m useless. My present self’s, gonna die.]

Subaru: [――? What, does that]

Mean , Subaru attempted to ask Al, his voice quivering.

However, Subaru’s doubt was intercepted by a distressed voice reaching from behind.

Medium: [Abel-chin! You mustn’t do anything cruel!]

Abel: [Remain silent. There are things that must be enquired.]

Medium: [But still……]

Medium’s emotional voice, to whom answered Abel’s calm voice. Turning around, it was to the edge of the street that the two had headed, fallen there was a young sheepman―― the young boy who had thrown Subaru up in the air with all his might, when he had first arrived at this street.

The young boy awakened his body, a distinct terror on his countenance.

Understandable. He had not become smaller, but was a kid in accordance with his physicality. Having been utterly overwhelmed by adults, those adults surrounding him from all directions, and on top of that being looked down upon by a man masked with a devil’s visage, there was no way he would not feel terrified.

Abel would display no mercy to the horrified young boy.

Seizing Medium’s shoulder who attempted to stop him and compelling her to step back, Abel crouched before the young boy. The distance between their faces shortened, the flames ablaze in the fearful young boy’s eye clouded his vigour.

And, Abel ignored the fearful young boy’s attitude and hurled a question.

A question, concise and straightforward――,

Abel: [The mediator of horned races who devised this affair―― that girl who named herself Tanza, where is she hiding. Divulge it, swiftly.]

So he enquired.

--- Chapter 48: Purposes Entangling in the Demon City ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Focusing on the sheepboy, Subaru’s eyes widened at Abel’s relentless questioning.

That was because the name weaved from his mouth was a far too unexpected one.

Subaru: [That young girl, Tanza…?]

The image of a deergirl in a kimono popped up in Subaru’s bewildered mind.

What was striking about Yorna’s attendant, the girl who’d shown up at the castle tower the previous day, was that she was very composed and unsociable, even though she was still a child.

Abel was asserting that the girl had been the one to plan this.

Subaru: [T-that doesn’t make sense! Why’d she do that to us… Bwha!]

Louis: [Uau!]

Once he raised his voice to hear Abel’s thoughts, Subaru was shocked by an impact and flipped over. Looking over at it, Subaru saw a smiling Louis on his back.

In a tremendous rampage, Louis had knocked down nearly ten opponents in the blink of an eye. Involuntarily, Subaru gulped because of the innocent-looking girl.

――Louis’s strength, during her rampage, was unmistakably the same thing he had seen at the Tower of Sand.

That power was not originally Louis’s, but rather the very power stolen from someone else who had worked hard and honed it. In other words, she had used Gluttony’s――. [1]

Subaru: […G-get off of me.]

Louis: [Au?]

Subaru: [Get the heck off of me!]

Pushing the shoulder of the little girl on his chest, Subaru forcefully raised himself up. And so, his momentum caused Louis to fall onto her butt―― and then, coming into his view, was her stomach, covered in white fabric stained red.

Seeing that, he remembered that she was injured,

Subaru: [You’re wounded! We need to get you treated…!]

Louis: [Au! Aauu!]

In a hurry, he rolled up the girl’s clothes to check the injured area. But, because it felt ticklish to Louis, she lashed out, trying to resist by pushing Subaru’s face and neck.

Ignoring her resistance, he somehow managed to roll up her clothes and check the wound. He found no evident wounds, although there was a trace of oozing blood.

Subaru: [It’s healed…?]

Certainly, there were traces of bleeding but no wounds.

That stumped him completely, and then Louis violently pushed the dumbfounded Subaru’s chest with both hands. The answer to the question of what would happen if Louis struck Subaru for real, however, was demonstrated by the many figures lying on the street.

In any case――,

Abel: [――Answer me. Where is Tanza?]

While Subaru was making sure that Louis was okay, Abel’s interrogation continued.

The terrifying, high-pressure interview seemed to be working not only thanks to Abel’s gaze, but also due to Medium’s blade, as she was standing behind him as a threat. Even without the intention of doing anything, just standing behind Abel would have had an effect.

Indeed, as the boy looked between Abel and Medium in turn, he made a sound from his thin throat.

Sheepboy: [Ah…]

Abel: [This makes it the third time. Answer me. Do not presume that there shall be a fourth.]

It was a cruel tone of voice, so cold that it was as if it chilled Subaru to the bottom of his heart. Hearing that, the boy’s mouth twitched a few times, and then the fire returned to his eyes a little,

Sheepboy: [A-as if you don’t know! If it’s about where Tanza is, then you guys should…!]

Abel: [――――]

Sheepboy: [You guys’ve done something to Tanza… That’s why! We’ve attacked you because of that!]

Following that biting remark, the boy’s arms reached out to Abel in front of him.

With reckless disregard for his own safety, his fingertips tried to grab Abel’s throat and crush it. But before he could reach him, a small palm pressed down on the boy’s forehead, and――,

Louis: [Au!]

Just like that, the back of the boy’s head was slammed into the ground, causing him to faint.

Pitifully, a moan leaked out from the boy and he fainted. Rolling over, and he then let go of his consciousness.

Subaru: [L-Louis…]

Yet again, in the blink of an eye, Louis’s figure disappeared and reappeared elsewhere.

It was something she had demonstrated many times at the Tower of Sand, the short-distance warping used by Gluttony―― watching her mastery of it, Subaru felt as if his heart was going to break.

The fact that she still had that power meant that she was still Louis―― Louis Arneb.

The girl from that white world, who had separated Subaru from his heart, and tried to take away his soul completely.

After having mistakenly thought of his Return by Death ability as a blessing, she had dubbed Subaru as a monster.

Abel: [We need to find Olbart immediately.]

Without regard to the previous exchange that had nearly taken his life or, conversely, saved his life, Abel muttered while slowly standing up.

――Finding Olbart.

Subaru, of course, generally agreed with this approach.

Just, Subaru didn’t know why he had said that once again, at this moment. Plus, it came right after the boy had told them something about Tanza that made no sense.

Medium: [Al-chin, can you stand?]

Al: […Y-yeah.]

Sheathing her weapon, Medium reached out to Al, who was crouching.

Al, his face hidden by a cloth, answered in such a terribly somber voice that, even though Subaru could not make out his expression, he could imagine that he’d gone pale.

Shelving his concern for Al, Subaru finally brushed off the dirt from his butt and stood up. Then he turned his face upward towards Abel,

Subaru: [What did you mean by what you said just now?]

Abel: [What are you asking about?]

Subaru: [That…! That the Tanza girl’s the mastermind, but that we should try to find Olbart-san anyway, and all that stuff! You know what I mean!]

Abel: [Hmm.]

With a tiny snort, Abel touched the cheek of his oni mask in a mocking manner.

Partly out of impatience and partly out of frustration, that gesture really got on Subaru’s nerves. So, Subaru flew into a rage and, taking a nimble leap, ripped the oni mask off Abel’s face.

Then, with a face that had not been exposed in a long time, Abel looked down condescendingly towards Subaru with disapproval.

Abel: [What in the world are you doing?]

Subaru: [That’s what I want to ask you! Don’t just figure it all out by yourself, explain it to me properly! We’re comrades!] [2]

Abel: [――Comrades, you say?]

Subaru: [Uh…]

Subaru’s intensity rapidly decreased, being stared at directly by Abel’s true face.

Although he had called him “comrade” to his face, that expression might have offended Abel. To begin with, Subaru had some qualms about describing Abel as a “comrade”.

He regretted that he’d gone with the flow and spoken that. But he couldn’t voice that reflection, because it would be like apologizing.

Medium: [That’s right, Abel-chin. We’re comrades, so you have to explain it to us.]

Instead of Subaru, the one to speak was the one who’d made Al stand up, Medium.

Putting her hands on her hips, her entire small body was being used to protest against Abel. In response to her straightforward words, Abel’s dark eyes narrowed, and,

Abel: [The assassins at the inn and here, those people are all of horned races.]

Subaru: [Horned… You mean people with horns. And what’s with them?]

Abel: [――. The horned races have a history of persecution. Because the horns resemble those of Witchbeasts, they were shunned in the past.]

Subaru: [Oh…]

Abel’s indifferent narrative caused Subaru to widen his eyes.

Having horns, and a history of being persecuted because of it. ――Such prejudice was very close to Subaru’s heart, and therefore unforgivable.

Emilia had also been discriminated against in the past for similar reasons; because her physical characteristics and origin were similar to the Witch’s, many people had harbored hatred for her.

And demi-humans as well as those of the horned races dealt with a similar past.

Subaru: [But why would those people want to attack us? I know people’ve been scared of their horns, but I don’t get it.]

Abel: [You may be a young child, but you are still required to use your head a little. For those with a history of being persecuted for having horns, this city… The way things are in Chaosflame is their salvation.]

Subaru: [Salvation… that means a “safe haven”, right?]

Abel: [――Yorna Mishigure never lets go of what lies within her bosom. She has even revolted for the sake of one dead deergirl.]

Folding his arms, the Emperor, the target of the rebellion itself, spoke of the circumstances behind it.

The reason why Yorna, someone who had revolted many times in the past, had bared her fangs at the Emperor she served―― was for the sake of one single person.

What Subaru thought upon being told this, was――,

Subaru: [Then, she’s a good person…!]

Abel: [Fool. What a narrow, simple conclusion. ――Yorna Mishigure is a woman devoted to those who love her. And she holds no mercy towards those outside that circle.]

Medium: [Really~, but I think it’s normal to be kind to the people you like!]

Subaru: [I think so too.]

Agreeing with Medium’s and Subaru’s view, Louis raised her hands and voiced an “Au!”. Abel took one look at them with cold eyes, then let out a small sigh,

Abel: [What is paramount is the fact that the horned races, with their past history of being persecuted, have found peace in this city. And the existence of Yorna Mishigure is indispensable for maintaining that peace. In other words――]

Subaru: [In other words?]

Tilting his head, he waited for Abel to continue.

But for a moment, Abel looked at Subaru, his head still tilted, while gathering his words. Subaru did not understand the meaning of this, but Abel took several blinks’ worth of time before continuing.

Abel: [In other words, for those of the horned races, our presence is an intolerable enemy that shall rock the very ground on which they stand, as we seek the support of Yorna Mishigure for a full-scale rebellion against the Imperial Capital.]

Subaru: [Oh…]

After those words, Subaru finally understood the true meaning of the sheepboy’s words and actions.

At the time he grabbed Subaru’s arm as he ran out into the street and threw him, the boy had looked pained―― no, not only the boy, but all those who were attacking them looked pained.

Those were feelings of guilt for driving Subaru and the others away, and of fear that they would lose their place in the world. That was why the boy had apologized at the time he flung Subaru.

Subaru: [So these people have been putting in their utmost effort too…]

Abel: [Is that sympathy, or is it pity? Either way, you have no leeway for that. Don’t forget the fact that these people have turned their hostility against us. Everything that tries to live and everything alive, both possess their own circumstances.]

Medium: [Sheesh~, Abel-chin! The way you’re talking is awful! Also, I still don’t really get it, why did you ask these people about Tanza-chan? Plus, what about finding Gramps?]

Abel: […From the way they were talking earlier, it must be true that they are unaware of Tanza’s whereabouts. For some reason, they suspect that we have concealed her location from them. Why would that be?]

Subaru: [Why, that’s… For what reason?]

Looking down at the unconscious boy, Subaru racked his brains over Abel’s question.

Before Louis knocked him out, the boy had snapped at Abel for asking about Tanza’s whereabouts. To Subaru, it seemed like there were no lies in the boy’s attitude of fury.

So the boy, as well as his group, must have thought that Subaru’s group had done something to Tanza.

Subaru: [So that’s why they attacked us?]

Abel: [That is how it goes. But the fact that we have not harmed Tanza remains. Then where did that girl vanish off to? Moreover, where did the hundred-or-so people from the horned races appear from?]

Subaru: [From where? They were waiting outside, right?]

Abel: [On whose orders?]

And with that immediate response, Subaru was at a loss for words.

Letting his head work, he started to assemble a pillar of answers for Abel’s questions. But before it could be assembled properly,

Al: [――That lil’ miss must’ve instructed them in advance.]

And so, from behind, Al stole the answer.

He had been in a state of being unable to speak just a while before. Subaru turned his head to the direction from which his voice came, calling him out with “Al…”. Al’s mood seemed like it had not returned to its usual state.

Al: [Sorry, bro, for worrying you… Well, things haven’t gotten any better.]

Abel: [Your mood has yet to improve? That too must be the effect of Olbart’s technique.]

Al: […I don’t disagree with that. I’d love to talk about it, but we should finish what we were talking about first. So, let’s talk about Lil’ Miss Tanza.]

Waving his now-small hand, Al answered in a voice that consciously suppressed his emotion.

Al’s condition was worrisome, but he was right, they were in the middle of a conversation. ――It was certain that Tanza had gathered all the people outside in advance.

Subaru: [Uhhh, well, so you’re saying that Tanza gathered her horned comrades around the inn ahead of time and was planning on them attacking us? But, if that’s the case…]

Medium: [Where’d Tanza-chan go?]

The question with which Medium completed Subaru’s words was the answer that had not appeared in him just yet.

Tanza had appeared at the inn to deliver the instructions from Yorna, and should’ve gone straight back. Even though he could understand how she had arranged everything, the reaction of her comrades outside was weird.

At least, that Subaru’s group had done something to Tanza was what the sheepboy had believed.

Al: [So her comrades mustn’t have seen her safe and sound… No, they probably didn’t see her come out of the inn in the first place.]

Abel: [That too is reasonable. It could be that they did not attempt any radical measures until we left the inn, in light of the possibility that Tanza was inside talking to us.]

Medium: [But! Where’s Tanza-chan then――]

Medium, with wide eyes and her head in a state of turmoil, let out something resembling a scream.

However, Subaru could understand Abel’s thoughts once they were so carefully ordered. Perhaps, this was what Abel was thinking.

That was――,

Subaru: [That girl… If Tanza isn’t outside the inn, she’s hiding somewhere. ――And that means Olbart-san’s helping her!?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――To take back Tanza, a group of people belonging to horned races had attacked Subaru’s group.

However, since they had been waiting outside the inn since the start, they must’ve had a meeting beforehand on what they should do if something happened to Tanza.

And within that inn, the only possible conspirator for Tanza was――,

Abel: [――None other than Olbart Dunkelkenn.]

Al: […It’s also possible that the inn’s employees worked together to hide her, y’know.]

Abel: [Naturally, I am not blind to that possibility. But I have firm assurance.]

Al: [Firm assurance?]

In response to Al’s questioning voice, Abel nodded deeply.

Why was he convinced that Olbart and Tanza were conspiring together? That would be because――,

Abel: [He took the trouble to challenge us to a mere child’s game of running and hiding. That is the sort of vicious plot the old man is fond of.]

Subaru: [Find me if you can~, like that?]

Abel: [Correct.]

Subaru couldn’t help but make a disgusted face at Abel’s affirmation as he corrected his posture.

Abel’s guess, based on the badness of Olbart’s character, was spot on. Yes, Subaru was also intuitively convinced of the reason for the disgusted look.

The fact that he had suggested “hide-and-seek” was itself a metaphor for hiding Tanza.

Subaru: [But if that’s why we were attacked, then it’s a rule violation!]

Abel: [Are you referring to the rule about not harming each other? He would get away with it by saying, “I did not do anything”. Even more so if Tanza is in league with him.]

Subaru: [Guh… Such an unfair scheme…!]

Abel: [Therefore, the priority shall be to locate Olbart. Then, Tanza’s whereabouts shall be simultaneously disclosed. But if the plan is revealed, the pretext for playing “hide-and-seek” may vanish.]

He had now understood how the fact that Olbart and Tanza could be together had been discovered. But he didn’t understand the part on how that would be the end of the game of “hide-and-seek”.

His eyebrows furrowing, a frown formed on Subaru’s face. Now facing him, Abel snatched the oni mask from Subaru’s hand with violence.

Startled, Subaru exclaimed an “Ah!” as, in front of him, Abel put the oni mask back on,

Abel: [Olbart’s goal is to ascertain if we are worth negotiating with. He is more interested in this than in childish ploys. Therefore, if we can unravel his true intentions, we needn’t go through the trouble of a contrived process.]

Subaru: [Ahh, okay, I think I get it…]

Abel: [――. Is the extent of your intelligence becoming poor in earnest?]

To Subaru, who was barely following his explanation, Abel muttered so with a sigh.

He couldn’t counter Abel’s point. Subaru, too, was aware that his head was clearly out of whack. However, he wasn’t aware of to what extent.

Perhaps his thinking was shoddy, his words didn’t come out right, or he just wasn’t very smart.

Subaru: [I wasn’t even a smart guy to begin with…]

Abel: [As for your case, the issue is that you have lost your ability to comprehend and your creativity. The details of Olbart’s technique are unknown, but one theory would be that the body reflects the ups and downs of its own Od.]

Subaru: [T-the Od’s ups and downs…?]

Abel: [It means that there is a connection between the Od and the body, their growth and decay. So to speak, we can assume that Olbart has meddled with your… or rather, all of your Ods.]

Abel looked over at Subaru, Al, and Medium, whose bodies remained shrunk.

That explanation didn’t ring a bell to Subaru. As was the case with his broken Gate, which was used for magic, he had no real sense of the explanation about Mana and Od, whose existence he had originally been unaware of.

That was only true for Subaru, but not for――,

Al: [――So, it’s because that old man was messing with our bodies.]

Subaru was surprised to hear Al grumble so hatefully.

Looking over to him, Al was touching his mask-covered forehead with trembling fingers. That he was clearly showing to be uncontrollably irritated often was evidence that he, too, was having psychological effects.

The mental capacity which they were able to have as adults was being lost as they became more childish.

Al: [That shitty geezer, I’m gonna get you for this…!]

Abel: [To do that, we need to find where this “abyss with a great view” is located.]

Subaru: [Yeah… Speaking of which, we were going to head for a tavern.]

With Al boiling with anger beside him, Subaru cut off his words there.

As a result of being forced to stay in the street, Taritta was acting as bait with the rest going separate ways. However, no explanation of the true purpose was given.

Why did Abel want to rush to a tavern?

Abel: [The basis of our hunt is numbers. Ideally, it should be someone that knows the land. However, it is possible that all the inhabitants of this city are siding with Tanza. Consequently, it would be better to utilize outsiders.]

Al: [So you’re targeting a bar where strangers might flock together. Sounds like an idea bro’d have.]

Subaru: [Um, that’s…]

He wanted to continue with “wrong”, but then remembered that he’d looked for a bodyguard in Guaral.

That had happened when a man, Todd, had targeted him; just remembering him made Subaru shudder. Among the many ideas he had considered to save himself, he’d headed to a tavern, planning to hire a strong escort.

Unfortunately, the drunken swordsman he had hired that time was soon killed.

Subaru: [But you need money to get help, don’t you? We can’t find that kind of money just anywhere.]

Abel: [That concern is irrelevant. I have a reward.]

Having said that, Abel shook the bag he was carrying.

As he’d called it necessary when carrying it out of the inn, Subaru was curious about what was inside.

In response to the look in his eyes, Abel did not go as far as to open the mouth of his bag, but said,

Abel: [When leaving Guaral, I had Zikr open the City Hall’s treasury. This is the most efficient way to obtain collaborators. Not making use of it will not do.]

Al: […That was a shrewd thing to do.]

Subaru: [But walking around with a lot of money while wearing an oni mask’s dangerous, and will make you stand out… Oh, I see.]

As he was saying this, Abel tapped his finger on the oni mask, reminding Subaru of his misplaced concern.

Since the oni mask had the effect of “cognitive disruption”, the idea that it “stood out” was an incorrect way of thinking to begin with. Since it had no effect on Subaru’s group, the difference between their actual situation and the reactions of the people around them was confusing.

Al: [So, we ain’t changing what we’re gonna do? We’re all gonna go to a tavern and look for someone to help us find that old dude?]

Abel: [――Yes, that was the original idea. However, things have changed somewhat.]

Subaru: [Things have changed, how so?]

Abel: [If Olbart and Tanza were behind this from the onset, they should be able to find a method to increase manpower quickly. While Olbart alone would have no influence in Demon City, Tanza’s addition makes it a whole other matter. That girl has the position of attendant to Yorna Mishigure.]

As Yorna held the highest position in Chaosflame, being Yorna’s attendant would mean that person would be like a secretary. In other words, Tanza was the second most important person in the city, after Yorna.

Or rather, that meant that she could conduct herself as such.

Subaru: [If they really want to keep us reined in, they’d put people around the taverns.]

Abel: [There is no need to fall into an obvious trap. Though, there may be ways to force our way through.]

During that conversation that made a change of plans necessary, Abel’s gaze turned to the side as he spoke. Subaru followed his line of sight, and his cheeks tensed up.

Louis: [Uau?]

That was because Louis stood, at the place where line of sight of the oni mask was directed too, tilting her head.

Louis, who’d turned the tables on their attackers and at the end mercilessly knocked the sheepboy into unconsciousness, was combing her fingers feverishly through her own blonde hair beside Medium, who’d become attached to her.

Despite her overwhelming fighting power, there was no change in her very attitude of innocence.

This, in turn, sent a cold shiver down Subaru’s spine.

Medium: [Oh, Louis-chan was amazing just now! I’m shocked that you were hiding abilities like that~]

Louis: [Auau.]

Medium: [Hehehe, thanks for saving me.]

In disregard of Subaru’s state of mind, Medium stroked Louis’s head, defenseless. The latter accepted that palm with calm, but Subaru’s heart was pounding.

So Subaru immediately let out a “Wait!”, even grabbing Medium’s wrist.

Medium: [Wah, Subaru-chin?]

Subaru: [Errr, Medium-san, you shouldn’t get close to her…]

Medium: [――? Why? She saved me, right? She even saved you, Subaru-chin.]

Subaru: [Well, that might be true, but… However…]

Subaru was unable to express a reply to Medium’s innocent question.

In fact, her view was honest and correct. Louis had saved Subaru. She had not hesitated in protecting Subaru with her petite body, even at the cost of getting hurt.

Subaru had desperately pleaded, “Don’t die”, as well.

Al: [Come on now, tell us what’s up.]

Seeing Subaru’s clenched teeth, Al spoke in a low voice.

Subaru gasped and looked down at the gloomy eyes through his mask. ――He recalled that a few days ago, during the trip to Chaosflame, he’d kept Louis’s circumstances a secret from Al.

At that time, Subaru could not come to a decision on how to treat Louis, so he had put his answer on hold.

However――,

Al: [Come on, this isn’t a situation that can be overlooked with a smile anymore. It’s not just my concern, but a concern all of us have.]

Subaru: [――――]

Al: [What secret are you keeping about that girl?]

His questioning gaze was so intense that Subaru reflexively sheltered Louis behind him.

It was because he did not know how Louis would react to that gaze, rather than because he was trying to protect Louis―― no, Subaru didn’t know if that was true as well.

If there was one thing he could say, however, it was that he couldn’t deceive them any longer.

And Subaru’s young, deficient brain could not even make up a lie that sounded plausible.

That was why――,

Subaru: [She’s, Louis is… the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony.]

And so, all he could do was to clearly reveal the truth.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The true identity of Louis Arneb.

It was a secret that Subaru had kept from Rem, who had lost her memories, and from everyone else they had met ever since being sent to the Vollachian Empire.

Subaru expected that the trouble that would result from the discovery of Louis’s true identity as an Sin Archbishop, both concerning him and others, would be a lot. ――No, it was bound to be much worse than he could’ve expected.

That was why Subaru hid that fact from the world until this very moment――,

???: [――Sin… Archbishop.]

A faltering voice ruminated on the words, the facts that Subaru had revealed.

It would be no wonder if Al and Abel were astonished by that fact. It was only natural to be alarmed, to want to verify the facts, to shout out how ridiculous all that would be.

However, the one whose voice trembled first was neither that of Al, nor that of Abel.

???: [Louis-chan’s, a Sin Archbishop…]

Louis: [Uu?]

Indeed, Medium was the one to let out a shocked voice.

Medium’s blue eyes widened as she gazed motionlessly at Louis. Medium’s gaze caused said Louis to tilt her head and make a silly sound, as if she had no idea what she was talking about.

And that was exactly the reaction that Subaru feared the most.

He’d thought optimistically that perhaps Medium―― No, that perhaps the O’Connell siblings would take it in stride and laugh it off as nothing at all.

However, his optimism had been misplaced, as he came to realize that it had only been an idealistic dream.

Medium: [――――]

That was the unmistakable and certain “fear” that flashed across Medium’s eyes.

Al: [Bro, that joke ain’t funny.]

Subaru: [I-it’s not a joke…]

Al: [If this ain’t a joke, it’s even less funny!]

Subaru, shocked by Medium’s reaction, could not respond adequately to Al’s words that followed.

Raising his voice, Al drew out the dao he was carrying on his back with violence. Of course, it was not something that a single tiny arm of a child could hold with ease, so the sword that had been pulled out had buried its tip in the ground.

Still, if he swung it using all his weight, it could still be used. Loaded with that sharp intent, Al’s gaze turned to Subaru and Louis behind him.

Al: [You can’t be right in the head, carrying a Sin Archbishop around. You haven’t forgotten what happened in Pristella, have you?]

Subaru: [T-that’s…]

Al: [Me and Priscilla… No harm was done to the Princess, but that’s just happenstance. Your people and acquaintances got put through hell. One of the reasons why is that right there.]

There was no way to argue with the anger in Al’s voice, who leaned against the dao stuck in the ground.

Al was completely right. By all accounts, it was Subaru who was in the wrong. He should not have taken Louis with him, nor should he have let Louis run amok.

He should have revealed her true identity, tied her up, and held her captive, depriving her of her freedom.

But Subaru had not done that. Aside from that――,

Subaru: [A-Abel…?]

He looked at Abel, wondering if the latter agreed with Al in his silence.

Now that Medium was afraid and Al was angry, Abel’s attitude was the last bastion―― and Subaru couldn’t even tell for whom he was a bastion.

However, if everyone at this place chose to be hostile to Louis,

Subaru: [――――]

For certain, Subaru could put a stop to this hesitation and start moving.

Abel: [I know not how they are handled in other nations.]

Just before Subaru as he took a gulp, a man in an oni mask carrying a bag met his gaze head-on.

Black eyes met black eyes, and Subaru’s chest was pierced by the cold gaze. His brain started shutting down, as if rejecting the words he should have waited for, and the content that was to follow.

That voice slowly penetrated into that numb brain of his.

That was――,

Abel: [In the Empire, those who serve the Witch for any reason whatsoever are executed.]

A definitive declaration from an existence that stood at the pinnacle of the Empire, even though he had been ousted from his throne.

It was a verdict of execution that clearly asserted that they would never be able to see eye-to-eye.

The moment he heard this, Subaru tightly shut his eyes――,

Subaru: [――Hk, Louis!]

Medium: [Subaru-chin!]

Just as he emotionally shouted her name, a small pair of hands went around Subaru’s waist.

Immediately after, Medium’s voice echoed like a cry, and Subaru’s legs left the ground and floated up into the air―― no, Louis, who was attached to Subaru’s waist, leaped high up with Subaru.

Why, did he call out Louis’s name, what kind of meaning had been in there; Biting his molars, Subaru held back the tears coming to his eyes for some reason.

It just came to his mind.

Louis: [Uau.]

That he should not abandon this girl now, who was clutching him around the waist and was ooh’ing and aah’ing.

It wasn’t that he had returned the favor and saved her life because she had saved him. It wasn’t that Subaru mistakenly felt something like compassion and a need to protect her. It just came to his mind.

With the shrinking of not only his limbs but also the contents of his head, Subaru regretted that he had given an answer about this girl, who he didn’t know what to think of.

That was Subaru’s problem, something that had nothing to do with Rem or the many people they had met so far.

It was a problem that Natsuki Subaru absolutely had to face with all his might.

Al: [Bro! Get back here! Fucking――!]

Al, looking up, shouted at him, but Louis’s feet did not stop as she kicked off the wall and leapt away.

While hugging Subaru’s back, Louis kicked the wall of the building facing the street and ascended to the rooftop, then moved on to the next street without any trouble, and the next one after that.

In Chaosflame, a city covered with scaffolding, in which jointed paths could be freely created, Louis’s boundless lack of restraint was truly unrivaled.

Subaru: [Bwah!]

After a few more leaps, Subaru dismounted and got down on his hands and knees, taking repeated deep breaths. It was painful, not only to defy gravity so many times, but also to have Louis’s slender arms tighten like a vise around his torso.

Louis, the person in question, peeked at Subaru’s face from the side. The fact that Louis was so energetic was loathsome.

But, this was not the time for him to loath her face.

Subaru: [Shit, Abel and the others…]

That was the result of his own actions. To say that he’d just strayed from the others would be too obvious of a lie.

But had he stayed in that place, who knew what orders Abel would have given; judging from Al’s reaction, he would not have let Louis off peacefully.

He could also say that not much could be expected from Medium’s ability to defuse situations.

That said, he blamed his heart for not obeying and handing Louis over to them.

Louis: [Uau?]

Wiping his mouth with his sleeve, Subaru raised his head and saw Louis’s blue eyes looking at him innocently.

Subaru’s attitude of not caring at all about things such as hostility and fear directed at him made him feel like an idiot, for letting his mind go around in circles like this.

Subaru: [I’m an idiot. No, I am definitely an idiot.]

In fact, he was a big idiot.

Abel aside, it was idiotic to leave Medium and Al behind, and run away with Louis.

He had no idea what they were thinking or what they could do.

Subaru: [Still, if I make the decision now, I might regret it. This isn’t something a little kid should be deciding.]

The life and death of people, and ultimately the future of the Empire, were both very important matters, so he thought.

It was strange that such a big issue should be decided by a child of only about ten years old, subjected to the eyes of a ruthless adult. ――It was wrong.

Subaru: [I’m sure the original me could make the right decision. So…]

He must dispel this “infantilization” as soon as possible, and return from being the little boy Natsuki Subaru to the young man Natsuki Subaru.

That way, he would be able to fret over whether or not to deal with Louis, and give a reasonable answer to the decision his companions had reached, and attain a satisfactory conclusion.

To that end――,

Subaru: [――Let’s find Olbart-san. I’m going to do everything I can, without relying on Abel and the others.]

Louis: [Aa, uu!]

Louis raised her head in response to Subaru, lifting both her hands in the air with a cheerful look on her face.

Looking down on the landscape of the Demon City from scaffolding up high, two small children breathed alongside each other, aspiring to find the shinobi head honcho who’d turned against the residents of Chaosflame and the ousted Emperor.

――Unexpectedly, Subaru and Louis were the Oni in the game of “hide-and-seek” and the ones being chased by the Oni in the game of “tag”. [3]

Translation notes:

[1] The sentence here cuts off, but given its structure (『暴食』の――), it’s possible that it’s cutting off just before the word “権能”, which is used for “Authority”.

[2] The Japanese word used here is “仲間”, read “nakama”. It has a bit of a complex meaning, somewhere between “friend”, “companion”, and “comrades”.

[3] In the Japanese games of tag, which is normally called “鬼ごっこ” (onigokko) and hide-and-seek, the person who is “it”, or in other words, the one doing the chasing/finding, is called the “鬼” (oni). You may recognize this as the word “鬼” used for Ram and Rem’s race.

--- Chapter 49: The Stars Aligned ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Al: [Damn it! I can’t see them anywhere…!]

Looking up at the sky from the street, as his gaze swept over the numerous scaffolds, the masked figure of a boy ―― no, of Al, yelled as he stomped on the ground.

The unbelievable situation that had just occurred had spurred his frustration and made his heart boil with fury.

Absurd, that was all he could say about that turn of events.

Medium: [Subaru-chin, Louis-chan…]

On the other hand, in contrast to Al, his anger laid bare, Medium muttered so, her face downcast.

The young girl dressed like a dancer rolled herself into a ball, concerned for the two who had fled the scene.

However, the nature of the emotions in her murmur was complicated and confused.

It was difficult to say that it was only out of concern. It was undoubtedly related to the words Subaru had spoken before his disappearance.

Medium: [Louis-chan’s…]

Abel: [――A Sin Archbishop, he said.]

Medium: [――Hk.]

Upon finding the continuation of the words that had unintentionally leaked from her own lips, Medium’s eyes widened.

Disregarding Medium, Abel gazed upwards toward the sky, just like Al. He had put his mask back on and was no longer showing his face, so it was impossible for others to tell what he was thinking.

However, it was clear from his fingers tapping his crossed arms that this situation was not a welcome one, for him.

Medium: [Abel-chin, those two…]

Abel: [――. Our priority is to get this situation under control. Our course of action remains the same. Unfortunately, the number of methods we possess has once more abated by one.]

To Medium’s feeble question, Abel returned an answer in a cold tone.

He did not mention Subaru and Louis explicitly. But it was apparent that Abel did not intend to rejoin them immediately.

Hearing this, Medium felt both anxiety and relief deep in her heart.

There was a feeling of worry regarding those two, as well as a feeling of relief for not having to also confront them.

She also felt horrified that she had been told something that should not even be said in jest, in a situation where it could not be laughed off as a joke.

Al: [You want to leave him alone? Bro, and particularly now, when he’s got the mind of a child!]

Abel: [So what shall we do? The situation we are in will not be any different. I shall warn you, if you and Medium are no longer useful, I shall need to leave you behind.]

Al: [Guh…]

Abel: [Do not presume you alone hold the right to choose who we ally with or not, clown.]

Unable to speak, Al wanted to join up with the stranded Subaru and Louis, but this was coldly rejected by Abel. However, Al’s focus was only Subaru; Louis’s existence was secondary.

Al’s attitude regarding Louis, whose identity as a bomb had been revealed, was clear.

Al: [I can’t leave bro and that brat together…]

As he muttered to himself, cupping his mouth, Al’s hostility towards Louis was apparent.

Medium wished to complain about Al’s attitude, but she herself could not come to a decision on her attitude toward Louis, and an uncharacteristic deliberation formed in that silence.

Abel: [――――]

Abel, glancing sideways towards the two, once again looked up overhead.

Their figures no longer visible, Subaru and Louis had jumped somewhere into the Demon City, as nary a trace remained of them in this jumble of a sight his gaze lay on.

Abel: [Fool.]

The single word that escaped his mouth, was a mutter to nobody in particular.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And so, while in this unprecedented situation, Subaru had gone on his own, separate from his friends.

It had been a spur-of-the-moment act, he really couldn’t say it was a decision he had arrived at after properly thinking about the future.

Even so, there’d definitely be some regrets about that situation if he did make a decision in a hurry. All he could say with certainty was that he’d taken that action to avoid having regrets.

And now, Subaru was already “regretting” the decision he had made.

Because――,

Louis: [Au, uau!]

Subaru: [Stop it, Louis! That’s enough!]

Using a chokehold on Louis’s small body from behind, Subaru pulled her writhing body away. The one he pulled her away from, was a now-unconscious man who had pursued them before being straddled by Louis.

After parting with Abel and the others, they had managed to jump across the scaffolding in the city, and while looking for Olbart to restore the “infantilized” Subaru, the enemy caught up with them.

Apparently, the pursuers were aware of the appearance of the “infantilized” Subaru and of a target who had not visited the castle tower, Louis. It seemed Abel’s guess was correct.

In other words, Olbart and Tanza were accomplices, and the information they held was also passed to their pursuers――― those of the horned races.

As a result, Subaru, who was traveling alone with Louis, had been chased and almost caught――,

Louis: [Uu!]

Louis’s fighting skills, which she had shown on the street, exploded, and their pursuers were quickly neutralized.

That in itself was a blessing. Even before his limbs had shrunk, Subaru’s fighting ability was a disappointment. He would be no match even against those of the city who didn’t know how to fight, because Yorna had given them a portion of her power through the Soul Marriage Technique.

However, the problem was that Louis would not stop attacking, even after she had neutralized their pursuers.

Louis: [Auu…]

Subaru: [Don’t “auu” me! If you do that, they’ll die! These people are just scared, that’s all. That wouldn’t be good at all!]

Louis: [Uu.]

Her legs flailing, Louis calmed down after hearing Subaru’s warning.

He didn’t know whether she understood what he had just said, but at any rate, she seemed to understand that Subaru was angry. Seeing this, Subaru tended to the fallen opponent.

As he had no first-aid kit, all he could do was to lay his head up high and wipe the bleeding wound.

Subaru: […These people as well.]

Louis: [Uau?]

Subaru: [They’re desperate. They don’t want their place in the world to be destroyed.]

The young men, a sheepman and a deerman, who had been beaten up by Louis, were still in their late teens or early twenties, not much different from the original Subaru. The people around the inn, and the sheep boy who had thrown Subaru in the street, were all of varying ages, there was nothing that made them seem like friends.

But there was a definite connection. That being, the horns that grew on their heads.

Depending on the person, they could be different for having one or two horns, but a horn was a horn.

The influence it’d had on their lives was not something Subaru, who knew of Emilia’s case, could scoff at.

Subaru: [I’m glad Rem isn’t here, I guess.]

As a member of the oni tribe, Rem had the characteristic horn that grew on her forehead.

Unlike those beastmen, the horns would not be grown out all the time, but as a someone from a horned race, it was possible she was not entirely unrelated to the situations they’d experienced in life.

Not like he’d ever heard something of the sort from Ram or Rem, though.

Subaru: [I don’t think Ram’d give a crap of what anyone said about her.]

Because Ram was the type to go her own way, no matter what the outside world had to say about her horn, it was certain that she would blow their words off with a snickering “Ha!”.

With her strength that was not bound by race nor title, it was certain she would.

――Perhaps, such a girl could keep a level head upon finding out about Louis.

Subaru: […I’m an idiot.]

Louis: [Uau.]

Striking his forehead with his fist, Subaru withdrew his shameful and selfish thoughts.

Seeing Subaru’s gesture, Louis, who was crouching next to him, tilted her head.

Ram was not present. Emilia, and Beatrice as well, everyone was not present.

Even Rem, who was closest to him, was still in Guaral, far away from here―― there was no time to comfort himself by relying on someone not present.

Subaru: [Anyway, it’s bad if we stick around standing out. We need to hide quickly.]

Honestly, considering his original plan, running and hiding would be a waste of time. Normally, he’d have to chase after the person running away and hiding.

And yet, Subaru had become the one being chased.

Subaru: [Maybe Abel won’t look for us… I guess. He’s probably angry, and might believe that finding Olbart-san’s more important, I guess.]

Louis: [Au.]

Subaru: [Should we join up with Taritta-san? Taritta-san’s being chased by a lot of people in a strange city… No, that’s no good.]

Placing his hand to his head, Subaru put on hold the idea of joining up with the clueless Taritta.

He didn’t feel like he could successfully explain to Taritta why he was not with Abel and the others. He’d have to lie, but lying wouldn’t solve the problem.

Medium was out of the question. Once Taritta found out that Louis was a Sin Archbishop, she would see her as dangerous, and distance herself from her, just as the others did.

Subaru: [I’m worried about Taritta-san, but I think Abel and the others might be looking for her over there.]

Right now, he didn’t want to join up with Abel and the others, from whom he’d just become separated.

Without an answer to how Louis should be handled, he thought it’d be more of the same with Abel and the others. Besides, he didn’t want to be hated by everyone for arguing with them like that again.

The past him, who had been unable to persuade everyone, also didn’t want to become hated.

Subaru: [Louis, let’s go. We need to find Olbart-san at “an abyss with a great view”.]

Louis: [Uau.]

While saying this, Subaru linked hands with Louis and pulled her along to make her walk away.

He had no idea of where to go originally, but after she’d unveiled her power―― the Authority of Gluttony, his anxiety became even greater.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [If you don’t want to die, stay close to me. I don’t want you to die either… now.]

Louis: [Aa, uu.]

Whether she understood or not, Louis nodded her head in acceptance. With that, Subaru let out a deep breath at the girl’s smiling face.

Two children, wandering around in a strange city, aimlessly trying to solve a riddle――,

Subaru: [This makes me feel like I’m truly a missing child.]

That weak mutter was all he could muster.

△▼△▼△▼△

――After that, Subaru and Louis’s chase sequence, as well as their escape, was complicated.

Probably because Subaru did not have a good grasp of the city’s layout, and because communicating with his companion was difficult, and genuinely because of Subaru’s bad luck.

At any rate, he was being chased around inside the Demon City. Unable to find this “abyss with a great view”, his time was running out with every moment that went by.

Subaru: [Louis! Stop fighting! Run, run, run, run!]

Louis: [Au! Uh!]

As Louis rushed out, Subaru stopped her by literally bumping her with all his weight.

He hopped onto her tiny back, forcing himself in a position of being carried by piggyback. Louis propped up Subaru’s body to keep him from being shaken off as she then leapt high to escape from the ones chasing them.

???: [Don’t let them get away!]

And the ones to shout that while chasing after them, were the horned beastmen patrolling the Demon City.

Apparently, their pursuers were really only those with horns. Regarding the inhabitants of Chaosflame, Subaru had seen many demi-humans without horns. It seemed that they had not been given the order to capture Subaru and Louis.

Subaru: [Seems like that Tanza girl doing this of her own free will…]

Tanza was a young deergirl, although she held something like the position of a secretary to Yorna, Subaru supposed there was a limit to how far she could make those under her command move.

As a result, there’d be no way to escape if all the inhabitants of Chaosflame were to become “it”. It seemed that the girl was also fighting on the edge of how much she could abuse her power.

Even then, they were being cornered plenty on that edge. From Subaru’s point of view, she could have even held back a bit.

Subaru: [Uh… They’re coming after us! Louis, don’t attack! We gotta get out of here!]

Louis: [Uu?]

Subaru: [Why not! The reason is, everything! Anyhow, this isn’t working!]

With Subaru on her back, stepping on window frames of buildings and protruding scaffolds, Louis did not seem happy with this escape decided upon by a single person, as she went bounce-bounce all over the city.

She looked as if she wanted to say that they’d win if she fought; Subaru protested this by tugging on her cheek.

Indeed, if Louis did fight, she might be able to defeat their pursuers.

However, if Louis were to fight, those following them might get killed. Hypothetically, even if she knocked them unconscious, there was no telling if Louis would stop her assault there.

Actually, just a short while ago, if Subaru hadn’t stopped her, Louis would’ve thrown their pursuers off the high scaffolding, dropping them to the ground below.

Louis had not seemed to have lost her almost infant-like innocence.

But, even with that innocence, the power of Gluttony had returned to Louis. Subaru dreaded that, as It seemed to be no different from the rampage of the original “Louis Arneb”.

If this Louis ever went back to being “Louis Arneb”――,

Subaru: [――That’d mean that Abel and the others’ opinion is right.]

In that case, there was no need to run away from the street and no need to strain his relationship with Abel and the others.

The existence of the girl known as Louis, was something Subaru was required to worry about, strangely.

Which was why it was no good.

Subaru: [I won’t let you kill anyone else, any more.]

As long as Natsuki Subaru’s eyes were black, he would not let that happen. [1]

Louis: [――Au.]

Louis gazed forward quietly as Subaru tightened his hold upon her back.

It seemed she had retracted her complaining attitude from before for the time being, reconsidering doing what Subaru had suggested. For now, Louis tried to shake off the beastmen on their tails; bouncing and skipping repeatedly, she continued to run away as her golden hair whipped about.

However――,

Subaru: [So, stubborn…!]

Maybe it was natural, since the only effort they were making to shake them off was running away, but it was difficult to give the beastmen chasing them the slip. In addition to knowing the lay of the land, because of the flame in one of their eyes―― because of Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique, the gap between them was shrinking, rather than growing.

Subaru: [If it goes on like this――]

They would get caught; as such Subaru bit down on teeth that were neither baby nor permanent.

It was at that moment.

???: [――You two, this way.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Louis: [Au?]

Louis kicked off the wall with force, as she tried to trick the eye of their pursuers with sharp movements. Before they could see if what they intended had been fulfilled, a voice reached the two as they landed on the street.

Taking a look at it, a young man with a thin face was beckoning Subaru and Louis to come over. There were no horns to be found on the young man’s head at a quick glance, but that didn’t put Subaru at ease right away.

Subaru: [Y-you’re…]

Young Man: [You’re being chased, aren’t you? From the looks of it, those people seem to be preeettyyy~ serious. This is some friendly advice so it’d be nice if you could be good and hear what I have to say.]

In response to Subaru’s wary look, the young man beckoned to him with a friendly smile. Just like that, he used his hand to point out a cart on the road to Subaru and Louis, the two out of breath.

Specifically, he was indicating a gap between several barrels in the back of said cart,

Young Man: [Since you two have small bodies, you’ll fit in there for sure.]

Subaru: [B-but even if we hide there it doesn’t mean…]

Young Man: [We don’t have any more time. The alignment of the stars changes every moment. It’s up to you, of course, to shun this alignment, or to accept it.]

Subaru: [――――]

Young Man: [Hoooweeever~, I think it’s in your best interest to come with me.]

Waving his empty hands in the air, the young man laughed to show that he meant no harm.

Subaru hesitated quite a bit on whether he should trust that smile or not. But he was right, he didn’t have much time to spend hesitating.

Therefore――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [They must’ve come this way!]

A group of bloodthirsty men appeared, searching for any sign of the missing fugitives. As they went along, they spotted a young man standing near a cart, leaning his back against a wall.

???: [Hey, you there! Did two kids come by here?]

Young Man: [Huh? Umm, you wouldn’t be talking to me, would you? I’m sorry, but I was just taking a break for a sec here…]

???: [Like I said, I was wondering if you’ve seen them during your break… Oh, forget it!]

The oxman, who had approached the cart with noisy footsteps, gave up because of the young man’s dismissive words. But that didn’t mean that the oxman had overlooked the cart near the youth.

He stopped questioning the young man, instead refocusing his attention on the cart.

Oxman: [Say, what’s the cargo?]

Young Man: [Well, what do you think it is? What kinda merchant do I look like?]

Oxman: [Tch.]

At the elusive young man’s words, the oxman clicked his tongue and glared at the cart. Then, grabbing a pile of barrels, he tipped the load effortlessly, his right eye burning.

With a loud bang, the setup of unbalanced cargo was thrown about. The stacked barrels swayed from one side to the other; if anyone had been hiding in the back of the cart, they would have been struck by the weight of the barrels.

Seeing this, the oxman took his hand off the barrel and,

Oxman: [Sorry for disturbing you.]

Leaving behind those words, he walked away from the scene with his companions.

Behind him, the young man called out with “Please fix the barrels!”. However, as the other part didn’t reply, the young man gave a shrug of his thin shoulders

Young Man: [Good griiief~, they were arrogant people, weren’t they? I dunno what to think of them.]

Talking to himself, the young man approached the cart on the deserted street. He crouched down to look underneath the cart instead of at the load.

There――,

Young Man: [You were right not to carelessly hide in the back of the cart. If you had hid there, every bone in your body would’ve been shattered by now. That would’ve been very painful, wouldn’t it?]

Subaru: […Don’t say such scary things.]

Louis: [Uu.]

The young man made a dreadful remark in a light-hearted tone, with a smile on his face, as Subaru and Louis crawled out from the cart they had hidden under.

It was natural to think that, given the cart had been loaded with barrels, they’d be hidden there. Subaru, at first, did as he’d been told and tried to hide in the back of the cart, but as he’d had a bad feeling about it, he had decided not to.

Subaru: [But, since there was no time to run, I hid under the back of the cart.]

Young Man: [I think it was a very good decision. I’m not very good at lying, and I would’ve told him right away if he had questioned me a bit too roughly.]

Subaru: […No problem, I wouldn’t have expected any different because you’re not one of us.]

Having been underneath the cart, clinging onto its wheels, Subaru patted the dirt off his hands and clothes, and then patted Louis’s equally dirty body.

Apparently, the pursuers had lost sight of Subaru and Louis, so he should be grateful to the young man for his help.

Subaru: [But, why did you help us?]

Young Man: [Why did I help? Hmmmhm, why, huh. Oh, how about the fact that I couldn’t stand to see children being chased?]

Subaru: [If you’re putting it as “How about”, you definitely just made it up…]

Young Man: [Have I been found out?]

Faced by Subaru’s doubtful eyes, the young man stroked his head in an annoyed fashion.

He smiled bitterly, but from what Subaru could tell, he was not a demi-human. Not only did he have no horns, but he also had no animal-like ears, skin, nor claws.

That aside, this human being right now gave off the atmosphere of being from outside of Chaosflame.

Subaru: [You’re…]

Young Man: [Oh, whoops, I’m Ubilk. I can understand why you might wanna doubt me, but there’s not much I can say.]

Subaru: [What do you mean, there’s not much you can say?]

Ubilk: [The only reason I helped you two was because I thought it’d be a good idea.]

Laughing, the young man―― Ubilk, ran his fingers through his ashen hair.

His gestures and good looks made Subaru think that Ubilk was a man with a proper job. Even his travel clothes, which appeared to be lightly worn, looked like they had been paid for with a fair amount of money.

Subaru thought that he was surely a merchant, because he was hauling a cart.

Subaru: [Is that what you’d call a merchant’s intuition?]

Ubilk: [A merchant’s… Oh, me? Hahaha, no. I’m no merchant or anything like that. And this cart isn’t mine either.]

Subaru: [Huh!? But, you told those people…]

Ubilk: [I never said I was a merchant. Of course, I also never said that this cart belonged to me. It’s just a cart that happens to be sitting here. It probably belongs to the store right there, doesn’t it?]

After those words, Ubilk pointed to the nearest store and said, “I wonder if it’s that one? Or maybe it could be that one?”. He was kidding, but he didn’t seem to be entirely joking.

In other words, it seemed that he’d really simply bluffed his way out of that pursuit.

Louis: [Uau.]

Subaru: [Ah, yeah, I get it.]

As he kept up with Ubilk’s pace, Louis unexpectedly pulled on his sleeve.

Subaru, who was starting to wonder whether it was alright to stand still, reflected on his own carefree self who was being rushed by Louis.

Their situation hadn’t gotten any better, even though they had shaken off their pursuers.

Subaru: [Well, thank you for your help, Ubilk-san. But you should think and act more seriously next time. I’m sure you’re going to get into a lot of trouble because of this…]

Ubilk: [Whaat’s~ that, are you worried about me? Do I look so unfortunate? I think I’m a pretty worldly man, but you seem to disagree.]

Subaru: [No, not that I’m suspicious of you or anything, but we’re in a hurry.]

To tell the truth, he was suspicious.

In this case, the suspicion wasn’t that Ubilk was necessarily Tanza and Olbart’s spy, but rather that he could be a dangerous adult who was genuinely unrelated to them.

As the two of them, Subaru and Louis both, were just children as of now, dealing with suspicious adults was plenty scary.

If the other party were a dangerous adult, Subaru might not be able to stop Louis from beating him to a pulp. Dealing with dangerous adults was a bridge too far for children to deal with.

Subaru: [Well, we’ve got stuff to do, so let’s keep it at that. Thanks for helping us.]

With that, Subaru pulled Louis by the hand and quickly walked away after an expression of his gratitude.

However――,

Ubilk: [Please waaait~ a minute. Don’t be so curt, let’s help one another. I think the spirit of mutual aid’s a wonderful thing.]

As he said this, Ubilk used his long, slender legs to jog around Subaru, cutting him off.

Immediately, Subaru’s Suspicious-and-Dangerous-Adult Index rose, and Ubilk’s standing with him was put into question. Going into details, Louis’s grip on his hand tightened and she voiced an “Uu?”, as she could sense Subaru’s caution towards Ubilk.

A case such as Louis leaping out as soon as she had Subaru’s approval, for her to then beat Ubilk to the ground and stuff him into a barrel, was possible.

Subaru: [Ubilk-san, are you flexible?]

Ubilk: [Me? Well, in my old work experience, the more flexible my body was, the more I could handle, so I was a flexible person. But, what are you asking me?]

Subaru: [No, no, it’s nothing… Helping each other, is there something you want us to help you with?]

Ubilk: [Oh, nooo~, that’s not what I meant. The spirit of mutual aid was just a slip of the tongue, not a request for help. Ahaha.]

Subaru: [――――]

Once again, the Suspicious-and-Dangerous-Adult Index had increased.

This time, in addition to that, he felt that a novel Adult Index aside from the Dangerous one, the Adult-He-Didn’t-Want-Anything-To-Do-With Index, had just been newly established.

Anyway, this was not someone he wanted to spend much time with.

Ubilk: [Hahaha… Whaaat’s~ this, the mood’s colder than I expected. This is the same feeling I get when I’m surrounded by everyone. They hate me. Do you hate me?]

Subaru: [If possible, I’d prefer not to…]

Ubilk: [Ohhh~, you’re an honest one. Well then, since you seem to be in a hurry, and since you’re honest, and I like honest people, let’s have a quick serious chat.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

As Ubilk said this, he bent at the waist and brought his face closer to Subaru. Subaru’s head dropped as he gulped unwittingly, and Louis, stepping forward, put her hand out in front of him in response.

She then pushed on Ubilk’s cheek from the side, threatening him with an “Uu!”.

Ubilk: [Whoooops~, she hates me. I thought I had a good reputation with girls, but I guess it’s different if they’ve already got a companion.]

Subaru: […Ubilk-san, it’d be best if you don’t make Louis angry. This girl, well, she’s more powerful than she looks.]

Ubilk: [I see , Louis-san’s her name, isn’t it.]

Ubilk nodded his head, and Subaru gulped at his response.

There was no problem with him knowing her name, but he knew that he’d given out information that he shouldn’t have. He didn’t want to give more information to someone without knowing what kind of adult they were.

Subaru: [Ubilk-san! You said it’d be a serious chat, yeah? If there’s nothing else, we should go!]

Ubilk: [――I wasn’t planning on walking about the streets today at all.]

Subaru: [What?]

Ubilk: [Fooor~ some reason though, I found myself wandering around aimlessly, wondering if something was going on, based on a feeling I had. So I came here on a whim, and killed some time next to this cart. And then…]

Placing his fingers on his forehead, he slid them to the gentle corner of his eye, to his clear, white cheeks, then down to his sculpted chin. At the end, Ubilk snapped his fingers.

Subaru was visibly stunned, transfixed by his behavior, and Ubilk, whose smile deepened at his reaction, waved his snapping fingers from side to side,

Ubilk: [You two appeared by nimbly leaping over my head.]

Subaru: [――――]

Ubilk: […Whaat’s~ this, perhaps that didn’t resonate with you?]

Tilting his head, Ubilk looked in turn at Subaru and Louis, both of whom didn’t react.

Louis simply might not have understood what was being said, but not Subaru. After hearing Ubilk’s answer, Subaru just could not speak.

He wondered if there was some grand, far-reaching reason hidden in there.

Subaru: [So you were just out for a walk, resting, and then we came along?]

Ubilk: [Haaa~, you can say it that way too, I guess. Buuut~, I think I can also say it this way. ――I think all this is just the stars’ guidance.]

Subaru: [The stars’… fate, or something like that…]

Although it sounded very romantic, Subaru’s shoulders slumped.

It would’ve been romantic had it been spoken at the beginning of a story in which a man and woman met, but here there was a combination of the shrunken Subaru and the originally small Louis. And Ubilk, the weirdo.

This was not romantic at all.

Ubilk: [Are you amazed by me, perchance?]

Subaru: [Well, it’s alright. Even if Ubilk-san’s seriousness isn’t that serious, it doesn’t bother me so much because he’s a person I don’t want to see ever again.]

Ubilk: [You said some pretty harsh and hurtful things to me. That kinda sharpness is similar to that of my old friend’s.]

Subaru: [Ubilk-san, you’ve got a friend…?]

Ubilk: [Ahaha, that hurt!]

He couldn’t help but let out a rude, honest thought, but Ubilk didn’t seem to be offended.

For just a moment, he thought that there some sort of subtle, complicated feeling from Ubilk towards his friend, somewhere in his sentimental, straightforward and unserious attitude.

Ubilk: [Anyway, it’s by some kinda fate that we met here. Hmmm~, that’s it! I’m actually in the business of giving small consultations. What do you think, why don’t you ask me for counselling?]

Subaru: [Finally, there it is! No thanks… No, I heard on TV that way of answering’s convenient for scammers. I don’t want it!]

Ubilk: [I’m not a pushy salesman, and I’m not here to trick you, okay? I just wanna do my assigned role, thooo~.]

Subaru: [Your assigned role?]

Ubilk: [Indeed, there must’ve been a reason as to why I’m here today. It’s probably for the chance for you and Louis-san to consult me.]

Ubilk nodded repeatedly, crossing his thin arms and acting like he was the only one who understood.

Unfortunately, Ubilk’s conviction did not sit well with Subaru. It was simply that the Suspicious and Dangerous Adult Index was gradually increasing in value.

He’d rather just leave Ubilk here and run away if possible. He felt that even though Ubilk had given the slip to their pursuers, he was now entangled with a more troublesome opponent.

Ubilk: [Oh, it’s no use trying to escape. Iiif~ you try to run away…]

Subaru: [Then what?]

Ubilk: [I’ll shout, and tell the people who just came by where you two are. You’d be in trouble, right?]

Subaru: [We’d be in a lot of trouble…!]

If that were to happen however, he was willing to unleash Louis.

Of course, as he didn’t want to let Ubilk die, Subaru would do everything in his power to stop Louis’s rampage, but he was prepared to use her as his last resort if Ubilk wanted to call out to their pursuers.

Besides――,

Subaru: [I’m sorry, but you don’t want to know what’s going on with us. If you hear about it, you might get involved and I don’t think you can do anything about it.]

Even if Subaru and Louis did nothing, Tanza and her comrades might hurt Ubilk. If that happened, it’d be Subaru and Louis’s fault.

His thoughts were that he couldn’t involve Ubilk in such a situation.

However――,

Ubilk: [Oh, don’t worry about it, I’ll be alright. I said I’d give you a consultation, but I’m a consultant who’s just fine without hearing any specifics.]

Subaru: [There’s something like that!?]

Ubilk: [Well, well, if you think you’ve been lied to, lend me your hand.]

Subaru’s concern was overshadowed by Ubilk’s carefree smile as he gently took Subaru’s hand.

Since his right hand was connected to Louis’s, the hand taken was his opposite left hand. Surprised by the touch of Ubilk’s slender, feminine fingers, Subaru hurriedly glanced at Louis.

Louis: [Uu.]

Fortunately, Louis had not a temper short enough as to suddenly attack Ubilk, although she was staring at his movements.

But that meant that he’d have to watch over a situation that was much like a balloon that could burst at any moment, all while having to keep filling it with air.

Subaru: [Umm, Ubilk-san, I don’t have much time, and neither do you… ]

Ubilk: [Whaaat’s~ that, you’re suddenly making me nervous too. ――But I’m already done.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

While he was anxious about Louis’s line of sight aimed at Ubilk’s thin neck, after urging him on, Subaru’s arm was released from Ubilk’s grasp.

Removing his hand, Ubilk gently turned his palm towards Subaru’s face and,

Ubilk: [――The answer you’re seeking’s already within you.]

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru’s eyes widened due to those unexpected words.

At Subaru’s lack of understanding, Ubilk uttered “Ohhh~?”, and tilted his head.

Ubilk: [Maybe that didn’t ring a bell?]

Subaru: [It’s not that it didn’t ring a bell, it’s just that I don’t really understand what it means… ]

The answer he was looking for was also vague.

He felt that it was similar to what fortune tellers used to say on TV back at his original world. It was a common phrase used to scam people by saying something that applied to anyone.

Subaru: [I don’t think there are too many people who aren’t looking for answers…]

Ubilk: [Hmmm~, I’m not talking about something as big as life itself. I’m sorry to say that I’m not a person able to see the movement of stars that well.]

Subaru: [Like a horoscope… ]

Ubilk: [Maybe it’s the problem in front of you. You see, you were both being chased, right? That’s also a problem, isn’t it? What do you think about that?]

Subaru: [But, I know why those people were after me――]

Perhaps confident in his own ability as a counselor, Ubilk tried to get closer to the right answer by delving into Subaru’s inner thoughts.

He wasn’t sure about it; it felt a bit like a scammer’s trick, but once he took it seriously, there was a slight tug at Subaru’s heart.

Subaru: [――――]

That tug seemed to be a very important one.

Of course, he didn’t know just how much of what he felt in his small Subaru head could be believed. However, even if he didn’t believe in the “thoughts” of a small Subaru, there should be room to believe in the “intuition” of a small Subaru, regardless of the size of the body.

The problem that Subaru was facing right now, was――,

Subaru: [――”An abyss with a great view”.]

Ubilk had pointed out that the answer was already in Subaru.

He wasn’t trying to probe deeper into the kind of scam it was. But he felt it.

――That tug he felt, if he could rope it in, he should be able to find the answer he was looking for.

Louis: [Uau?]

Subaru: [I think I might’ve figured it out.]

Louis looked into Subaru’s face once he replied to her, whose shapely eyebrows distorted into a frown. With the sound of Subaru’s voice, which had slightly regained its strength, Louis widened her blue eyes and then smiled happily.

Seeing the change in Louis’s expression from the side, Subaru exhaled, then looked at Ubilk.

Subaru: [The consultation might’ve worked.]

Ubilk: [Ohhh~, I’m glad. I’m relieved, too. If I’m gonna do this, I wanna do my job properly. Then?]

Subaru: [Yeah, I’ll hurry. Thank you for everything, Ubilk-san. ――Let’s go, Louis!]

Louis: [Auau!]

In response to Ubilk, who closed one eye, Subaru pulled Louis’s hand and began sprinting.

He started to run as fast as he could, stopping only once. And upon looking back, he saw that Ubilk’s eyes were widened, possibly because he hadn’t expected Subaru’s actions.

Subaru waved his hand at him, and,

Subaru: [Ubilk-san, I won’t say anything bad about you, so just go back to your parents’! And so that you don’t seem so dangerous, behave yourself, and stop scamming people!] [2]

With gratitude, that was all the self-serving “counsel” Subaru could give him.

△▼△▼△▼△

After that, he watched the boy and girl leave in a hurry.

Ubilk: [“Stop scamming people”, that’s a bit harsh.]

That young man who had been left on his lonesome in the street―― Ubilk, smiled and scratched his cheek with his finger.

It had been a strange time, but judging from the boy’s appearance at the end, he felt that he had been able to help in some way, which made him feel a tug at his heart.

And then――,

Ubilk: [If I don’t go back to my room as soon as possible, Kafma-dono’ll be very displeased with me, and if something actually happens I’ll be in trouble, so I gotta go back. But still…]

Once again, gazing towards the direction the children had left, Ubilk closed one eye.

And――,

Ubilk: [――I dunno what the stars desire, even though that comes with the duty of a Stargazer.]

Translation note: [1] This is just a really emphatic way to write “No fucking way Subaru would let that happen”.

[2] Basically, Subaru’s telling Ubilk to go back to his parents’ home and quit the shady stuff.

--- Chapter 50: A “Hole” With a Great View ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

After parting ways with the shady Ubilk, they’d stopped at a couple of small alleyways.

Surveying his surroundings by looking around, Subaru would make sure that no one was around. While he was naturally also carefully checking that that Ubilk wasn’t inadvertently following them,

Subaru: [――The answer’s within me.]

Louis: [Auu.]

Louis tilted her head as Subaru reflected on what Ubilk had told them.

With Ubilk having told them that he was working as an “counselor”, a job he didn’t understand the details of, Subaru’s impression of him as a conman didn’t go away at all, but he felt like his remark was rather on point.

Subaru really didn’t know whether Ubilk could see what he himself wanted or not, but――,

Subaru: […”An abyss with a great view”, I think I’ve figured it out.]

Ubilk’s words, that the answer was within Subaru, had given him a hint.

They did not mean that the missing Olbart was secretly hiding inside Subaru’s body. It was a metaphor, and Olbart’s hint was also a riddle.

The answer to the riddle “behind the eyelids” was the room they’d started in.

So, naturally, the “abyss with a great view” was a riddle as well, and the answer must be in there somewhere.

And the answer Ubilk had given, that it was within Subaru――,

Subaru: [My train of thought was that it’s a place I’ve been, but it’s not.]

Louis: [Auau?]

Subaru: [There aren’t many places in this city that I’ve been to. If you leave the inn out, there’s only Yorna’s castle. But it doesn’t feel like an abyss. It’s not that at all.]

Louis: [Uu.]

Subaru: [Something like an abyss, what’s that supposed to mean?]

Olbart had given them the hint of “abyss with a great view”, but the expressions “a great view” and “abyss” were pretty much opposites to begin with.

A great view meant that there’d be a good vantage point. An abyss was a deep hole. Something like a hole with a view just didn’t add up.

So one of them was a lie. And since there was no possible lie in it having a good view, the only lie that could’ve possibly been told was about the abyss.

Subaru: [Things that are like an abyss, but aren’t an abyss…]

There was no such place in Chaosflame to which Subaru had been.

He was sure that the same went for Abel and the others who had not left the inn. ――Subaru was unsure of just how much Olbart knew about the Demon City, to begin with.

But he did not believe that Olbart had been able to go around much either. Because his duty was to accompany the false Emperor―― Vincent, and to protect him.

So, as it was a city he didn’t know much about, it was a place that definitely was not convoluted.

“An abyss with a great view”, as it’d been called, was not a place that existed only in Chaosflame.

That was――,

Subaru: [――Louis, we’re going to higher ground.]

Louis: [Uau?]

Louis was surprised at Subaru, who spoke so after shutting his eyes.

He did not think that what he’d meant had been understood. But as long as he could confirm that Louis, holding his hand, would follow him quietly, he wouldn’t ask for anything more.

There wasn’t much time left. Although he was worried that it might be wrong, there was no choice but to give it a try.

Olbart’s hiding place was “an abyss with a great view”, and the closest place to it――,

Subaru: [――We need to get to the closest place to the sky.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Ubilk’s “counselling”, given in a one-sided conversation, had led Subaru to his answer.

“An abyss with a great view” was, put in another way, “a hole with a great view”.

An abyss was not just a hole, it was a deep hole into which one could fall forever and ever. To speak of it further, it was a hole so deep that there seemed to be no limit to its depth.

And, as Ubilk had stated, Subaru had experienced it before.

And that’d happened not too long ago, in real-time.

Subaru: [On that street, when that boy threw me.]

When Subaru had run out, completely out of his mind, a sheepboy had grabbed his arm. Having been hurled away while being apologized to, Subaru’d had a thought over and over again as he rose high towards the sky, spinning around in circles.

――That he was “falling” towards the blue sky.

Of course, taking into account what had happened, that was incorrect.

From the perspective of those around him, the real Subaru had simply been thrown high into the sky. But the person in question, Subaru, who had not known at the time which way was up and which way was down, had thought so.

He had thought he was falling towards the blue sky.

Falling into an endless, blue, bottomless “hole”.

Subaru: [That’s what the hole with a great view is… So it’s the place closest to the sky in this city.]

Subaru believed that was the place Olbart had been referring to as “an abyss with a great view”.

So the idea was to aim for the highest place, but――,

Louis: [Aa, uh!]

Whether she was aware of how Subaru felt or not, Louis, with a broad smile, pointed to a specific place.

As Louis cheerfully waved their joined hands and pointed into the distance with her free hand, Subaru covered his face with his own.

Not because Louis was fooling around, unable to follow what he’d said.

As a matter of fact, this time around was the only one in which Louis had understood Subaru’s idea. She was pointing to the building that was nearest to the sky in the city of Chaosflame.

However, that same building was the cause of Subaru’s concern.

Louis: [Uh!]

Subaru: [So you’re thinking the same thing, too…]

As Louis pulled on his hand with vigor, Subaru looked up towards the building she was pointing to―― the Crimson Lapis Castle.

It was the castle of Yorna Mishigure and the tallest building in the Demon City. And, for the still-shrunken Subaru, it was also a place from which he’d certainly be dismissed at the gate.

In the first place, the purpose of playing hide-and-seek with Olbart had been to answer Yorna’s request to wait for her at the Castle. ――The order for that had been reversed.

Subaru: [But if we keep the badness of Olbart’s character in mind, then there’s a good chance that is a stunt he’d pull.]

Olbart also knew why Subaru and the others wished to go back to how they were before.

Having to go to the Crimson Lapis Castle at least once so that he could return to his original state, was the kind of trick Olbart, known as the “Vicious Old Man”, would likely use.

The problem was――,

Subaru: [How do we get into the Castle…?]

He could no longer call himself Natsumi Schwartz with his “infantilized” and shrunken appearance. If this option existed in the first place, he would have rather put off the game of hide-and-seek with Olbart.

He couldn’t tell Yorna about the situation he was in. Especially because Tanza, Yorna’s attendant, was seemingly in cahoots with Olbart.

In that case, it appeared that it would be quite dangerous to approach the Castle.

Louis: [Uau.]

Subaru: [Yeah, I know… if Tanza’s hiding the fact that she’s cooperating with Olbart-san from Yorna-san, then she’s definitely acting of her own volition.]

It seemed to Subaru that there were relatively few of Tanza’s fellow horned demi-humans around the Crimson Lapis Castle.

If there had been a fuss in the Castle’s vicinity, Yorna would find out what was going on, no matter what. That wouldn’t be something to Tanza’s liking either.

Perhaps it would be better to snitch on Tanza for her mischievousness.

Subaru: [Waitwait, that’s too hasty. There’s always the chance that Yorna-san’ll take Tanza’s side. Or rather, it’s much more likely that she will.]

In a situation with two children, one of them beloved, the other one unknown, which one would be believed was a no-brainer.

No matter how he looked at it, the plan of telling Yorna what Tanza was up to, was one that should rather not be acted on.

But Subaru had a hunch that his feeling of the amount of enemies near the Crimson Lapis Castle being small was correct.

Subaru: [Best option’s to sneak into the Castle after all… Now we just have to pray that Olbart-san’s hiding there at the top. Louis, you got a sec?]

Louis: [Aa?]

Subaru: [That, warp of yours… it allowed me to fly with you, right?]

Staring into Louis’s blue eyes, Subaru posed that question.

The first time Louis had gone on a rampage in the street, she’d used a Blink to get out from under the collapsed tent, then teleported to another location as Subaru covered her.

At that moment, he’d felt something like the contents of his stomach being churned around, which was not something he wanted to experience again and again, but needless to say, it was very convenient.

There seemed to be a limit to how far they could fly, though.

Subaru: [With that power, we can get inside the Castle. Can you use it properly?]

Louis: [Au!]

Subaru: [You sure? If it’s just “probably”, we’ll have problems. If you don’t know how to use it properly, you and I both will be in danger. So.]

Louis: [Uu…]

Louis puffed out her cheeks in frustration as Subaru continued to push her. As she did, she tightened her grip on Subaru’s hand, using more force,

Louis: [Uau.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Poof , in the blink of an eye, the scenery around them changed.

Because he had been focusing on Louis in front of him, Louis’s appearance did not change. However, the scenery around her quickly changed from a dimly-lit alley to a brightly-lit street, to a room in a building somewhere, then to the roof of a building, and so on.

As if to prove that she had proper control over it.

Subaru: [I-I get it! I get it, enough! That’s enough!]

Louis: [Auu.]

Subaru: [I lose! I give up, I lose!]

Louis let the air out of her puffy cheeks and relaxed them like she’d won. Kneeling beside her, having gone through that horrifying experience, Subaru felt a chill run down his spine.

While holding hands with Subaru, Louis had performed at least five short-distance warps in a flash. Each time, the scenery around them changed. What a ridiculous experience.

It was entirely akin to a nightmare.

Subaru: [But, this will do… Uh.]

Louis: [Uu?]

Subaru: [Ouehhhhhk!]

As he tried to clench his fists, a surge of gastric juices immediately burned his throat. While still kneeling on the spot, Subaru spewed the contents of his stomach onto the ground in a grand display.

The short-distance warp and the feeling of having his internal organs being churned about were inseparable.

But――,

Subaru: [T-that’s convenient. With this… Ouehk.]

Louis: [Uua.]

Still fighting the acidic urge rising inside him, Subaru glared at the Crimson Lapis Castle.

Next to him, Louis, wrinkling her nose, withdrew her hand for the first time, and waited for Subaru to finish vomiting from a distance.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Pointing in the direction they should fly to, he squeezed Louis’s hand.

That was the signal that Subaru had taught Louis, to sneak into the Crimson Lapis Castle.

It was like training a puppy to do tricks, but in reality, it was not that simple.

He wasn’t going to treat Louis like a dog, or a puppy, which would’ve been much cuter. At least he wouldn’t have to be scared of who she might jump on and hurt badly at any moment.

It was necessary to be very careful when dealing with her.

Subaru: [ Stop .]

Calling out quietly and pulling on her arm, he made Louis stop in place.

Subaru put his finger to his mouth, giving her an instruction with “Shhhh”. Louis did the same, putting her finger to her mouth and mimicked an “Uu”, then shut her mouth.

After checking the scene, Subaru kept Louis behind him and gently peeked around the corner at the end of the passage. ――About ten meters away, there was a strong-looking gatekeeper.

The gatekeeper, sitting dignified in front of the gate with his arms crossed, was a demi-human lizardman, his face resembling that of a lizard. His whole body was covered with blue scales, making him look very tough and cool.

He didn’t seem to be taking his job as a gatekeeper very seriously, because Subaru could see from a distance that he was opening his mouth wide, letting out a yawn. But it seemed unlikely that they could avoid him and make it through the gate.

So――,

Subaru: [Louis.]

He called Louis’s name to draw her attention to himself. Then, in front of her, Subaru pointed his finger at the wall for her to see―― the stone wall that surrounded the Crimson Lapis Castle.

And with that, he squeezed Louis’s hand tightly.

Subaru & Louis: [――――]

The next moment, Subaru and Louis’s bodies had leaped over the wall of the Castle, and entered the grounds of the Castle.

It was an infiltration that skipped the process of arguing with the gatekeepers and of breaking through them by force―― He felt sorry for the guards, since even his childlike mind conscience was aware of it being cheating.

No amount of tight security or vigilance would help in the face of Louis’s teleport.

Maybe surveillance cameras could thwart their attempts, but no such thing existed in this other world. In a world where security had to rely on manpower, this instant warp was a complete cheat.

Although――,

Subaru: [We can’t afford to be seen, we’ve got to be very careful…]

He could make excuses for anything provided it was outside the Castle or outside its grounds, but if they were found after entering the castle grounds, he wouldn’t be able to come up with something.

Louis’ short-range warp was also limited to two uses in a row. If used three times or more, it would definitely make the user feel sick to the point of throwing up, or worse, passing out.

What if someone found them, and Subaru passed out while escaping?

Subaru: [No one’d be able to stop this kid.]

Louis: [Uu?]

Louis tilted her head innocently and looked at Subaru as it appeared that she didn’t understand his concerns.

He would not let her kill anyone else, any more. ――That had been Subaru’s vow, after taking Louis and running away.

The shrunken, young Natsuki Subaru could not come to a proper decision about Louis. So at least, he wanted to come to the best conclusion that his current self could.

That was the only way to keep Louis from taking someone’s life.

Subaru: […We can’t just grab onto the outer wall and then jump while taking breaks, can we?]

His aim was the “abyss with a great view”; even if that was the top of the Castle, reaching it by solely relying on Louis’s warp and climbing up from outside could prove to be difficult.

They would probably slip and fall down at some point, and no matter how stealthy and secluded they were, if they were climbing the castle walls, someone would notice them.

Not to mention that this was Yorna Mishigure’s castle.

Subaru: [It’d be the absolute worst if Yorna-san found us.]

On their way here, they’d been in many fights against the pursuers who’d taken in a part of Yorna’s power via the Soul Marriage Technique.

Even though Louis was a powerful fighter, yet unskilled, they would be no match for Yorna, a member of the Nine Divine Generals.

What would happen to Louis if they were to fight?

If they were forced to fight Yorna, Subaru and the others would not be able to accomplish what they had come to the city for in the first place. It would be a huge blunder. He wouldn’t even be able to face Rem.

Subaru: [There’s no other option but to zip through the Castle while being careful.]

Based on the experience of entering the Castle once the previous day, there were very few people on patrol inside.

Even when there were visitors, they’d been left alone in the waiting room. When no one was around, the security would probably be even more full of holes. The yawn of the gatekeeper was proof of this.

Although Subaru wondered if he could be so careless in the castle of the city’s ruler.

Subaru: [――It’s no use complaining about it, is it? We’re already in here, after all.]

Louis: [Uu?]

Subaru: [Yeah, let’s go… Let’s pray no one’s on the other side of the wall.]

Since they were castle walls after all, there was no way he’d be able to hear what was on the other side, even if he put an ear to the wall. So it was completely up to luck whether or not people would spot them when passing through the castle walls for the first time.

In his experience thus far, Subaru could not say that he was lucky.

And yet――,

Subaru: […I don’t see anyone.]

They had not incurred the misfortune of being found all of a sudden in an almost deserted castle.

Subaru: [――――]

Looking to the left and then to the right, Subaru shielded Louis behind his back and peeked into a corridor of the Crimson Lapis Castle, which Louis and Subaru had safely slipped into with her short-range warp. He had not paid it any mind the previous day, but when walking on the wooden floor, he had to be very careful of the sound of his footsteps.

Also, if they were to encounter someone in the hallway, there was hardly any place to hide on either side.

If the need arose, they would have to warp into a different room without hesitation.

Subaru: [As long as we don’t use it too many times in a row, we should be fine, I think.]

He himself was unaware of what backlash Louis would bear, but if Subaru were to do one teleport at a time, with some space in between, he could probably tolerate it without throwing up.

In some cases, they should consider using the teleport, not just left and right, but upwards as well.  ――No, perhaps they should rather actively try to go upwards.

Subaru: [Would that result in less time wandering around here, as opposed to looking carefully for stairs? But if we go up too leisurely, we might be found by someone.]

Of course, if Yorna lived in the Crimson Lapis Castle, she would always be present. And since she presided as the Lord of the Castle, the room in which she resided would be at the top.

Going to the top of the Castle meant getting closer to Yorna.

Subaru didn’t really get it, but there were people in the world who were experts in sensing the presence of others.

Even with Louis’s teleport, no matter how much he tried to suppress his breathing and footsteps, there were still some things he could not eliminate. How much of a disadvantage it was going to be, would be the coming challenge.

Subaru: [Anyway, we’re going to be as careful as we can. If we’re found――]

???: [――If you’re found, then what?]

That very moment, Subaru’s shoulders hitched in fright due to the bone-chilling voice coming from behind him.

The shock was also felt by the one holding his hand, Louis, her eyes widening in surprise. Subaru and Louis turned around with a snap.

And there, was――,

???: [It’s so cute to see children holding hands with each other. I can’t help but feel like my cheeks will form a smile against my will.]

The one person they should not have run into, the beautiful Yorna Mishigure, was standing there.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [――Ah.]

No one was supposed to be there.

Up until a moment ago, there had been no one in the hallway aside from Subaru and Louis.

Yorna had appeared out of nowhere, even though she had not been there until just a bit ago.

This woman was the sort of being that held the kind of power that ridiculed the caution and care of ordinary people like Subaru, kicking all sorts of thorough preparations to the curb.

――One of this other world’s transcendent beings.

Yorna: [Either of your faces are unfamiliar to me.]

Yorna looked down at Subaru and Louis’s faces, and muttered so, the smoke rising from the kiseru in her hand.

She was dressed in the same glamorous kimono she’d worn at the top of the Castle the previous day. However, having only seen her sitting most of the time, he felt overwhelmed upon being faced with her standing in front of him.

Yorna was taller than him, partly because Subaru had been shrunk. Though she wasn’t quite as tall as Medium, thanks to her tall-soled footwear, her line of sight was probably above that of Abel’s.

As he stared into her blue gaze at that height, his throat froze over.

Yorna: [There’s no need to be so frightened. What brings you two to my castle?]

Subaru: [Uh…]

The tone of her voice was soft and flat, and the one being asked cursed himself for his stupidity.

Even though Subaru believed he’d snuck in with plenty of caution, he hadn’t prepared a single excuse in case he was discovered. Short-sighted, that was exactly what he had been.

As expected, Subaru stammered, unable to say anything, and Yorna narrowed her almond-shaped eyes. He’d look suspicious if he went on without saying anything, his heart pumping so hard it was about to explode――,

Yorna: [Are you perhaps here for Tanza?]

Subaru: [Huh…?]

Yorna: [The reason that brings you to the Castle.]

Subaru’s frozen throat made a cracking sound as she pointed that out.

It was completely unexpected that she’d be able to see through him to such a degree in the few seconds he had spent unable to say anything. At the same time, Subaru realized that his true identity had been discerned.

In only a single glance, the long journey to the Demon City and everything else had been for nothing. He thought he heard Abel’s voice coldly dismissing him as a “fool”, inside his head.

Subaru’s reckless endeavor ended here, with the illusion that his feet had lost their footing, and that he was plummeting headlong into the depths of regret――,

Louis: [Uau.]

The feeling of his hand being squeezed tight stopped his consciousness from falling into complete darkness.

Without thinking, Subaru looked next to him and saw Louis standing beside him, looking at his face. Louis’s blue eyes, trembling slightly were conveying that they―― that Subaru’s instructions had been that she could fly at any time.

The intense look in Louis’s eyes was enough to restore Subaru’s unsteady spirit.

Once he looked up, he saw that Yorna was quietly waiting for an answer to her question, not even trying to rush Subaru. ――It might still be too early to give up.

Yorna had asked if Tanza was the reason for Subaru and Louis’s presence in the Castle.

That fit. But only half. To make up the other half, he would have to take a gamble.

Subaru: [Um, Yorna-san… Yorna-sama.]

Yorna: [What is it?]

Subaru: [Where’s Tanza-chan?]

Yorna narrowed her eyes at Subaru’s question, who had now found his resolve.

For a moment that lasted for less than a few seconds, Subaru experienced a state of mind like that of a rat caught by a fox. Most likely, the actual difference in power between him and his opponent was bigger than that of a rat and a fox.

Faced with such an opponent, the few seconds that went by seemed like an eternity. Before the silent Subaru and Louis, Yorna put her kiseru to her mouth and exhaled purple smoke from her lungs, then,

Yorna: [I’m sorry, but Tanza’s out on an errand. It should be time for her to return soon…]

Subaru: [――――]

With Yorna’s answer, Subaru squeezed Louis’s hand slightly tighter. This caused Louis to look at Subaru, her eyes wandering to see if he was pointing anywhere.

He felt sorry for Louis’s response, as that was not supposed to be her cue to fly. It was just that, the moment Subaru realized he’d won the gamble, he strengthened his grip.

He’d won the gamble, yes, he’d won.

Yorna’s previous question was a sign that she hadn’t seen through the true nature of Subaru and Louis’s goal. Naturally, their true identity had also not been exposed.

It was a much simpler, gentler question.

In fact, after that answer of hers to Subaru, Yorna closed one eye and said, “Really”,

Yorna: [I’m also worried about Tanza. Although devoting herself to me is fine, forgetting one’s promise to friends isn’t a good thing for a subordinate.]

Subaru: [F-friends…]

Yorna: [She’s a loyal child, isn’t she? I’ve always told her that she can’t always focus on me.]

Remarking that, Yorna shrugged after giving a comment on Tanza’s attitude.

Due to Yorna’s words and gestures, Subaru raised his eyebrow in surprise.

The previous day, she was the malicious and unfathomable Empress of the Demon City that had shown herself atop the Castle.

That impression had done a 180, because Yorna’s current attitude felt like something completely different. That attitude was one that was more familiar and easier to understand, the feeling of an adult who cared for children.

As if to support this impression, Yorna let out a small exhale followed by a “Hmm”,

Yorna: [Tanza does have some carelessness, but I can’t wait for her to return. ――Let’s wait for Tanza’s return in my room.]

With that, Yorna turned her back to them, and walked away slowly.

Despite the thick soles of her shoes, her graceful walk remained silent on the wooden floor, making him not believe his eyes at how sophisticated she was down to her toes.

Then, with Subaru fascinated by the mere sight of her walking, Yorna suddenly came to a stop in front of him,

Yorna: [Come along now. I’ll show you the way.]

Subaru: [Ueh…!? Yorna-sama will!?]

Louis: [Au?]

Yorna’s unexpected kindness stunned Subaru. Louis tilted her head in surprise at Subaru’s surprise, and Yorna, watching the two of them, gently put her hand over her mouth and smiled.

Not a mean one however, just a gentle smile.

Yorna: [This is my castle. Of course, it’s my duty to entertain guests. And now that Tanza is out, there’s no one to keep the two of you company.]

Subaru: [Ah, umm…]

Yorna: [It’s also the first time a friend of that child has come here. Now, come along with me.]

Jerking her chin, Yorna commanded them to follow along. Following her gesture with his eyes, Subaru wondered for a second what he should do.

He suspected that this could be a trap, but quickly dropped the idea.

Because Yorna had no reason to lure Subaru and Louis into a trap. If she wanted to, she could subdue Subaru with a single finger and take out Louis with a couple.

In that case however, it meant that she really had volunteered to be their guide out of the goodness of her heart. That would be completely different from the impression Subaru had of the Yorna from yesterday, though――.

Louis: [Uau.]

As Subaru let the contents of his head whirl around and around, Louis tugged on his hand. Apparently, Louis had no objection to following Yorna.

Louis’s reaction was the final push to get Subaru’s feet moving.

Louis’s ability to perceive danger was probably better than Subaru’s. If Louis wasn’t wary of Yorna, he didn’t have to worry about her doing something to him anytime soon.

Yorna: [Children?]

Subaru: [C-coming!]

In response to Yorna’s reiterated call to Subaru, he responded with a faltering voice and started walking. Yorna’s eyes narrowed as she resumed her steps, keeping up with Subaru’s short strides.

He wasn’t sure if he should take this as good luck or not, but it was much better than being interrogated by her.

Yorna: [You children aren’t from here, are you?]

Subaru: [Eh…]

Yorna: [Faces I haven’t seen. You haven’t received my “love letter”, either.]

Unfamiliar faces, faces she hadn’t seen before, were the words she spoke. The expression “love letter” that followed was something Subaru had no idea about, so he nodded his head with a “Y-yes”,

Subaru: [From out of town… with a scary grown-up, that is.]

Yorna: [Scary grown-up… That sounds like a lot of trouble. Why are you with Scary Grown-Up-san?]

Subaru: [I-it’s because…]

Subaru answered Yorna’s question carefully, but with a certain amount of truthfulness.

In reality, the fact that he was working with the scary grown-up―― with Abel, was very much a matter of chance. Perhaps it should be in the past tense, as in, “we had been working together”.

It was hard to imagine that Abel would readily forgive Subaru for running away with Louis.

To begin with――,

Subaru: [I don’t know if I should be forgiven…]

He didn’t believe it was fair to blame him for not being able to decide on how to handle Louis.

Sure, he was sorry that that he had hidden Louis’s true identity from them. But if this was the result of revealing the truth, then he’d been right to conceal it.

If there was anything to apologize for, it was that he’d been unable to hide it until the very end, and revealing it halfway through.

Yorna: [――. Looks like you’ve got some complex feelings about it.]

Then, Yorna suddenly slowed down and glanced back at him, tapping her finger on her brow. There was nothing wrong with the skin which the white finger was touching. She indicated not her own, but Subaru’s brow.

There were probably wrinkles carved deeply into it, made by unanswerable thoughts.

Yorna: [A child shouldn’t make such a gloomy face. ――I’ll spank that scary grown-up for you.]

Subaru: [Spank… Huh, Yorna-sama will?]

Yorna: [Fufu, I’m quite powerful, despite my looks.]

Yorna raised her sleeves and made them flutter about gently; at her words, Subaru had a vision of Abel being spanked and immediately shook his head sideways. [1]

There was a gap in Subaru’s usual impression of Yorna, in that he felt that Yorna’s punishment wouldn’t be as cute as it sounded. Which came as a particularly big surprise.

Subaru: [I’m glad you’re worried about me, but I’m fine! I mean, he’s probably someone who’d see reason once you talked with him…]

Yorna: [Is that so? If he’s someone who’d see reason with just words, it’d be the best. But there are many people in this world who have trouble finding reason in talks, you know.]

Subaru: [――. Yorna-sama.]

Yorna: [Yes?]

He wondered on whether to say anything or not for a moment, cutting his words off. Because of this, Yorna stopped in her tracks.

A mixture of things went through his head: A bad feeling for stopping her so many times, worry that Yorna would get angry if he told her what he wanted to say, his own thoughtlessness for blurting out what he did even though he knew it was a mistake.

Because he was smaller now, he felt that his ability to think and judge things were really decreasing.

However, the biggest problem seemed to be this impatience or lack of restraint, both in bringing Louis along and in sneaking into the Crimson Lapis Castle unprepared.

Although he’d hesitated to say this in that impulsive moment――,

Subaru: [Well, Yorna-sama, you really are listening to what we say. It’s just that, I was sure that people of high status were scary…]

Yorna: [Hmmm.]

Realizing that he’d said something very rude, Subaru was unable to look Yorna in the eye while speaking. But upon hearing what Subaru’d said, Yorna giggled a teeny bit,

Yorna: [From the looks of it, you’re not demi-humans either.]

Subaru: [Ummm, yeah, that’s right.]

Yorna: [What does this city look like, from your point of view?]

Subaru: [This place…]

In response to that abrupt question, Subaru turned his gaze to a window in the corridor. The window high up on the wall was too tiny for Subaru to take a look outside through it, given his current height.

But he could tell there was a dim blue sky close-by.

Subaru: [It’s amazing, it’s such a busy city. There are so many sorts of people.]

Choosing his words carefully, Subaru expressed his impressions as honestly as possible.

The impression of a busy city had been there from the very beginning. The appearance of the city as a mishmash of things piled up, as well as the variety of people living in it, all gave this impression.

To his eyes and ears, it gave him a strong impression of a hectic city.

Yorna: [You’re a very honest child. It’s pleasant to hear you say that.]

Having heard Subaru’s thoughts, Yorna’s lips formed into a faint smile.

She then directed her gaze at the same window that Subaru was looking at―― likely gazing at the outside view in a different way.

Yorna: [This city’s full of people who have a hard time living in other places. Those that became insignificant outside the city, children with nowhere else to go… children that would go unnoticed, even if they raised their voices.]

Subaru: [Even, if they raised their voices…]

Yorna: [If we don’t lend an ear to the children who’ve reached the last place they can go to, then who will?]

As she spoke so with the kiseru in her mouth, an elegant glow flashed in Yorna’s eyes.

Experiencing a sensation akin to his heart being stabbed, Subaru felt terribly ashamed of himself. ――Now, after hearing Yorna’s words, he found that his impression of her had changed drastically.

Tanza: [She is a loving woman. Loves her allies and hates her enemies. ——Lover of all things that reside in the Demon City.]

That was what the little deergirl Tanza had said when he asked her about Yorna the previous day.

Subaru’d had no clue whatsoever as to what that meant at the time. Once Abel had told them about the Soul Marriage Technique, he’d wondered if the girl had meant its power.

But perhaps that wasn’t what Tanza had meant, it was truly as she had said.

――It was, the answer to what Yorna Mishigure cherished from her heart.

Subaru: [I’m so sorry, Yorna-san…]

As soon as Subaru thought of this, Subaru couldn’t hold back again and apologized.

Hearing Subaru suddenly apologize, Yorna smiled, exhaling purple smoke,

Yorna: [There’s nothing to be sorry for. The reason why people in high positions always look scary is that if they didn’t, they’d be scared too. There’s also the logic, that people of high status wish to be feared.]

Subaru: [People of high status, wish to be feared…]

What was that? He felt that he’d just been told something he would do well to remember.

And it seemed to be a way of thinking that maybe Yorna was no stranger to.

Yorna: [Don’t worry, I’m not one to do something as disgraceful as to get angry with a child over something like this. By a stroke of luck, I’m in a good mood.]

Louis: [Au?]

Yorna: [Yes, that’s right. ――There are signs that I might be about to get what I’ve wanted for a long time.]

Lowering the corners of her eyes, Yorna fluttered her sleeves around once more.

There was no trace of anger in her answer. As she had said herself, it was probably because she wasn’t the kind of person who dealt with children in a mature way, and more so because she was in a really good mood.

Perhaps the reason behind her good mood were the contents of the letter Abel had sent her――,

Subaru: [――――]

With that in mind, Subaru held back this time and thought carefully.

Yorna’s positive attitude toward the missive, and whether she kept her word or not, depended on whether Abel, Subaru, and the others could safely join her at the Crimson Lapis Castle.

But it was Tanza, Yorna’s attendant, who was interfering with Subaru and the others’ efforts.

From their earlier exchange, it was clear to him that Yorna really cared about Tanza.

If her own desires clashed with Tanza’s, which ones would Yorna choose? ――Yorna, who had in the past defied the Emperor for the sake of someone else.

Once Yorna found out the truth about the situation, what would she do?

Yorna: [――You’re wrinkling your brow again, aren’t you?]

With a tap, Yorna put her finger between her eyebrows and pointed out Subaru’s distress. Following Yorna’s gesture, Louis also tapped her forehead.

Looking at Yorna and Louis’s appearances, Subaru let out a small sigh.

Maybe this too was a hasty idea.

But since he did not have the brains to think properly about whether it was the right or wrong thing to do――,

Subaru: [Hey, Yorna-san, I need to ask something…]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Over the roof tiles of the castle tower of the Crimson Lapis Castle, where red and blue brilliance mixed together, he laid his buttocks.

And so, while basking in the clear wind characteristic of this high altitude, he placed the gourd he kept in his breast pocket to his mouth. While quenching his thirst with alcohol, he rested his chin on his hand while the spectacle under his eyes unfolded.

???: [Kakakakka, what a superb view.]

Looking down at the unorganized streets of the city with various styles intermingling, an aged body’s throat rang.

His hoarse laugh was disturbed by the wind, disappearing into nothingness without reaching anyone. It was engulfed by the tumult of the Demon City, vanishing gradually every time the monstrous old man was amused.

He was fond of that which was chaotic.

The chaotic townscape, the melting pot of various races of demi-human, the motifs drifting to the left and right.

Even if something only meant that something else would fall into chaos, it would make him want to support it.

???: [It’s a bad habit of ol’ people ta scramble and eat whatever they can get their hands on. Anyhow――]

After taking a large gulp from his gourd, the old man wiped the alcohol spilling from the corner of his mouth with his sleeves and shrugged his shoulders. And so, still sitting cross-legged, he rotated his hips and turned around, raising an eyebrow.

It was a sight that would make an old man fond of chaos drool――,

???: [Even if they reached where I’m at, they’re a way too unpredictable bunch, truly.]

In front of the monstrous old man who thus spoke, three figures were stepping atop the tiles of the roof of the castle tower.

???: [Found yooou~, Olbart-san!]

The one who was pointing at Olbart, was a young boy holding the hand of a young girl with blonde hair.

And standing behind them like a guardian was the Empress, the ruler of the Demon City.

Translation note:

[1] The word used here, “仕置” is particularly used in the context of “punishing a child”. So we took some, ahem, liberties.

--- Chapter 51: The Demon City’s Mistress ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

A placid breeze bathed in light gently caressed Subaru’s bangs.

While savoring the ticklish feeling, Subaru felt the touch of a girl’s hand linked with his, and the breath of the tall, beautiful woman standing to his back.

The location they were in was the top of the Crimson Lapis Castle, above the large room on the top floor. He stepped onto the roof tiles of the Castle, the “place closest to the sky”, from which he could now view Chaosflame.

Subaru had led them to the place closest to an “abyss with a great view”.

Subaru: [Olbart-san, I think you’re a real jerk.]

The hand not linked with Louis’s beside him, the one that Subaru was pointing with, was being directed at a small old man sitting on the edge of the Castle’s roof.

Sitting cross-legged, spinning around on his rear, the monstrous old man―― Olbart, put his mouth to the gourd in his hand, gulping down the alcohol within.

And――,

Olbart: [No way, boy. You’re not hungry, are ya?]

Subaru: […H-hungry?]

Olbart: [Yeah, that’s right, ya hungry? After all, ya just woke up and had no time ta eat, did’cha? Yer hunger’s got a lot ta do with both yer brain and yer body’s functionin’, ya know.]

While saying that and setting down his gourd, Olbart pulled out another package from his pocket. Before a slightly alarmed Subaru, Olbart gave a small “kakaka”, and unwrapped the package.

Wrapped in the package was a black, round object the size of a golf ball.

Subaru: [That’s…]

Olbart: [It’s called a ration ball, it’s portable food for us shinobi. One of these’ll last’cha a day and keep yer head and body in shape. Tastes awful, tho’.] [1]

Plucking a ration ball from its wrapper with his fingers, Olbart waved it about as to show it off.

From the way it looked, it felt like it was emergency food made without taste in mind. It might be nutritious, but Subaru didn’t think he’d want to eat it.

Olbart rolled it around in his palm, and said,

Olbart: [I’ve been a shinobi since I was young, so naturally, I’ve been familiar with this since I was a wee lad. And every time I ate it while workin’, I thought ta myself, “Like the great ol’ men of my village, I wish I could just retire and not eat this stuff anymore”.]

Subaru: […Then, why not do just that? Olbart-san, you said you’re the head honcho of the shinobi village, aren’t you a big shot?]

Olbart: [Oh, you’re right. What I’m sayin’ is that, right now, I’m better and stronger than the ol’ men who used ta work me to death all willy-nilly… But somehow, I’m still eatin’ this stuff.]

With that, Olbart threw the ration ball that he’d been rolling in his palm into his mouth. He chewed and gulped down on his provisions, which the monstrous old man had described as not good.

After that, he opened his mouth to show that he’d eaten it all. Then,

Olbart: [After all, ya can’t break a habit, that’s what I’m sayin’. This mess of food I put together without regard ta taste or appearance’s the best food for me. Doesn’t hearin’ this make ya cry? No? Kakakakka!]

Olbart showed a toothy grin, causing Subaru to remember something eerie.

Unsure of what he was trying to tell him with the current conversation, Subaru thought this seemed to be something unrelated to his childish youth. However, it seemed it shouldn’t be ignored in its entirety.

He felt that maybe it was Olbart’s way of praising or complimenting him.

Yorna: [――Old Man Olbart, this is my castle, do you recall?]

After the conversation died down, Yorna Mishigure, the Empress of the Demon City, having come to the roof of the Castle along with Subaru and Louis, spoke up at last.

Staring into Yorna’s blue eyes, Olbart stopped laughing and said, “Yeah”,

Olbart: [Of course, I know that. To be looked down on by the Lord of the Castle while sittin’ on her castle’s a nice feelin’. Doin’ what’cha love’s the secret to a long life.]

Yorna: [That’s quite the indulgent hobby for a man of your stature. I would’ve never thought you’d do something like this.]

Olbart: [Ho, how’s that so?]

Yorna: [It’s only natural, isn’t it? ――It’d be insane to know this secret of longevity and still shorten your own lifespan.]

Subaru could feel the heat from Yorna, who smiled seductively while putting her sleeve gently over her mouth. Yorna’s anger was contained in her gentle gesture, and of course it was Olbart who it was directed to.

Olbart must have noticed Yorna’s anger, but the monstrous old man remained seated on his haunches, throwing the next ration ball into his mouth from the package open on his lap.

Olbart: [So, why are ya three gettin’ along again? A foxgirl and two lil’ kids aren’t friends in any way.]

Yorna: [Unfortunately, unlike the Vicious Old Man Olbart here, I have no taste for teasing children and no reason to torture them. When it comes to children, it’s only natural that I’d treat them with courtesy. What’s more――]

Cutting off her words there, Yorna twirled the golden kiseru around her finger. Then pointing the tip of the kiseru , the part from which smoke trailed, at Olbart, she continued.

Yorna: [If I hear that Old Man Olbart has misled these children and deceived my attendant… as the mistress of this city, I’ll do what I must.]

Olbart: [Hoho, ho.]

Gently stroking his chin, Olbart’s amused eyes turned to Subaru and Louis.

Subaru nodded deeply, sensing the intent of his gaze.

Subaru: [I’m sorry, but I had to tell on you. It’s not really a foul under Olbart-san’s rules . You had us get attacked too anyway.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! You’re never at a loss for words, boy. But that’s the right answer. I’m the one who sicced ‘em on ya, so ta whine ‘bout it if it’s done ta me’d be pretty pathetic. But…]

Subaru: [But?]

Olbart: [Good work comin’ up with that when yer mind’s gotta be havin’ trouble keepin’ up as well. Are ya mayhaps from the Vollachian Imperial Family? You’re a match for ‘em in underhandedness.]

Subaru: [Don’t say such scary things…]

Considering only the hair color of Subaru and the current Emperor, Abel, they had a lot in common, but there were too many differences in other areas. Their facial structure and the length of their legs were proof of this.

In the first place, to say that his personality was as bad as that of those of the Vollachian Imperial Family would be slander.

For example――,

Subaru: [I always say thank you when someone does something nice for me.]

Yorna: [And with a smile and a loud voice too. That’s what a child should be like. I’m going to tell Tanza to follow your example. Anyway――]

Parting her lips, Yorna gave her evaluation of Subaru’s naughtiness, then lowered the tone of her voice. After that her eyes narrowed, and the harmonious atmosphere came to an end.

Because――,

Yorna: [I can’t rebuke my faithful servant without her being here to respond to me. Now, where did you hide her, Old Man Olbart?]

Yorna’s question was the main reason why she’d come along.

Olbart: [――――]

Feeling Yorna’s tense pressure and its aftershocks directed at Olbart, Subaru firmly bit his lip and checked the sound of his own beating heart.

――Yorna had found Subaru downstairs, just inside the Castle, and after getting to know Yorna’s personality, which he did not the previous day, Subaru had taken another big gamble.

He told Yorna as much as he could about their situation and the “hide-and-seek” game that was happening here in Chaosflame.

Of course, Subaru did not mention Abel’s true identity, and he didn’t tell anyone that he and the others had been “infantilized” by Olbart. What was important was that Subaru and his friends were playing “hide-and-seek” with Olbart, and that Tanza was helping the latter.

In order to appeal to her as sincerely as possible and clear up her suspicions as she listened patiently, Subaru had decided to prepare himself to face the situation with all his might, and confided in Yorna about the situation.

And after hearing Subaru’s appeal, Yorna thought it over for a while――,

Yorna: [――I’m not a woman who can determine whether the words of a desperate child are true or false.]

Giving that answer, she then accompanied Subaru and Louis to the top of the Crimson Lapis Castle.

Subaru: [Honestly, I didn’t think she was someone I could talk to so much, but…]

Louis: [Auau.]

Subaru: [Yeah, I know.]

Hearing Subaru’s murmur, Louis shook the hand she was holding and pursed her lips.

In response, Subaru told himself that this was a stroke of luck that had come about from a bunch of coincidences turning up. If any of those factors were missing, this situation couldn’t have been created.

That he had separated from Abel and his sinister designs.

That he had reached the Crimson Lapis Castle with the help of Ubilk’s “counsel”.

That he had been found by Yorna personally rather than by a guard.

That he had been together with Louis, not Al nor Medium.

And finally, that Subaru, the one most affected by the “infantilization”, had taken a gamble.

The main reason why Yorna had listened to Subaru’s words was because she’d seen no lie in them, and took them as a serious appeal from a child.

Just as there were grown-ups who wouldn’t take children’s words seriously and laughed them away.

Other adults would take them seriously because those words came from children, and because of that they would try to meet their expectations.

Subaru had not expected one of the Nine Divine Generals of the bloodthirsty Vollachian Empire to be one of the latter.

Subaru: [Who was it again that said Yorna-san’s crazy…]

Perhaps an argument would be that she was treated that way because she didn’t approve of Vollachia’s mantra of “survival of the fittest”.

At the very least, Subaru had no choice aside from thinking she did not, after being treated so nicely.

Yorna: [Old Man Olbart, I have two requests for you.]

As she said this, Yorna gently held up two fingers.

Subaru couldn’t say anything to step into the conversation between the transcendental beings that disregarded him. All he could do was to be aware of the touch of Louis’s hand so that he could move if something happened.

The only way to escape from the rooftop area would be to teleport downstairs.

Olbart: [Those demands of yers, let’s hear ‘em for the time bein’.]

Yorna: [First, you must return Tanza to me.]

Olbart: [Oh, com’on, that’s a bit unreasonable. I’m sure that girl’s got her own ideas. If she didn’t, she wouldn’t’ve planned somethin’ without tellin’ ya, Your Highness.]

Yorna: [――Silence.]

Olbart admitted that he had an idea where Tanza was somewhere in the middle there, but his mocking voice was cut short by a single, sharp word from Yorna.

The serene power of that word was enough to change the atmosphere.

In fact, even Subaru, who wasn’t the one the word was directed at, held his breath.

So Yorna, having silenced Olbart’s chatter, brought the kiseru she was toying with in her hand to her mouth and slowly filled her lungs with purple smoke.

Yorna: [Unfortunately, I’ve got no intention of hearing Tanza’s complaints or thoughts from anyone other than from her own mouth. And I don’t think I’d be able to bear to hear it after I’ve traced them to the tongue of the Vicious Old Man.]

Olbart: [Kakaka, seems no one likes me here.]

Yorna: [I’m sure down inside you know quite well why would that be, don’t you?]

Yorna smiled aggressively and tilted her head, her hair ornaments swaying noisily. Even the kanzashi stuck in her luxuriously-tied hair and her adorned beauty seemed to Subaru to be Yorna’s weapons.

―― People of high status wished to be feared .

Yorna had been the one to tell Subaru about this idea. Maybe it was not only about scaring people, but also about making them feel her beauty.

Yorna: [One more thing, the game you’re playing with these children, you must stop it.]

Olbart: [A game, huh? It’s a game, but a serious one.]

Yorna: [As I said yesterday in the presence of His Excellency the Emperor. ――I’d like the messengers to be left alone and, regardless of what His Excellency might do or say, they’ll be protected by me.]

――She would not let anyone touch Subaru’s group.

Unexpectedly, Yorna’s decision had been conveyed by Tanza’s own mouth. And as Yorna herself intended to abide by that decision, she was angered that her wish had been broken.

In conclusion――,

Yorna: [Within this Demon City, you wish to make an enemy of me?]

Olbart: [Ohh, scary, scary. You’re a scary lass… Oh, in a way, I didn’t interfere with anyone, let’s say that’s my excuse.]

Yorna: [That is your interpretation, isn’t it, Old Man Olbart? ――Whose town do you believe this is, anyway? Do you think I’m a woman so open-minded that I’d laugh and pardon it?]

Subaru felt the air boiling, his entire body covered in goosebumps.

He got that Yorna was getting worked up as she reached the second half of her words. Of course, Yorna was not one to lack the self-discipline as to show that in her tone of voice and facial expressions.

But he understood. Because Subaru had seen many really angry people.

When people were truly angry, with their lives on the line, their emotions would flare. And that much would be visible by just being by their side. There was very, very raw anger there.

Louis: [Uu…]

Feeling similar to Subaru, Louis gave a small growl due to the alarming atmosphere spreading.

On their way here, Louis might have proactively attacked the people who were chasing them, but the two people here were Yorna and Olbart―― people who were entirely different in strength from their pursuers.

It was an animal instinct, she probably knew that she couldn’t win if she fought. Maybe she was worried about Subaru getting involved in the fight――,

Subaru: [――Hk, Olbart-san!]

For a moment, Subaru felt his thoughts about Louis begin to soften, but he shook them off. With that momentum spurring him on, he called out Olbart’s name as he and Yorna continued their stand-off.

Olbart, still sitting on the roof, deftly kept one eye focused on Yorna and the other on Subaru.

Subaru: [H-how are you doing that…?]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Body control’s the foundation of the shinobi. Ya can’t be a shinobi unless ya can do different things with yer right hand and left hand, and yer right foot and left foot. What of it?]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Olbart: [Ya called me just now. I’m tellin’ ya, I’m in the middle of the riskiest situation of my life. Ya shouldn’t be sparin’ attention to that.]

It seemed that, even though he hadn’t changed his laidback attitude, Olbart was perfectly aware that this was a critical juncture. If that was really the case, then Subaru was grateful that he’d spare him the attention.

Subaru placed a hand on his chest, took a few deep breaths, and said,

Subaru: [Oh, why don’t we call it even?]

Olbart: […Mhm?]

Olbart, upon hearing Subaru’s suggestion, opened his left eye wide. Drawing the attention of a single eyeball, Subaru raised his voice in frustration, “Like I said!”,

Subaru: [We’re even, we’re even! Olbart-san, you tried to do something against the rules, and I told Yorna-san. Both are just as bad as each other, that’s why we should…]

Olbart: [Quietly admit we’re both at fault and leave it at, that‘s what ya wanna say?]

Subaru: [Oh yeah, yesyes! See, not bad, huh? We’ll give Olbart-san what he wants, and that’ll solve our problems!]

What Olbart desired was a secret of the Emperor, which was in Abel’s possession.

Subaru didn’t know the specifics, but if he could hand it over, it would make it easier to have Olbart withdraw. Originally, the “hide-and-seek” game was something like a test of wits, to see if the information could be believed.

Subaru: [We agreed on doing it three times, and we’ve only found you twice so far… Take it easy on us, though, we managed to get up to the top of the Castle.]

Olbart: [Hmmm… By the way, you’re the one who figured out this was my hidin’ place? Not that other one, the oni-masked young’un?]

Subaru: [Y-Yeah, that’s right. An idea about the “abyss with a great view” happened to come up in my mind… There was another spot I was thinking of too, though.]

Perhaps Abel and the others were on their way there.

Even if they weren’t right now, sooner or later, Abel’s group would get to the answer and come to the Crimson Lapis Castle. Subaru had cheated with Louis’s teleport skill and Ubilk’s “counsel”.

However, it might be easier to persuade Abel and the others about how to deal with Louis if they pulled off this achievement here. If it proved itself to be difficult, they could try to get Yorna on their side.

How Yorna would react once she found out about Louis’s true identity was unknown, though.

Subaru: [Anyway! I wonder, Olbart-san. If you’d be willing to listen to my… No, to our suggestion.]

Shaking his head and pushing away any negative thoughts, Subaru looked at Olbart.

The reason why Subaru had used “our”, plural, was because he needed Yorna’s cooperation in this proposal of reconciliation. If Yorna said she wouldn’t forgive Olbart for luring Tanza into a devious scheme, Subaru’s proposal, thought up with utmost effort, would be in vain.

However――,

Yorna: [――――]

With one eye closed and the kiseru in her mouth, Yorna did not object to anything. Subaru thought the fact she hadn’t opposed it meant that she respected his opinion.

Subaru was extremely, extremely grateful. He wanted to thank her so much.

He wished to not waste the trust and kindness that Yorna had entrusted to him.

Subaru: [Olbart-san.]

Once again, Subaru called out Olbart’s name, hoping for a compromise.

In response to Subaru’s hopeful black eyes, Olbart picked up the gourd he’d settled down, using his fingers. Putting his mouth to the gourd, he slurped down every last drop of the alcohol therein,

Olbart: [Ya know, boy. I dunno if that’s somethin’ only the current you could come up with, or if it’s somethin’ even the past you would’ve come up with…]

Subaru: [――――]

Olbart: [――I don’t like the idea of throwin’ away a game I’ve set in motion halfway thro’. ――This geezer’s a stubborn man, ya know?]

The monstrous old man laughed, and with that, he crushed the gourd in his hand, shattering it to pieces that fell onto the floor.

With a peal the debris danced, causing Subaru to gasp.

Immediately afterwards――,

Yorna: [An old man who won’t take the hand offered by a child, will mourn his own stubbornness.]

Yorna’s long legs swung down as she rushed forth, and with a roar, the tower of the Crimson Lapis Castle split in two.

△▼△▼△▼△

Her foot, wearing a thick-soled geta , was raised up high, then slammed straight down at tremendous speed. [2]

A moment later, the castle tower, being hit directly by her heel, bent, cracked, shattered and, after a beat, burst open with a thunderous roar as if it had exploded.

As the blown-off roof tiles flew up in the air and a thick cloud of smoke rose, Yorna, having dished out that immense strike, turned around at the epicenter of the explosion, the hem of her kimono waving gallantly.

In a single breath, Yorna had performed a jump and an axe kick in sequence, the consequence of their immense calamitous force being the partial destruction of the Castle.

A single strike by Yorna’s heel had literally caused the keep to collapse, ruining the beautiful scenery of the Crimson Lapis Castle.

Subaru: [Whoaaaa――!?]

Seeing that sublime destructive power, Subaru crouched down with his head in his hands.

He’d not been caught in the destruction of the exploding castle by the skin of his teeth, but the incredible tremors nearly sent him tumbling off the roof.

However, Louis held him by the arm, stopping that from happening.

Louis: [Uau!]

Subaru: [Shit! Why’s this happening…!]

He was pulled up by the tight grip on his arm, as he sat up, Subaru screamed with tears in his eyes.

The dancing cloud of dust had gone into his eyes, and because of that he had teary-eyes. Definitely not because that blockhead Olbart had rejected his proposal.

That also, was also rough obviously――,

Subaru: [Yorna-san!!]

Yorna: [Stay back, don’t get swallowed up in this. I’m not very good at holding back, I’m afraid. ――Nevertheless.]

Yorna, without looking back, responded to Subaru’s call from behind her.

Cutting off her words there, Yorna pulled her stuck foot off the roof, brushed the dirt from the hem of her kimono , and looked up high――,

Yorna: [As expected, he’s a nimble one.]

Directly above Yorna, flying in a whirling motion, blending in with the billowing smoke and debris, was a small shadow―― Olbart’s figure.

Basking in Yorna’s gaze, Olbart let out a “Ha!” with a toothy grin, and said,

Olbart: [Thought we were supposed ta leave each other alone… So, anythin’ goes now, right?]

Yorna: [I’m surprised you believe you can beat me in this city. If you’ve gone senile, then I recommend you relinquish your seat in the Nine Divine Generals to the younger generation.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Nah, no can do. I’m gonna be the longest livin’ member of the Nine Divine Generals.]

One of them in midair and the other atop the roof, their lines of sight intersected, the pair exchanging their intentions to attack, and prepared themselves to go against each other.

Yorna put the kiseru to her mouth, and Olbart flipped around in midair―― she exhaled a plume of purple smoke, into which Olbart kicked the sky and dove with the speed of an arrow.

Olbart: [――Hk!]

His eyes blazing, Olbart’s sidekick collided head-on with the purple smoke Yorna had spread before her.

The smoke from the kiseru , which should be both weightless and not solid, received Olbart’s foot and scattered the impact with a motion as if it was bending.

Seeing this, Olbart’s smile grew,

Olbart: [Ooshyaaaa――!!]

His short legs spun at high speed, and ten, twenty kicks were unleashed with fierce vigor.

The purple smoke diffused the impact of one, two blows, but one after another the force of the kicks scattered it; at last, once the smoke finally cleared, it could no longer serve as a shield or armor.

Of course, that even just this could be done in the first place was completely nonsensical――,

Olbart: [Interestin’ thing ya got there. Don’t have that written down in my book of techniques.]

Yorna: [My regrets. It’s a secret technique that can’t be imitated by shinobi who can’t love anyone.]

The moment Olbart broke through the smoke, the figure of Yorna appeared beside him.

Leaping into the air, Yorna waved the fancy-looking kiseru in her hand, aiming for the back of Olbart’s unguarded head.

It was too long and light to be considered a blunt weapon, however Olbart blocked it with an extremely rapid swing of his arm―― or rather, with the kunai held in his arm. [3]

Along with a shrill screech, the kunai that Olbart had concealed in his sleeve shattered.

It must have been fashioned from appropriate materials of course, yet the kunai was broken and Yorna’s kiseru was undamaged. What in the world was Yorna’s kiseru made of?

Olbart: [Kakaka, the elderly should be treated with kindness. Don’t’cha dare harass me, lass.]

Yorna: [I don’t deny that there are elders who should be treated with kindness. But, Old Man Olbart, you can’t possibly be one of them. That being the case…]

Olbart: [Oh well, I’ll just treat myself with kindness then.]

While exchanging banter, they hurled lethal attacks back and forth at each other.

Yorna’s slender arms and long legs delivered blows that, despite their beautiful appearance, were mighty enough to bring down even castle walls.

In comparison, Olbart’s attacks were not as flashy, and were generally fending off Yorna’s attacks and throwing in a little interference in between.

However――,

Olbart: [Ya don’t need the power to collapse a castle to kill someone. Ultimately, one long needle ta the forehead’ll kill ya.]

Yorna: [If so, give it a try.]

Promptly after Yorna’s quiet provocation, Olbart’s cunning expression melted into the sky. ――No, he began moving at tremendous speed, too fast for the eye of a run-of-the-mill human to follow.

There was a famous boxer of yesteryear who was said to float like a butterfly and sting like a bee, and that was exactly what Olbart’s battle style was, the half-demolished castle tower as his stage. [4]

If one had to pick a more apt description for him, saying that he was combining flight like that of a fighter jet and a shot like that of a sniper rifle, might be more accurate.

Yorna: [You’re a personage who flies about quite a lot. You’re too roguish for your years.]

Perhaps due to Olbart’s leg strength, the tiles he stepped on detonated and, in the following moment, Olbart’s figure materialized from somewhere else and dealt a blow to Yorna.

Yorna made good use of her superhuman reflexes to either catch it with her kiseru or dodge it. Both of them were transcendental beings, so much so that the fierce battle made Subaru forget to breathe.

Louis: [Au…!]

Next to Subaru, Louis, who was watching the same spectacle, made herself smaller, curling up her body.

At the beginning of the battle, at a time he could not bear the continued state of the situation, he had been anxious about Louis jumping out.

But, the battle between Yorna and Olbart was no longer of that caliber.

Whichever side won, there would be an enormous amount of devastation.

That too, was an outcome far from ideal for Subaru.

Subaru: [But what can I do? There’s nothing I can do to stop it…!]

With such a flashy battle, and considering the castle tower was being smashed up so violently, people everywhere in the city were most likely aware that something was going on at the Castle.

If so, it was possible that the people of the city, who loved Yorna, would come in droves, or that Olbart’s comrades, the false Emperor and his entourage, would make a move.

If that happened, it would be the beginning of a major war in the whole city.

That’s not what Subaru wanted.

Even if they had come to invite Yorna to enter the great conflict for Abel’s return to the throne, what tragedy would result from a battle brought about without enough preparations?

Olbart: [Shiiihaaaa!!]

Raising a shrill cry, both feet of the spinning monstrous old man pierced the roof in front of Yorna. Immediately after, a shock traveled through the roof, causing an eruption beneath Yorna’s feet and sending her body soaring high into the sky, resulting in a swap of their initial positions, between the one in midair and the one on the ground.

Olbart: [――――]

As Yorna rose up into the air, shuriken thrown by Olbart came at her from all sides.

Subaru had no idea of when he had thrown them. Perhaps he had hurled them after Yorna was tossed in the air, or maybe he’d known that she would be flung there beforehand; but either way, there was no escape.

Up in the air, a shuriken made a brutal wound on Yorna’s soft, fair skin―― No,

Yorna: [You must understand. I am the ruler of this town, the leader of the Demon City.]

As Yorna responded, all around her, the revolving blades of the shurikens were stopped in their tracks.

They were not halted by Yorna, who could move at extraordinary speed. Yorna didn’t even have to move. What had stopped the shuriken were pieces of roofing tiles that shot upwards.

It was not due to an enormous stroke of luck.

Because, no matter how lucky a person was, more than ten shuriken coming at a person from all directions being blocked by tiles could not happen by chance alone.

Yorna gave a gentle shake of her arms, Subaru and Olbart both holding that within their line of sight, gawking at the scene.

Then, as her arms moved, the tiles that had blocked the shuriken swam in the air and then stopped in midair, forming a spiral staircase around her.

Leisurely, Yorna’s thick soles used the tiles as steps, making her way down to the castle tower.

That scene was a display of illusions or perhaps psychokinesis. Of course, it could be called magic in other words, but it differed slightly from the magic Subaru knew.

Neither fire nor ice nor wind nor earth were being manipulated, the building parts themselves were.

Olbart: [Kah, you’re a real pain in the ass, ya know that? So that’s the magic trick Cecilus and Araki were talkin’ ‘bout? How’d’cha do that?]

Yorna: [I told you so. It’s a secret technique that can’t be done by shinobi who can’t love anyone… I’m a woman who takes good care of things, despite my appearance.]

With a smile, Yorna held the kiseru between her lips, then struck her now-free hands with a clap-clap.

As if on cue, a change occurred in the half-demolished castle keep. ――No, it was no simple change. It was a magic technique, one that distorted reality like a dream.

Subaru: [T-this is…]

The roof distorting beneath his feet, Louis hugged Subaru’s arm as he gulped. While supporting her body, an aberrant event happened under Subaru’s nose, as the half-demolished castle keep was restored before his eyes.

Little-by-little, the building repaired itself like a sped-up video of a wound being healed.

Combining Abel’s guess about Yorna being a user of the Soul Marriage Technique and her words from earlier, a theory came to Subaru’s mind about what happened.

It sounded very, very stupid, but Yorna Mishigure――,

Subaru: [S-she’s using the same Soul Marriage Technique on the castle as well…?]

Indeed, he could not help but at a loss of words by the ability showcase of the ruler of the Demon City, a being literally out of this world.

Translation note:

[1] Ration balls, or hyorogan (兵糧丸), is a portable preserved food that is said to have been eaten by ninjas from the Sengoku Period to the Edo Period in Japan.

[2] Geta are traditional Japanese sandals that resemble flip-flops, which consist of a wooden platform raised by two or three “teeth”. For more information, see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geta_(footwear) .

[3] Kunai are a Japanese tool that was originally used as a gardening and masonry tool, but is commonly associated to ninjas as a multi-use weapon. For more information, see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kunai .

[4] A reference to the iconic quote of the legendary boxer Mohammed Ali. The quote has a continuation, however: “his hands can’t hit what his eyes can’t see”. And well, that’s exactly what Olbart did here, can’t hit someone if they “melt into the sky”.

--- Chapter 52: Love Can’t Be Bequeathed ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By :

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――By using the Soul Marriage Technique on the Castle, her Od was being instilled into even inorganic substances.

This was the reality of the extraordinary phenomenon of Yorna, who was using the spiraling roof tiles as a foothold.

Abel had spoken of her Soul Marriage Technique being applied to the more than hundred people chasing after Subaru’s group like it was already something unusual, but that was not even the strange part.

If he assumed she was handing out part of her Od, even to her own castle and kiseru .

Subaru: [That seems extremely bad for your body…!]

In the first place, the act of handing over Mana to someone else was quite tiring in itself.

In fact, Subaru had firsthand knowledge of how difficult it was, as he would regularly exchange Mana with Beatrice, with whom he had a contractual relationship.

While in the Sand Sea, on their way to the Watchtower, for example, Beatrice had taken a lot of Mana from him, and even though it had been only the necessary amount, he’d gotten dog-tired.

Additionally, the risk of trouble occurring with his Od tied to Beatrice alone―― in Yorna’s case, by simple calculation that risk was more than a hundredfold.

On top of that, she herself had the power to unfold a heck of a battle.

In reality, the fact that she was supposed to be dog-tired because she was sharing her power with everyone was, considering she had split the Castle with an axe kick, quite unbelievable.

Olbart: [Hahaa, you’re usin’ some strange skills. Geez, no matter how long I live, techniques I dunno come out one after the other, it’s a real headache.]

Yorna: [That’s the kind of fertile ground we live on, so there’s no point for you to lament it. From my point of view, Old Man Olbart’s skills are also troublesome enough… It’d be better to make you disappear.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! I won’t be taken outta the picture so easily… Wuoh!?]

Olbart, laughing with his big mouth open, sprung backward in response to the hostility that followed that immediately.

Instantly, the roof beneath Olbart’s feet exploded, and roof tiles shot up from the impact from directly below. It was much like a reprisal for the previous attack that had launched Yorna.

And yet unlike Olbart’s single blow, Yorna’s attacks fired in rapid succession, as if hot on his heels.

Bang bang bang , with that sound, shockwaves chased after Olbart as he spun backward and hopped away. That had been accomplished by Yorna simply waving a supple finger of hers, using a roof tile fixed up in the air.

Olbart: [Yo! Ho! Huh! Take this!]

Yorna: [Old Man Olbart, you sure are a stubborn man.]

Olbart: [If ya got the impression they’re flies, ya dunno elderly opponents, lass. However――]

Cutting off his words there, Olbart twisted his body as he spun backward. As he did, with his back turned while in an upside-down position, the roof lifted like a wave to greet him.

Chased by shock waves from his front, and by surging waves of roof tiles from his back, he was being attacked on both sides―― the sight of the castle tower surging like an ocean made Subaru want to doubt his eyes.

But doubting his eyes was what he’d want to do for what happened directly after that as well.

Olbart: [――――]

As the roof tiles approached like a tidal wave, seeing that, Olbart kicked himself off the air itself, heading into the roof tiles of his own accord head-first.

Albeit it looked like a wave given its appearance, the tiles that made up the large wave had not lost their hardness and weight.

If he went in head-first, his whole body would be thrashed, his bones broken, and, in the end, his head would be tragically smashed. Without thinking, Subaru covered Louis’s face as he hugged her, hearing her protest with a “Uu!”.

But that cruel outcome never came to pass.

Olbart: [Ain’t I amazin’ for bein’ able ta put the technique of hidin’ in the ground into use without preparation?]

At the moment of collision, Olbart plunged soundlessly into the waves of roof tiles as if he were diving into water, and jumped straight out the back of the surge of roof waves. Scraping the torn-off roof tiles with his heels, Olbart flashed a cunning smile showing his white teeth, acting as if it had been nothing special.

In fact, Olbart had yet to display the depth of his abilities.

On the other hand, Yorna might have already exposed what terrors the Soul Marriage Technique held, but,

Yorna: [Will you be able to achieve your goal while merely running away like that, Old Man Olbart?]

With composure, she looked down from the sky towards the monstrous old man, who had still not sustained an injury.

Both of them had shown only a fraction of their power. That alone was enough to prove that the Nine Divine Generals, the Empire’s greatest warriors, held tremendous strength.

However, if the fight continued in that way, it could be presumed their even match would continue, as both sides would not give in.

Apparently, Subaru and Louis watching from the sidelines were not the only ones with this impression.

Olbart: [Good grief, that’s a painful thing to hear. Tho’, if the Third stubbornly holds out against the Seventh, well, it can’t be helped that His Excellency’d be angered.]

Yorna: [Then, what shall we do?]

Olbart: [Good question. Well, it’s not like I’ve been runnin’ ‘round aimlessly either…]

Raising her shapely eyebrows, Yorna asked that of Olbart, who stroked his chin. As he rubbed it, the monstrous old man’s cheeks twisted, his gaze turning in another direction.

Those glowing yellow eyes turned to the two children watching the battle from the sidelines――,

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Yorna: [Old Man!!]

Suddenly, Olbart’s gaze sharpened and Subaru drew back.

Immediately afterward, Yorna, her eyebrows raised, kicked off the roof tiles, throwing herself furiously at Olbart. Once again, Yorna rained down intense strikes on Olbart, similar to those at the start.

However――,

Olbart: [It’s ‘cause of somethin’ like that, that’cha haven’t reached His Excellency even once despite so many rebellions.]

Olbart spat that out, and a leg of his, incomparably shorter than Yorna’s, sprung up. But, the sole of his shoe collided directly with the thick sole on Yorna’s heel, sending shockwaves through the long hair of the two.

Yorna gnashed her teeth, Olbart clenched his own, and in a second the bodies of both were blown in opposite directions. Yorna and Olbart, each at the same time.

Then, as soon as he saw that there was a wide distance between them, Olbart plunged his left and right arms into his sleeves and then pulled something out. ――Between his fingers, there were round and black lumps, four in each hand.

Subaru: [Ration balls!?]

Olbart: [Ngh, looks like that, right? But, things’d get messy if ya ate ‘em. ――For ya see, chunks of Fire Magic Stones are tightly stuffed in ‘em.]

Hearing Subaru’s shriek, Olbart laughed and gave a grand swing of both his arms.

If his words were to be believed, those black balls were bombs. Propelled with an impact, they flew towards Yorna who was showing a large opening―― No, that wasn’t it.

Olbart: [In the latest rebellion, that lot were the bunch we fought, right? I wouldn’t have used something like this against them, so it’s fresh, isn’t it?]

His cheeks distorted, Olbart threw the bombs over the roof into the open sky.

From the way he hurled them, it seemed there was no particular aim, and because of that, there was no doubt about it. ――For Olbart, a bomb just needed to fall onto a place with people.

Only that――,

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

The size of the bomb was small, but the hidden power there-in was wholly unknown.

There was also the question of how many people in the city were under the effect of Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique at the moment. In conclusion, leaving those bombs as they were would be far too reckless.

Yorna instantly drew that conclusion as well. Hence――,

Yorna: [HaAAAaaa!!]

Stomping her foot hard enough to smash the roof, Yorna brandished her arm wide. Clutched in her hand, was the kiseru that had been used to attack Olbart.

At the same time, the smoke overflowing from the tip of the pipe traced the same arc as the full swing of her arm, and the mass of purple smoke flashed across the sky of Chaosflame like a horizontal slash.

――That mass of purple smoke had entirely caught the bombs scattered about.

Immediately afterward, the tremendous sound of chained explosions, thunderous booms and shock waves dyed the sky of the Castle. One of the explosions occurred near Subaru and Louis, blinding them and making it impossible for them to stand.

Subaru: [Kah――]

He faintly remembered seeing on the television or in a book that one should plug their ears and open their mouth when an explosion occurred.

As a result of failing to do both, Subaru’s body suffered great damage. His head was rocked, his vision was colored bright-red. That was how out of the ordinary Olbart’s bomb was.

Olbart was out of his mind to be carrying around so many of those things.

That he was going to scatter them all over the city without mercy was also clear――.

Louis: [Uau!]

There was a shout, and Subaru’s shoulders were shaken by a small hand.

Upon taking a look, he saw Louis projected in his deep-red, obscured vision and noticed that her facial expression was changed. Her mouth quivering in terror, tears were welling up in Louis’s blue eyes.

Seeing that before his eyes, Subaru went to reply with “I’m fine”,

Subaru: [――Ah.]

――At the edge of his red field of view, he caught sight of Olbart appearing behind Yorna.

Subaru: [――――]

As she was busy dealing with the bombs that had been thrown, her pose was still the same, having done a full swing of her kiseru . Olbart, having appeared right behind her, was about to draw his arm in, and loosen a strike of his hand being used as a sword.

His aim was the center of Yorna’s back; if this were a manga, it would be a situation in which her heart would be pierced with one blow.

If it truly would play out like something out of a manga, he didn’t know. But enough had been seen in the fight so far to know that both Yorna and Olbart were superhumans with manga-like powers.

If it continued unchanged, Yorna would die. So――,

Subaru: [Louis――!]

Grabbing Louis’s hand that was on his shoulder, Subaru pointed towards Yorna and Olbart.

He’d told her the procedure in detail before entering the Castle, and Louis, setting it in motion, opened both her big round eyes―― the next moment, Subaru’s vision flickered, and the teleport happened.

And so――,

Subaru: [Ah.]

Before he could inhale once, Subaru leaked a dumbfounded voice.

The reason was simple, because even his blurry bright-red vision was taken away by a sudden warm feeling. Through that sensation, he understood that the cause for that was some kind of fluid that had been poured on his face without warning.

As he tried to wipe that sensation away with his arm, he noticed a sense of discomfort.

Louis’s grip was too light.

Olbart: [The hell was that just now? Ya weaklings are supposed ta be over there.]

The sound of Olbart’s voice of curiosity made Subaru look up dumbfounded. Within his view was the monstrous old man, his head slightly tilted, shaking his hand vigorously.

Within Subaru’s vision of red, an even redder arm waved with vigor.

Subaru: [Louis…?]

As he watched, Subaru called Louis’s name, gripping her hand tighter.

He thought that they had to get out of that place at once. They would have to leap two times, maybe more. Perhaps he’d throw up, but that would be bearable.

He would bear it, so they had to get out of there, right now.

Because of that――,

Subaru: [Louis! We’ve got to hurry…]

Olbart: [Nah, sayin’ somethin’ that absurd’s quite pitiful ta look at. There’s nothin’ left above her neck, is there?]

Subaru: [――Huh?]

Hearing those words spoken so indifferently, Subaru was not able to understand their meaning.

Perhaps him being smaller and his brain younger was why he didn’t get them. He had been told something he didn’t get, something his little brain didn’t want to understand, and because of that.

And because of that, even if he were told that nothing of her head was left.

Yorna: [How dare… you do that!!]

Shortly after, with a shout of anger, something shot over Subaru’s head, and Olbart jumped sideways to avoid it. An impact shaped like a straight line ran through the place where Olbart had been just before, and the newly-repaired castle tower was once again destroyed.

But Olbart was unconcerned by the sort of dreadful power in that blow,

Olbart: [Oh, scary, scary. But ya should be grateful, foxgirl.]

Yorna: [What do you mean!?]

Olbart: [If it weren’t for the boy and lassie there, you’d be dead, ya know? Well, at this rate, it’s only a matter of time anyhow.]

Yorna: [――――]

Shaking his upraised finger, Olbart continued in a carefree tone.

Yorna held her breath, and Subaru felt her attention going from the monstrous old man to himself. However, Subaru slumped on the spot, and the best he could do was pull Louis’s lifeless arm towards him.

Subaru: [Lou, is…]

His vision was red, and he couldn’t see Louis’s figure properly.

If that was because of the disorder of Subaru’s eyes, or because Louis’s figure had turned bright-red, he couldn’t even tell.

But there was one thing that could be said. ――Louis had died.

Even though Subaru had not found any answer on what should be done about her.

She had acted as she had been told to by Subaru, and as a result, she died.

Subaru, had let her die.

Yorna: [Child! Child, look at me!]

Suddenly, Subaru’s face cast downward was lifted by two hands clasping both his cheeks.

In front of him, in his red vision, was a beautiful woman’s face. The reason as to why he had not been able to tell it was Yorna at first glance was because the expression on her face was one of grief.

It was different from the confident face she had shown the previous day to Subaru and the false Emperor, and their respective entourages.

It was different from the kind face that had tried to treat Subaru and the others politely this very day.

Right now, Yorna’s eyes were shaking as she stared at Subaru with a pained expression.

He finally understood the reason why, due to the reflection of Yorna’s eyes before him.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Subaru dropped to his knees, with that face of his being in an awful condition.

His left eyeball had burst into bright-red, and his right one had popped out of its socket, held by a string. His eyeball had been pushed out of its orbit because of the impact of the explosion, which had not been dampened at all.

It was, like some special effects from a cheap-looking zombie movie, somewhat weird to look at.

Subaru: [Haaa.]

Realizing his circumstances, Subaru’s vision, solely that of his left eye, wavered as he let out an exhale. But Yorna’s hands did not allow him to fall.

Yorna, moving her lips and staring into Subaru’s face, spoke, “Child――”,

Yorna: [――Love me. Right now.]

With eyes looking straight ahead, she declared something utterly absurd.

To love, and to do it at this moment, was awfully absurd. In the first place, he didn’t know what he should do specifically, and loving someone was no trivial thing to do.

He did believe Yorna was a nice person, and she was beautiful, but――,

Yorna: [Child! If you love me, those wounds will also…]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Oioi, that’s one hell of a thing ta ask for, lass, for real. Not that I know much ‘bout it, but love doesn’t bud so easily, does it?]

Yorna: [Silence!]

Shouting out in anger towards Olbart behind her teasing her, Yorna’s eyes were tinged with a deep hue.

Watching that happen near him, Subaru repeated faint breaths to prepare, as to accept the waves of pain slowly arriving.

Even if one of his eyeballs had burst, and one of them had popped out, he did not have fatal injuries.

Unlike Louis, he still had his head. He knew that, soon enough, deathly pain would flare up. He was sure he would scream and yell and cause Yorna plenty of trouble.

He didn’t want to cause any more trouble――,

Yorna: [Child.]

One word was spoken, and Subaru’s consciousness flickered up.

Then, much like an attack that made use of a gap of just one moment, Yorna’s serious face approached his own.

Subaru: [――――]

Yorna’s lips, overlapped with Subaru’s own.

A soft sensation hit his face, and he could feel her breath right up close. It took him a while to realize that he was being kissed.

Partly because he was younger, and partly because he didn’t have much experience to begin with. His scarce memories were rather distant and he considered them to be very, very moving experiences, but this――.

Yorna: [My lips aren’t cheap. With this…]

The kiss ended, Yorna distanced her face, and she interrupted the words onto which she was clinging. However, Subaru vaguely understood what the words that were to follow would be.

What she wanted to say was ―― Can you love me now?

If Subaru were to love Yorna, the situation would change.

That was most likely the root of Yorna’s power, or something like the origin of her strength.

However――,

Subaru: [There’s a girl I like, so…]

On the other side of his bright-red vision, the face of the girl he liked, located in a distant place, emerged.

When he gazed at her smiling face, his heart would throb. Therefore, Subaru could not love Yorna.

He could not love her, and so, upon hearing that, Yorna’s face tensed up in grave pain. It was difficult to look at that.

Olbart: [――Well, things don’t always turn out so well with men and women.]

In a moment, along with that voice filled with something like disappointment, Subaru’s field of view changed completely.

Subaru: [――――]

Yorna’s face, which was right in front of him, disappeared, and all he could see was the sky being dyed red.

Similarly to Louis’s teleport, his vision shifted quickly―― No, it was different from Louis’s.

If it were like Louis’s teleport, the world would reflect something different, more vivid, in an instant.

But what was happening to Subaru at the moment was much rougher and cruder. His vision was spinning, and there was no interruption like there would be in a teleport, and he saw everything from the ground, ground that was a continuous plane.

Just above him was Yorna on her knees, and Olbart’s form standing before her. Next to Yorna, was the body of a fallen girl, perhaps that of Louis.

There was one other thing, something, or someone, standing between Yorna and Olbart.

That was――,

Subaru: [――Ah]

――It was the body of the young Subaru, a child missing his head.

Olbart: [Good grief, it’s mentally tough ta kill a child. Well, physically it’s easier tho’, isn’t it?]

Yorna: [Old Man――!]

With a blood-curdling scream, Yorna’s body plunged into Olbart. He met it head-on, and the bodies of the two clashed, causing the Crimson Lapis Castle to rock violently.

It rocked, it cracked, it shattered, and once again the destruction spread and spread, and then, something happened.

From that point onward, Subaru did not understand what was happening.

He did not understand anything anymore. Without understanding anything, Subaru’s head bounced off the roof――,

It bounced――.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Dark, he was dragged into a dark space.

???: [――――]

It was an empty space; he had no hands or feet and was floating; it was incomprehensible, neither sky nor ground existed, drifting about, nothing shook, nothing resisted, nothing was experienced, nothing shuddered.

It was like he had been acquainted with it many times before, it was like this was the first time he laid eyes upon it.

It was like it was drifting away, it was like it was infinitely close.

Amidst the seemingly everlasting darkness, in the space completely dominated by darkness, there was an echo.

An echo, of weeping, of someone’s crying voice, one that made his non-existing heart beat, of a voice.

???: [I love you.]

Those, were words of love.

Like an appeal for love, a request for love, a plead for love, a deferment of love, the voice had requested love for love.

???: [I love you. I love you. I love you.]

That accretion of love, originally, was supposed to be that of words filled with various emotions.

The likes of happiness, of anger, of sadness, of pleasure; the whirlpool of emotions was filled with that sort.

And yet, that which filled the love in this everlasting darkness, was nothing more than a single emotion.

???: [I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you――]

Crammed among the entirety of those emotions, in the entirety of that whirling love, was only “sadness”.

Sadness, of sadness, of sad, that love sobbed, saddened by sadness.

Unceasingly, there was sobbing.

Unceasingly, the sobbing made him yearn for death just because he was listening to it.

Love was sadness, love was made of sadness, love was made of sad, love was saddening sadness.

While sobbing, while carrying out love on love, while saddened by sadness, they united at the terminus.

???: [――Where are you?]

△▼△▼△▼△

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

The whirling, spinning vision of red performed a rotation, and tense voices struck his eardrums.

One was that of an old man, and the other was that of a woman―― he could understand they were Olbart and Yorna respectively.

He understood, but that was the only thing he could understand.

Subaru: [Huh…]

Yorna: [HaAAAaaa!!]

Immediately after letting out a dazed voice, there was a massive boom, and, stepping hard on the roof of the Castle, Yorna’s foot crushed it. At the same time, the golden kiseru in her hand was swung.

A large, horizontal, arcing blow from the kiseru , with tremendous speed and destructive power, spread a large plume of purple smoke across the skies of Chaosflame.

Subaru knew what it was for and what would happen next.

He knew, but it would happen before the knowledge he was aware of could catch up with reality.

――A bomb struck by Yorna’s purple smoke exploded, and a shockwave engulfed the area.

Subaru: [Gah――]

His whole body bathed by the same shock that had bathed it mere moments ago, Subaru’s field of vision was dyed bright-red.

He thought he heard a small sound like something being split, and he immediately drew the connection to his reddened vision. The sound had been the bursting of his eyeball. Hence, Subaru’s vision had turned red.

If so, before long, the other side of his field of vision would turn dark――,

Subaru: [Ah, g-gyAHHHHHH――!!]

Covering his face with both hands, Subaru screamed as he was struck by two things, pain and “understanding”.

He had gained “understanding”. One of his eyeballs had been ruptured and the other one popped out. As long as his brain didn’t want to understand, it was possible to ignore the pain.

But, if he knew what had happened to begin with, he would not be able to ignore the pain.

Subaru: [AAAAAGH! AGH, GYAHHHH!!]

Louis: [Uau! Uauu!]

A small body clutched Subaru, who had collapsed onto his back on the spot, wailing loudly.

His name was being called. He did not understand. His ears were burning, and his own voice was too loud. The pain, the gushing of blood, he could hear it. He did not understand whether it was blood flowing inside or outside his body. It hurt, it just hurt. It hurt it hurt it hurt it hurt, it hurt.

Somebody, help. I don’t want pain. I don’t like pain. I don’t like, pain.

It hurt, it hurt because it hurt, it hurt because it hurt, because it hurt, it hurt it hurt it hurt it hurt it hurt――.

Subaru: [Wa――]

Olbart: [Oioi, isn’t that a bad idea?]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Pain swirling around in his head, his red vision glazed over.

Right beside Subaru, there was a hand holding him down as he tried to roll around, but it was getting in his way. He wanted to scream louder, flail around more, and let the pain escape from his body.

No, it was his face that hurt. His eyes and his ears. So, if it hurt somewhere else, if this pain would go somewhere else.

Louis: [Uau! Auaa――]

Thud thud , he banged his head on the ground. A strong force pulled him up. Someone fastened their arms behind his back, making him unable to move. It hurt, he was afraid of being hurt. He hated it, he was scared, he was going to die.

Subaru: [Guh…]

Olbart: [Kakh, ya can’t be serious, foxgirl. What kinda body ya got that won’t die from that? So that’s what Cecilus was talkin’ ‘bout when he said he couldn’t lop off yer head?]

Yorna: […There’s no way I’m going to reveal my womanly secrets to a lousy man who lays his hands on children.]

In the distance, someone was arguing. Caught between his own voice and the voice that was trying to hold him back, he couldn’t hear anything. He couldn’t understand. It hurt, everything was wrong.

Yes, everything was wrong. The red and the pain, everything was their fault. Everything was because of them.

Subaru: [It’s because of them…! That’s, that’s, that’s their fault! Not mine! Even though it’s not mine, uuuugh!]

Louis: [Uu!!]

Squirming and struggling, Subaru tried to push all of it somewhere else. What if he pushed everything to something else and was able to escape, what should he do if he could escape?

He would think about such a thing after he escaped. He would think about it after he escaped, so.

Olbart: [Wahwah, I can’t stand hearin’ the sound of children cryin’. ――Shuddup.]

Yorna: [Wait…!]

A woman’s desperate voice and an uninterested hoarse voice.

After hearing them, something approached with the sound of scraping. From behind his head, fastening their arms behind his back, someone hugged Subaru tightly.

But, being embraced by them did not help.

Because a bright-red, heated light swelled up again, engulfing Subaru and the rest.

He was swallowed, and the pain went away, and then――.

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

A moment later, again he heard the voices he had heard just a while ago, and hearing them again, his consciousness turned white.

Subaru: [Huh…?]

Immediately after everything was suddenly and abruptly cut off, the replay began anew.

Other colors returned to his bright-red vision, he felt the sound of the wind in his deaf ears, felt the warmth of the soft girl right beside him, and――,

Yorna: [HaAAAaaa!!]

The voice of a vigorous woman was raised in volume, and a moment later, an arm was swung with tremendous force.

The trajectory of the swinging arm was already known to him.

――A series of explosions rang out, and a shock dyed his vision bright-red.

Subaru: [GYAHHHH――!!]

Covering his face and taking in the pain of his ruptured and popped-out eyeballs, Subaru collapsed back-first onto the roof, and yelled.

Louis: [Uau! Uaau!]

Someone’s voice, seemingly crying, jumped onto his fallen body.

As he felt it, as he listened to the world drowned out by harsh sounds, as he lamented the pain and suffering, Subaru’s head was filled with tears, fear, and “why”.

Perhaps, he was dead. He was dead.

He knew death. It was very painful and cruel, it kept him away from this place. But then it returned him to this place immediately, and then he died; it was painful however, due to the red explosion.

Even knowing this, Subaru repeated in his mind, “Why?”.

――This, isn’t it.

Vaguely, a sensation rang in his head, almost pushing him away with pain and redness. But it was a feeling of absolute certainty that he could not let go of.

An eyeball burst, an eyeball popped out, his eardrums ruptured, he was crying out in pain, he would soon after this die in a horrible way yet again despite wishing that the pain would be kept at a distance. Along with tears, snot, drool, and the leakage of some urine, his frenetic head thought such.

Subaru: [Tihs, isn…] [1]

Louis: [Uau! Au, uu!]

Subaru: [This isn’t, mine…]

It’s not.

It’s not, it’s not, it’s not.

It’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not.

It’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not.

It’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not, it’s not――.

Subaru: [Tihs is…] [1]

Before the pain filled his head, he thought of something that he must never forget.

Again and again, Subaru was thrown into this world of red and pain, and this, this was――.

Subaru: [Not it…!]

――It was not Natsuki Subaru’s Return by Death, but something else.

Translation note:

[1] The misspelling is intentional.

--- Chapter 53: What Lies Beyond the Eleventh Second ---

‼️Spoilers for Arc 7‼️ 10 seconds of despair #rezero #リゼロ pic.twitter.com/vXAMr8QOTt

— ☆witchy☆ (@witchcultist) March 12, 2022

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

He heard voices he’d heard many times before.

The hoarse voice of an old man, and an anger-filled voice of a woman. And then ――,

Yorna: [HaAAAaaa!!]

There was an impact, that of the roof tiles being stepped on by a foot with force, and the kiseru and purple smoke were swung furiously. Chaosflame’s sky was scythed by a sideward swipe, scythed, scythed――,

――Once more, a series of explosions echoed, and that red, intense pain arrived.

Subaru: [Geh, GAHHHH――!!]

Louis: [Uau! Uaau!]

The pain and shock of having an eyeball bursting and the other popping out made him collapse on the spot clutching his face. A light body jumped on him; he’d already known this would happen.

But although he knew it, he was not able to deal with it. There just wasn’t enough time.

Subaru: [Guhhhh! Agh, guh, UGHHHHH!]

A bright-red field of vision, a pain like that of his head being smashed, his soul crying out, “Why?”.

All of these caused Subaru to waste the ten seconds of despair that came time and time again.

The pain prevented him from thinking, the loss that made the world turn red prevented him from seeing his environs. Even if it would swiftly fade away, three seconds were all it took for him to freshly savor the same pain all over again.

Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. ――It was repeated endlessly.

He was going mad.

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

Once more, the same voices could be heard. The pain and the redness ceased for only a moment.

But once more, he was so scared that his soul was torn to shreds, as he was going to taste the same pain.

Subaru: [AAAaaah ――! !]

He didn’t want to hear anything. He didn’t want to feel pain. It was, scaryscaryscaryscary.

He opened his mouth wide and screamed; screaming to the point of rupturing his throat. Because he didn’t want to see anything, he closed his eyes and crouched down, his head in his hands.

And at the very next moment.

Subaru: [――――]

Boom , the sound of an explosion resounded, and Subaru’s small body was repelled, rolling away. The sound became distant, and his soul cowered in terror as the pain and the red once again arrived.

However――,

Subaru: [――Huh.]

That pain never arrived.

The pain of one of his eyeballs bursting and the other being popped out did not arrive. Although his hearing had been destroyed, the world had not reddened. What hurt him the most was his throat due to his loud scream.

Subaru: [Why…]

Louis: [Uau!]

Shortly after his stunned voice leaked out, a small body jumped at him.

It was Louis. She pulled on his arm, trying to get Subaru to stand up. But he could not, his knees had no strength, and he had not yet gotten an answer to his “why”.

His throat just tightened up and tears welled up in his eyes, happy to be away from that red pain, even for a moment. Unable to bear it any longer, he crouched and cried.

Yorna: [Chil――]

Olbart: [Oioi, isn’t that a bad idea?]

Yorna: [――Hk.]

Far away from the crouching and crying Subaru, a battle of a whole other dimension continued. ――No, the scales had tipped grandly; within his blurry vision, he could see that the woman had fallen to her knees.

Yorna, her knees bent, and Olbart, standing to her back.

Olbart waved his blood-red right hand, raising his eyebrows in surprise as he gazed down at Yorna, bleeding from the corner of her mouth.

Yorna: [Guhk…]

Olbart: [Kakh, ya can’t be serious, foxgirl. What kinda body ya got that won’t die from that? So that’s what Cecilus was talkin’ ‘bout when he said he couldn’t lop off yer head?]

Yorna: […There’s no way I’m going to reveal my womanly secrets to a lousy man who lays his hands on children.]

Striking her molars, Yorna replied to Olbart in a voice devoid of any loss in intensity. Upon hearing that, Olbart let out his usual loud laugh.

After that, he waved his blood-soaked sleeve,

Olbart: [Ya say some funny things. I’ll show ya what it really means ta lay yer hands on a child.]

Yorna: [Wait――!]

A black ball pulled out from his sleeve―― a bomb was thrown and flew towards Subaru and Louis.

Louis quickly stepped in front of Subaru and tried to repel it, but it was too late.

The red light exploded in front of Subaru’s eyes yet again, and Louis’s whole body, having rushed in front of him, along with Subaru’s own, were both engulfed in light and once more torn apart――.

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

Once more, the same voices could be heard.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The moment the red and the pain disappeared, he closed his eyes and raised a loud shout.

Having repeatedly experienced the red pain many and many times over, and having only managed to escape it a few times, this was the absolute rule Subaru had obtained.

No matter what, once the red and the pain arrived at the same time, there would be nothing Subaru could do about it. He could only cry, scream, and then, die.

And just when he’d think he was dead, once more he would hear those voices and suffer the red pain from the explosion.

Don’t wanna do it anymore. Don’t wanna. Because I don’t wanna, because I’m begging, I’m scared.

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

Once more, the same voices could be heard.

At that moment, the pain and the redness receded entirely, and the momentary relief seemed to drain all the strength from his body. Enduring it, he did what he had to do.

Subaru: [AAAaaah――!]

Squeezing his eyes shut, he opened his mouth wide and howled.

Although he could not hear because of his own shouting, Yorna was probably brandishing her kiseru with a wide swing, attempting to detonate the bomb thrown by Olbart.

So, soon afterwards――,

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Subaru’s whole body was pushed by the roar and blast wave of the explosion, landing on his butt atop the roof. The corner of the roof tile bit into his butt, the pain so sharp that he felt like he was about to cry.

But he did not cry. No, he did not want to cry and make his vision go blurry. Because――,

Subaru: [I can see…]

Fearfully opening his eyes, he could see just fine; they had not burst nor popped out.

As usual, his ears were not working, just ringing, and his throat was burning, but he did not experience that red pain. It was alright. It was good.

If he closed his eyes and shouted out loud, he would not have to suffer that red pain.

Louis: [Uau!]

Louis rushed over to Subaru, she seemed to be on the verge of crying from emotion. While he could finally see Louis’s face, her blue eyes were wide open as though worried about Subaru.

Without thinking, he hugged Louis’s body back and shouted, “I’m fine!”.

Louis: [Uu.]

Subaru: [ I’m fine! It hurt, and it was red… Yeah, but, now, I’m fine …]

Anyhow, once the pain and the red disappeared, he would close his eyes and shout.

As long as he remembered that rule, he would never have to suffer. As Subaru hugged Louis’s thin body, he felt certain of this.

Olbart: [Nah, you’re not fine at all ya know, look. O’er here, o’er here.]

Immediately afterward, Subaru heard a horrifying voice and reflexively looked up.

As Subaru’s eyes widened, Olbart, wearing a smile of satisfaction, cast shurikens that drew irregular trajectories, flying towards Subaru and Louis.

The shinobi’s dark-colored dull weapons, glinting with a shing , were all aimed precisely at vital points.

Subaru: [ Hii.]

Yorna: [I won’t tolerate this sort of debauchery.]

Subaru’s throat tightened, and to his front appeared Yorna’s back. She intercepted the trajectory of the oncoming shurikens with her kiseru , striking them down in their flying path altogether.

Simultaneously, the roof tiles on either side of Olbart rose, and then slammed into the monstrous old man with the force of a mousetrap or a flyswatter.

However ――,

Olbart: [Kakakakka! What a flashy show, isn’t that an amusin’ technique!]

Olbart twisted his minute body to dodge the blow of the roof tiles.

Subaru used to believe that the bigger someone who labored in waging battle was, the stronger they would be and the wider the range of their attacks. However, Olbart’s agility and quick wittedness defied that impression.

Olbart: [Well, I don’t need this flashy stuff. Ultimately, a human bein’ can be killed by a sharp needle ta the forehead.]

Yorna: [Your words make my fox ears itch. ――So, how about this instead?]

Olbart: [Oh.]

Olbart avoided the showy attack, but right after, Yorna struck the roof with her heel. Then, one-by-one, the roof tiles rose and began to float, revolving around in midair.

Drawing an extremely large spiral across the entirety of the roof, the circumference of the whirlpool narrowed towards Olbart at the center. ――Just like a tornado.

And then――,

Yorna: [Why don’t you show me some of your shinobi techniques on how to escape from a place without an opening?]

Before she finished speaking, Yorna’s outstretched hand squeezed tight.

Immediately after, the whirling tornado of tiles engulfed Olbart and compressed him into the center in one fell swoop. The tiles collided with each other relentlessly, and the sound of a fierce, all-crushing impact rang out.

Even a somewhat robust human body would not be able to withstand the pressure at the nexus of this fierce destruction. It would be crushed, with no chance of survival.

Louis: [Au…]

Witnessing the same thing, Louis too gasped at its exuberant destructive power.

In response to Louis’s reaction, Yorna quietly replied, “I’m sorry to have frightened you”,

Yorna: [ I started all this on a whim of mine. I feel terrible about the way you look…]

Olbart: [ Oioi, don’t’cha go thinkin’ we’re done here. I’m tellin’ ya, the fact that I’m still alive even tho’ I’m a geezer means it’ll take a lot ta kill me, ya know?]

Yorna: [ ――Hk. ]

Just as Yorna was about to turn around, she heard that comment and her fox ears perked up. Taking a look towards it, the voice she’d heard had come from a whirlpool of roof tiles that had gathered at their center, crushing it ―― No, it had come from behind it.

Accompanied by a rattle, the voice that came from among the debris of the broken roof tiles was that of Olbart, unharmed despite the fact he’d been at the core of the vortex of devastation.

The monstrous old man waved his hand, smiling with a malicious look on his face,

Olbart: [Yo. And that’s the shinobi’s technique of escapin’ when there’s no openin’. Ya satisfied?]

Yorna: [ ――. Old or decrepit, you are still a Nine Divine General, it seems.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! That’s a terrible thing to say! First of all, I’ve been an ol’ man ever since I was chosen ta be one of the Nine Divine Generals, ya know? Even tho’ I’m old and decrepit, I’m still much stronger than most, and that’s why I was chosen. You however, lass, really need ta set yerself straight.]

Yorna: [Why’s that?]

Olbart tucked his waving hand into his sleeves and cocked his head, causing Yorna to frown.

In response to Yorna’s question, Olbart continued, “Ya see”,

Olbart: [ If ya didn’t have so many people ta protect, like the people of this city and the kids behind’cha, you’d be able ta handle me better.]

Yorna: [ ――Hk. ]

Olbart: [ You’re fightin’ ‘cause ya wanna protect others, but you’ve become weaker ‘cause of it. Yer priorities are all wack. That’s why ya can’t reach His Excellency, no matter how many times ya try, lass.]

Olbart’s yellow eyes seemed to pierce through Yorna to Subaru and Louis as he spoke.

In that moment, Subaru realized that they would once again be targeted. Perceiving this, he squeezed Louis’s hand right away,

Subaru: [Yorna-san, Louis and I will be going away! Do your best!]

He felt terrible that he’d gotten Yorna into this situation, only to then run away.

But if Subaru and Louis were present, Yorna would have to fight to protect them as well as herself. Olbart would take advantage of the opportunity and, sure enough, she would be killed.

That’d be no good. He had to avoid that from happening. Somehow.

Subaru: [Louis!]

Shouting this, Subaru squeezed Louis’s hand tight while pointing down towards his feet.

Making the connection between his touch and his instructions, Louis responded with her usual sound and a teleport happened.

Subaru and Louis’s bodies teleported directly below where they were, to the interior of the Castle, and they found their feet on a wooden floor.

Confirming this, Subaru clenched his teeth.

Subaru: [Uh…]

There was a feeling like that of the contents of his stomach churning inside him, and his head swayed. For a moment, his red vision and his pain flickered, but the level to which them hindered him was incomparable to before.

Now that Subaru and Louis were gone, Yorna would be able to fight to her fullest ――.

Subaru: [ ――Hk , what!?]

Immediately afterward, there was the sound of an explosion occurring overhead, which triggered Subaru’s recent trauma.

A chain of tremendous roars from explosions followed, their shock reverberating through the roof and throughout the whole Castle, reaching Subaru and Louis. His knees came near to buckling involuntarily; desperately enduring that, Subaru looked up at the ceiling.

Although he couldn’t see it, it was most likely Olbart.

After all the bombs he had used, he was still carrying around even more.

???: [ ――Ah. Whoawhoa. ]

Subaru: [Huh?]

In Subaru field of vision as he raised his eyes, a wrinkled face slipped through the ceiling and peeked down below.

Subaru’s breath hitched at the suddenness of it all, and then Olbart fell straight down, his face as well as his entire body slipping through the ceiling.

The old man was smiling meaningfully as he dropped from the ceiling,

Olbart: [Ya gave me the willies back there. I took ya as just a kid, I messed up, I messed up.]

Louis: [Uu!]

A moment later, Louis kicked out a thin leg at the approaching smiling face. But the monstrous old man responded with a short “Yo” and swung his arm, sending everything below her shin flying.

Spinning around, Louis’s white foot flew, spraying blood, and causing her to scream.

Louis: [Ah, UUUU ―― !]

Then, wide-eyed at the sight of Louis screaming, Subaru tried to pull her closer to him, hoping that perhaps he could help her.

Whether it was for the sake of escaping or out of concern for the girl who was crying out in pain over the loss of her foot, he did not know.

But either way, he couldn’t even manage to perform that fast action right.

Subaru: [Gaguh.]

Just as he thought he heard a whoosh, Subaru’s throat burned with more heat than when he’d screamed. The blood gushing out of his neck clogged his throat, rendering him unable to speak or breathe.

Olbart: [Can’t let’cha get away from me, it’d be too much trouble. I’m sure yer head’s enough ta get through ta that foxgirl.]

Having said that, Olbart’s finger then pushed on Subaru’s forehead. Once he did, his tilted head fell forward and Subaru’s head landed on his own crumpled knees.

His head was still attached by a small flap of skin from his neck; his now-dangling head touched his lap.

Olbart: [Just like an idakikubi .] [1]

Unable to laugh, a terrible joke was heard, then he became unable to hear anything.

And then ――,

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

Once more, the same voices could be heard.

He knew what had to be done right away, and pulled Louis in close, so.

So, while he thought about it, the roar of an explosion echoed.

――His vision exploded into bright-red, and, once more, the pain engulfed Natsuki Subaru.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The moment he heard the same voices, he covered his ears, closed his eyes, and yelled out loud.

That, was the principle of survival that Subaru had come to discover after repeating those ten seconds of despair tens of times.

However, he had yet to find any solutions to this puzzle beyond that.

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

Olbart threw a bomb, and Yorna swung her kiseru to deflect it. A heavy impact, felt by his feet, made Subaru remember that he had returned and what he had to do, following his ingrained instincts.

He covered his ears, closed his eyes, screamed loudly, and then took the blow of the explosion.

He kept his ears plugged for the sake of his eardrums, he kept his eyes closed for the sake of his eyeballs; he did not know what the point of shouting loudly would be, but he always shouted when he was not in pain or when everything was red, so he could not imagine not shouting anymore.

He could not bear the thought of doing something a little different and experiencing the same pain again.

Once his timing was off, he would have to repeat the ten seconds of despair ten times or more, in order to get the same chance again.

He was done with it all. The pain, the fear, he was done with them both.

It did not get any easier at all. It always hurt. He was always scared. Beyond the pain, beyond the fear, death was always there.

So――,

Louis: [Uau!]

With his ears and eyes fine and dandy, he caught Louis’s body as she jumped on him.

He had managed to survive the first explosion intact again for the umpteenth time. The rest was a cycle of events, recalling what would happen next, so up first was――,

Subaru: [ Shurikens .]

Olbart: [Don’t think it’s over just yet!]

Simultaneously with hearing Olbart’s voice, he remembered.

The next moment, a storm of shurikens , not a single one possessing the same trajectory, came flying from all directions, raining down around Subaru and Louis.

If one were to be hit by any single one of the more than ten shurikens , they would become unable to move.

To stop them, Yorna tried to rush out――,

Yorna: [I won’t tolerate this sort――]

Subaru: [Yorna-san! It’s fine!]

Stopping Yorna from dashing in with his palm, Subaru then pointed somewhere with his outstretched hand. Then, he squeezed the hand that was tied to Louis’s with all his might,

Olbart: [――The hell’s that!?]

A moment later, their field of vision was switched by the teleport that had occurred, and a shuriken stuck into the place where Subaru and Louis had been.

Olbart’s eyes widened in surprise at what had happened and the lack of any warning signs of Louis’s teleport. Indeed, Olbart did not know of it, Subaru and Louis had been keeping it a secret.

Subaru had escaped into the Castle using it. But as he had been killed by Olbart, who had chased him down――,

Subaru: [Even if it’s just once…]

Olbart could be caught off-guard.

And then, much to Olbart’s surprise,

Yorna: [You’re not allowed to look anywhere else――!]

Olbart: [Tch―― guah.]

The soaring Yorna’s fierce axe kick was driven into Olbart from directly above.

His immediate reaction was delayed, and the leg he raised to intercept the attack failed to reach it in time, causing Olbart’s entire body to take the impact and fold in half. With that, the back of his head crashed into the roof, and with a resounding crash, Olbart’s figure disappeared into the Crimson Lapis Castle.

Even Olbart should have sustained damage due to that powerful blow――,

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Ouchie, ouchie!]

Subaru: [No way!?]

Just after Subaru shouted in joy that she had scored a critical hit, Olbart returned.

Opening a hole in the roof different from the one he had been knocked into, Olbart jumped out, teeth bared and his right arm stained vermillion with blood.

He had taken Yorna’s heel with his arm, hence, it had been crushed out of shape like a dead branch.

Olbart was unfazed by the terrible condition of his arm, which made Subaru want to avert his gaze immediately. With his remaining left arm, he threw shurikens , simultaneously aiming at Subaru and Yorna in front of and behind him.

Of course, Subaru was unable to react. So Yorna flicked smoke at the attack approaching her own self with her kiseru and immediately wagged her finger, causing the tiles to rise, as to protect Subaru and Louis.

And then――,

Olbart: [Here, it’s ninety years old.]

As he said this, Olbart suddenly resorted to violence.

He stretched out his bloodied right arm and cut it off below the elbow with the kunai in his left hand, sending the arm flying towards Yorna, spraying blood.

Yorna: [――――]

Faced with this, Yorna was forced to make a split-second decision.

In other words, she could either parry the flying arm or dodge it.

However――,

Olbart: [Too bad, either choice’s off.]

Yorna: [Guhh…!?]

Before she could act on her choice out of the options for the flying arm, a blast occurred beneath Yorna’s feet. There, was the hole that led to the floor below, into which the previous blow had knocked Olbart through.

From there a tremendous torrent of wind literally spouted, tearing through Yorna’s kimono .

Olbart: [It’s a basic principle of the shinobi. If ya gotta pick between right and left, then ya gotta pick up.]

Yorna: [You, cheeky old man…!]

Yorna’s cheeks scrunched up as her kimono was ripped open by the blades of wind that engulfed her entire body. With things as they were, she stepped in, ignoring the bluff of the flying arm, and tried to rush towards Olbart.

As Yorna advanced towards him, Olbart took a breath and spoke, “Ah yeah”,

Olbart: [When I said both options were off, I lied.]

――In the next instant, Olbart’s flying arm swelled from the inside and exploded.

Yorna: [――Hk.]

Subaru: [Yorna-san!!]

Yorna’s body was blown away by the explosion that occurred right beside her. With that, Subaru widened his eyes, and raised a yell from his hoarse throat, as her figure tumbled and rolled atop the roof.

The hole he had fallen into, the arm he had severed, all of those were traps to be used.

Ever since Subaru was first acquainted to the idea of shinobi as ninjas, he’d thought that they would be extremely troublesome opponents. But it had never occurred to him that they would be so “vicious”.

Almost in sync with Olbart turning around, Subaru shuddered.

Subaru: [――Louis!]

Olbart turned around, and the moment he saw the ferociousness in his eyes, Subaru shouted.

Grasping Louis’s hand tightly, he hoped that the timing on the second teleport would be such that there would be no interruption. He’d just point as far away from Olbart as possible to get some distance from him――,

Louis: [Auau.]

Louis’s teleport occurred, and both their bodies moved in the blink of an eye.

Moving out of Olbart’s line of sight, they’d move somewhere, a large distance away from Olbart. Since taking refuge within the Castle would not allow them to survive, there was nothing Subaru could do after escaping the initial explosion except to keep his distance, buy some time, and hope that Yorna would stop Olbart.

And――,

Subaru: [Eh?]

As Subaru tried to hold back his nausea, something hit him at the tip of his foot.

His eyes shot wide open upon seeing what had hit him. It was a small, round, black ball.

A black ball that he had seen so many times, throwing him into the depths of despair.

Olbart: [I’ve been watchin’ ya for a while. You’ll fly in the direction ya point. I still got no idea how ya do that.]

That’s why I threw the ball in the direction ya were pointin’ at , and with that, Olbart shrugged his shoulders.

That gesture from the monstrous old man was poorly balanced, given he was missing one arm.

Louis: [Uau.]

Once again, Louis called out to Subaru.

Immediately afterward, light overflowed from the black ball that exploded beneath their feet, scattering countless shards of glass-like things within, shredding, shredding, and shredding Subaru and Louis to tatters.

Blood splattered bright-red, and shards flew into Subaru’s eyes and mouth, mutilating his entire body as the sharp pain engulfed him, dicing his limbs into bits.

Olbart: [Ya gotta eat it ta find out what’s stuck in it. Isn’t that interestin’?]

The pain, once more, was red, making him question his sanity.

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

Once more, the same voices could be heard.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

The moment he heard it, Subaru plugged his ears, closed his eyes, and opened his mouth wide. No loud shout came out. Merely a raspy voice. Even so, the roar of the explosion, and the accompanying wind, rushed towards him.

Striking his whole body, he was knocked down on his butt onto the roof. He couldn’t follow his rules. He couldn’t scream. Afraid of the pain and the red that would come. He just――,

Louis: [Uau.]

A light touch made him jump, causing Subaru to let out an exhale.

And so, he checked to make sure that his eyes and ears and the rest of his body were fine. His eyeballs and eardrums were fine, despite the fact that he had not made a loud voice. His voice had nothing to do with it. Maybe his mouth was the cause.

I don’t know. I don’t know, but――,

Subaru: [Guuhhh…]

Hugging Louis, Subaru sobbed through clenched teeth, unable for the life of him to find a way to survive the explosion.

And because he was incapable of finding a way, he sobbed, he cowered, he was unable to move once more.

Olbart: [Wahwah, I can’t stand hearin’ the sound of children cryin’. ――Shuddup.]

Yet again, inevitable “death” engulfed Natsuki Subaru.

△▼△▼△▼△

Again and again, he repeated cycles of red and pain, and at their end, experiencing a sense of helplessness, of pain and harshness and suffering and fear once more; he still could not reach it, even with this accretion.

Yorna: [――Love me. Right now.]

In his mangled state, how many times had he almost gotten help in this way?

Every time he was not able to act as he was being told, he felt sad.

Louis: [Uau! Uaau!]

Desperately pulling Subaru’s arm, Louis endeavored to somehow keep him alive, to keep him from dying.

That was why it was so painful every time they died before Subaru did.

Time and time and time and time again, ten seconds of death and despair.

In the red world, the only feeling that dominated was pain; a feeling of helplessness that, irregardless of how hard he tried, he could not reach the end, no matter how many times, he repeated it with no end in sight.

His mind, felt like it was about to break. His heart, felt like it was about to die.

This, was not Return by Death.

The thing surrounding Natsuki Subaru, was something apart from Return by Death.

He did not wish to believe that Return by Death was a mercy, not in the slightest.

But compared to these ten seconds and the endless accretion of loss, it was very much so.

――This was a loveless act, so much so that it seemed like there was love in Return by Death.

△▼△▼△▼△

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

Once more, the same voices could be heard.

Olbart’s aloof voice and Yorna’s strained voice.

The immediate pain and loss vanished, and Subaru returned for a brief moment, for just a few seconds, to a sky of blue and a body free of pain.

Brain numbing, throat raising a continuation of the scream before death, knees buckling.

Nevertheless, the conditioned reflexes already imprinted in his soul made Subaru shut his eyes, cover his ears, and leave his mouth open as he continued to scream.

Yorna: [HaAAAaaa!!]

Yorna, howling, swung her kiseru , and several bursts of flame were born in the skies above Chaosflame.

The hot air, shock waves, and the sound of the explosion washed over Subaru and Louis, but at this moment, no matter how many times he tried, he could not resist falling on his butt.

Louis: [Uau!]

Subaru fell on his butt, and Louis’s light body jumped onto him.

Accepting it, he hugged it tightly. That too, was already a conditioned reflex. Because he had died god-knows how many times, he absolutely missed the warmth of people. That was all it was.

He had no other reason. He did not, and so, he clenched his molars together.

Subaru: [After this…]

There would be no time for relief, for the next attack that would kill Subaru would come rushing in.

Olbart: [Don’t think it’s over just yet!]

Alongside his words, Olbart hurled shurikens at Subaru and Louis. That the blades coming from all directions were more than ten, and that their sharpness could easily slice through a child’s soft skin, he already knew.

He had already experienced being killed by shurikens many times. But to which pain they corresponded, he could not recall. There had not been a single painless death, so he did not know.

Yorna: [I won’t tolerate this sort of debauchery.]

During his confusion, Yorna cut in with her back turned to Subaru.

She swatted away the entirety of the shurikens with the kiseru in her hand, and then, as retaliation against Olbart, she made the roof tiles undulate and hit him with the castle from both sides, pinning him down.

Olbart: [Kakakakka! What a flashy show, isn’t that an amusin’ technique!]

Olbart used his agility to sidestep the attack.

Due to Subaru’s belated reaction, the situation was following the same pattern. But there was nothing Subaru could do in this situation, a situation he had already witnessed countless times.

When Yorna was about to be attacked and he tried to protect her, when he succeeded in escaping into the Castle, when he rushed at Olbart because his head was messed up, he had died all the same.

What if all paths, all actions, led to death?

Olbart: [Well, I don’t need this flashy stuff. Ultimately, a human bein’ can be killed by a sharp needle ta the forehead.]

Yorna: [Your words make my fox ears itch. ――So, how about this instead?]

Olbart: [Oh.]

Yorna responded to the provocation of the nasty Olbart, by striking the roof with her heel.

One-by-one, the roof tiles arose, and what emerged was a tornado of destruction swirling around the entire Castle. He knew it was awfully powerful, as well. But it could not defeat Olbart.

Subaru: [What should…?]

I do? He could not understand. He had a presentment that painful, scary things would arrive soon, once more.

Failure. How could it be avoided? The red world, the choir of pain.

Even if he wanted to help Yorna, he would be a burden to her.

Even if Subaru attempted to run away with Louis, they would be caught.

If only he had returned to an earlier point in time, he would never have gone to the roof with Yorna in the first place. If only he had left Yorna alone, if only he had not parted with Abel and the others, if only he hadn’t told them about Louis, Al, Medium, Taritta, if only he weren’t smaller, if only it were the original Subaru, Zikr, Flop, Mizelda, Kuna, Holly, Utakata, Priscilla, Rem, Rem, Rem, Rem, Rem――.

Rem, he must bring her home, and yet here he was, dying.

If Subaru were left behind in a world where death was inevitable, what could he do but continue to die forever and ever, what could Natsuki Subaru even do?

Over and over again, death, pain, and a sense of helplessness overwhelmed Natsuki Subaru.

It felt like it was going to crush his heart and body, and then――,

Louis: [Uau.]

Gently, the warmth of the young girl holding his hand was transmitted, and Subaru gulped.

The warmth, suddenly, made Subaru realize.

That, for Natsuki Subaru, it was impossible, but.

Subaru: [――If everyone else were here, what would they do?]

△▼△▼△▼△

Pain, red, scary, why, death.

Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death.

Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death. Pain, red, scary, why, death.

Ten seconds of despair, replayed time upon time upon time.

A never-ending hell of pain and helplessness accreted on top of one another, endeavoring to break Subaru’s mind again and again.

But after so many repetitions of those ten seconds of despair, he arrived at what laid beyond.

Pain, red, scary, why, death. ――Beyond that.

Instead, after those ten seconds of despair many more possibilities branched out, but there still was no answer to the question of what was the how through which he could escape the pain.

Once more, Subaru died over and over again. Many times, in repeated pain and suffering, he died.

Not one of them worked.

Subaru would always make Yorna sad, let Louis die first, then die as well.

――But there was a time that laid beyond the ten seconds of despair.

He would utilize all of that time.

And even if he used all of it, and ended up dying, he would once again reach beyond the ten seconds of despair, over to the eleventh second, and think for dear life.

――If everyone else were here, what would they do?

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

Once more, the same voices could be heard.

At that moment, Subaru covered his ears, closed his eyes, and opened his mouth to endure the explosion. The roar and the impact of the explosion assaulted his whole body; unable to resist it, he fell on his bottom.

Immediately, a small body jumped at him, shouting, “Uau!”. Catching it, he hugged them back as if to reassure them, and while doing so, he contemplated.

――If everyone else were here, what would they do?

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru had become smaller.

His arms and legs had grown shorter, and the contents of his head had most likely become those of a child as well.

If he were the original Subaru, he could have done many things and come up with many more ideas. But the original Subaru was not here. So, he could not come up with a way to fix this.

As such, then this problem could not be solved by Natsuki Subaru as he was currently.

That was why――,

Subaru: [If everyone else were here…]

Up until now, they had encountered many problems and made many mistakes, but, together, they had overcome them in their entirety, and made it this far.

Now, Subaru was completely alone. He was in the Empire, where he knew almost no one.

However, there was something within Subaru, that he had received from everyone.

Subaru: [If everyone else were here…]

What would they do?

Otto, Garfiel, Roswaal, Frederica, Petra, Clind, Annerose, Meili, Puck, Ram, Beatrice, Emilia, what would they do?

Subaru: [If everyone else were here…]

What would they do?

Julius, Anastasia, Eridna, Ricardo, Mimi, Hetaro, Tivey, Reinhard, Felt, Rom-jii, Tonchinkan, Al, Priscilla, Wilhelm, Felix, Crusch, Liliana, Shaula, what would they do?

Subaru: [All of them are so strong.]

He wanted everyone who could fight Olbart to cheer him on from behind.

It was not the turn of those people who seemed able to handle Olbart’s cunning and his absurd little tricks as well. I’m sorry. Thank you. I love you all.

Subaru: [They can use magic.]

The current Subaru could not possibly imitate everyone capable of helping Yorna.

He wanted to do something, to not become a burden to Yorna, a kind person. But, at this juncture, it was not healing magic’s turn. I’m sorry. Thank you. I love you all.

Subaru: [If so…]

What about imitating everyone who never gave up and was able to do their utmost till the bitter end?

Why not imitate everyone who was able to use everything in their possession to try and go beyond these ten seconds of despair, go beyond the eleventh second, and go even further beyond?

Yorna: [I won’t tolerate this sort of debauchery.]

A kiseru was waved, and the shurikens closing in on Subaru and Louis had been flicked away with a shrill rapport.

As that happened, the tiles on either side of Olbart rose and pinned the monstrous old man down in an attempt to crush him.

Subaru: [――――]

As he watched the fight between Yorna and Olbart, he thought for dear life.

Hadn’t he died many times already, over and over again? Hadn’t he witnessed this scene many times already? Even if it had become hard to remember, he could remember the pain, couldn’t he?

Just the thought of it froze his body in horror. His heart shriveled, his soul became frightened.

It was as if the very existence of Natsuki Subaru was freezing over. But――,

Louis: [Uau.]

The heat transmitted from the hand that held Subaru’s own would not let him freeze to death.

And because he would not freeze to death, he would be able to remember everyone.

There was no way to interrupt Yorna and Olbart’s fight.

Even if he wanted Yorna to win, Subaru and Louis, being Olbart’s targets, would get in the way. The battle had already started, and this affair would not develop further without one of them being victorious.

Perhaps, it always ended with Olbart winning, and Subaru and the others dying.

So, would it be enough that Subaru and Louis just survive?

Emilia: [That’s probably reaaally wrong, too. I mean, Yorna has to be kept safe, too.] Otto: [There must be a better way.] Garfiel: [Don’t’cha stop thinkin’.] Ram: [Truly a fool.] Roswaal: [Giving up here would be a joooke~.] Frederica: [Assuredly, everything will be fine.] Petra: [Everybody’s here for you.] Meili: [You wouldn’t want to be in pain, would yooou?] Clind: [All battles must be settled. Inevitable.] Annerose: [There has to be an opening.] Beatrice: [We’re going to find that opening, I suppose. That’s, the key to victory, in fact.]

Subaru: [The key, to victory.]

For whom? Of course, for the one fighting.

Then, which one of them was fighting, Yorna or Olbart――.

Subaru: [No.]

Louis: [Uu?]

Subaru: [Nononono, NO――!]

In front of Louis, twisting her neck around, Subaru shouted in a loud voice.

No, I was wrong. I love all of you. So that’s why――,

Subaru: [The one who wins――]

Once again, the red light and pain spread before his eyes, and then――.

Olbart: [I’ve heard it said that’cha and the folks of this city are awfully tough, but… Are ya tougher than the folks of my village were?]

Yorna: [――You lowlife!]

Once more, the same voices could be heard.

The moment he heard them, Subaru covered his ears, closed his eyes, and crouched down with his mouth open. Immediately afterward, the sound of an explosion and a shock wave smashed against his whole body, but this time he did not fall on his bottom.

In an instant movement, he removed his hands from his face and raised his head. And from there――,

Louis: [Uau.]

With concern for Subaru, Louis jumped at him with a worried look on her face.

Catching Louis in front of him in his arms, Subaru took action right there. And,

Subaru: [Thanks.]

Louis: [Uh?]

As he looked towards his front, the words Subaru had spoken went over the surprised Louis’s head completely.

The pain of his whole body being burned, of his bones being exposed, of his internal organs being mangled, was lingering still. He felt like he was going to scream, cry, and roll around if were he to not control himself.

However――,

Olbart: [Don’t think it’s over――!]

As he said this, Olbart was just about to throw the shurikens he’d pulled out of his sleeves.

Olbart’s eyes met those of Subaru head-on.

The eyes of the Vicious Old Man, someone devoid of mercy even in reaping the life of children. And the teary eyes of a child who had experienced despair many times, still struggling to hold back the tears.

As if he had seen something in those eyes, Olbart turned to him, the glint within his yellow eyes becoming even more intense.

He was not just aiming for Subaru as a tool to get Yorna’s attention.

To murder Natsuki Subaru, the Vicious Old Man unleashed shurikens from his hands.

Shurikens with no trick to them flew.

Subaru’s eyes couldn’t perceive the threat, but he could feel them closing in on him; and so he thrust his lifted finger straight towards his front―― to Olbart.

If everyone else were here, what would they do?

Thinking for his dear life of what everyone else would feel, he’d had a thought.

No matter how tattered he was, being plagued by the feeling of powerlessness, failing utterly, everyone placed faith in Subaru.

Regardless of how shameless, how unsightly the way he’d died was, in pain, with harshness, fear, crying, screaming, wetting himself, everyone placed faith in Subaru.

I love all of you.

Up on the top of the Crimson Lapis Castle, was this game to reach past the ten seconds of despair, and the eleventh second beyond that, and further on, dying over and over again; and, the one who wins is――,

―― The one who wins is always you, Master!

Subaru: [Louiiiis――!!]

Pointing to Olbart, he called out the name of the girl at the end of the linkage of warmth.

Then, he squeezed Louis’s hand tightly and forcefully―― instantly, the world changed.

Olbart: [――What the!?]

The opponent he was supposed to kill with his shurikens disappeared, causing Olbart to shout in astonishment.

That was an illegal technique, one outside Olbart’s understanding that went wholly unnoticed by the cautious shinobi. The sole way to outsmart Olbart was the first use of this teleport, as he would be able to respond the second time it were employed.

And Subaru, who was teleported by Louis’s power and flown――,

Subaru: [AHHHHHH――!]

Olbart: [Huoh?]

Resolutely, Subaru clung to the back of Olbart’s head, that was right in front of him.

He clung to the small old man in a desperate attempt to survive, not letting go of him, clutching at his gray hair with all his strength. The moment of the teleport was unexpected to the point that even Olbart was unable to react to being grappled.

The small Subaru did his best to cling to the old man, who was not much taller than him.

Naturally, Olbart tried to pull him off of himself, and Yorna, suddenly awestruck, tried to run over to them.

Olbart: [Whoa! T-the hell’s that! Boy!?]

Yorna: [Children! Get away now! Old Man Olbart’s…]

Olbart’s arm grabbed Subaru’s hair and tried to pull him down forcefully. Although she wished to stop that, Yorna feared meddling in that attempt, delaying her move.

Taking little notice of the pair’s reactions, while desperately clinging onto him, Subaru raised his voice――,

Subaru: [――My win!]

And, shouted.

Olbart: [――What?]

At that moment, Olbart’s hand loosened as he tried to pull Subaru away, and Yorna’s eyes went wide, and looked over at him, wondering what she had just said.

Not paying attention to the reaction of the adults around him, Subaru clung on tightly to Olbart, refusing to let him go.

Subaru: [My win… It’s my win! It’s Olbart-san’s loss! Isn’t it!?]

Olbart: [But, what are ya sayin’…]

Subaru: [You said we only needed to do it once!]

Olbart: [Huh?]

As the energy he was putting in to shake him free petered out, Subaru finally raised his face and spoke to the back of Olbart’s gray head in front of him. Sobbing both tears and leaking snot from the excitement and his racing heart, Subaru’s throat twitched.

Subaru: [T-the game of tag! In hide-and-seek, we were supposed to find you three times… But in tag, we were supposed to catch you once…]

Olbart: [――――]

Subaru: [That’s why! It’s my win! I caught you! This game’s my win! Olbart-san, Yorna-san, you both lost to me! That’s why, it’s my ween ――] [2]

He thought to himself, that he was saying some absurd reasoning.

In the first place, Subaru and the others had been the ones to choose to play hide-and-seek as opposed to tag. To do something such as suddenly changing the rules of the game of tag was unfair.

It was unfair, but he still couldn’t come up with any other method.

Besides――,

Subaru: [It was Olbart-san who cheated first…]

Olbart: [――――]

Subaru: [S-so that’s why, I’m telling you, i-it’s my win――]

Little-by-little, the tears and runny nose that came pouring out of his eyes became unbearable, and his voice became raspy.

Despite that, Subaru poured strength into his clinging arms, not letting go of his sly victory. He had caught Olbart and won the game of tag. He had won.

Yorna: [――What will you do now, Old Man Olbart?]

Suddenly, Yorna asked that of Olbart, who had fallen silent.

Glancing over, Yorna relit the tip of her kiseru and let out a plume of fresh purple smoke. Her appearance as she took it into her lungs was as beautiful as before she started fighting.

Still, depending on Olbart’s answer, she would be willing to fight for and protect Subaru and Louis, with whom she had little to no connection.

And that wasn’t the last of Olbart’s troubles.

Louis: [Uau! Aa, uu!]

Olbart: [Thaaat hurts.]

While Subaru was still clinging to Olbart, Louis, who had travelled with him, stomped on Olbart’s foot. Louis glared at Olbart, her round eyes narrowed to their fullest.

In response to Subaru’s complaint, Yorna’s question, and Louis’s glare, Olbart was silent for a moment, then violently scratched at his own head.

And then――,

Olbart: [I’m the one who said he didn’t like the idea of throwin’ away a game he’s set in motion halfway thro’. Didn’t expect it ta be abused this way.]

Yorna: [――Is that your answer, Old Man?]

Yorna’s words were quiet, her eyes lowering to meet Olbart’s.

Nothing happened. Because Olbart had plopped down on the spot, sitting cross-legged. With Subaru clinging onto his back, Olbart, flashed a toothy grin and said,

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Anyone can see I’ve lost. If I said somethin’ like whether I win or lose doesn’t matter, then I wouldn’t be a shinobi, I’d be an animal.]

After saying that, Olbart slapped his knee with his hand with “I lost I lost!”, looking up at the sky.

Under the blue sky, atop of the beautiful, slowly-mending Castle, one second, two seconds, beyond the ten seconds of despair, from the eleventh second onward, the future was quietly, surely, being etched――.

Subaru: [It’s, my wiiiiiiiin…!]

Subaru’s nose went sniff-sniff , and while sobbing he continued raising complaints.

Listening to Subaru clinging to his back, Olbart let out a “Kakakakka!”, and smiling,

Olbart: [If ya keep sayin’ that, I’m gonna get angry. ――Shuddup.]

And so, he tapped Subaru’s forehead with his hand.

Translation notes:

[1] Idakikubi (抱き首), is one of the many steps of seppuku, performed by someone besides the one who’s cutting their own stomach open. This word references the act of nearly severing the neck entirely, leaving one piece of skin left, making the head of the one who has performed seppuku fall onto their knees.

[2] The misspelling is intentional.

--- Chapter 54: The Utopia of Chaosflame ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Chinese-English Translation By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [Uh, ugh, uhh… Hk.]

Olbart: [Yeah, yeah, the snivellin’ brat’s cryin’, you’re such a handful, ya know.]

Sniffling his nose, Subaru was unable to stop his crying fit. With the boy latched to his back, Olbart gave a shrug of his shoulders, with nothing else to do but scratch at his cheek with a finger.

――It had been a dreadful, dreadful experience.

Those ten seconds of despair that had happened to Subaru, and the eleventh second that followed after overcoming that despair―― to get here, just how many “deaths” had he experienced?

Through despair and heartbreak, it was a miracle that his worn-down spirit seemed to not have completely vanished.

But after such a hellish experience, he had finally reached the end.

Louis: [Uauu.]

Clinging to Subaru’s arm as he cried without end, Louis groaned.

Not that she’d had the same experience as Subaru, that of trial-and-error repeated more times than he could count, but Louis had suffered the same fate as Subaru many times over, having lost her life.

Jumping onto Olbart’s back in order to reach such a flimsy victory, would not have been possible without her presence.

Subaru: [I… Really, I don’t get you.]

Louis: [Uu.]

Subaru: [But without you, it wouldn’t have been possible… Thank you.]

Those were the feelings in Subaru’s heart, albeit in a complete chaotic mess.

He knew that Louis was guilty of various things, he knew in what way he and her were connected. He knew it, yet he was still overflowing with feelings of gratitude

And, it was not only Subaru’s gratitude that was overflowing.

Louis: [Ua, uh…]

Subaru: [Louis?]

The dam’s burst was sudden.

Having heard Subaru’s faltering words of gratitude, tears slowly welled up in Louis’s big round eyes, then trickled down her cheeks in the blink of an eye.

Pling-pling , tears fell down Louis’s cheeks, with such momentum that she did not know how to halt their course.

Subaru: [Louis, you’re crying, you’re really crying…]

Louis: [Uu, uu!]

Louis herself knew she was crying, yet did not attempt to stop or wipe away the tears that streamed down her face. All the while, she remained clung on to Subaru’s arm with a desperate look; one would have expected her to stop so she could wipe away her tears.

Subaru: [Your face, wipe it, you idiot, idiiiot…]

Seeing Louis cry like that, Subaru, who had tried to soothe down his emotional swings, was likewise on the verge of it himself. The tears that had been shed, the visible sobs, were by now innumerable.

It was like the pair made up of him and Louis would, at this rate, be crying forever and ever, without being able to stop――,

Yorna: [――Well done, you did your best, you two.]

Subaru: [Ah…]

Yorna: [However much you cry isn’t an issue. I’ll allow you to do it, as the Lord of this Demon City.]

Long arms extended from behind Subaru and Louis, and tenderly embraced them.

The warmth and softness of those words made Subaru’s eyes widen in surprise, he became entranced by the beautiful profile near him. With long eyelashes, vermillion lips, and glimmering azure eyes that put one at ease, no matter the troubles and suffering; it was so sublime that it enthralled those who laid eyes upon it.

He already knew what type of person the owner of those eyes was.

Therefore, he knew that in her words and warmth both, there was kindness devoid of anything untoward behind it.

Because he knew that even if he entrusted everything to them, he would be forgiven.

Subaru: [Uh, guh… ah, uh, AAAaah!]

Louis: [Uau… Uauhk, ua, uh, uau…!]

Yorna: [There, there… Children have the privilege to cry, the privilege to cling onto an adult’s chest. It’s okay if you use my bosom, you may weep as many tears as you need.]

Looking up, tears flowed down Subaru’s face once more. Louis embraced Subaru as he was.

Holding them both together tenderly in her arms, Yorna patted their small backs. All the while, at that moment, at the end of the battle that had unfolded up on the castle tower of the Crimson Lapis Castle――,

Olbart: [I dunno what kinda face I should be makin’ here ‘cause all this is happenin’ on my back.]

Yorna: [Silence.]

With that, the boorish interruption from the monstrous old man was shushed by the Lord of the Demon City.

△▼△▼△▼△

Yorna: [So, how do you explain yourself, Old Man Olbart?]

Olbart: [Explain myself? Did I make any excuses? You’re the one who attacked me ‘cause of yer mood, right, foxgirl?]

Yorna: [――――]

Shortly after Subaru had cried his eyes out, this time, they would have a calm conversation―― so he’d thought, when the castle tower was abruptly engulfed by a precarious atmosphere.

Needless to say, the cause was the aloof and unapologetic one, Olbart.

Sitting on the roof, picking at his ear canal with the tip of his pinky,

Olbart: [I kinda did what I was told, yeah? Well, I did try ta use a few loopholes, but look, that boy called us even, aight?]

Subaru: [Ugh… B-but, that’s…]

Olbart: [Now now, ya should listen ta me, boy. ――’Cause whatever ya say, I’m the one who’ll have the most ta gain. Kakakakka!]

Subaru stammered as Olbart opened his mouth open wide and roared with laughter.

In fact, Olbart was right. If Subaru were to argue against Olbart’s misuse of the rules here, it would turn into a no-holds-barred situation that ignored the rules as a result, probably making them unable to defeat the shinobi Olbart in any sort of manner.

Olbart had plenty of hidden techniques, and did not hesitate in dragging others into it. Since coming to the Empire, Subaru’d had more than enough experiences to know that such opponents were the number one in toughness.

Subaru: [Olbart-san, you sound similar to one of the scariest bastards I know…]

Olbart: [Really? In that case, ya should definitely kill me. I’m no decent fella, and will be a serious pain in the ass.]

Yorna: [In that case, Old Man Olbart, you must agree with me that I should stop you from breathing here.]

Olbart: [Oioi, that’s a lotta hate for me. Well, that’s only natural.]

The air was tingling, ripe with tension, but this was due to the one-sided hostility that Yorna had unleashed.

Olbart, the party it was directed at, was no longer in a fighting stance. Of course, this was just for show, and he could turn the switch back on in an instant.

Nevertheless, it was natural for Yorna to be angry, as Subaru held strong anger towards Olbart as well. However, there was a big reason as to why he could not act on that anger.

That was, because of his shrunken limbs, and his head that was not functioning properly.

Subaru: [Olbart-san, about the technique that’s being used on us…]

Olbart: [Oh yeah, that’s right. Of course, ya can’t fix it if I’m dead. No, there might be another way, but I’ve never seen anyone do it.]

Subaru: [I knew it…!]

Olbart: [Well, it’s like an insurance policy. It’s supposed ta be a secret technique back at my village, so basically, we deal with the dead bodies without leavin’ any traces so that they don’t come ta light.]

Quite indifferently, Olbart spoke some disturbing words.

At the same time, Subaru congratulated himself for having walked a really dangerous tightrope.

Even if Yorna defeated Olbart, and the old man died, the “infantilization” that had befallen Subaru and his friends would have remained unresolved. His state would always be that of being Natchuki Subawu.

Just thinking about it made Subaru shudder.

Yorna: [I don’t know the details, but I’ve heard that you’ve treated these children in a cruel way.]

Yorna looked at Olbart as she put the kiseru in her mouth and filled her lungs with purple smoke.

When asking her for help, Subaru had given her as much honest information as he could, but he left out the nitty-gritty details of their situation. That included the fact that Subaru had been shrunk due to the influence of Olbart’s technique.

Once Olbart dissolved the “infantilization”, Subaru would return to his original body.

Once that happened, he would do his utmost to apologize and ask Yorna for forgiveness. ――Of course, he didn’t think that’d be enough to completely reverse her impression of the situation.

He would like to think that Yorna was the kind of person who would see reason with just words.

Yorna: [Old Man Olbart, you’ve conceded defeat in your earlier match, right?]

Olbart: [Yeah, I admit it, I admit it. For sure, it’s a complete loss. At least, I’m lucky I didn’t die losin’. But I didn’t think I’d lose.]

Yorna: [It was unexpected that you’d lose?]

Olbart: [I thought it’d definitely be the boy’s boss who’d gimme a good challenge.]

Paying no heed to Subaru’s concern, Yorna and Olbart proceeded with their conversation. Yorna whispered, “Boss”, quoting Olbart, and gently, sliding her hand into her kimono ,

Yorna: [The sender of the missive, right? I’ve been looking forward to meeting him, but…]

Suddenly, Yorna cut off her words and narrowed her eyes at Olbart.

Olbart tilted his head at the sharpness of her gaze and uttered, “What is it?”,

Olbart: [There’s nothin’ scarier than bein’ stared at by a beautiful woman. What’s the hubbub?]

Yorna: [For crying out loud! I told Tanza to deliver a message to all the messengers, for them to come to the Castle. ――Well, where’s Tanza off to?]

The air quickly chilled, to the point that Subaru felt like he was going to choke.

Yorna’s anger was always unleashed when harm was done to a resident of the city, or a child. This was even more so in Tanza’s case, who met both requirements by being a resident of the city and a child.

Nevertheless, Subaru suspected that Tanza had conspired with Olbart to prevent his own party from meeting Yorna. He would have to be careful how he approached this.

However――,

Subaru: [I also thought Tanza was with Olbart-san. But she’s not… right? Is she hiding under some tiles or something…]

Yorna: [The Castle’s insides are much like my own. There’s no chance I’d miss someone entering or hiding within it.]

Subaru: [R-right. Yorna-san’s technique is amazing…]

Hearing Yorna’s self-assured answer, Subaru flinched at her unusual nature.

After wincing, Subaru realized that he and Louis had trespassed the Crimson Lapis Castle via the teleport, and that Yorna had found them immediately afterward.

At that time, Yorna had stated that she was walking through the Castle and found them by chance, but he guessed that was just a ruse. Truth was, she had noticed that Subaru and Louis had abruptly appeared in the Castle and moved to catch the intruders.

Perhaps the reason why she had not captured them right away, and instead treated Subaru and Louis as Tanza’s friends, was because she had not been able to decide how to treat the two of them, Subaru and Louis, who were so young.

After all, ever since they had first met, Yorna had been protecting them.

Subaru: [――――]

The more he came into contact with Yorna’s personality, the more intense were Subaru’s feelings of doubt on whether he should involve her in the great battle of the Vollachian Empire.

The same went for his feelings towards the people living in Chaosflame, the so-called “horned races”, who had obstructed Subaru’s group along the way.

They wanted to protect the safe haven they had finally found, after so much suffering and ostracism.

Could Subaru’s group blame them for wanting to resume their peaceful lives? Especially considering their Lord cherished them.

――What was the difference between this, and the world desired by the girl Subaru liked?

Subaru: [――――]

In silence, Subaru looked down from the castle tower, at the disorderly townscape of the Demon City.

A city where everything was chaotic, intricate, in a horrible mess, and without a sense of unity. Upon first arriving at this city, he had been bewildered by its disorder.

But after meeting Yorna and the people of this city, even if for a short time, Subaru had one thought.

Here, there was freedom.

There was freedom here, no need for a person to submit to someone, unbound by anyone. Ergo, one could express themselves as they wished, this overflowing chaos going undenied by anyone.

It was free, equal, and fair.

It seemed to him that a somewhat ideal picture of the future had been illustrated here.

Was it really the right thing to do, to pry Yorna away from such a place?

Yorna: [Old man, answer me. Where’s that girl, Tanza?]

Paying no heed to Subaru’s internal conflict, she continued to question Olbart.

Tanza was not inside the Castle. He’d like to believe that Olbart didn’t have a technique to make a person small enough to put them in his pocket.

Olbart: [No need ta have such a scary look on yer face, I’ll tell ya what I know. The only reason I made a deal with that deergirl was ‘cause I had just the right conditions to use her for the match.]

Yorna: [――Where is she?]

Yorna’s repeated questions were driven into Olbart, expressing that there was no need for superfluous talk.

In response, while tilting his head, Olbart turned his gaze towards the land surrounding the Castle―― towards the Demon City, as if he were taking in the superb view,

Olbart: [It’s not that hard ta guess. I’m an outsider, ya know? There’s only so many places where I can hide a single girl.]

That was his response.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Just as Olbart had cracked under Yorna’s questioning, a little bit earlier.

Within the Demon City of Chaosflame, in one of its inns.

Neither was it large, nor was it very ornately decorated. ――However, in fact, the walls and interior of the building were robustly constructed, and seldom did a sound ever pass through.

In Chaosflame, this was the only place where the atmosphere was so different from the rest of the city, prepared as an unlikely contingency as accommodations for VIPs.

The room that became the setting was a spacious one, said spaciousness resulted from its interior design being that of three rooms with their walls removed as to join them together. Even within the people that used this travelers’ inn, only a handful of them held the standing to be able to stay in such a spacious room.

There were no high-quality furnishings, no numerous works of art to delight one’s eyes, and no sort of fine alcohol available to soothe one’s palate, as many of the people who made use of this inn were of an utilitarian sort.

In a sense, this inn’s standing within Chaosflame was different.

The Demon City, with its popular name of “Land of Unlawfulness”, was worthy of being a symbol of “freedom”. Despite its chaotic existence, under Yorna, the ruler of the Demon City, the inhabitants of Chaosflame were remarkably unified in their will.

For those who shared a common vision, who did not tolerate foreign invaders, who had no mind to give mercy to those with their own troubles, there was no need for the kind of preparations that this inn offered.

Certainly――,

???: [――The people of the Empire must be strong, that is the core tenet that this city of demons has overturned.]

???: [Ah…]

???: [To some extent, governance is left to city leadership. But there are limits. ――Is it because they do not know their limits, that they operate like this?]

As a man with crossed arms inquired this, the girl of small stature stiffened her cheeks and kept silent.

The man to question that of her, donning an outfit that combined red and black, his face concealed by an oni mask, was Abel. The demi-human girl bearing antlers opposite to him, wearing a beautiful kimono with her arms put through its sleeves, was Tanza.

In this city a face-to-face between two people with a presumably hostile relationship was happening.

――Nay; to be more precise, Abel and Tanza were not the only two meeting face-to-face.

???: [You all, you have stepped in here knowing what kind of place you are in…!]

Abel: [――――]

???: [Answer me! Depending on your response, not a bone of yours will remain!]

Yelling so, was a man with dark skin reddening with wrath, General Second-Class of the Imperial Army, Kafma Irulux. Those words were directed at Abel, who had marched into the room, and the boy and girl who accompanied him.

He had nothing in his outstretched hand, but he had no need for a weapon. Any armaments were literally nestled within Kafma’s own body.

That he would not leave any bone remaining was no mere declaration of a threat, but the truth.

――Because that was the true value of Kafma Irulux, the Fighting Insect General.

???: [Oi, Abel-chan, you serious?]

That voice, visibly strained with strong vigilance, came from a masked boy just before Kafma and his vigor; Al. He carried on his back a weapon he could not handle, the dao, and once he spoke, Abel glanced back at him, and,

Abel: [You, how many times shall you inquire that before you make up your mind?]

Al: [I’m asking that question again and again because, after you strolled, the jury’s still out on it. I mean, this is insane! Shit, I dunno why I followed you either…!]

Abel: [It should be obvious. ――The current you is too much of a coward to be alone.]

Al: [Guh… Hk.]

Unable to speak further, Al was incapable of getting out any words beyond that. It was a reaction that revealed instantly that Abel had hit the bullseye. Yet the fact that Al could not even argue with him made it evident that he himself was aware of this.

For some reason, Al was currently no longer able to keep his composure for even a walk down the street.

???: [Abel-chin.]

Another companion, Medium, called out to Abel to protest on the behalf of Al, who was at a loss for words.

Medium, who walked alongside Abel with much effort, was protecting the now-useless Al; however, her facial expression appeared to have somewhat of a strong gloom to it.

All of this and more, had happened after becoming separated from Subaru and Louis midway through.

Medium: [I don’t think that’s a very nice way to put it.]

Abel: [Do you think, in this situation, we shall reach a mutual understanding with roundabout words? You and that clown both should be more conscious of the situation. One erroneous move, and, just as declared, not one bone shall remain.]

Medium: [All the more reason! You shouldn’t talk like that, it’s no good!]

Abel: [――――]

Medium: [‘Cause you talk like that, Abel-chin, Subaru-chin and Louis-chan…]

She refused potently once, but afterwards her words tapered off.

That was inevitable, due to Medium’s own nature. Albeit she wished to blame Abel for all the problems that had arisen, she was far too compassionate to do that.

She understood clearly that her own attitude and gaze had been the factors that had driven Subaru and Louis to the brink. That, in turn, was likely a result of the education her brother had given her.

In any case, Al and Medium both were dysfunctional.

Abel: [Ergo, we do not intend to quarrel either. Put down your arm, Kafma Irulux.]

Kafma: [Are you… insane? You did not answer my question, just being stubborn in trying to follow your own will. With that conduct, do you believe yourself to be a king?]

Abel: [――. You are not far off the mark.]

Kafma: [You――!]

Kafma’s eyes became bloodshot, his anger, as someone with high loyalty towards the Emperor, reaching its limit.

By chance, Kafma came half a step short from coming into contact with the truth regarding the true nature of Abel’s identity. That was the strength of the effect of “cognitive disruption” held by the oni mask obtained in the Shudraqian village.

In rough terms, with the exception of those whom the wearer intended to reveal his true identity, and those already possessing absolute certainty regarding the true identity of the one donning it, no one was able to see beyond the effects of the mask.

In other words――,

Kafma: [Enough, I cannot take any more of this farce of bringing kids along! Regardless of what happened yesterday…]

???: [――Calm down, Kafma Irulux.]

Filling his arms with strength, the tattoo patterns on Kafma’s arm writhed. That impulse of his was stopped dead in its tracks by a voice behind him.

Kafma’s eyes widened as he turned around; there, at the back of the room, the figure of a good-looking man sporting onyx hair was located, sitting leisurely in an armchair.

With black hair and black eyes, his dignified and exceptionally well-defined face was as if it saw through anything and everything in its path, unwavering in front of those uninvited guests.

Truly, Abel was impressed with how well the “mask” had been made.

Paying no heed to Abel’s admiration, the handsome man in the back looked at each of the three, Abel included,

???: [There is no hostility within them. At least, in these circumstances.]

Kafma: [But, Your Excellency! The insolence of this person, to not display their face before Your Excellency, not to speak that a feeling of reverence is not being displayed altogether, is that of a scoundrel’s! Moreover, coming along with children…]

???: [What about it?]

Kafma: [No, coming with children in tow, makes very little sense…!]

Kafma, unable to hide all of his pronounced bewilderment, fought his anguish as he rubbed his temples.

To begin with, the man named Kafma had a bad habit of taking things too seriously. It was one thing to take things in earnest, but it was another to add to the room’s worry.

With his excess of seriousness as pretext, he had rejected a position as one of the Nine Divine Generals for feeling himself unworthy. ――Henceforth, barring his character, he was the owner of ability on par with that of the Nine Divine Generals.

Even if no one had fallen victim to Olbart’s wily ways, and even if Taritta had accompanied them to this place, fighting a proper battle with Kafma as an opponent was an impossibility.

But on this point, the battle was in favor of Abel and his team. That was――,

Abel: [I apologize for disturbing your sleeping quarters, but my business is with the girl there. At the present moment, I have no intention of bothering myself with you.]

Girl: [Na… Hk]

???: [Ho. This one does talk up a big game before me. I shall commit that face and that voice to memory. Even more so if you truly are related to the envoy we happened upon at the castle tower yesterday.]

Abel: [Hmm.]

Snorting, Abel touched the chin of the oni mask while his opponent stared back at him―― the one who Subaru had labeled a false Emperor, and whom Abel knew as Chisha Gold, now assuming the form of Vincent.

Right beside Abel, Al and Medium carried complex frowns. The pair, as they were excluded from the effects of the “cognitive disruption”, were witnessing an exchange of words between Vincents possessing exactly the same voices.

The disguise of the White Spider, Chisha, was flawless.

With his voice and his conduct, there was no one else in the world that could perform a substitution of Vincent Vollachia as skillfully as Chisha Gold.

Rather, even contradictory thoughts such as him being more like Vincent than Abel was, could arise.

However――,

Abel: [I have heard about how you responded to my subordinates. For the stern Emperor of Vollachia, you have been considerably magnanimous in forgiving the disrespect of an impudent woman.]

Vincent: [Even so, I am not enough of an eccentric to deal with people who do not know their place. But, if I properly recognize their relative value, they shall be treated accordingly. At any rate――]

Vincent responded to Abel’s sarcasm, and once there was a pause in the former’s words, their gazes intersected in midair, then their lips moved simultaneously.

Abel & Vincent: [――The people of the Empire must be strong.]

Indeed. That was the philosophy of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, their symbolic way of life.

The answer, from the ones fit as Emperors of Vollachia, that dealt adequately with those who had displayed a will to oppose them, could be said to be nothing but a magnificent one indeed.

Even if Abel had been asked the same question, he would have given the same answer.

No matter what laid within his heart.

Vincent: [Kafma, that girl there?]

Kafma: [Yes. Master Olbart requested of me to keep her at the inn… Said Master has since gone out into town, and has yet to return.]

Vincent: [I see.]

Kafma responded with an awkward look on his face, and, nodding at his reply, Vincent’s gaze now turned to Tanza.

The little girl, a tiny being in the corner of the room, let out an “Ah” as she attempted to devote herself to her duty and at least conceal herself, but her shoulders trembled at the sight of the one looking down from the pinnacle of the Empire.

Tanza’s reaction could not be described as neither timid nor frightened. Vincent, taking that in as inevitable,

Vincent: [Olbart’s involvement, yesterday’s agreement with Yorna Mishigure. In addition, the one associated with yesterday’s envoys has appeared looking for you, no less. I get the sense of the overall picture.]

Tanza: [I-I…]

Vincent: [Excuses are unnecessary. Of course, Olbart shall relay to me what happened in your stead, as I am not your master. Additionally, neither am I your enemy.]

Tanza: [Ah…]

Vincent: [Once you have initiated a battle, it is fine to fight it to your utmost earnestness, till the very end. Hence whether your destiny is to burn or not, remains your decision.]

Indifferently, Vincent declared to Tanza that he would not provide any further protection.

If one were to believe, however, that this had made Tanza feel the despair she had abandoned, that would be a mistake.

Tanza: [――――]

Dwelling in Tanza’s round eyes was the same light, perhaps the same flame of determination, the same beacon that dwelled at the time she had decided to take on that battle, that challenge.

That Tanza’s life, as someone belonging to the horned races, had never been peaceful nor cheerful in the least, was a simple, yet plausible guess for Abel. Not to mention that, on the matter of the deerpeople from Chaosflame, that race had been the root cause for a rebellion raised by Yorna Mishigure previously.

Rather, it would not be surprising if Tanza herself was related to any of those casualties.

Tanza: [Vincent-sama, I apologize for the inconvenience. However, this occasion was not brought about by Yorna-sama, I was the one who orchestrated it.]

Vincent: [As I said just now, excuses are unnecessary. The facts, I shall inquire of Yorna Mishigure. You may cease speaking yourself.]

Tanza: [Yes. Thank you very much.]

Tanza rectified her posture, then proffered a deep bow towards Vincent. Once she looked up, Tanza’s gaze then turned towards Abel and the others.

Unlike the gaze directed at Vincent, this one was clearly hostile.

Al: [――Hk.]

Due to that girl’s aura, Al’s throat rasped, despite his attempts to restrain himself.

He was a coward to the extreme, but it was also true that that aura was loaded with such fighting spirit that it made him feel pressure. And so, one could only imagine what circumstances had led her to torment herself this much.

All of this――,

Tanza: [――Please, do not bring Yorna-sama into this war. She is a kind woman, who will surely fight for the sake of the weak masses, no matter how hurt or worn down she may get. Such a thing, I could never overlook. Yorna-sama is everything to me.]

Medium: [Ah…]

Tanza: [Please, please grant this favor. Please…!]

With a small tremor in her words, Tanza’s plea caused Medium to widen her eyes.

It seemed that, to Al and Medium, Tanza’s motives had been unexpected. By far, the goal of the residents who had attacked them on their way here was maintaining the situation of the people of the horned races.

If they lost the protection of Yorna Mishigure, they would lose the safe haven that was the Demon City of Chaosflame, and would resume the long hard days of traveling in the wilderness. That was their fear.

That sentiment was probably held by a considerate portion of the residents of the Demon City.

But on the other hand, the likelihood that the feelings of most of the Demon City’s residents favored Tanza was something Abel was well aware of.

And what convinced him of that, was that the Soul Marriage Technique had spread across the people of the city.

That was a secret technique that could not be formed by one-sided feelings.

If the residents loathed it, the mechanism that tied a vast number of people together would have driven them to madness; but since that was not the case, it only provided definite confirmation for the thoughts Abel had carried from the start.

Abel: [Yorna Mishigure shall be the one to decide. Bowing your head towards me shan’t make a difference.]

Kafma: [――Hk, you.]

For some reason, Kafma’s anger flared up at Abel’s response, the latter with arms crossed.

There was most likely no direct relationship to Tanza, but likely the man held some amount of affection for the girl due to her youth. In that respect, by and large, this was a man who could be described as being of the same ilk as Yorna.

And in regard to the true essence of the Demon City alone, that which was visible to Tanza, was not to Kafma. Hence, she kept her head down and continued.

Tanza: [No, she is not. It is not Yorna-sama’s decision to make, it is yours.]

Abel: [――――]

Tanza : [Yorna-sama’s heart is vast and deep, she is a kind person… and, we attendants can only gaze at that unbelievably far dream, unable to help. The means to grant that dream, you must possess them, surely.]

Abel: […The missive for Yorna Mishigure, are you aware of its contents?]

Tanza: [No.]

Having shaken her head, Tanza denied Abel’s suspicions. However, Tanza ceased shaking her head in front of him, instead casting it downward with a terribly fragile expression on her face,

Tanza: [Still, I understand. ――Ahh, to witness Yorna-sama with the face of a maiden, for the first time.]

Abel: [The face of a maiden, is it.]

Tanza: [Yorna-sama, responds to the love directed at her. But for her to show that appearance of a maiden-in-love to someone… The reason would be no less than the answer to that letter.]

Abel: [Yorna Mishigure would not refuse, so you interfered. Therefore.]

Tanza: [――Yes. All of it was my plan.]

With her head sunken deeply, Tanza confessed to her plot.

All of it was not correct. Undoubtedly, Olbart must have had a hand in Tanza’s scheme, and distorted it to something more vicious.

However, Tanza intended to take responsibility not only for what she herself had started and what her will had led her to do, but also for whatever part Olbart had been involved in.

It was all too――,

Abel: [――Beautiful.]

And so, an inaudible voice took form only within someone’s mouth, and went unheard by anyone.

Naturally, it went unheard by all; not even by Tanza, who bowed her head, nor by Al and Medium, both on-guard, nor by Kafma, who held back his anger, nor by Vincent, who rested his hand on his chin.

Abel: [I have a grasp regarding your participation. But, how does this matter?]

Tanza: [――. How, why…]

Abel: [Even after divulging your heart of hearts, you could continue your scheme if you desired. Even if you are beheaded, the residents of the Demon City shall still target my group. ――No, if you are beheaded in the first place, Yorna Mishigure’s cooperation shall not be obtained.]

Tanza: [――――]

Abel: [Or perhaps, having your own head lopped off was a measure you were willing to take?]

Casting her gaze downwards, a slight tension ran up Tanza’s neck. Having observed this, Abel was convinced that Tanza had left the option of taking her own life on the table.

Suffice to say, it was well thought-out. ――Although there were a few things to ponder over until it could be put into action.

Al: [So you were gonna put your life on the line… You’re one hell of a girl.]

Medium: [No way! I won’t let you, ever! You won’t let her, will you, Abel-chin?]

At the revelation of the extent of Tanza’s resolution, Al was at a loss for words, as Medium probed Abel.

In case Abel voiced something contrary to her feelings, while the posture that Medium would adopt was something to be considered, it was a thought that may be regarded as meaningless.

Abel: [I should have already spoken such. If her own death is one of the measures she was willing to take, then taking her life would fulfill those plans. Unfortunately, I hold no interest in partaking in such schemes.]

Medium: [Abel-chin…!]

Abel: [People should die in a more efficient manner.]

Medium: [Abel-chin…]

A pawn that operated according to their own agenda was a nuisance, regardless of whether they were one’s own camp or the enemy’s.

Taking that into account, the being known as Tanza was a poison beyond their control. However, unless one was steeled to drink said poison, one would be unable to introduce stronger poisons.

Having made his decision, Abel fixed his gaze on Tanza, sitting on the floor, and said,

Abel: [I have no intention to take your life. But, I shall order you to call off the orders you gave your brethren.]

Tanza: […So then, about my earlier request.]

Abel: [To not bring Yorna Mishigure into this war, hmm? ――That is impossible.]

Tanza: [――Hk!]

Abel made a clear, definitive statement, and Tanza was rendered speechless.

From her point of view, it was the announcement of a future event that she wished would not pass, even if that meant that she had to sacrifice her own life. However, that was Tanza’s misconception. And it was a hopelessly mistaken desire.

Because――,

Abel: [Even if I had not shown up, Yorna Mishigure would have been engulfed in the maelstrom of war. That is the position she has taken, making it unavoidable.]

Tanza: [What in the world do you see…]

Abel: [I shan’t speak to others of what is reflected in my eyes. However, I have measures for any possibility. No matter how it appears to those around me.]

While responding to the quivering Tanza, his eyes trained on her own, Abel abruptly took his gaze off the girl.

Instead, his dark eyes turned towards the silent Vincent, stock-still at the back of the room. Now sitting atop the throne of the Emperor, was the false Emperor, Vincent Vollachia.

No matter what motivation he’d had to topple him from his position――.

Abel: [My way of being remains unchanged. There is no altering that. My path towards retreat has been burnt down, a single path exists. ――You would do well, to sear this into memory.]

Vincent: [――I shall keep that in mind.]

To Abel’s words, Vincent quietly replied.

That was all it took to inflame the atmosphere of the room, which lent the illusion of rising temperatures. In fact, everyone, with the exception of Abel and Vincent, were still, sweat beading on their foreheads.

Abel: [Girl, Tanza, raise your face.]

After the standoff between the new and old Emperor, Abel called upon the girl who regretted her lack of strength. Slowly, the girl raised her head with tears welled up in her eyes, as Abel sighed.

Abel: [From the onset, I did not call upon your mistress with the intention of wasting her. Her use requires thoughtful consideration, valuable assets must be made use of optimally. ――People should die in an efficient manner.]

Tanza: […Can I place trust in you in that regard?]

Abel: [Even if you do not believe me, that shall not change what I must do.]

Tanza attempted to cling onto her budding hopes, but that not-so-gentle response extinguished them.

Behind him, Al applied the back of his hand to his forehead, and Medium let out a sigh. However, after a brief hesitation, Tanza nodded her head.

Tanza: [Okay, I understand… Please, regarding Yorna-sama…]

Abel: [To fulfill that request, there are steps to be taken by your side. As it stands, I cannot merely stroll around this city.]

Al: [Yeah, that’s right. That’s what we came here for in the first place.]

Upon hearing the condition presented by Abel, Al seemed more lively as he spoke.

Presently, Al harbored fright for just about everything; it was possible to say that, for him, it was certainly a matter of life-or-death. It was imperative to get those chasing Abel and his allies, who were following Tanza’s call to action, off their backs.

Tanza: [But, how did you know I was here?]

Abel: [I made my decision with the fact it was Olbart’s doing in mind. Another possibility I considered, was that of him hiding in the Crimson Lapis Castle, but given the deployment of the pursuers, the matter of distance took precedence.]

Tanza: [――Ah.]

Abel: [Above all, you need to back off, for there are many lives currently in danger.]

Taritta was being hunted by a hundred people, and they had pretty much been separated from Subaru and Louis as a result.

Neither of them had their lives guaranteed, as long as they continued to be pursued by such hordes. Of course, Abel, alongside the powerless Al and the Medium at half-strength who accompanied him, were no exception.

In order to continue the match against Olbart, Tanza’s capture was a top priority.

Tanza: […It is my loss, I guess.]

Abel: [That much is obvious. But, there is no need to feel shame.]

Tanza: [Eh…?]

Abel responded only that much to Tanza’s sole muttered word, then turned his back to her.

Without hearing an answer beyond that, Tanza blinked her eyes open in surprise. A voice then called out, “Girl”, to Tanza’s back,

Tanza: [Vincent, sama…]

Vincent: [As that one has spoken, there is no need to be ashamed.]

Tanza: [B-but, I…]

Vincent: [Lost. But, that means you threw the gauntlet. ――Just as I hoped.]

Tanza: [――――]

Vincent spoke those words while looking on at a distance, his chin resting in his hand, which caused Tanza to widen her eyes. However, as she lowered her head, the corners of her eyes slowly pooled with tears.

While she cast her eyes downwards, shedding tears, those drops softly, gently fell, and,

Tanza: [Yorna-sama, I apologize… I was, immature…]

And so, in a tearful voice, she apologized to her beloved master.

△▼△▼△▼△

And so, with a tearful Tanza behind them――,

Al: [With this, can we assume that the attackers will back off for the moment?]

Abel: [Yes. Of course, it is possible Tanza’s crying is part of a scheme against us…]

Medium: [No way! That absolutely can’t be!]

Medium, cheeks puffed out and in an imposing stance, lashed out at Abel’s concern.

At that menacing look, Abel closed one eye and traced his finger across the forehead of the oni mask.

Abel: [So, it seems there has been no improvement in your condition, right?]

Al: [Guh…]

Abel: [If you become useless, I shall have no choice but to discard you mercilessly. Albeit you are Priscilla’s clown, do not believe that it absolves you. Keep that in mind.]

Al: [I, get it… It’s not like I wanna be like this forever.]

Receiving that glare and a cold-hearted judgment, Al responded through gritted teeth.

There was no power in the voice of his response, Al’s fear had not abated. But regardless of Al’s physical and mental state, he would now be able to walk around.

Medium: [Then all that’s left is to resume the search for Gramps… Err, or would it be better to look for Taritta-chan? Or…]

Abel: [If the goal is to regroup, it would be ill-advised for us to act; Taritta’s eyes would find us much faster than we could find her. As for those fools…]

Medium: [H-hmm…]

Abel: [――. In any case, we shall stick to our plan of looking for Olbart. If we do, we shall find them in the process of looking for Olbart. That is, if we succeed in finding “an abyss with a great view”.]

Folding his arms, Abel murmured so, which made Medium widen her eyes in surprise with an “Huh?”.

Medium: [By any chance, Abel-chin, do you know where Gramps is hiding?]

Abel: [I have a guess on the second hiding place, at the very least. Crimson Lapis Castle.]

Al: [W-what are you saying? You mean, in that Castle?]

Abel: [Tanza’s reaction. When I brought up the subject of the Castle, she rapidly averted her eyes; Tanza herself was hiding in a traveling inn, but she must have known about Olbart’s hiding place as well. Although, it is not certain that she even had an inkling about the third hiding place.]

The procedure for Olbart and Tanza’s cooperation was that after Tanza delivered the message, Olbart would propose a game to Abel’s group. Then, after they discovered the first hiding place right behind them, the logical step was for Olbart to go outside and accompany Tanza to the traveling inn.

Of course, considering that Tanza could be apprehended, it was possible that Olbart had Tanza accept false information.

Abel: [The trick of hiding out in the Crimson Lapis Castle is also something to Olbart’s liking.]

Medium: […Hm, I see. Well, we should go to the Castle as soon as possible.]

Al: [Yeah. We need to see that geezer immediately to get our bodies restored… If our bodies are restored, we should be fine. Same goes for bro and that pipsqueak if that happens.]

Clenching his fists tightly, Al grumbled this as if he were praying for it, as if he were cursing Olbart.

Al, having lost his mental capacity due to his own body having been shrunken, held extreme hostility towards the sort of relationship between the disappeared duo of Subaru and Louis.

When it came to him, he would like to get Subaru to how he was before as soon as possible, to ponder over a normal decision regarding Louis. However, Abel was doubtful that Natsuki Subaru would make a normal decision upon returning to his original body―― And before that.

Abel: [No matter what your thoughts may be, I have no intention of letting Olbart’s technique be undone so simply.]

Al: [Huh?]

Medium: [Eh?]

Abel: [To be precise, I shall not interfere with either you or Medium. However, I have no intention of allowing the technique on Natsuki Subaru to be dispelled for a short while. It would be best to keep him in that state for the time being.]

Upon hearing Abel’s plan, the two were left astonished, their eyes and mouths wide open.

Then, after a pause,

Al: [Q-quit fucking about! The fuck’s up with that? You didn’t say anything like that before!?]

Incensed, Al, his voice trembling with anger, grabbed Abel’s collar―― or rather, as he could not reach it due to his height, the belly section of Abel’s clothes was grabbed, lashing out at him.

However Abel, his countenance unphased by that powerless threat, replied with “It is as I stated”,

Abel: [For now, I shall have him remain as-is, in his infantile form, for a while.]

Al: [Bastard…]

Medium: [Is that related to why you were bullying Subaru-chin?]

Exerting more pressure, Al inched closer towards him, while Medium grabbed his shoulders from behind. As she posed that question, she stared fixedly at Abel.

Upon her inquiry, Abel quietly exhaled,

Abel: [I do not recall bullying him, or any other low-level behavior of the sort.]

Medium: [Call it whatever you want! But, Abel-chin, you were trying to scare Subaru-chin on the way here, to get him to say something! Is it because of that?]

Abel: [――――]

Medium: [That’s so unfair! If there’s something you wanna hear, just ask and they’ll usually tell you! It’s because of something like that…]

Abel: [――Unfortunately, there is no way that shall happen.]

Hearing the quiet, serene emotion in his voice, Medium could not help but stumble over her words, letting out only a “Eh?”.

Giving a sidelong glance to Medium’s surprised face, Abel brushed off Al’s arm that was gripping him with ease, and spoke,

Abel: [My thoughts have nothing to do with the wickedness that Medium suggests. It is merely a necessary thing.]

Al: [Necessary!? What the hell!? Why just bro… What about me and Lil’ Miss Medium!]

Abel: [You do not meet the requirements. You possess one arm, and Medium’s hair and eye color are the reasons for her.]

Al: [Wha…!?]

Not grasping the meaning of that statement, Al’s anger grew more and more intense. Medium, too, was left with a face that betrayed her lack of understanding of the true nature of Abel’s intentions, while a surprise of different origin still remained on her face.

And, Abel’s bottom line was――,

Abel: [Even though the situation remains unaltered, the pieces are falling into place. Henceforth――]

Through his oni mask, Abel gazed out the window of a room in a traveling inn. Towards the outside, his eyes reflecting the Crimson Lapis Castle.

It was a gesture to stare at something far more symbolic than the Castle itself; and, in fact, Abel stretched his hand straight out as if to grasp something that could not be reached.

Abel: [――You shall accompany me, Natsuki Subaru. Blown by an unopposable wind, into the midst of war.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Olbart: [That’s why that deergirl’s with His Excellency.]

Subaru: [――――]

Olbart answered calmly, sitting cross-legged with his short arms crossed. Hearing his astonishing answer, Subaru was simply left dumbfounded.

He was not surprised because it was outside the realm of his imagination, however.

Subaru: [I thought she’d be at their inn, in case she wasn’t in the Castle…]

Olbart: [Oh, ya thought of it. Well then, boy, ya gotta have a terrible personality. Ya sure ya don’t have some of that Vollachian Imperial Family blood in ya after all?]

Subaru: [That’s really creeping me out, so don’t say that…]

It was perhaps Olbart’s comedic style, but not a single one of his jokes were really funny. As always, the person in question let out a “Kakakakka!”. In fact, he appeared to be in a good mood, which was probably the secret of his long life.

Paying no mind to others, not allowing stress to build up, laughing quite often; he was the very example of it.

Subaru: [There’s a saying in my hometown, that ill weeds grow apace.]

Olbart: [Oh, a proverb, is it? What’s it mean?]

Subaru: [Something like, the more you’re hated, the longer you live.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Well, I don’t have an excuse for that. Ouch.]

Louis: [Au!]

Louis’s angry fist struck Olbart, who was laughing hysterically at the meaning of the saying. Though it was a simple smack on the shoulder, the effort put into just touching it had led to this scene.

Perhaps Olbart, as a member of the most powerful of the Empire, would deal with the smack however he wished, were it anything akin to hostility or murderous intent.

In that sense, Subaru’s move in using Louis’s teleport as a playful touch of pursuit rather than an attack had been the correct option. Yes, he should be proud of himself.

Yorna: [Anyway, I now know where Tanza is… I heard that the residents of the city have been very unkind to you and the others, and I apologize for that.]

Subaru: [Huh, no, Yorna-san, stop it please! There’s nothing to be sorry about!]

Louis: [Uu!]

Yorna bending her knees on the spot in apology caused Subaru to be flustered. Even Louis jumped up involuntarily at the significance of having Yorna bow her head.

In fact, Yorna had taken him seriously, had not backed down at all against Olbart, and had tried to help Subaru again and again, and so on and so on――.

Subaru: [Uh…]

Yorna: [――? What’s the matter, child? Your face is so red.]

Subaru: [No, well, I just remembered some things…]

As the situation calmed down and the pain and suffering that had been pouring down like a nightmare receded, Subaru was reminded of the many times Yorna and him had exchanged a kiss, in those repeated moments of pain and suffering.

That memory had not remained in Yorna’s memory, and Subaru was not in a position to remember the feeling of the kiss itself, so he only remembered it as an event that had happened.

Still, honestly, he admired and liked Yorna a great deal for her willingness to kiss him in order to make it so he’d like her, just so a dying child could be saved.

And because of that――,

Subaru: [I don’t want you to get mixed up in this.]

An increasingly stronger resistance to bringing Yorna into the fray, to bring her into a war that would destabilize the entire Empire, was welling up within Subaru.

He was unsure if this was only because he had been made younger, or if he would think differently once he was back in his proper body.

But even if Subaru thought differently after returning to his original body, he would not believe that what Subaru felt and thought in this young body would be wrong, either.

Because if that was the case――,

Louis: [Uau?]

Subaru: [I don’t want to leave the answer regarding you to someone else completely, even if that person’s my grown-up self.]

The question of what to do with Louis, the young girl who held his hand, was a question that Subaru’s mind was not able to answer.

If they joined Abel and the others, that was definitely an unavoidable subject. However, at the end of those ten seconds of despair, there was one thing that Subaru could not help but feel.

――He did not wish to kill Louis or to permit Louis’s death, that much was clear.

Yorna: [The restoration of the Castle will have to wait. First, I’ll go to see Tanza.]

Subaru: [Ah… Yorna-san, um, about Tanza…]

Don’t be too harsh on her , but from Subaru’s point of view, that was difficult to say.

Even if he believed that she had her own agenda and thoughts, Subaru had not heard them. It was just that――,

Yorna: [It goes without saying that I’d never scold her without asking her to explain herself. Moreover, if that girl’s been overcome by her own feelings, I’d be to blame as well.]

Subaru didn’t need to worry; the Mistress of the Demon City knew what she had to do.

Because she was exactly like this, was probably why a great deal of people, Tanza included, adored her.

Subaru hoped that if she would not suddenly become cold once he returned to normal, if possible.

Subaru: [I might cry if that happens…]

That was rather, seriously heartbreaking to imagine. Sincerely, he hoped it wouldn’t come to pass.

Anyhow, if Yorna could convince Tanza, the residents who had been chasing Subaru and his friends would withdraw. Subaru’s critical second step would start from there.

But――,

Subaru: [――There’s nothing scarier than dying.]

He told himself that, after going through such a horrifying experience, things were okay.

On top of that, Subaru also wanted to get out of the Castle with Yorna――,

Olbart: [Wha, waitwait, boy. Why don’t I turn ya back? Or do ya like yerself better now? I don’t particularly mind if so.]

Subaru: [Oh, sorry, no, of course not. I’ll turn back, I’ll turn back, I’ll turn back alright. I mean, I’m getting used to being in this form, but I’m going to have trouble finding things to wear.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Ya got a lotta nerve worryin’ ‘bout that.]

Olbart called out to his back, and Subaru stepped on a roof tile and spun around.

In fact, although his body had been shrunk only for a few hours, he had exceeded the total number of deaths up until now, and so this became the body he had lived and died with the most.

He didn’t want to say it was because of that, but his small body felt like a bad omen, so if he could get back he’d like to get back to his normal size sooner rather than later.

Right now, the only thing that scared him was the possibility that his views might change abruptly, but――,

Subaru: [Don’t worry, Louis. I’m going to face you properly.]

Louis: [Uau… Au.]

Louis cast her head down after Subaru’s words, but then she gave a deep nod. Subaru pushed on Louis’s forehead with a finger, directing her towards Yorna.

Louis’s back struck her, and Yorna took her in.

Yorna: [Child, what is Old Man Olbart doing…]

Subaru: [Hm, I don’t fully trust him, but I’d like to think that he’s at least got just barely enough humanity left in him to follow the logic of victory and defeat.]

Olbart: [Oiii~, I can hear ya, ya know.]

Subaru: [I know that, that’s why I’m saying it.]

Subaru smiled wryly in response to Olbart’s teasing. To Subaru’s answer, Yorna narrowed her eyes as she hugged Louis tightly.

Yorna: [If you understand that, then I have nothing else to say. I haven’t been told what’ll happen exactly, but this child and I will be watching you.]

Louis: [Uh!]

Subaru: [Hmm, okay. Well, you know, I hope you’ll be on good terms with me after this, Yorna-san.]

Yorna: [――? Child, you’re quite the worrier, aren’t you?]

Being sent off by Yorna smiling at him and Louis’s cheerful face, Subaru went to Olbart’s side. Standing up, Olbart patted himself on the lower back, and spoke,

Olbart: [You’re talkin’ crap again. Oh geez, let’s get this over with.]

Subaru: [Yeah… Uhh, is it going to hurt?]

Olbart: [Did it hurt when ya shrank down? Then, that’s the answer!]

Giving a brief answer to Subaru’s hesitant question, Olbart’s outstretched hand gently touched Subaru’s solar plexus.

Abel had conjectured that Olbart’s “infantilization” technique interfered with the Od, and perhaps that Od resided somewhere around the heart.

At the same time, a memory came back to Subaru’s mind. The previous day, he had indeed received a painless blow from Olbart as he fled from the keep right beneath where he was currently standing.

Subaru’s “infantilization” had occurred, with the interference of his Od as a trigger.

Only a few hours had passed since his body had been shrunken, but it felt like that had been the biggest struggle he’d faced since coming to the Empire. Although, ever since he’d been in the Empire, he’d been struggling to begin with.

Even including the time outside of the Empire, those ten seconds of despair were some of the greatest――,

Subaru: [Oh, speaking of which…]

Suddenly, Subaru remembered something he had been attempting not to think about.

Those ten seconds of despair, that seemingly hellish cycle of rebirth and death, were a far cry from the Return by Death that Subaru had come to know.

What had brought this about, and what had happened to Return by Death, the Authority that resided in Subaru?

???: [Found you.]

△▼△▼△▼△

——Everything that happened in that instant, was incomprehensible for all those who were present.

Olbart: [Ugh.]

Along with those words, Olbart withdrew his outstretched right hand in an instant.

But, too slow. Olbart’s wrinkled right hand, from the wrist onwards, vanished.

And then――,

Yorna: [Chil――]

Louis: [Uau!!]

Her eyes widened in shock, Yorna pulled Louis into her arms and jumped backwards a great distance, hugging the girl struggling to break free.

Immediately afterwards, pure dark flooded Yorna and Louis’s field of vision, and, in one fell swoop, swallowed the castle tower, the upper parts, and the middle parts of the Crimson Lapis Castle, famous for its majestic and bright brilliance.

And then――,

Kafma: [Your Excellency! That is…]

Vincent: [――――]

From a distance, looking at the scene outside the window, Kafma, at the side of the Emperor he served to protect, and harboring a sharp fighting aura, felt as if all the bugs in his body shivered in terror.

In the meantime, Vincent had stood up, turning his sharp gaze towards the Castle dyed in black, allowing his deliberate thoughts to flow with all the peace in the world.

And then――,

Tanza: [That’s, the Castle… Yorna-sama…]

Al: [Ah, ahhh, AHHHHHHH――!]

Medium: [Al-chin!?]

In a daze, the children stared at what had happened bug-eyed, in absolute shock.

Tanza feared for her master, who remained in the Castle; and Al, at the damage dealt to the city, screamed louder than anyone in the city—— no, louder than anyone in the world.

Medium dashed over to him and supported Al’s shoulders. She stared at Abel as if clinging on to him in this inexplicable situation.

And then――,

???: [Myyy~ oh my, how should I put it… This might be, a small bit I didn’t gaze.]

Taritta: [ You ――]

Watching the crumbling city from a distance, being swallowed by the shadows, Ubilk let out an easy-going mutter, using his hands as a visor, while the brown Shudraq standing opposite to him, Taritta, listened to him while grinding her teeth.

As if it were difficult to decide whether the shadow in the distance, or the man in front of her, were what she ought to pay attention to.

And then――,

Abel: [――Is this, the true identity of the thing you had been carrying within?]

He directed his eyes to the same thing the false Emperor and the bawling children regarded, and Abel muttered so.

Clenching his fists tightly, he bit his lip, to the extent that blood flowed, hidden on the other side of the oni mask. As he glared at the jet-black mass, his countenance distorted to the point it resembled the terrifying visage of his oni mask.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――I love you.

――I love you. I love you. I love you.

――I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.

――I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.

Love akin to a curse that would never, by any means, leave, transcending every conceivable dimension, was blotting out the existence called Natsuki Subaru.

A hellish world devoid of love; that, he knew.

That his own self was still loved; that, Natsuki Subaru knew.

However, at the same time, that not all forms of “love” should be something to be affirmed, that he also should know.

Exactly because of his ignorance, there would be retribution.

Exactly because of his ignorance, of why everyone dreaded it, ran from it.

――It morphed into a sable shadow, swallowing all things, cheering while destroying.

Cheering for reuniting, for coming together, for embracing, for being tied, for this predestination, for this forward march.

Cheering for confession, for regret, for suspicion, for its mysteriousness, for exaltation, for devotion.

A hellish world devoid of love, that he knew.

If he were to arrive at a world with love, what sort of hell would it be?

Subaru did not understand. He understood naught.

If there was something he could say, in this situation inexplicable to anyone, there was only one thing.

The utopia of those ostracized, the Demon City of Chaosflame.

――The ruin of this utopia, was brought about by the causality of none other than Natsuki Subaru.

--- Chapter 55: The Cacophony of the Demon City ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――At the heart of the Demon City of Chaosflame, the Crimson Lapis Castle collapsed, shadows overflowing.

That was the true nature of the thunderous roar that rocked the city, and the nightmarish spectacle witnessed through the eyes of those present.

Blending within a single stone of crimson lapis, red and blue colors danced. And the gorgeous Castle, fashioned from stacking these precious stones of whimsical beauty, crumbled as easily as a castle made of sand.

To those who knew the Demon City and to the residents of the Demon City, it was a shock, equivalent to that of the heavens falling.

What should not have come to pass had indeed happened, to the point of blurring the line between dream and reality―― and this was no exception for those less familiar with the Demon City.

???: [――――]

The tremors also spread to a room in a traveling inn that was prepared for outside visitors to the Demon City.

Some stared bug-eyed, glaciated in place; some stiffened their whole body in utmost alertness; some shrieked, having fallen on their rear; some drew nearer to each other, as to protect themselves from the quaking.

However, despite the differing reactions, the identity of what befell them was the same “threat”.

While held captive by it, seized by instinctive fear for a moment, the irreparable situation was――,

??? & ???: [――Everyone, quiet down!]

That moment, a sharp, resonant, “overlapping” voice cut through the interval of time marked by rigidity caused by the threat.

The two voices which resonated within the room―― homogeneous ones at that, struck their eardrums, rousing even those minds that had fallen into ceased thought.

The pair to emit a sharp voice were the black-haired figures, the ones before them raising their heads in a snap.

The two men, one with a bare face and the other with his behind an oni mask, each reached out their arm towards the overwhelming scene of collapse that could be seen outside the window.

Abel: [Do not stop! If we delay in dealing with that thing, we shall all lose our lives.]

Vincent: [That which has swallowed the castle and is still devouring the sky altogether is a great glutton. If we do not do something here, the number of victims shall multiply in the blink of an eye!]

Everyone: [――――]

Abel & Vincent: [――Kafma Irulux!]

As if their thoughts were the same, the two men’s gazes converged on one person.

The brown-skinned man to whom those steady stares were directed―― Kafma Irulux, was thrust into the midst of confusion, unknowing of which way to turn his gaze of bewilderment.

But the confusion would not prolong for long. Because――,

Abel & Vincent: [Stop that shadow! Know that the price for your procrastination is the lives of the people of the Empire!]

Kafma: [――Yes!]

The moment he was presented with the action needed to be taken and the clear purpose of what needed to be done, the hesitation in Kafma’s eyes vanished.

Kafma placed his fist on his chest, bowed, and spoke,

Kafma: [I shall leave your side. May the Divine Protection of the Yang Sword be with you!]

Vincent: [Your work shall be my Divine Protection. Exert yourself to the very last.]

Kafma: [To the utmost――!]

Giving a powerful reply, Kafma headed straight toward the window.

Using that vigor for a leap, Kafma sliced through the window with his outstretched arm and rushed out, scattering shards of glass. Immediately after, Kafma’s back bulged out, and six transparent wings spread out from behind his cloak, which he had cast off.

Fluttering wings that gave the impression of being those of a winged insect’s, Kafma’s figure flew through the sky of the Demon City as if cleaving the sky itself.

The course was straight for Crimson Lapis Castle, which was set to be destroyed by the overflowing shadows.

Abel: [How many people did you bring?]

Giving a backwards glance at Kafma’s flight, the man in the oni mask―― Abel, asked a pointed question. The question was directed at Vincent, a black-haired handsome man, who had received a bow from Kafma.

The man now occupying the throne of the Vollachian Empire narrowed his eyes slightly at Abel’s question.

Vincent : [ My retinue is as you can see, Kafma Irulux and the absent Olbart Dunkelkenn. The other one would not be of much help.]

Abel: [No pawns to lay down. Perhaps travelling light has backfired.]

Vincent: [ The responsibility you are accounting me for is exceeding absurdity.]

Once Vincent revealed his cards without hesitation, Abel uttered an inconsiderate comment. Vincent responded with a complaint, to which Abel did not take kindly.

Abel, his hand on his chin and his fingers tracing the bottom of the oni mask, pondered for a few seconds, then glanced at the others in the room――the ones who were unable to hide their unease at the threat.

The two girls, both young in appearance, were able to react to that gaze, even though they did not speak.

One of them was Medium O’Connell with blonde hair and blue eyes; and the other was Tanza, a deerperson in a kimono with round, quivering eyes. Neither of them would be the deciding factor in this situation.

The only one who could potentially be some sort of key actor would be――

???: [Ah, ahhh… Why, why, why, at a time like this…]

Medium: [Al-chin…]

The frightened voice gave no heed whatsoever to the quiet Abel’s stare.

Holding his head with his right hand, terrified of the scene outside the window but tormented by the dilemma of being unable to take his eyes off it, was a dark-haired boy, his face concealed by a ragged piece of cloth that had been messily rolled-up.

Of all the people Abel had with him, this boy was, in a sense, the one who had not shown his true depths, but given this terrified look of his, which did not appear to be an act, Abel was hesitant to include him in the plan.

It was not out of consideration for the feelings of the person. ――It was purely an appraisal of uselessness.

Vincent : [ If so, not many measures can be taken.]

The profile of Abel in careful deliberation was struck by Vincent’s words, the latter standing next to him.

Standing side-by-side, the two men looked out the window―― or perhaps, they ought to be called two Emperors.

Abel exhaled, dismissing the sentiment that momentarily surfaced as trivial.

Vincent was right; not many possible measures could be taken.

And in response to Vincent, who would have reached the same conclusion, he voiced scant words――,

Abel: [――Link up with Yorna Mishigure. We require her strength.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Taritta, smelling a change in the situation, moistened her parched lips with her tongue.

The change in the air, the scent of the pursuers, the feeling on her skin of bloodlust and hostility directed at her; all of those of which appealed to her differently than they had just before, making her pause for a moment to make a decision considering these sensations.

She impetuously wondered whether they really were a good thing or a bad thing.

However――,

Taritta: [――Neither of those matter .]

If her conclusion were the same, Taritta would not be deeply concerned.

She was aware that she was not very bright to begin with. If this were Mizelda, her older sister, she would probably be able to deduce the correct answer based on her instinctive intuition, even if their minds were not so different.

But Taritta did not possess the same sense of smell as her sister. Probably, she also lacked the quick wit. She had absolutely nothing.

Spending vast quantities of time worrying about it would eventually lead to endless hesitation about which answer was the correct one.

Therefore, she decided to just, not waver. Once the outcome was clear, she could agonize endlessly about the pros and cons of it.

Therefore, Taritta did not change her approach, regardless of the change in the atmosphere of her pursuers.

???: [Gah, guh…]

Taritta: [You can’t break free . No matter how strong you are .]

Tightened around the struggling man with bloodshot eyes, Taritta’s jacket blocked his respiratory tract.

The sheepman with his right eye ablaze attempted to escape his restraints desperately, but Taritta, having taken off her jacket to use its sleeve to constrict his neck, cut a tendon in her opponent’s arm, preventing him from acting.

Frankly speaking, she was greatly tormented by the robustness of her pursuers, who kept getting back up even after she had gouged out their vital areas.

Taritta: [Even if I don’t know how to deal with it , even I managed it one way or the other .]

???: [――――]

Eventually, the man’s panting voice became inaudible, and his body, losing its strength, went limp. Choosing that moment, Taritta removed the jacket from around the man’s neck and pulled his collapsed body to the side of the road.

Taritta sighed as she exhaled, and behind her, the bodies of her pursuers, having been strangled by her, were lying in a row along the walls of the street.

After realizing that strikes and knife attacks were ineffective and that strangulation techniques were effective, she ended up fighting them off with that single technique.

Although the pursuers had been blessed with unusual strength and stamina, they seemed to be novices in the art of efficiently applying such power.

Thanks to this, Taritta’s skills pulled through and she was able to continue to properly neutralize her pursuers.

――If she could have just let him die, this affair would have been done and over with much faster.

???: [ ―― Do not kill anyone.] [1]

With that phrase flashing across her head, Taritta was forced into quite the struggle.

Abel had given her those words of instruction just before she parted to serve as a decoy, to allow everyone to get away from the inn.

Considering the circumstances into which she was put, perhaps she should have objected by calling them reckless words at the time. But would someone with eyes as discerning as Abel’s give instructions that could not be carried out?

Or perhaps he had given that instruction with the belief that Taritta was capable of following it?

If so, it would mean that Abel had perceived Taritta’s ability.

Taritta: [――――]

Just to what extent was Abel capable of seeing things?

Of course, one only had to look at the mysterious techniques that had struck Subaru, Medium, and Al to see that Abel was not a person able to anticipate every eventuality and move with perfect foresight.

If such a thing were possible, it would no longer be the work of a human being, but the work of an extraordinary being.

It was a realm of reasoning that should not be ventured into, something that could not be considered possible of being violated by a human being.

One could not help but think if a human being able to reach what was just beyond their reach existed, that too was a deliberation.

As one of the Shudraq, Taritta possessed the skill to take down any prey.

Abel would have known that Taritta had mastered the art of strangulation, which was not supposed to work on beasts, and the reason for this――,

???: [――Well well, thiiis~ is quite the spectacle.]

Taritta: [――Hk.]

While ruminating over that, a voice slipped into a gap in Taritta’s consciousness, stopping her in her tracks.

Abruptly jolted back to reality by this, Taritta turned around with a dagger in her hand. Then, hoping to drive a blow to the assassin who had closed in behind her without any cue――,

???: [Wahwahwah, waitwait! Wait, will you! That’s a taaad~ premature.]

Taritta: [―― You ?]

???: [――Oh, are you alright? Have you calmed down? Is it okay if I put my arms down?]

Just as she was about to disable her opponent’s limbs, Taritta stopped wielding her knife in an instant.

In front of her, holding his head and awkwardly attempting to defend himself, was an ashen-haired, effeminate man in a hooded blue robe.

He was a man with a handsome face however; the flame common to her pursuers was not burning in his eyes, and above all, the amateurishness of his demeanor made him seem harmless.

However, the fact remained that he had evaded Taritta’s vigilance and stood behind her.

Taritta: [――――]

Delicate Man: [Myyy~ oh my, guess I’m distrusted a whole lot. I happen to be just a regular guy passing by this place…]

Taritta: […I don’t think an ordinary person would be able to look at this and remain calm .]

The self-proclaimed “harmless” delicate man, gave one more reason as to why it was impossible for her to let down her guard towards him.

Regarding the bodies of her pursuers lined up on the wall―― unless he approached them and checked whether they were alive or dead, it would not be surprising if he believed them dead; yet he remained unfazed.

Unless his heart had gone cold, she could not come up with an answer aside from him being accustomed to them.

At Taritta’s wary look, the delicate man smiled bashfully.

For a moment, she was almost distracted by the smile of the finely-featured man, but her wariness of danger won out over her reaction to his beautiful looks. When it came to handsome men with delicate faces, Flop was plenty enough.

――Right now isn’t the time to be thinking about him.

Delicate Man: [Ohhh~ no, I’ve been seen through. I certainly wouldn’t say it’s a familiar sight back home. I told you it was quite the spectacle. ――Well, Taritta-san.]

Taritta: [――Hk.]

Delicate Man: [Oh, don’t gut me, don’t gut me! I’m not the enemy, even if I seem suspicious!]

Her caution, that had begun to slacken for a moment until just before that, was instantly reinforced

The man of delicate features in front of her called out Taritta’s name with a cool demeanor, as if she were something like an old acquaintance of his. Of course, the man before Taritta’s eyes was no sort of acquaintance.

There should be no one Taritta was familiar with and would call her by name here; that information should not have been acquired by him.

The only ones that could have possibly given him that information were Abel and the others, who had separated from her, but――,

Taritta: [ You , have you met my family ?]

Delicate Man: [――? You’ve come with your family? Hmmm~, I’ve heard the People of Shudraq don’t come out of the forest often, was there a change in the Chieftain’s policy?]

Taritta: [How do you know that I’m …!]

Delicate Man: [Whaaat’s~ that, feels like it the more you speak. That’s all.]

With a wry smile, the attitude of the delicate man towards Taritta seemed to have deepened in familiarity, but in contrast, Taritta grew more cautious of him, her feelings of displeasure intensifying by his eeriness.

There was nothing like a sign of hostility, or anything of the sort.

However, the intensifying eeriness, little-by-little, instilled in Taritta the dangerous impression that she should, at this juncture, eliminate him.

And Taritta had an inkling of how the planted seedlings of suspicion would sprout, what buds they would develop, and what flowers they would bloom.

The reason was――,

Delicate Man: [――Disgrace of the Shudraq.]

Taritta: [――Ah.]

Suddenly, Taritta’s consciousness went blank as she heard the words woven by the delicate man’s lips.

Taritta: [――――]

Why did this man say those words? ――No, why does he know?

Because the man who had spoken those words to Taritta before had already――,

Delicate Man: [It’s a commandment, isn’t it? For you, who became the Disgrace of the Shudraq, Taritta-san.]

Taritta: [ A , commandment …?]

Delicate Man: [It’s about something which can be described as the alignment of the stars, or their guidance. It’s like, about people having their own destiniiies~? I’m in the business of gazing at them.]

Taritta was left dumbfounded, and the delicate man shook his head saying, “Ohhh~”.

Then he put his hand on his own chest, and, with his two eyes, shot straight through Taritta,

Delicate Man: [I guess you could call it a commandment for us.]

Taritta: [――――]

Taritta swallowed a breath, her throat making a noise, at that pronoun being spoken in the plural.

The loudness of that noise was accompanied by the illusion that the whole world was quaking. ――No, Taritta’s gulp did not make the world quake.

However, as a matter-of-fact, the world was quaking.

That was――,

Delicate Man: [Hoooly~ crap.]

The delicate man let out a carefree sigh which conferred on him the impression of a happy-go-lucky person.

However, what happened was an event so extreme that his attitude could not express it completely.

――In the distance, the beautiful Crimson Lapis Castle, which stood at the heart of the Demon City, far away from Taritta and the delicate man, crumbled with terrific force, its red and blue light being covered by black darkness.

It was no figurative expression, for a truly black darkness covered the Crimson Lapis Castle.

Something beautiful, something radiant, was being painted over by something foul, something accursed.

Delicate Man: [Myyy~ oh my, how should I put it… This might be, a small bit I didn’t gaze.]

Taritta: [ You ――]

The delicate man gazed at the collapsing castle and the flood of darkness, using his hands as a visor.

She suspected that this man, who seemed so unconcerned, could possibly be the cause of that abnormal event. But as if sensing Taritta’s doubt, he shrugged his shoulders and said,

Delicate Man: [Feels awkward to mention this immediately after I talked about a commandment, but that and I got nothing to do with each other. In the first place, that’s the Kingdom of Lugunica’s problem, isn’t it? That’s outside my responsibility.]

Taritta: [Outside your responsibility , the Kingdom of Lugunica…?]

Delicate Man: [Maybe that child isn’t aware they’re a Stargazer? If that’s the case, His Excellency’s made quite the daring gamble… Maybe he had no choice in the hand he was dealt?]

Taritta: [I don’t understand …! If you know something !]

Intending to intimidate him into answering, Taritta stepped in and grabbed the delicate man by the neck. She pressed the man’s slender frame against the wall, and placed the blade in her hand against his white neck.

If Taritta were to flick her wrist, a great deal of blood would gush immediately from the man’s neck.

The feel of the cold blade should have given the delicate man a sufficient foresight of his future.

Delicate Man: [Mayhaps my life or death’s got little to do with what’s going on…]

Taritta: [――Hk.]

Delicate Man: [I don’t think your side should be spending a lotta time here. I’m not gaziiing~ the stars, so it’s just a hunch on my part.]

And yet, the delicate man nonchalantly continued to stare into Taritta’s eyes, ignoring the feel of the blade.

The most discomfort she had ever felt towards this man was felt at this moment. Without any clear rationale that could be put into words, the urge to just cut off the man’s head flashed through her.

However, just before she surrendered herself to that violent impulse――,

Delicate Man: [――Killing me won’t make things better. It was the same last time around, no?]

――Those few words were enough to stop Taritta from actually ending it all with the knife she held in her hand.

Delicate Man: [Whoopsie!]

Taritta: [ Please , get out of my sight ! Right now …!]

Gritting her teeth, Taritta, still grabbing the delicate man by his nape, threw him onto the street.

The man managed to somehow roll using his long legs and break the fall, stroking his roughly handled neck with his hand, looking at Taritta’s face with a “You sure it’s fine?”.

Delicate Man: [You may be slitting your own throat here, literally… You may never have the opportunity to run into me like this again.]

Taritta: [ Then , that’s the best . Looking at your face , it’s like …]

Delicate Man: [――――]

Taritta: [It’s like , are you in the mood to make me face a nightmare I’ve had many times …!]

With a feeling like that of a curse, Taritta gave a swing of her hand as if to dismiss the delicate man.

The gesture caused the man to sigh, looking toward the collapsing castle in the distance,

Delicate Man: [Apparently, unlike me, you’ve got a task to do. Thaaat~ may be the trump card to suppress that shadow.]

Taritta: [ Me …? I have such power …]

Delicate Man: [――A commandment’s already been handed down. You know that, right, Disgrace of the Shudraq.]

Taritta: [――――]

Delicate Man: [You’re free to fulfill it or not. As someone who hasn’t received one, I don’t envy you for being able to follow the path, though.]

After saying so, the delicate man pulled the hood over his head and turned his back to Taritta, and started running.

Fast, but not fast enough. Although she could catch up with him if she wanted to, Taritta had no desire to chase him.

The fact that, deep down inside, she did not want to be involved with him anymore was true as well.

But the biggest reason of all were the words he had left behind at the end――,

Taritta: [――A commandment , has been handed down .]

She wished she had no idea of what he was talking about. But she did have an idea.

And that idea had been endlessly, endlessly plaguing Taritta over the past few days.

She did not want to worry before taking action.

She did not want to dwell on unfruitful anguish.

???: [Taritta-chan!]

Taritta: [――Hk, Medium?]

As Taritta was holding her shoulders tightly, casting her eyes downwards, a familiar voice called out to her.

Turning around in a jiffy, Taritta saw a little girl running toward her, waving her hand in her direction―― Medium, who had shrunk in stature, was coming toward her.

Medium: [I’m so glaaad~! We found Taritta-san safe and sound right away!]

Taritta: [Glad you’re safe and sound as well … are Abel and Subaru and the others safe ? Moreover , what in the world …]

With Medium rushing toward her, Taritta cast a flurry of questions at her.

She had not expected her to be alone and looking for Taritta. Of course, it would be odd if she and Olbart were still playing hide-and-seek during the collapse of the Crimson Lapis Castle, but it was not as if they had a break to discuss that.

At Taritta’s question, Medium gasped slightly,

Medium: [Abel-chin and Al-chin are safe! Subaru-chin and Louis-chan are missing! Also, we need to do something about the shadow that came out of that castle, so Taritta-chan, come as well!]

Taritta: [Subaru and Louis? And where do I …]

Medium: [From this moment on, we’re gonna stop that shadow with Yorna-chan! Taritta-chan’s power is also needed, that’s what Abel-chin said!]

Taritta: [――――]

Wide-eyed, Taritta could not help, but be amazed at what she was told.

At the edge of her field of vision, she saw a black shadow about to cause such an insane amount of damage that even Taritta, shaken by her interaction with the delicate man, was forced to recognize the reality of the situation.

Neither stopping that thing nor challenging it were conceivable in Taritta’s mind.

And on top of that, she had been told that Abel was calling for her now――,

Medium: [Taritta-chan, you’re not injured, right!? Can you still come? I’ll do my best, so can you do your best with me!?]

Taritta’s confusion was quickly dispelled by Medium’s unhesitating words.

Even if her stature had been reduced, the straightforward disposition she possessed suffered no reduction nor did it bend. As if guided by this, Taritta quietly nodded her head and said,

Taritta: [I, understand . ――We’ll head there right away .]

Medium: [Mhm! Thank you!]

Taritta felt a pang deep in her chest due to the Medium’s relief and her big nod.

Anguish had been tormenting Taritta for a long, limitless amount of time. Forgotten by the immersion in battle, this anguish asserted its existence in anticipation of the great battle, the time for a resolution approaching.

Taritta: [―― Commandment .]

Taritta also mumbled the words offered by the vanished delicate man, but only to herself.

Anguish seemed to bounce around in her chest, as if it relished being called by name.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Time returned to the moment when the Crimson Lapis Castle was destroyed in a great flood of darkness.

Yorna: [Chil――]

Louis: [Uau!!]

In the nick of time, she pulled back the girl named Louis who tried to leap forward without hesitation.

Just like that, following the appeal of every nerve in her body towards that instinctive threat, unaware that the roof tiles of the castle tower would burst, she performed a mighty leap backwards.

Trampled by the heel of thick-soled shoes, the impact received by the tiles propagated to the surrounding tiles, spreading destruction.

However, the fact that the roof tiles were being shattered in this way was far too trivial in the face of the events that immediately followed.

Yorna: [――――]

With a crash, the overflowing shadows, darkness, and deep blackness engulfed the keep, and the exploding roof tiles vanished.

――No, it was not only the keep that was swallowed.

Yorna’s eyes caught the sight of the Crimson Lapis Castle’s tower, plus its upper and middle levels, all being devoured by the deluge of darkness similar to a mud flow, disappearing from the world without a trace.

That was, a truly dark darkness which one must not be engulfed by.

A real darkness that could not be brightly illuminated, that allowed nothing to be saved once taken in, that obscured all hope by coating everything over and over with despair.

It could be judged instinctively. ――That, was something that should not be.

Louis: [Uu!]

Restraining the struggling girl in her embrace, Yorna’s eyes darted to the keep that was stained black.

The black-haired boy at the center of it and Olbart, who was touching the boy with his hand at the moment that the black shadow overflowed, were nowhere to be seen.

In that instant, she witnessed the arm Olbart had pulled back cease to exist.

That thing was so overwhelming that even Olbart, with his greed for life and keen sense for danger, could not avoid sacrificing his own arm.

Shortly after, she had given priority to leaping with Louis in her arms; because of that, whether Olbart was alive or not was unknown.

On one hand, she had believed that the monstrous old man would never die, while on the other hand, there was a cold voice within her mind, asking her if she could really have optimistic thoughts, looking at that jet-black thing.

Also, there was something aside from Olbart’s life or death that gave birth to a distortion in Yorna’s thoughts――,

Yorna: [Child…]

That would be the boy who seemed to be at the heart of the sable shadow that had swallowed Olbart’s arm, and his safety.

In Yorna’s opinion, the boy had no abilities particularly out of the ordinary. His situational awareness was excellent, he made no mistakes as to when he should play his cards.

If she were forced to say something about it, those had been the primary factors in netting him the win in the confrontation with Olbart. However, the praise went to his decisiveness, not to his superior ability.

So she had to say that there was no possibility that the boy could have escaped at that moment.

Albeit, that would only apply if the boy were a victim.

Yorna: [If this is the deed of that child…]

Would this perhaps mean that the boy was lurking somewhere in that vast blackness?

Yorna realized then, that she did not want to believe that this had been something done intentionally by the boy. Acknowledging this, there was a decision that had to be made.

That was the duty that she must perform as Lord of the Demon City, the position that she must bear, the object of love that she must choose――,

Yorna: [――Hk.]

Just as she thought this, a change was produced in the darkness, before Yorna’s eyes.

The shadow that had swallowed half of the Crimson Lapis Castle and was about to engulf the lower levels and walls of the castle in darkness, the portion of the shadow in control of the tower wriggled, extending “hands” towards Yorna and Louis in midair.

Yorna: [――――]

Stretching out were literally “hands”, which could not be compared to anything else.

Black hands stretched out towards Yorna and Louis, whom she was holding in her arms. The stunning aspect was that they numbered not one nor two, but ten or twenty or even more were extended at once.

The reason why the shadows stretching out did not have the idyllic calmness of silhouettes stretching longer and longer in the sunlight was that the arms, which should be devoid of expression, were overflowing with emotion.

The vast amount of shadows and black arms appealed to her with a single emotion, “hunger”.

It was not simply “hunger” in the sense of being hungry.

It was an unfathomable “hunger”, one that desired taking in just anything and everything possible.

Yorna: [Child, we’re going to swing about. Be careful not to bite your tongue!]

Louis: [Uh, au―― Hk.]

With the purpose of avoiding the growing shadow, Yorna made extraordinary maneuvers in midair.

She was unknowing of the nature of the shadows, and now that she had seen it doing damage to Olbart, she consciously established that touching it would be fatal, and so, she had no choice but to avoid it altogether.

Therefore, Yorna opened her eyes and, by pulling in the tiles that had burst out of their place due to her earlier leap and using them as her footholds, she created an escape route through the sky of the Demon City.

With a fluttering sound, Yorna’s figure soared high in the air, utilizing flying tiles as footing.

She attempted shooting a piece of tile into the shadow’s arm as to keep it in check, but, unable to pierce the shadow, it was engulfed into the part it was aimed at, disappearing into the void.

In accordance with the speculation that it should not be touched, Yorna followed the footholds to a higher altitude.

It would be best if the extending arms of the shadow were incapable of keeping up with the continuous ascent of Yorna’s tiles. Perhaps if the shadow’s range could be determined, it could be countered from there.

Although――,

Yorna: [It’s awfully aggravating constantly being on the defensive.]

She was not being chased around.

While it was also humiliating of course, it went without saying that the Crimson Lapis Castle would take the most damage.

Crimson lapis was a beautiful and, above all, rare precious stone.

The mere thought of building a castle with it was the very essence of absurdity. It was not because of Yorna’s wealth or power that the castle was built.

In the first place, it was not Yorna who had conceived the idea of building the Crimson Lapis Castle.

The ones to construct the castle of whirling red and blue, the Crimson Lapis Castle, had been the residents of the Demon City.

They decided that the castle of the ruler of the Demon City, Yorna, should not look shabby, so they each gathered precious stones and built that beautiful castle.

It was a rare, precious stone. It was difficult to handle, and one could not even imagine the amount of hardships that would go into building the castle. Same went for Yorna; she had never imagined such hardship.

Needless to say, Yorna watched the castle being built in its entirety.

Therefore――,

Yorna: [You have swallowed my love, you ruffian――!!]

Yorna extended her long, slender fingers toward the shadow that engulfed the castle.

Nothing emanated from them, nor was it a necessary action. She just wished to confront the shadow, to remind it that this was a manifestation of her anger.

――A moment later, a ferocious strike came out from within the huge shadow engulfing the Crimson Lapis Castle.

Yorna: [――――]

There was no way for Yorna to know whether the shadow had substance, much less intent.

However, Yorna was convinced that this had been a solid blow.

The shadow had swallowed the Crimson Lapis Castle―― everything that composed it, down to each stone that formed its walls, the product of the residents’ love for Yorna.

Why should she regard it as just a castle?

Why should she not love it?

The shock wave of the castle exploding from within the sable darkness drastically dampened its momentum.

As proof of this, every black arm hot on Yorna’s tails dissipated, and so, with nothing able to catch up to her, she fled into the air.

Even Louis, who was writhing in her arms, widened her eyes in shock at the violent explosion of Yorna’s love.

However, Yorna could not be pleased by the girl’s reaction, which could be alternatively described as admiration.

Yorna: [After all, a castle’s only a castle, and you may say it can be rebuilt. But…]

Louis: [Uu?]

Yorna: [No matter if I try to build a new castle, the castle I loved day after day was only this castle… Am I to think accursedly of my crumbling love, because my feelings weren’t enough?]

Looking down at the Crimson Lapis Castle, more than half of it swallowed by the shadow, no longer remaining in its original form, Yorna’s heart was struck with anguish.

But Yorna had no time to indulge herself in sentimentality.

Albeit the shadowy arms that pursued them may have disappeared, the great source of darkness was not gone.

To say nothing of――,

Yorna: [My fair skin tells me that the threat isn’t gone.]

The impact of the explosion of the Crimson Lapis Castle was so powerful that it could have demolished the entire castle by itself. Nevertheless, even though the momentum had been lessened by the impact, the oppressive feeling given off from the black darkness did not waver in the slightest.

If the shadow was alive and well, then, of course, so was the threat.

In other words, she had to construct or find a way to dispel that jet-black thing at any cost, while the condition that it couldn’t be touched remained the same.

???: [――Yorna-samaaa!]

As Yorna’s nerves sharpened, a voice coming, from afar, from the ground, struck her eardrums.

Taking a glance at it, Yorna saw that the ones who had called her were the residents of the Demon City, attempting to gather at the collapsed Castle. They had been caught up in the collapse of the Castle, attempting to assist the rescuing of the Castle’s soldiers, crawling out of the rubble.

From the perspective of the black shadow, they must have looked too much like coveted prey.

Yorna: [Everyone, run away――!]

Prompted by the signal of impending danger, Yorna called on the residents below to evacuate.

But she was far too high up in the sky to rush down towards them. The distance was too great, they were too far out of reach. And it was impossible to ask all of them to have the same sense of peril that Yorna had.

――As a result, Yorna could not do anything but powerlessly watch the shadows overflowing towards the residents who had gathered at the Castle out of concern for her, the Lord of the Demon City.

That――,

???: [――Do not think I will make it effortless for you!!]

The residents stood stock still as a black shadowy arm reached out to each one of them, and just before they were swallowed up into the eternal void, their bodies were snatched from the side.

Dark green thorned vines, from afar they reached the residents to do so.

The vines, which Yorna had also witnessed before, stretched with furious energy, faster than the shadows. They caught the inhabitants’ bodies with their prickles, allowing them to escape.

Even in the Demon City, in which beings possessing exotic physiology had assembled, Yorna could only think of one person able to pull that off.

???: [Kafma Irulux, by decree of His Excellency the Emperor, I am at your service――!]

A man from whose outstretched arms thorned vines grew, flapping transparent wings from his back―― Kafma Irulux, materialized at the center of the situation, causing Yorna to widen her eyes in surprise.

Not only was his peculiar appearance surprising, but it was also surprising that he had protected Yorna’s residents.

In the past, with the pretext of suppressing Yorna’s rebellion, Emperor Vincent had sent troops to gain full control of Chaosflame.

Kafma had been among those troops, and was one of those who had run rampant in Chaosflame.

So, for him to act to protect Yorna’s citizens was――,

Kafma: [No matter who you serve, you are equally a subject of the Empire.]

Yorna: [――――]

Kafma: [General First-Class Yorna! I know you and I have different ideas, but we must not let this stand! I will cooperate with you!]

Responding thus to Yorna’s watchful eyes, the flapping Kafma soared furiously through the air.

Dancing freely in the air, drawing the attention of the shadows capturing Crimson Lapis Castle to himself, Kafma seemed intent on making full use of his mobility and control to buy time.

The question was, however; what to do with the time he had bought?

Louis: [Uh! Aauu!]

Yorna: [Child?]

Louis: [Uh!]

Yorna pondered her choice of action immediately afterwards, and Louis, still held in her arms, went berserk again. But the way she raged was not as impulsive and violent as before.

The girl spun herself around in Yorna’s arms, pointing towards a spot on the ground while groaning.

Yorna looked at where Louis was pointing and guessed what she was trying to say.

And――,

Yorna: [General Second-Class Kafma, I’ll leave this place to you for a while.]

Kafma: [If that is what you need, understood!]

Yorna: [And…]

Kafma: [What is it?!]

Kafma, who wished to avoid the growing shadows by circling about, and concentrate on confronting the strong enemy, raised his voice slightly at Yorna’s words.

Yorna thought that it would be a mistake to fail to communicate this, even though she did not intend to hinder him,

Yorna: [For protecting my children earlier, I thank you.]

Kafma: [――. As a General, I did what I had to do!]

He was slightly puzzled by Yorna’s gratitude, however, Kafma replied with that.

Yorna changed her assessment of the man who returned to his role and bought the necessary time.

Although it did not change her impression that he was a hard-headed and inflexible person, if he carried through with those intentions of his, he truly was a virtuous person. If circumstances and conditions permitted, he would be one of the people she could love.

Although, Yorna’s number one position would not be overturned forever――.

Yorna: [We’re going to descend. Hold on tightly.]

Taking the tighter grip from Louis clinging onto her as a reply, Yorna travelled towards her destination utilizing the wreckage of the building, the overturned ground, and even masses of dirt, all floating in midair, as footholds.

Along the way, she instructed the residents, who appeared to wish further information, to, at any rate, distance themselves from the Crimson Lapis Castle―― or rather, from the former site of where the Castle once stood, while she herself was heading for the rooftops of a house away from the Castle.

There, waiting leisurely for Yorna’s arrival, was――,

Yorna: [Surely, I thought that His Excellency the Emperor would have come.]

???: [Hmm.]

Standing there majestically with arms folded was a dark-haired man, his face covered by an oni mask.

Once Yorna landed before the man’s eyes, Louis left her arms and ran up to him, as if she had been waiting for him.

Then, Louis grabbed the man’s arm and pointed towards the Castle, her long blonde hair bouncing about,

Louis: [Uau!]

Abel: [I understand it without you needing to tell everyone. After all, we had a disagreement regarding your treatment. You have quite some nerve, to show your face before me.]

Louis: [Uu! Uh!]

Abel: [Do you intend to obey me? If so, I shall add you to our numbers.]

The man responded to Louis’s complaint in a nonchalant manner as she tugged on his arm. Louis looked annoyed at his answer, but eventually released his arm as if there was no other way.

Even so, the reason why she had not just rushed out was probably because she had pondered it over just like a little girl would.

――She had to recover the boy who had been swallowed by that black shadow at any cost.

Abel: [Yorna Mishigure, you understand the state of affairs. This Great Disaster cannot be left unattended.]

Yorna: [I agree. As the ruler of the Demon City, there was no choice but to abandon that jet-black darkness that turns all to nothing with just a touch. To say nothing of the fact that it consumed my castle. ――Were you aware that something like that would happen?]

Abel: [I thought there was something going on. But what it was specifically, was outside of my estimation.]

Yorna: [――――]

Squinting, Yorna attempted to gauge the sincerity of the man in front of her.

But the man’s heart was hidden behind the oni mask, and she could not see through it even if she wanted to. Even if the mask had not been there however, it would have been impossible to peer into his heart.

A solitary existence that did not allow anyone to know his thoughts, heart, or intentions―― that was the way of the Seventy-Seventh Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

That was――,

Yorna: [――Your Excellency.]

Abel: [Do not call me that carelessly. Unless you desire me to tear up your hopes within the missive.]

Yorna: [Pardon my discourtesy… How in the world did you find out what I desired?]

Abel: [There was no certainty. Not until you returned my messengers safely.]

Hearing his answer, Yorna was both impressed and dismayed by the thinking of the man in front of her.

He was going to determine whether his thoughts were correct or not by utilizing her meeting with his messengers the previous day, checking whether his messengers returned safely from there or not.

In this respect, Yorna felt bitter that she had been dancing on the palm of his hand.

But more than that――,

Yorna: [Those child messengers should scold Your Excellency at least once.]

Abel: [That comes after all the matters are settled. Yorna Mishigure, follow my directives.]

Yorna: [――. If that’s what’s best for you, I have no choice but to comply.]

The man’s oppressive way of speech, however, caused a moment of hesitation and resistance.

Yorna had something to protect. The Demon City of Chaosflame and its inhabitants. All that was needed to protect it, was someone with the ability to handle this affair correctly.

Not in the meaning of ability to wage battle, but of ability to manage it.

Yorna also had her own pride in this power. But it would be wrong to use him as an object of comparison.

Who could compete in a bout of ability with a man who controlled and ruled the great Empire, the nation with the largest landmass?

Yorna: [So what are you going to do?]

Yorna asked, ready to take any measure to protect the Demon City.

Louis, who had lined up next to her before she knew it was also looking on in agreement with Yorna’s intentions.

Meeting the gaze of the two, of Yorna and Louis, the man―― Nay, the ruler of the Empire, nodded in assent.

And then――,

Abel: [――Abandon the city and beat a retreat. The Demon City has no choice but to permit that shadow to swallow it.]

Translation notes:

[1] The exact sequence of words here, “あまり殺すな”, has not been spoken previously. It might either be a case of Tappei doing a whoopsie or an actual plot point.

--- Chapter 56: The Great Disaster ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

TL Note: The wording here is not the same is used to refer to the Great Calamity of 400 years ago. The Great Calamity, caused by the Witch of Envy, is written as “ 大災厄 ”, while the title of this chapter (and later uses of the same expression) is written as “ 大災 ”. Hence the different localization. This localization was already utilized in one line in Chapter 55.

――Abandon the city and beat a retreat.

In response to the declaration of the man in the oni mask, Yorna’s cheeks stiffened and her gaze sharpened.

She had just now decided to respect the opinion of the man in front of her, because Yorna believed it was the best way to protect her domain, Chaosflame.

But contrary to Yorna’s resolution, the man spoke of the abandonment of the city,

Yorna: [I cannot possibly accept such an opinion.]

Abel: [Ho. Why is that?]

Yorna: [Is it not obvious? This is the Demon City of Chaosflame, the last place for those who have been pursued by the Empire and have no one to turn to, nowhere to go… To throw that away…]

Abel: [Is unacceptable, is it? ――Worthless sentimentality.]

Yorna: [――Hk, Vincent Vollachia…!]

Gritting her teeth and the coldhearted words spoken by the man crossing his arms, the ruler of the Empire, Yorna called out his name, accompanied by a stern gaze. In reply, the man touched the oni mask with his hand.

And once the black eyes, visible even through the oni mask, reflected Yorna,

Abel: [I go by the name of Abel now, so it is inappropriate to call me that. And if you are planning on begging benevolence from the Emperor, that would be quite thoughtless.]

Yorna: [――. The people of the Empire must be strong, is it?]

Abel: [Indeed.]

The Emperor―― or rather, the man who called himself Abel, proclaimed that that exactly was the way of the Empire.

The Emperor, the pinnacle of the Vollachian Empire, must be the embodiment of the iron-blooded code which the people of the Empire believed in, revered. Whether it was true or not, the Emperor had to affirm it.

With Abel’s assertion, Yorna admonished herself for wrongfully making a request.

Was Abel aware of the identity of that shadow to begin with? Of the titanic blackness that had engulfed Crimson Lapis Castle whole?

Was that why he had come to the callous decision to abandon the city?

Yorna: [Do you deem it so dangerous that we have to flee immediately? What in the world is that?] [1]

Abel: [――The Great Disaster.]

Yorna: [Great, Disaster…?]

What followed to Yorna’s spree of questions were a scant few hushed words.

However, running opposite to the quietness of his tone, the weight of the words he had spun was enough to stir bewilderment in Yorna. ――A large tragedy, it meant.

Yorna: [By “Great Disaster”, what exactly do you mean?]

Abel: [Something that endangers the existence of the Empire, and brings about ruin beyond even the reach of the sun’s light… That was what the Stargazer spoke of it. When I first heard it, I assessed it as an overstatement.]

Yorna: [――――]

Abel: [Looking at that thing, you will find that there was not the least bit of exaggeration in the expression used.]

Pointing at it with his chin, at the manifested darkness―― at the Great Disaster that brought about ruin, as Abel had named it.

Yorna could not help but feel some bitterness inside as the word “Stargazer” echoed, spoken by his mouth. The existence of the Stargazer was one of the Vollachian Empire’s evil practices.

At least, that was the only way Yorna could describe it.

To begin with, the genesis of Yorna’s strong, fervent wish was by no means unrelated to the Stargazer.

Anyway――,

Yorna: [So, will you take the Stargazer’s word for it and turn tail and run away? If so, that’d surely be an expression of gutlessness. I think you’re the embodiment of the Empire’s way of doing things… A very, very good example of it.]

Abel: [If you believe you are able to sway me with some cheap provocation, you would do better to correct that misconception post-haste. First of all, I was not the one who took the Stargazer’s words at face value, and perpetrated this outrage.]

Yorna: […I see that you also have some thoughts on what the Stargazer foretold.]

Abel: [Any owner of sound judgment would have no pleasant thoughts of it. But even if those are unnecessary and ignored, more shall follow. That is the troublesome thing about them. ――Hm.]

Louis: [Uu!]

As he spoke, Abel’s words were interrupted by the eager Louis’s growl.

She seemed to be reproaching Abel and Yorna for having a conversation not directly related to how the Great Disaster would be quelled.

That would be only natural. The Great Disaster had――,

Louis: [Uau!]

Abel: [――.Yorna Mishigure, I want to make sure of one thing.]

Yorna: […What, is it?]

Narrowing his eyes at Louis’s strong appeal, Abel pointed to the Great Disaster wriggling about wildly. Once he directed his question at her, Yorna narrowed her almond-shaped eyes.

She could roughly envision what words would follow, and what questions would be asked.

That was――,

Abel: [If you and this girl are together, there must be one more person, a black-haired child. Where has that one vanished to?]

Yorna: [――. If you mean that child…]

As she took a glance, Yorna’s gaze conveyed the answer to the question far more eloquently than words would.

Yorna’s line of sight turned towards the Great Disaster, to which Louis was franticly pointing at. The boy was present when the darkness that had swallowed up the Crimson Lapis Castle first poured out.

――No, from what Yorna had seen, the Great Disaster had apparently overflowed from within the boy.

Abel: [As I expected.]

In response to Yorna’s silent reply, Abel placed the last piece of the puzzle, in his mind.

It sounded like an ultimatum, and Yorna looked at Abel, calling out, “You…”. But at the call, Abel gave a slow sideways shake of his head. [2]

Abel: [Though our intentions have gone awry, there is no way around it. No point in obsessing over plans, if ultimately no results are obtained.]

Yorna: [So, that means?]

Abel: [The strategy is yet the same. Abandon the Demon City and beat a retreat. ――But damage shall still occur. We shan’t be able to avoid it wholly.]

Yorna: [――Hk, I can’t agree to someth…]

And, at the moment Yorna was about to tell him that she could not accept such a decision, something happened.

Louis: [Aa, uh!]

Abel: [Guh…!]

Letting out a cry of pain, Abel fell to his knees on the spot, clutching his stomach in his hands.

Faster than Yorna could close the distance between him and herself, Louis rushed into the gap, driving a palm strike into him with her short little arm.

She threw a glare at the one who had made a ruthless decision, Abel, and growled in her throat with a violent snort,

Louis: [Uau… Uau!]

Exclaiming this, she turned around and disappeared from sight in the blink of an eye.

It was the instantaneous teleport that she had displayed during the battle atop the castle tower against Olbart. Not being able to teleport long distances, Louis teleported repeatedly, returning once more to the battlefield dominated by the Great Disaster.

Far in the distance, Kafma was stalling the Great Disaster using the insects within his own body.

For Yorna, it was hard to believe that the girl possessed anything that could deal a decisive blow against the Great Disaster.

If she did, they would have tried to rescue that boy on their own, instead of relying on Abel. So she was without a trump card.

If there was such a thing as a trump card, it would be――,

Yorna: [――Wouldn’t it be possible to oppose it with the Flame of the Yang Sword?]

Abel: [――――]

Yorna: [You!]

Still clutching his stomach, Abel knelt on the roof of the building.

While she believed that Abel deserved the blow from Louis, Yorna also believed that Abel was the only one who held the key to overcoming the situation.

The Emperor of the Vollachian Empire was endowed with a truly Enchanted Sword, a sword counted as one of the Holy Swords.

With the Flame of the Yang Sword, even that Great Disaster’s existence would――,

Abel: [――I have no intention of drawing it out.]

However, Abel’s answer to Yorna’s appeal was not the one she had hoped for.

And Yorna could not consider that this answer was one a normal person would have given. Even if she was aware that the Great Disaster was an unusual occurrence, one that prompted a readiness to abandon the Demon City in him while deeming the thing as something of utmost danger.

Yorna: [But still, you won’t draw the Yang Sword… How could you possibly just let that be?]

Abel: [――――]

Yorna: [Answer me, Vincent Vollachia! If you are the… If you are the Emperor of this Empire, then there must be a role for you to carry out! If you are the Emperor, then…!]

Her vision grew red, and Yorna grabbed Abel by the collar as he was kneeling down, making him face her gaze.

During all that, the city governed by Yorna, Chaosflame, was in dire peril. To what extent could Kafma and Louis resist the Great Disaster? To what extent had the impact of the Crimson Lapis Castle’s explosion assisted in diminishing the power of the Great Disaster?

She did not understand anything. What she did understand was that she could not leave things as they were.

At this rate, Yorna’s vow, her desire, would go unfulfilled.

For that, no matter what, whatever the cost, she required the cooperation of the man in front of her.

Yorna: [If you are the Emperor of the Vollachian Empire…]

Abel: […I shall not utilize the Yang Sword.]

Yorna: [――Hk, you…]

By displaying her sharp canine teeth, Yorna attempted to intimidate Abel, stubbornly refusing to change his opinion.

Rarely would she make a gesture as crude as showing the fangs in her mouth. However, if such was her wish, these fangs of hers could easily tear the slender neck of the man in front of her to scraps.

But such threats were routine for the man in front of her, Abel.

The Emperor of the Vollachian Empire was an entity holding a position in which he was constantly confronted with the unceasing murderous intent and hostility of those around him. It was for this reason that the man held that sort of position――,

Yorna: [If you are the Vollachian Empire’s…]

Abel: [――When shall you understand, Yorna Mishigure?]

Yorna: [――Hk.]

Abel: [The Emperor of the current generation, Vincent Vollachia, differs from the Emperor you envision. I am not obligated to perform the likes of acting according to your desires and ideals.]

Faced with his stance, clearly severed from her own, Yorna let leak a small sigh.

Finally, her hand parted from the neck of the man it had grasped, and she took a single unhurried step backward. Stepping back, Yorna gnashed her teeth as she fixed her gaze on Abel, holding his own neck.

She understood it, without being told so.

With or without the oni mask, the man before her eyes did not bear the slightest resemblance to the man Yorna envisioned. Even if the blood of Yorna’s beloved ran through his veins.

Yorna: […I cannot accept your words.]

Abel: [If you do not abandon the Demon City, you shall lose everything else as well.]

Yorna: [This Demon City right now is my everything!]

Yorna answered with open arms, pulling out the kiseru she had inserted into her bosom and lit its tip. Immediately after, she sucked the smoke from the kiseru with all her might, before blowing it into the sky.

The purple smoke spreading out formed a massive, humongous cloud which headed for the outskirts of the battlefield in which the Great Disaster was stirring―― over the heads of the people of the Demon City, many of whom were terrified at the sight of that menace.

Following that, the puff of purple smoke slowly dissipated and fell down upon each of the residents―― upon each of her children, purple smoke settling within their hands.

Yorna: [――Love me.]

Yorna’s murmur was so faint that only Abel, present in the same place, could hear it.

However, Yorna’s will was understood by all those who held the purple smoke that had descended upon them. Therefore, although her voice did not reach them, they collectively tossed the purple smoke into their open mouths.

Yorna: [――Be loved by me.]

Yorna’s continued words, her mutterings did not serve anyone or anything.

If anything, the words were surely an indulgence offered to Yorna, by Yorna herself. It was a necessary ritual, an invocation, for the sake of pushing herself forward.

Those whom Yorna’s purple smoke reached, those who ingested it, slowly, unhurriedly raised their gazes. ――And, within one of the eyes of each one of them, a flame alighteth.

Those loved by Yorna, those who loved Yorna; their souls commenced blazing, looking up towards the Great Disaster.

Without a doubt, this was a communion of souls―― the power of the Soul Marriage Technique completely enveloped the Demon City.

Yorna: [This city, the city of Chaosflame won’t be lost. ――I wish that you all, alongside me, get that ill-mannered guest of ours to return from where it came.]

While adopting a stance, Yorna swung her kiseru in front of her.

What could be heard from all around and throughout the city, was the earth rumbling. Fiercely and fearfully, the noise of innumerable shoes resounded, of innumerable footsteps, of innumerable breaths, and of innumerable wills to fight.

In accordance with the loving call of the leader of the Demon City, the converging loved ones advanced.

Witnessing them, Yorna bent her knees slightly, then leapt high into the air.

The destination of this leap, that which awaited her, was the shadow of disaster, filled with great darkness.

As the one repelling all things that threatened the Demon City――,

Yorna: [――I, Yorna Mishigure, the Flamboyant, will serve as your opponent.]

△▼△▼△▼△

As the sound of the earth rumbling echoed, there was a furious war cry, akin to the entire city clamoring.

With the world dominated by those, Abel dropped the hand from his neck, as he observed the battlefield.

Abel: [――――]

Performing a reckless charge during her shout, Yorna easily manipulated the wreckage of the cityscape and the Crimson Lapis Castle alike, hammering a fierce attack on the Great Disaster.

Using a building to strike at something of ambiguous nature could be called quite the unorthodox attack; yet, due to that nature, the jet-black darkness nevertheless expanded itself―― what effect the attack had borne on the Great Disaster remained unclear.

Had it been effective to some degree, or had it been wholly meaningless?

Abel: [――It sure shall not be wholly meaningless.]

It was not that he was moved by Yorna’s reckless assault, but, for certain, the enemy was not one that would be completely immune to such an attack, as was noticeable from how it stopped taking action as often.

Crimson Lapis Castle had been engulfed by the Great Disaster as of the latter’s appearance; in spite of her attachment to this castle that had served as her long-time abode, Yorna had performed an attack by transforming it into a destructive force, certainly slowing the momentum of the Great Disaster.

If not for that, the Great Disaster would have continued to grow at its initial pace, and swallowed the Demon City whole, and in that manner, stretched its abyss to the entire Empire.

――However, the collapse of the Empire had only been delayed. If left in this current state, it was inescapable.

Abel: [That is the most detestable part about it.]

Grinding his molars, Abel recalled the details of the man who had foreseen the Great Disaster.

A convenient being who had foreseen the coming threat, yet refused to be asked for more. Or should he call said being, a pawn of the Observers?

In any event, his resentment of that person did not help him here. If he had to, it was perhaps worth pondering about that individual as one in a similar position.

Abel: [――Natsuki Subaru, you are…]

With his focus on the Great Disaster that continued writhing about, muttering, Abel mentioned the name he had been avoiding.

And at that moment.

???: [Abel-chin! We’re back!]

Abel: [――――]

Amidst all the noise that was not unlikely to be swallowed by the rumbling and bellowing of the earth, a high-pitched voice firmly reached Abel’s ears.

Turning his head back, the owner of the voice fell from the sky. Landing behind Abel with a light thud, was a girl waving her hand, and a brown-skinned woman holding her.

Abel: [You have returned, Medium, Taritta.]

Medium: [Somehow! Isn’t this situation different from what you talked about before, Abel-chin? Where’s Yorna-chan?]

Abel: [――. Over there.]

Freed from Taritta’s arms, Medium directed a question at Abel as she descended onto the rooftop, to which Abel cocked his chin. Ahead of them, skipping about in midair, Yorna attacked the Great Disaster with physical strikes repeatedly by freely manipulating buildings.

In addition, Yorna was assisted in her challenge against the Great Disaster by another, by Kafma, who likewise had the means of using long-ranged attacks.

However, since Kafma’s thorn vines were also “insects” raised inside his body, it was not a good idea to let them be swallowed up by the inexhaustible Great Disaster.

In addition, the residents of Chaosflame had assembled, each of them dismantling the buildings in their environs, then attacking by having several people throw chunks of buildings like cannonballs into the Great Disaster.

In the past, at the time Yorna had raised the banner of revolt against the Imperial Capital, the very city itself had been wielded as a weapon. A fearsome collective tactic that had caused great distress to the Imperial Soldiers to gain total control of the city.

However, it was unclear whether that tactic, which had been effective against a group of hostiles, would be effective against a Great Disaster whose strength was unfathomable.

To begin with, he could see from a distance――,

Taritta: [The Great Disaster , is it getting bigger …?]

Medium: [That thing, we can’t leave it be!? Abel-chin, what should we do?]

As they witnessed the Great Disaster spread slowly but surely, Medium and Taritta requested for Abel’s decision.

Originally, the goal was to withdraw and abandon the Demon City with Yorna’s assistance, but that would go unfilled due to Yorna’s obsession with the Demon City.

In that case, the tide would change depending on what Vincent did. ――No,

Abel: [――Or, before that, can you change the situation, Taritta?]

Taritta: [Eh…?]

With Abel having mentioned her by name in his question, Taritta opened her narrow eyes in surprise, at a loss for words.

However, that surprise was not because she had no clue as to what he was talking about, but rather because she had not expected that to be told to her at this time.

In other words, she had an idea of what Abel had just pointed out.

Medium: [T-the way you said that was kinda strange, wasn’t it? What do you mean?]

Abel: [It concerns you not. Taritta, what did you call that thing?]

Taritta: [W-what are you talking about …]

Abel: [――The Great Disaster, that is what you called it. Where did you obtain knowledge of that name?]

To Abel’s pressing words, Taritta gasped.

The exchange between the two of them left the dumbfounded Medium wide-eyed, letting out a “ Grate Disastur …?”, as that was a term unfamiliar to her. [3]

But Medium’s response was natural.

Laying eyes upon the existence of an unknown being such as that, and calling it a “Great Disaster”, did not mesh well. Only those who knew of its existence could rightfully call it the Great Disaster.

In other words――,

Abel: [Have the stars taught you how to escape annihilation?]

Taritta: [――Hk! W-wait a moment , I …!]

Abel: [――――]

Taritta: [ I …]

Taritta advanced a single step, putting a hand over her chest, yet words beyond those got stuck.

Her face was pale, her eyes began moving frantically; Taritta’s appearance became an unusual one for her, and Medium rushed to stand beside her, to support her body with a “Taritta-chan!”.

However, Taritta did not have the luxury to respond to Medium’s compassion.

Perhaps she had believed she could hide it all along. She had believed that, just maybe, she could have remained silent forevermore.

Abel: [Fool.]

There was no such thing as a well-kept secret or an unexposed truth.

At the very least, if no effort was made whatsoever to cover up that secret or truth, the day when it would be revealed would surely come. All one could do, was to delay the inevitable.

Or perhaps, it could be delayed till death; the way she perceived it, she could keep it as a secret as long as she remained in the world of the living.

Abel: [Taritta, if you do know about the Great Disaster, do you regret it?]

Medium: [Regret? Regret what… Abel-chin! What are you talking about!? What’s Taritta-chan…]

Abel: [Is it not obvious. ――I am speaking of how, back in that forest, you failed to kill me with an arrow.]

Taritta: [――――]

Aghast, all color now drained from Taritta’s face, the light in her eyes wavering feebly.

Looking straight into her two eyes, Abel paused, let out a sigh, and continued.

Abel: [Or, shall you respond to that commandment above from this moment on, hunter of the jungle. No, should I instead approach you in this manner?]

Taritta: [――――]

Abel: [The one who has inherited the commandment to prevent the Great Disaster, the one to become the new Stargazer.]

△▼△▼△▼△

The tempestuous rumbling of the earth, the reverberation of howls, it was as if they were clamoring for the end of the world.

???: [Uh, uhh, uhhh… Hk!]

If he were to try holding his head and covering his ears, he would be unable to do so.

It was the curse of possessing only a sole arm. He was unable to use both his hands to cover his own ears, as to completely dissociate his consciousness from this end of the world.

Putting his right ear against his lifted shoulder, he stuck the fingers of his outstretched hand into his left ear, attempting to counter with an inadequate earplug. It was impossible.

The ground trembled. The air was terrified. The world was dying.

All of them were symbolic of the horror that was eating away at Al and robbing his whole body of strength.

Al: [Why… Why, here… Hk!]

His voice trailed off, as he cursed and cursed all the despairing events that had taken place until this moment.

Of course, such cursing meant naught. Because that was no curse at all. He was merely being a poor loser, doing nothing more than comforting himself after the game was over, saying that it would have been better to do it like this or like that.

He was prepared for this to happen, or so he had believed.

――No, he did not. He had never been prepared for it. He had just averted his eyes from it, pretending to be optimistic that it would not come to pass, even when the possibility crossed his mind.

The danger that this would happen, as long as he was working with Natsuki Subaru, was plenty. Not just a little, but more than enough.

Rather, this situation would not have occurred had he acted alongside anyone besides Natsuki Subaru.

Even so, it could not be helped. Because he could not leave him alone. There was no way he could have left him alone. Back then, Natsuki Subaru should not have given in.

As a result of that, because it was necessary, was why he himself――,

???: [――Mymy, I was wonderin’ who was cryin’, turns out it’s ya.]

Al: [――Hk!?]

???: [Kakakakka! Look at how ya jumped just now! Ya were like a caterpillar, so funny, so darn funny!]

Hearing a sudden voice in the middle of the room, he jolted his body in a panic and turned his head.

Witnessing his overwhelmingly uncouth appearance, the other party clapped their hands―― Nay, stomped their feet, as they let out a burst of laughter.

Unfortunately, clapping their hands was apparently not something the other person was likely to ever do again.

Because――,

???: [Geez, the right hand that’s been with me for more than ninety years went on ahead without me. I’m screwed. How am I ever gonna make ration balls from now on? Kakakakka!]

Having said that, a cheerfully laughing, monstruous old man―― Olbart Dunkelkenn, was waving, showing his right hand which had vanished from the wrist down.

Translation notes:

[1] Yorna usually employs “主さん” as a second-person pronoun, which has been translated as a simple “you”, however, from this point onwards, she always uses just “主” (removing the “san” honorific) to refer to Abel. The implication is that she sees differently from others, possibly to signify that she has recognized him as the Emperor.

[2] The nuance usually conveyed with “You…” or “You!” is usually one of anger, but you should picture these lines as using Abel’s name, rather than that. The only reason we have not used that is because it feels awfully tone-deaf as to the relationship between Yorna and Abel.

[3] The change here is to represent Medium “misspelling” it. “Great Disaster” is usually written as “大災”, whereas Medium here is using the Katakana spelling, “タイサイ”, to signify that she’s slightly mispronouncing it.

--- Chapter 57: I Can’t Live Wiser ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――He was within a bleak, dark space.

Swaying. Wandering. Being tossed about. Being violated.

It was as if his four limbs, along with everything from his neck up, had been separated from his torso, each of those parts at different places, floating, drifting, rocking, being fiddled with.

His memory was terribly hazy as to what had happened and what was occurring.

Everywhere was pitch-black, leaving him to wonder as to why he had been thrown into such a completely empty space.

――.

――――.

――――――――.

――――――――――.

Nothing, came to mind.

There was no possible reason for him to be trapped in a place such as this, his head and limbs detached, and floating aimlessly.

If that were the case, there would be no pretext as to why he had to be in a place like this, in the first place.

???: [――I love you.]

Every time a thought of the sort flashed across his mind, a faint voice that restrained him from thinking reached his ears.

The voice was hard to hear, be it because it was faint, or simply because it was distant. But it was an impassioned voice that instinctively made him want to listen carefully to it, to lean his head in that direction so that he could hear it.

???: [――I love you. I love you. I love you.]

Every time he heard that voice, the thoughts he’d had till that moment would be reset, returned to zero.

The matter of which option was correct, of whether it should be called bothersome or unavoidable, was unclear.

However, with that being repeated over and over again, a novel issue came into being. Could somehow something be done about the distance of that audible voice?

???: [――I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.]

As if to interrupt even that notion, the lines from that faint, pleading voice increased.

That was counterproductive, however. Since desiring to hear that voice, to be with the owner of that voice, was the pretext for the birth of that thought, for him to attempt to reach one, starting from zero.

Henceforth――,

???: [Someone…]

With his limbs and head detached from his torso, he was unable to move, unable to do anything himself.

Ergo, he would prefer to rely on the help of those around him, those who would seemingly be able to do something about this situation.

Did someone, anyone, who could help him exist?

Someone who could be capable of lending him a hand, even in such a hopeless situation.

Was there someone who had treated him well?

If that someone arrived alongside him, surely, so would the solution.

――Based on that, for the sake of reaching the voice reverberating from so far away, he would extend his hand.

△▼△▼△▼△

Al: [――Hk.]

Olbart: [Oh? That was quite the spirited blow just now.]

That instant, a large and potent roar echoed through the air, the tremors travelling across the ground and reaching the two men in the travelling inn.

Outside the window, a huge black shadow ran rampant, slowly eroding the Demon City from its center outwards, taking it into itself, digesting it, turning it into something not of this world.

It was, with certainty, the worst nightmare dreaded by every being in the world.

Reminding everyone of exactly that at a single glance, it was an embodiment of the end.

And the one to comprehend the horror brought about by the end of life, with their own skin―― Or rather, to know it with their soul, more so than anyone else, was Al.

Abel and Medium, among others, were currently on the move to defuse the situation.

Instead of joining them, he was crouching here, holding his shaking head in his hand, in this predicament. How on earth could he have said that he would follow them and help them?

Al: [I’m… I, am…]

Had he followed them only to fully realize how powerless he was?

That being the case, for what reason was he, in the first place, doing――?

Olbart: [Good grief, here I am, hurryin’ my ass back, and all I find here’s just one young’un scared shitless on the ground? Well, it’d be a problem if His Excellency were here as well.]

Al: [――――]

Olbart: [But Kafma’s fightin’ that thing, isn’t he? Does that mean that His Excellency ordered him to do it, and has no intention of runnin’ away? Do ya know?]

Having spoken so, Olbart walked up to him, sending a question his way.

The small old man cracked the bones in his neck and bent down to look into Al’s face, the latter crouching down. His brain, numbed by fear, barely assimilated the contents of that question.

Vincent, the absent false Emperor, had reached some kind of agreement with Abel, and――,

Al: [H-he’s with a lil’ miss called Tanza…]

Olbart: [Tanza, you mean that deergirl? I dunno what he’s thinkin’, at this point… His Excellency’s a lil’ short on words, ya know. Would be nice if he’d left a note ‘bout what he’s gonna do.]

Al: [Y-you’re…]

Olbart: [Yeah?]

Olbart’s expression formed a frown as he stood up, hearing Al speak. Not wanting to let that monstrous old man distance himself even a bit, Al used his trembling tongue and throat to compose his words.

Olbart had returned to this place, but what would he do after this?

Al: [You’re gonna fight that thing, aren’t you?]

Olbart: [Oioi, don’t be stupid.]

Al: [Huh…]

Al was stunned by Olbart answering as if he had nothing to do with the situation.

Then, as Al stared on, stock-still in front him, Olbart pointed out the window.

Olbart: [Nah, got it at first glance. That thing’s pretty darn bad. I’ve got my right hand taken away, too, so I don’t wanna do anythin’ so dangerous.]

Al: [――――]

Olbart: [The reason I came back here’s that I gotta get His Excellency out if he’s stayin’ here without a care. If he’s not here, we need ta find him and get him outta there… Do you happen to know where His Excellency went with that deergirl…?]

Asked by the ever-aloof Olbart, Al simply denied it with a shake of his head.

It was not a lie, but a fact. Most of the exchanges between Abel and the others that had taken place at travelers’ inn after that black shadow engulfed and flooded the Crimson Lapis Castle did not remain in his memory.

With some difficulty, he only remembered that Kafma had flown out as ordered, and that Vincent had left accompanied by Tanza. And that afterwards, Abel had left an useless Al behind, with Medium concerned about Al until the end. That was all.

Olbart: [We’re in serious trouble then, if so. Looks like this town’s bunch’ve been motivated by the foxgirl’s command, and it’s gettin’ harder and harder ta find His Excellency… I don’t wanna stay at this absolute cock-up for too long.]

Al: [――Hk, w-what do you mean by that? No way, you’re running away?]

As he felt his train of thought reaching an unbelievable conclusion, Al’s voice cracked.

Faced with Al’s astonished look, Olbart shrugged his shoulders and voiced, calmly, “What else can I do?”.

Olbart: [Don’t feel I can do anythin’ ‘bout that thing. What’s important to me’s my life and my dream. I don’t see any reason to stay.]

Al: [T-the Emperor! You gotta protect the Emperor, old man…]

Olbart: [The fact that His Excellency’s thinkin’ and actin’ on his own means he’s doin’ what’s best for himself. If he thinks he’s got my help here, he doesn’t get me either. That’s why him bein’ called the Wise Emperor’s also a cryin’ shame.]

Al: [Oh…]

Olbart: [Here’s some advice for ya, ya better run away too. Ya won’t get anythin’ by riskin’ yer life here. Meanin’, the one who lives wiser wins.]

Olbart’s philosophy, something that blended the deadly Vollachia-style iron-blooded code with the fact that his life as a shinobi had been long, was bloody and rock-solid.

This was something that could not be changed, no matter what an outsider such as Al said. ――No, most likely, Olbart’s thinking could not be challenged by anyone other than Olbart.

No one should allow others to dictate and distort one’s life.

For that reason, this man, Olbart Dunkelkenn, reigned as the strongest shinobi. He was a shinobi who had been perfected with him not holding anything as precious, or having anyone to whom he devoted his heart.

No emphasis had been placed on the title of General, on the position of shinobi head-honcho, or on the sense of duty to protect the Emperor.

Not freedom. But lawlessness. ――The world’s greatest “outlaw”, those were his true colors.

That idea would not budge. It could not be swayed. Not by anyone.

Then, having a back-and-forth regarding his ideology here would yield naught.

Al: [――――]

Strongly, firmly grating his molars together, Al lowered the arm he had been pressing against his ear.

The audible booming roars and rumblings of the earth, the cries of the residents of Demon City as they confronted the black shadow, echoed like the scene was a depiction of hell on earth, shaking Al’s heart.

His heart, was about to fracture. His mind, was about to shatter. His soul, was close to dispersing.

But I haven’t. I haven’t yet. If they haven’t.

Al: […Old man, lemme ask you one thing.]

Olbart: [――? What is it?]

Al: [That… That black mass of shadows’s got something to do with bro, doesn’t it?]

Gritting his teeth to the point of tasting blood, Al assembled words, hiding the trembling in his voice for only a moment.

Al’s deathly resolve―― as that was concealed behind the cloth mask, Olbart perhaps understood so from the expression of the former’s eyes, gone unseen, and from his tone. Bringing his left hand to his own goatee, he spoke,

Olbart: [Oh, right. To me, it looked like the shadows came out of the boy.]

Al: [――――]

Olbart: [After hearing that, have ya decided what you’re gonna do?]

Closing his eyes, Al masticated what Olbart had just told him.

It was something he already knew. Natsuki Subaru was beneath that black shadow. ――No, Natsuki Subaru was at the center of everything.

If so, in that case, Al had to raise his face with the resolve of having his molars broken.

If Natsuki Subaru was there, Aldebaran needed to follow him.

Al: [You told me to live wiser, old man.]

Olbart: [Yeah, right. That’s what I believe.]

Al: [But I don’t agree with it. Old man, your way of life ain’t a wise one, it’s a cunning one. ――I don’t wanna be a cunning adult.]

Boom , a powerful noise was heard.

Not from outside, but originating from right beside Al. He had slammed his own fist into the floor, the pain and momentum of the slam raising his body. He rested his uplifted body against the wall, having somehow managed to stand up.

Knees trembling, heart frightened, spiritually wounded all over, even though he had not even fought, and yet――.

Al: [This ain’t the time to sit around… Won’t be able to look my parents in the face if I do that, will I…!]

Standing up with his hand on the wall, Al bared his teeth inside his mask.

Hearing of his dogged determination amidst blood-curdling cries, Olbart raised a long, bushy eyebrow. Sending a sharp look out the window, closing one eye to Al’s howling back,

Olbart: [Yer enthusiasm’s good and all, but ya really think we got a chance ta win against that thing?]

Al: [No fucking way! No one can win against that! Even if I tried ten-thousand times, I couldn’t win! Winning against that thing… Only Natsuki Subaru can do that!]

With a large swing of his arm, Al turned around with a bang on the windowsill.

Looking at the monstrous old man directly in the face, Al stepped forward, both his eyes blazing in a conflagration,

Al: [Old man!]

Olbart: [Whoawhoa, you’re gettin’ fired up. I’m just gonna tell ya, if ya want me ta lend ya a hand, I gotta refuse…]

Al: [I don’t want it! Instead, just turn me back, ya shitty geezer.]

Olbart: [――――]

Al: [If you want time to run away, then I’ll make some. So give me my Authority back!]

Stretching his stubby right hand straight out, Al bellowed that towards Olbart.

Olbart’s breath caught in his throat as he heard Al’s cry, a mixture of a bestial roar, of a mournful lament, and of a fiery sense of purpose.

Then, giving a slow sideways shake of his head, the monstrous old man,

Olbart: [Well, if you’re gonna go ta the trouble of playin’ the martyr, I can’t argue with’cha. The boy won the game in the first place, so I gotta keep my promise.]

Al: [Bro, won?]

Olbart: [That’s right. That boy actually caught me in a game of tag. It was a real big deal, in my opinion.]

As Olbart said this, Al went out to meet him face-to-face, Olbart greeting him with a wave of his left arm.

Having heard what Olbart had to say, Al felt a single note of relief and admiration ring out over his pulse ticking like a bomb.

At a time when even the sound of the wind caused Al to stiffen in fright, Subaru had carried out his task, going head-to-head with Olbart, and managing to ultimately pull off a win against him.

Surely, having accumulated defeats that could not have happened merely once――,

Olbart: [Tho’, I just wanna hear one thing outta curiosity.]

Suddenly, a hoarse voice interrupted the beating of Al’s heart, and he looked at the other man silently.

Displaying his teeth, Olbart smiled towards the unwelcome look in the other person’s eyes, as he gently placed his outstretched left hand on Al’s chest.

And then――,

Olbart: [How do ya intend ta challenge an enemy ya can’t win against even if ya try ten-thousand times?]

Al: [Pipe down, you shitty geezer. ――I’ll go and die, even if it’s a million times.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Abel: [The one who has inherited the commandment to prevent the Great Disaster, the one to become the new Stargazer.]

The moment this was pointed out, Taritta’s world was rocked, dramatically so.

The Great Disaster’s rampage was causing the Demon City to shake, earthquake-like roars could be heard without end. But the reason for the illusion of collapse beneath her feet was not that.

It was what the oni-masked man in front of her―― what Abel had pointed out which gouged her heart of hearts.

Medium: [Star, gazer…?]

Standing by Taritta’s side as to gently support her unsteady body, Medium muttered that unfamiliar term as if to confirm what it was.

It was a term unknown to her, and one she did not need to know.

In reality, had Taritta continued to live peacefully within her hometown in the forest as a simple member of the People of Shudraq, she would have never had any need to associate with it, even.

But――,

Taritta: [ I …]

Medium: [Abel-chin! I have no clue what’s going on! What are you talking about!?]

On behalf of Taritta, her voice quivering, Medium lashed out at Abel.

She had been shrunk yet she remained steadfast nevertheless, her thin chest puffed out as if to protect Taritta, as she glared straight at Abel.

Medium: [What’s that Stargazer thing you’re talking about? Why is Taritta-chan becoming that?]

Abel: [――. A Stargazer is one who has taken on the role of foreseeing the future based on the alignment of the stars and their guidance. No, calling it a predestination, rather than a role, would be more accurate.]

Medium: […Are you putting it in such complicated words on purpose?]

Abel: [That is not my intent.]

Abel, hearing Medium’s words as she frowned and struggled to understand, gave a small sigh.

After that, putting Medium aside, Abel called out to Taritta once more using her name, “Taritta”. Her shoulders hitched involuntarily; Abel, looking directly at her, spoke,

Abel: [The reason why I was ousted from the Imperial Capital in the first place is closely related to the Stargazers. Taritta, you should be aware of that matter, right?]

Taritta: [B-by the matter , you mean …]

Abel: [Of course, that the ruin of the Empire was foreseen. You knew that. ――That is why you wished to murder me in the Buddheim Jungle.]

Taritta: [――Hk.]

Taritta’s cheeks tensed up, and she lowered her head due to Abel’s matter-of-fact statement, crossing his arms.

The shock of being called a Stargazer nearly overshadowed the fact that Abel had pointed out something that could not possibly be overlooked.

He had stated it with certainty. ――Taritta was the hunter of the jungle.

Did she regret missing her opportunity to shoot him down?

When put into words――,

Taritta: [Since when …]

Abel: [――――]

Taritta: [Since when have you known I was after you …?]

Medium: [Taritta-chan!?]

Face turned downwards, Taritta raised this question without being able to look Abel in the eye.

Hearing Taritta’s words, a voice of utter shock leaked out of Medium. Of course it did. From hearing her question, it was evident that she had no margin to deny Abel’s pressure.

It was a confession of the truth. Taritta had attempted to kill Abel with her archery.

Abel: [The Stargazers’ foreknowledge… Commandments are, for the most part, shared among fellow Stargazers. It was to be expected that my pursuers would come at me after I escaped the Imperial Capital, aware of that commandment. In addition…]

Taritta: [In addition ?]

Abel: [That I would rely on the People of Shudraq, based on knowledge of the throne’s mechanism, could be conjectured. In all probability, there is an assassin amidst the Shudraq.]

Taritta: [――――]

Abel: [I only obtained definite proof of the assassin’s existence, however, when you targeted Natsuki Subaru, mistaking him for me.]

Hearing Abel’s line of reasoning, Taritta grasped the hem of her clothes tightly.

That was true. Taritta, living in one end of the Empire, possessed no way of knowing the countenance of the Emperor of Vollachia. All she knew was that black hair and black eyes were characteristics of his outward appearance.

Never would she have thought that multiple owners of such unusual features would appear in the forest on that day, at the same time.

Abel: [Your reaction to seeing the two of us, me and that one, trapped in the village’s cage, was remarkable… For a pawn of the Observers, your nature is a far too honest one.]

Taritta: [―― Ah .]

Abel: [You accompanied me in both the capture of Guaral and the journey to the Demon City that followed, but you were not at all willing to follow the commandment. Why is that?]

Taritta: [――――]

Abel: [Why do you refuse to obey that commandment? From what I have heard, a Stargazer’s predestination is not something one can resist even if they are aware of it. I do not believe you have the will to resist that predestination.]

Had she that sort of strong will, of self-discipline, Taritta would not have accompanied them on this journey in the first place.

Abel’s judgment was harsh, but correct. Correct enough to draw blood.

Taritta did not possess the strength to abandon her own commandment.

If that were possible, she would have abandoned a burden of the sort much, much sooner.

For certain she knew that, if she did not obey that commandment, the Great Disaster would destroy the Empire――.

Medium: [――Oh my gosh! I don’t get it at all!]

Taritta carried on in anguish, while Abel continued on in pursuit.

Sandwiched between the two, and yet kept out of the loop, Medium exploded. She glared at Abel with her blue eyes, spreading both her arms in order to shield Taritta behind her back.

Medium: [I don’t know anything about Abel-chin being targeted, or that it was Taritta-chan who targeted Abel-chin! First of all, if Taritta’d have had her mind set on it, Abel-chin would’ve been killed by now! Right?]

Abel: [You, learn to watch your tongue.]

Medium: [Right! Abel-chin, can you run away from Taritta-chan?]

The shape of Abel’s mouth took contours of loathing after Medium spoke her words filled with vigor.

He could not deny her words. But doubts on this front had been posed to Taritta by Abel, already.

In other words, just as Medium had stated, she could have done it if she wanted to, so why hadn’t she?

That was――,

Taritta: [… Because , I couldn’t find , a meaning to it .]

Abel: [――. What reason do you require, beyond saving the Empire from ruin?]

Taritta: [ I! I didn’t even know that you were the Emperor , or how you were chased out of the Imperial Capital…… .! That’s because , to me , to me, as a Stargazer, I am ――]

The anguish that had been locked away at the back of her chest for so long finally began to overflow with the opening of her mouth.

And what had unleashed the anguish she had been unsure of how to put into words for a long time, had been none other than Abel’s hounding.

But before she could clearly put it into words――.

Medium: [――Nooo!]

A wide-eyed Medium exclaimed, and Taritta and Abel’s attention quickly shifted upward.

Right above, black darkness covered the building directly above where the three stood―― No, that was not it. It was not just sable darkness spreading, but rather a huge black arm.

Endowed with five fingers, it stretched itself upright, then swung down on the building from directly above.

As if attempting to smash the three people present at this place―― No, as if attempting to grab them with its huge hand.

Taritta: [――Hk, Medium! Abel!]

The moment she witnessed its approach, all extraneous thoughts disappeared from Taritta’s mind.

The scene of verbal assault from just before vanished into thin air; Taritta moved as her instincts dictated, embracing Medium in front of her, carrying Abel on her shoulders, and leaping directly backward.

With that, she attempted to escape the gargantuan black arm’s range. ――Not enough, however.

Caught by the falling fingertips, they were helplessly snatched away from this world.

???: [I will not allow that to happen――!!]

However, just before the titanic arm reached Taritta and the others, a huge mass was wedged with great violence overhead, between the three of them and the giant arm.

Tightly entangled in emerald-green thorny vines, the castle walls had been torn apart and seized.

With tremendous centrifugal force, it became a dome that protected the group of three in which Taritta was included, trying to intercept the falling giant arm.

Naturally, the limb was not something that would be halted by anything of the sort.

Once the huge black arm touched the wall, the latter came undone as easily as candy, disappearing in a second like a leaf being devoured by a winged insect.

However――,

???: [I won’t tolerate any further disorder in my city―― Hk!]

A woman clad in a kimono dived right under the disappearing castle wall, the beast ears on her head all perked up, kicking her long legs upwards, propelling the wall towards the gargantuan arm.

A wave of pressure broke through, beckoning the collapse of the building it focused on. However, the unfathomable might of the woman’s kick caused the gigantic arm on the other side of the wall to bend, halting the erosion.

But, it only stopped for a moment.

Still, that one moment was enough.

Taritta: [――Hk, we’re safe !]

Narrowly escaping the giant arm’s range, her heels grinding into the ground, Taritta exhaled.

Released from her arms, Medium and Abel also landed on the ground. The three of them looked up to see the building that had been their perch earlier being swallowed up by the shadows.

Medium: [Y-Yorna-chan is…!]

Abel: [She’s safe. Though it looks like we are being pursued even more than we were a moment ago.]

Jerking his chin, Abel answered as Medium cast her gaze all around her with a worried look.

At the place her glance was directed to, jumping around while being chased by the shadows running amok, was the kimono -clad woman who had just let loose a potent blow―― was she Yorna Mishigure?

That transcendent force was worthy of qualifying for the Nine Divine Generals.

It was understandable that Abel would wish to have someone like her on his side. A person as powerful as her could easily accept a destiny that would determine the course of the world.

Unlike Taritta, there would be no hesitation if the time came.

Abel: [You saved me once more, Taritta.]

As if seeing through Taritta’s indecision, Abel examined the kneeling Taritta.

She was unable to calm her breathing down, for reasons aside from her exertion immediately prior. However, Abel would spare no quarter to Taritta, either physically or mentally.

Abel: [Had you not extended your hand, I could have lost my life without any effort on your part. And yet, you saved me; was that because you cannot fulfill the commandment you have received without getting your hands dirty?]

Taritta: [T-That’s wrong …!]

Abel: [If so, how come? Your conduct is inconsistent with――]

Medium: [But more importantly, thank you for the help, right!?]

Once again, Medium came to Taritta’s rescue, rendered speechless after the accusation of inconsistent behavior.

Medium, her beautiful golden hair disheveled, was thrusting her finger at Abel right before the latter’s eyes. The difference in stature between the two was visible in her gesture, but even so, Medium did not let go or yield her claim.

Medium: [Abel-chan, you and I would’ve died if Taritta-chan hadn’t saved us, no? We gotta thank her, first of all. Taritta-chan, thank you~!]

Taritta: [ H-huh …]

Medium: [Then, back on track! What’s up with that, Abel-chin? What do you wanna have Taritta-chan do?]

Medium looked back and thanked her, then quickly turned to Abel.

Her questioning was delayed somewhat by the exchange between Abel and Taritta, with the former sighing that Medium could not keep up with her understanding of the situation.

Abel: [I already conveyed that to Taritta. I do not require that you understand.]

Medium: [If I don’t understand, I’ll just keep disturbing you ‘til I do, okay? How about that?]

Abel: [――. In order to quell the Great Disaster, I must lose my life. That is the future the Stargazer has seen, and the commandment bestowed upon Taritta.]

Medium: [――? I got no idea of what you mean. Why would that big black shadow calm down after Abel-chin’s death? That’s so weird!]

In response to Medium’s persistent pleas, Taritta bit the inside of her cheek.

Certainly, she could understand the foresight that the Empire would be spared from destruction as a result of fulfilling that commandment. How exactly would that be brought about, Taritta was unsure.

However, that being pointed out only made Medium realize Abel’s ruthlessness――,

Abel: [――Is it not odd?]

But Taritta’s conjecture was stalled by the echo of Abel’s words that followed.

Baring her teeth, Medium voiced out “Odd”, in vehement protest. To which Abel, covering his mouth with his hand, once more repeated it, “Odd”.

Abel: [Taritta.]

Taritta: [ Ah , w-what is it ?]

Abel: [The commandment you have received, to take my life to avert the Empire’s ruin. Are you certain of it?]

Taritta: [――Hk.]

Being directed a question to again, hesitantly, Taritta nodded her head.

She had been told that the commandment she was unable to execute was necessary.

But after ascertaining this, Abel once more spoke, “If so”,

Abel: [Would that not be what you know as destruction?]

Taritta: [ Huh …]

Abel: [You know of the divination that a Great Disaster would bring about the ruin of the Empire. But you hold the belief that that thing, and the Great Disaster, are one and the same. Are you certain of that?]

With that question, Taritta’s thoughts began racing, trying to discern its meaning.

What could one call that entity that evoked dread and horror, the black shadow gradually spreading from the heart of the Demon City, if not the Great Disaster?

Time and time again, a nightmarish spectacle was displayed to her repeatedly.

Every night, a nightmare, urging her to not forget, over and over again brought Taritta visions of the coming doom. That thing was certainly a manifestation of that, however――,

Taritta: [Is that , the Great Disaster or not …]

Abel: [You have not obtained knowledge of it, is that so? Then perhaps some other Stargazer has.]

Taritta: [Some other …]

After that sentence, Taritta’s eyes began moving frantically.

Although Abel had stated Stargazers were connected to each other, Taritta was an exception. ――No, “exception” was not the correct word. To begin with, they were different from the get-go.

That was why Taritta had no idea about the existence of other Stargazers.

Taritta: [ Ah …]

If she were to have an idea about that Stargazer, it would be the person she had encountered just a few moments ago.

Taritta: [――――]

That delicate man who did not let go of his carefree attitude, that obnoxious person who had not even given his name, was so well-informed that he had called Taritta the “Disgrace of Shudraq”.

He knew of Taritta’s sin. Perhaps due to the connection between Stargazers.

What had he, the Stargazer, said upon laying eyes on the Great Disaster?

If she recalled correctly, the man had stated――,

Taritta: [ That, it was outside his responsibility …]

Abel: [――. Truly, was that what the Stargazer said? I see.]

Medium: [Abel-chin?]

Hearing Taritta leaking that expression, dumbfounded, Abel nodded, then turned away.

Frowning her eyebrows at that, Medium wrapped around Abel as to go towards his front and peer into his face. And once she did, Medium’s round eyes widened. Startled.

The reason for her surprise was evident in Abel’s immediate reaction.

Abel placed his palm on his own face covered by the oni mask, and fixing his stare solidly on the heart of the Demon City, where the Great Disaster―― or rather, where the all-consuming jet-black mass continued its rampage,

Abel: [――The Empire’s ruin, is it not that Great Disaster?]

With this murmur, Abel then cleared his throat slightly, letting out a short exhale.

To Taritta, who was unable to see the expression on his face, it had nearly sounded like a laugh.

Abel: [If so, there is no reason for you to stumble along the way. ――I shall have you disappear from the board, you interloper.]

--- Chapter 58: Those With No Place to Turn To ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Taritta first began being tormented by nightmares related to a “commandment” three years prior.

Up until then, Taritta had lived a life wholly detached from a “commandment”.

Of course, she had also been completely ignorant of the existence of Stargazers.

――Once people heard the word “commandment”, what would come to mind?

Fate and destiny, the inevitable trials and obstacles in the walk of one’s life.

When it comes to thinking of such, there was a clear difference between those and a commandment. Things that were unavoidable, very much like the falling rain when walking on unsheltered roads.

The People of Shudraq, too, had an understanding of something such as inevitable events.

Putting it in honest words, it could be said that death was the most inescapable fate among all.

Old age and illness, hunger and injuries as well, things associated with death were the curtain of destiny that would arrive without exception, something difficult to avoid.

No matter the person, one could not go against their destiny. Nor should they consider that they should defy it.

When a compatriot of theirs died, they prayed and sung, so that their soul would be welcomed into peace.

Singing, feasting, and seeing them off was the Way of Shudraq, a value Taritta believed in.

Her older sister, Mizelda, was an outstanding Shudraqian. Although she was not as prominent as her sister, Taritta had also inherited the blood of a lineage that continued to carry the role of Shudraq Chieftain for generations.

Being a Shudraqian was an unquestionable truth for Taritta.

Following the teachings of Shudraq was only natural, something not to be questioned.

Taritta had never been good at mulling over stuff. She was not one to be bothered with things, nor did she wish to add to her own worries.

She had believed that her life would be one of following her older sister’s footsteps alongside the People of Shudraq, her own people, who shared her blood and her own path, from beginning to end.

That was to be her fate, her destiny――

???: [Hey, Taritta. I was chosen to be a Stargazer , and I have a commandment to fulfill .]

――That was, until the one closest to her, her “soul sister”, confided in her.

△▼△▼△▼△

Abel: [――The Empire’s ruin, is it not that Great Disaster?]

The man in the oni mask stared straight ahead at Taritta, her resolve shaken, wobbly on her feet.

The writhing, jet-black thing visible from a distance was instinctively recognizable at a glance as a “Great Disaster”; however, the man―― Abel, ridiculed the notion of being afraid of it.

Abel: [If so, there is no reason for you to stumble along the way. ――I shall have you disappear from the board, you interloper.]

Abel stepped forward, stating clearly, and with much grit, that it was something undesired.

At that very moment, the small Medium shouted “Wait, wait!” from beside him. Grabbing the hem of Abel’s clothing, she halted his movements with all her might,

Medium: [You’re suddenly really determined, aren’t you!? But, it’s too dangerous for you Abel-chin!]

Abel: [Fool. It is clear what needs to be done. If that were likely to be the Great Disaster, I would lament that the preparations were beyond insufficient. If that is not the case, however…]

Medium: [Then what?]

Abel: [Then it is merely a sideshow before the real deal. There is no time for such entertainment. As far as that is concerned, we shall promptly put an end to it. ――You too, shall become aware of that if you observe it from a distance.]

Jerking his chin, Abel indicated the Great Disaster to Medium, after her question. But, much like she was unsure of his intent, Medium frowned.

Back and forth, she took glances at Abel and the Great Disaster, sizing them up,

Medium: [I don’t understand a single thing you said! You’ve got a bad habit of putting on airs, Abel-chin!]

Abel: [Are you holding me responsible for your lack of intellect?]

Medium: [Like. I. Said! If I can’t grasp the point of this, then I’m going to get in your way! Abel-chin, you’re just getting in your own way! If you were smart, you’d realize that!]

Abel: [――――]

Stomping on the ground and puffing out her cheeks, Medium would not let go of the hem of Abel’s clothing.

Perhaps thinking that he didn’t have time to ponder over Medium’s defiance, it being one of her strengths, Abel let out a small sigh, and then,

Abel: [If you have not noticed, that girl, Yorna Mishigure, Kafma Irulux, and the people of the Demon City, are struggling desperately to stop that Great Disaster.]

Medium: [Mmm~, that bad habit of yours again?]

Abel: [――. That thing has a will. It has a clear, obvious, human will.]

Abel spoke, and Medium tilted her head, “Will?”.

Taritta, standing behind Medium, also raised an eyebrow at the latter’s question. That Great Disaster, the embodiment of the end of the world, possesses a will?

Furthermore, Abel labeled it the will of a “person”. Where could such a thing exist there?

In the first place, the idea of considering that thing as a living entity was one she could not even conceive.

The figure, which was whittling away at the world with all of its entirety, bubbling away, writhing, spelled the end of the world itself.

What in the world could Abel have seen that had made him conclude that it possessed a will?

Just when Taritta and Medium arrived at that very same question――,

Abel: [Earlier, that thing reached out to you people.]

Medium: [Huh?]

Taritta: [――Ah.]

Abel’s seemingly unexpected words made both of them let out dumb noises.

Medium happened to have no idea of that, but Taritta felt a faint discomfort. ――When she’d snatched the two of them away from the shadows, that had come swooping down, Taritta had sensed it as well.

That, from that abhorrent jet-black thing, there was something akin to a slight attachment.

Abel: [Most likely, it reflects the will of the one struggling deep inside it. Seeking salvation, it keeps reaching out its hands. Behold.]

Before Taritta’s astonished gasp, Abel now extended his hand as to indicate the Great Disaster.

Taritta and the others, drawn by the gesture, looked at it, and now understood Abel’s point.

Sitting at the center of the Demon City in place of the collapsed Crimson Lapis Castle, the Great Disaster spread unrelenting destruction and demise to the surrounding area, expanding―― but that which the darkest of shadows extended to as to reap it, bringing its demise by taking it unto itself, were not buildings nor the very earth, but human beings.

And that, too――,

Medium: [――Louis-chan and Yorna-chan are the only ones being attacked?]

Taritta had the same impression as what was contained in Medium’s faint mutter.

As they watched the fierce battle against the Great Disaster from a distance, they could easily see the bias in the shadow’s aim.

The two main targets were Yorna, who was unfolding a fight across several fronts, and Louis, who was evading the shadows she had attracted with instantaneous movement.

Even Taritta was impressed, her eyes opened wide, by Louis’s incredible movements, but, wielding destructive power, Yorna’s offensive and defensive abilities were a testament to her transcendent strength as one of the Nine Divine Generals.

But the man from the Insect Cage Clan was no less capable, demonstrating suppressive abilities comparable to those of Yorna, keeping the damage caused by the Great Disaster at a minimum again and again by use of his vines of thorns. And yet, the only attacks that flew in his direction, and in the direction of the building-throwing residents of the Demon City, were basically akin to stray arrows.

Medium: [If it’s targeting Louis-chan as well, it means it’s not going in order of who’s stronger.]

Abel: [Taking into account strength, and strength only, she is not too far behind Kafma Irulux. But, assessing it from a bird’s-eye view, it is self-evident. It possesses a will. Meaning it only makes sense for me to move.]

Taritta: [W-what makes you , so sure about that …?]

Abel: [It is a given. There is no way that thing is fond of me. Let us say that it is reaching out hands as if to cling onto someone, then the likes of me are not fit candidates for such a thing.]

Taritta found Abel’s disinterested manner of speaking a baffling, puzzling thing.

She understood Abel’s thought, defining the existence of the Great Disaster of being something with a will. However, it was peculiar that, using that as a basis, the Great Disaster’s selection criteria would be clear.

It was as if Abel knew to whom the will of the Great Disaster belonged.

Abel: [――It is Natsuki Subaru.]

Taritta: [――Hk!]

Medium: [Huh!?]

As if to push Taritta’s doubts and Medium’s lack of understanding out of the way, Abel trained his line of sight at the Great Disaster as he asserted that.

Viewing the two staring motionless and in shock, Abel gave a deep nod, and continued,

Abel: [It was something that overflowed from within Natsuki Subaru. Then, it is no wonder that his will intervened. All along, I had regarded him as a man of numerous secrets, but this is beyond my expectations.]

Medium: [W-wait a minute, Abel-chin… You’re saying, that’s Subaru-chin…!?]

Abel: [Strictly speaking, it is something that permits Natsuki Subaru’s will to be reflected. I’m not saying that it’s him, or something serving him. ――Either way, the result is the same.]

Medium: [Abel-chin, why do you seem to be so calm about it!?]

Medium, her round eyes wide in surprise, complained in a voice that made it seem like she was about to cry.

Looking down at her small figure, Abel’s black eyes, on the other side of the oni mask, narrowed. Just like an adult troubled by the tantrum of a child.

Abel: [Do I look calm to you? He let that thing overflow from inside him, and my whole plan fell apart. Reconsideration is required for this, and yet I do not possess the time for that now. And yet you say I look calm to you?]

Medium: [No! No, that’s not what I’m talking about! It’s not that, it’s… Subaru-chin’s calling out for help, right? But even so, you’re so calm about that, why!?]

Abel: [――Would cuddling up with that thing in its suffering bring the situation at hand under control? Unfortunately, reality is not so accommodating nor benevolent.]

Medium’s fervent words, however, failed to sway Abel’s heart of iron.

That was because he was a cold man, incapable of understanding people’s hearts―― no, he was a man that regarded the human heart as unimportant, but who at the same time he was a man who could separate his priorities.

For those who stood at the top, like politicians and leaders, it was a quality that must be possessed.

The same would be required of Taritta, who had to assume the position of Chieftain.

But――,

Taritta: [For me , I …]

She was unable to think in the same way as Abel did, nor could she have his decisiveness.

Much less, she was also unable to head-on say that she hated something if that was the case, just like Medium.

Abel: [I have no time to argue with you here. I shall take my leave. I must converse with Yorna Mishigure.]

Medium: […With Yorna-chan? But how?]

Stating that he could not spend any more time answering her questions, Abel attempted to step forward. But Medium interrupted him, her gaze testifying eloquently to the difficulty of proceeding.

Having declared the place he was going to, Abel, in his attempt to talk with Yorna, would find himself in the frontlines against the mad rampage of the Great Disaster.

The battlefield where a split-second decision from those transcendent people could mark the difference between life and death.

It was evident that Abel would only endanger his life, were he to step forth. In fact, he would not even be able to make a move that would change the course of the battle――.

Taritta: [――――]

Taritta’s whole body froze at the thought of a move that could change the course of the battle.

Or, perhaps, it was an option available only to Taritta. Only Taritta had the means to appease the disgusting harbinger of death that was the Great Disaster.

The only one aware of the commandment bestowed upon her for the sake of repelling the Great Disaster, Taritta――,

Medium: [――I’m going to go to the front too.]

Abel: [What?]

At the prospect of such a big decision, Taritta’s body shuddered.

To Taritta’s side, Abel’s voice was filled with doubt as Medium declared so. Black eyes flickered as if peering into the heart of the little girl restraining herself,

Abel: [You, what are you thinking? To begin with, have you even been listening to me? The only grounds on which I shall be taking my leave, is because I believe that thing is not fond of me. If you go there…]

Medium: [I got that already! So I’m not going with you! I’m going where Louis-chan and Yorna-chan are fighting! I want Subaru-chin to find me.]

Abel: [――――]

Medium: [If it is as Abel guessed, Subaru-chin will reach out to me, right? If that’s the case, Louis-chan and the others will have a teeny bit less trouble, won’t they? Maybe that way Abel-chin won’t be targeted either.]

Abel: [To begin with, I am less likely to be targeted.]

Medium: [Maybe then it’ll be even less likely! Right!?]

Stepping forth firmly, Medium emphasized her own bid.

For a moment, it was clear that Abel was considering Medium’s proposal in earnest. As per her words, if the Great Disaster reflected Subaru’s will, then it was highly likely that Medium would be targeted.

However, Medium remained as a concern, her stature still diminutive, her mobility still hampered.

Even if she were to take on the role of attracting the attention of the Great Disaster, there was a good chance that she would be swallowed up by the shadows without being able to fulfill her role in any significant way. If that much were to happen, it would generate a mental turmoil to those around her.

It was none other than Taritta herself who thought she would not be able to remain calm if Medium were lost.

Energetic, full of life, and unafraid to be around others, Medium was one of Taritta’s favorite companions. She would be incapable of facing her brother, Flop, either.

――In that case, she wondered if she, in her current state, would be able to face anyone.

Abel: [Denied.]

Medium: [Abel-chin!]

Abel: [I considered it for a moment, but in your condition, you would not be able to fulfill the role of a decoy. The impact of your death on those around you would be a greater concern. I cannot accept such a gamble.]

Adjacent to Taritta at a standstill, Abel dismissed Medium’s proposal out of that very same concern.

However, gnashing her teeth out of anger, Medium’s eyes transmitted a lack of satisfaction. At this point, it was quite possible that she would disregard Abel’s opinion and leap onto the battlefield and raise her voice toward the Great Disaster.

And amidst that sort of perilous situation――,

???: [――Then I’ll protect Lil’ Miss Medium. You shouldn’t have any complaints then, right?]

Stepping over the rubble, the voice of a newly-arrived figure interrupted.

At the sound of the familiar voice the group of three, all in their own worlds, turned to look at the person speaking to them.

The dao hanging from their thick right arm and an ugly rag covering their face, they possessed a suspicious appearance. Although the sense of them being a particularly powerful person had never been there, for some reason, at this moment, in this place, the man standing there was brimming with a fighting spirit so striking that it was almost too much to look at―― Al.

Medium: [Al-chin! You’ve gotten bigger… and back to normal!?]

Al: [Right, I just happened to run into the old man coming back. I didn’t have time to go back to the inn to get my helmet, so you’ll have to overlook this clumsy presentation for a tad.]

Medium: [Not at all, so cool! But if Gramps is there…]

Barring the rags wrapped around his face, Al had returned to his original state. Medium’s voice seemed sunnier due to his words, which made her look around restlessly as well

Naturally, as Medium was in the same state, she would opt for returning to her normal self.

But, Al appended with “Sorry” regarding Medium’s situation,

Al: [Sorry, I couldn’t bring the old man along. He said he’d be wise about it.]

Medium: [Umm~, I see. Mhm, I get it! But I’m glad, even if it’s just Al-chin who’s back! Have you stopped being so scared now?]

Al: [Being scared, that’s something that ain’t gonna stop for the rest of my life.]

Medium switched instantly from having her eyes downcast for a moment as hope was taken away from her. Hearing her words, Al lowered the tone of his voice, shaking his head.

His voice was filled to the brim with unconcealable fear and anxiety. In the face of that Great Disaster, everyone held instinctive fear. No one could condemn them for that.

However, whereas Al harbored no feigned fear of the sort,

Al: [Still, I gotta do it… Bring it on, oh inevitable fate.]

Medium: [Al-chin…]

Suddenly, Al raised the clasped dao overhead; Medium looked impressed by his determination.

Meanwhile, a small snorting sound interrupted their conversation.

Abel: [For a trembling, shriveled abomination, you sure talk big. That Olbart Dunkelkenn should have no ability to inspire others.]

Al: [And you’d be right. The old man just said a lot of things that pissed me off. It wasn’t that lil’ shit that made me stand up.]

Abel: [Then what did? After having been rendered unmoving, how will you convince me that you can be included in my future plans?]

Al: [――――]

Abel, kept like that by Medium seizing the hem of his clothing and being held back, asked that of Al.

Those cold eyes of his, piercing his oni mask, were probably still thinking of the victory that had to be grasped. How would Al be able to convince Abel to add him to his ranks, here?

With Abel turning his gaze towards her, Taritta had trouble breathing, unable to imagine how he would convince him.

Under the watchful eyes of Taritta, Abel, and finally Medium, Al――,

Al: [Sorry, but I ain’t gonna waste my words to convince you, Abel-chan.]

Abel: [Ho.]

Al: [The only master I got is the sexy-cute Princess. The reason I’ve gone along with you like this, is so that I can give bro some assistance… So that’s what I’m gonna do. Feel free to work my moves into your equations however you want, Abel-chan.]

Declaring so with a defiant attitude, Al shouldered the dao. That brisk and clear decision made Abel’s oni mask-covered face tense slightly.

But even if the answer was not in accordance to his own thoughts, Abel had neither the power to drive Al away nor a relationship valuable enough to hold him back. Exactly as Al had predicted.

No matter what, Abel would have to formulate a plan with the assumption of Al’s presence.

Abel: [If your sanity returned, then what has merely returned is just a bothersome clown. How do you plan to fight it?]

Al: [Trade secret. ――Well, I ain’t gonna let you die, Lil’ Miss Medium. And don’t worry, I’ll protect you too, Abel-chan.]

Medium: [Al-chin…]

With the Great Disaster’s rampage right before his eyes, Al’s reply was far too reassuring.

What in those words had caused Medium to open her eyes wide, was the surprise that Al had recovered from what Abel had described as a “disgrace”, becoming an embodiment of honor.

Consequently, Medium strongly nodded, and,

Medium: [I’ll do my best with Al-chin! Abel-chin, is that fine with you?]

Abel: [――. From the beginning, the presence of you two was not part of the plan.]

Medium: [Thank you very much. Just the apparent fact that we weren’t included among those with fighting power makes it feel like we’re getting special treatment.]

Shrugging at Abel’s answer, Medium lined up with Al, who stepped forward. Only then did Medium’s hand part with Abel’s sleeve at last.

Waving his released arm, Abel released out a small exhale, then turned to face the Great Disaster.

And then――,

Abel: [――Taritta.]

Taritta: [ Ah …]

Abel: [If you prefer to target my back, so be it. But take in mind. ――Ultimately, you will have no choice but to make the decision of whether or not to follow your commandment by yourself.]

Rather than turning towards Taritta, he let her hear that from over his back; and then, Abel’s steps proceeded in the direction of the battlefield.

Medium and Al, both of whom were facing in the same direction as he was, also seemed to be accompanying him in his advance.

Taritta: [――Hk.]

Only Taritta was unable to move forward or backward. She could only see off the backs of those three people.

The words that Abel had just said to her kept echoing in her mind over and over again, as if a reminder to herself. To just shoot down Abel’s back by nocking an arrow to the bow in her hands would be an uncomplicated affair.

But if she could take the plunge into an uncomplicated affair without batting an eyelid, Taritta would not be so worried.

Taritta: [Obey or disobey, the commandment … I … I …]

Biting her lip with force, Taritta cast her head downwards while holding back the heat slowly rising in her body.

She was unable to muster the resolve to take aim with the arrow in her grasp, or the courage to spit out the thoughts rooted in her heart.

Amidst the demolished Demon City, dominated only by the continued violent tremors and roars, Taritta looked downwards.

――Similar to how, one certain day, she was swept away, ridiculed by the stars.

△▼△▼△▼△

While she guarded against the encroaching jet-black darkness, a tempest swept fiercely within Yorna’s heart.

Yorna: [――――]

Swinging her kiseru , the purple smoke produced served as a barrier that halted the offensive of the Great Disaster, restraining its expansion.

At intervals, parts of the city would be fired, akin to cannonballs, in an attempt to inflict even a single piece of damage to the Great Disaster.

By repeating this over and over again to deal with the extending shadows that would dispossess her of her life from just a graze, she would devote everything in her mind and body to manage it as best as she could.

However, she would not keep up these increasingly ineffective actions for long.

Yorna: [―― Hk , what are you becoming so fainthearted about?]

To object to the timidness that had entered her own heart, Yorna curved her beautiful lips.

Regardless of its effectiveness, she held no intention of withdrawing the caustic words she had left Abel with. This city belonged to Yorna, and those who lived in it were under her protection.

The last stronghold for those with nowhere else to go, they could not afford to lose it――,

Louis: [Uuaaauuuu!!]

Yorna: [Child…!]

Abruptly, copious amounts of black corruption poured down, targeting Yorna. Before Yorna could deal with it, a small shadow appeared and rushed over, moving towards her waist, and in the blink of an eye, the world changed immediately afterwards.

For nary a moment, there was the wobbly sensation of her head shaking, but upon seeing the ground a number of meters to her side becoming gashed right after that violent assault, Yorna grasped that she had been protected.

The one to pull that off, was a blue-eyed girl, her golden hair pulled back in a bun―― Louis.

Her slender shoulders violently heaving up and down, Louis, her lovely face having taken a grim color, glared at the Great Disaster motionlessly with round eyes widened in grief.

What she was looking at was not the Great Disaster itself, however, but what was within it.

Yorna: [You’re worried about that child, aren’t you?]

Louis: [Uau…!]

A short reply to Yorna’s words, and Louis’s figure once again bounced like a ball and headed for the Great Disaster.

Louis was jumping around the top part of the Great Disaster―― That bubbling, amorphous Great Disaster, in which there was nothing that looked like a head, but if there was one, she was jumping around the part that corresponded to it – attracting its attention.

Aimed at Louis’s petite body, nearly a hundred shadowy arms were shot out in succession; avoiding all of those, Louis’s contribution to preventing the spread of damage was immeasurable.

Were it not for her, it would be hard to believe that Yorna and the residents of the Demon City would have been able to contain the Great Disaster on their own. That only made it all the more horrifying.

Kafma: [Use that! Little girl!]

Louis: [Au!]

Assisting Louis to break through, was the wielder of thorny shrubs extending from both arms, Kafma.

Offering the vines of thorns which boasted significant suppressive ability as a scaffolding, he adroitly supported Louis’s evasive maneuvers. Of course, those thorns late to retract would be swallowed by the Great Disaster, but Kafma seemed to not be affected by this; as could be seen by the earnest look on his face, his mute yet masterful performance would resume playing an active role.

Behind Louis, Kafma, and Yorna in their battle, the residents of Demon City continued to resist the Great Disaster, albeit on a lesser scale. Those with flames lit in one of their eyes were under the influence of Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique, their power increased.

However, there were individual differences and limits to how much the level of one’s strength could be raised.

Moreover, Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique had the disposition of favoring the weaker ones.

It was a tool that enabled the weak to face the strong, not a substitute for the strong to face something stronger.

That was nothing more than the difference in the quality of one’s soul, something Yorna was unable to influence in any way.

Therefore――,

Yorna: [――And yet, it’s only been a few minutes.]

It seemed as if an endless amount of time had passed, but only a few minutes had gone by since the Great Disaster engulfed Crimson Lapis Castle, when Yorna and the others began their all-out battle.

Nevertheless, the wear-and-tear on Yorna and her group was not negligible.

That was what it was like, being smack-dab in a place where you were always overly anxious of fatal injury.

That probably marked the difference between those considered true warriors, and Yorna Mishigure, a woman who just so happened to be endowed with power.

Were she a true warrior, she would challenge this Great Disaster that could erase her entirely without any discretion and wrest out a win, however she did not consider herself that blessed of an existence for such.

That self-awareness was a strong point of the leader of the Demon City, named Yorna Mishigure.

And thus――,

???: [Hiyahhh――!!]

With a vigorous call to arms, a fresh fighting force entered the battlefield, which seemed to be tilting towards dire straits.

A girl of petite build, wielding a cleaver in her hands, charged in with a momentum such that the words “launch in” served as an apt descriptor.

The intrusion of the little girl, launching herself in with her long braids dancing in the air, all while maintaining a lively atmosphere, lead everyone on the battlefield into a state of bewilderment; Yorna included.

Of course. Just what would happen with the entrance of a lone girl on the battlefield? All that could be seen was a little girl who was displaying foolhardiness, and whose bravery would be her downfall.

Moreover, she was not the sole odd intruder.

???: [Let’s go, Lil’ Miss Medium! Let’s battle proudly!]

So barked a masked man that landed behind the girl, carrying the dao.

He was one of the people who had visited the castle tower as messengers the previous day, but unlike that time, hiding his face was not a helmet, but rather a mask of cloth, and the way he held the dao was bizarre.

For some reason, he had the blade of the dao tucked close to his own neck as he broke into a run in such a perilous stance.

One mistake, and just like that, he would inadvertently cut off his own head.

In any case, the battlefield’s atmosphere froze due to that passing party of two, which evoked only bewilderment.

However, that congealment only affected the defenders who were aware of this melee. ――The Great Disaster, apparently devoid of any will, was unsurprised by these reinforcements.

Nonetheless, the fact that, perhaps having a sense of what one may perceive as annoyance, the majority of the shadows cast by the Great Disaster lashed out neither upon Yorna nor Louis, but rather at the girl who had just rushed out; almost as if in a state of emergency.

She had to protect them; Yorna made a sudden move, but――,

Al: [To the right! Step on the scaffold and jump! Place the tips of your feet on the rubble, then up you go!]

Medium: [Urya!]

There was a shout from the masked man, and the girl bounced in time, raising an enthusiastic voice.

Doing as she had been told to by the man, the girl jumped to the right, stepped on a piece of rubble, and flew forward. Once the girl’s foot reached the rubble ahead of her, she used the strength of her fingers to fly upward in a big leap.

In turn, the shadow caressed, scraped, and encircled the places the girl had moved to.

The girl, however, barely managed to dodge it, achieving not being harmed.

Yorna: [That’s…]

This was the same scene she had witnessed at the tower as of the previous day; when messengers had partaken in a bout proposed by Yorna, and were targeted and attacked by the Emperor―― or rather, by a man dressed as the Emperor, alongside the group he commanded.

That masked man had escaped the crisis by directing his allies to take preventative measures against Kafma’s thorns and Olbart’s attacks. Aside from that, the man seemed to have no special abilities.

Was it just tremendously good intuition, and no reason beyond that?

Whereas she viewed the latter to be most likely, she could not reach a conclusion as to why that would be exactly.

Even so, the situation had changed.

Medium: [Al-chin! What’s next!?]

Al: [Don’t rush me, I’m a nervous wreck! Hey, tattoo-bro over there, gimme a hand! I’ll tell you what to do! Obstruct that thing’s movements!]

Kafma: [I refuse! Why should I follow someone as suspicious as…]

Al: [Up there! Spread the vines wide!]

Kafma: [Wha!?]

Much like how he’d been called out by the little girl, the masked man―― who had been referred to as Al by the little girl, now called out to Kafma.

Kafma was naturally reluctant to follow the other party’s command, as his competency was unknown, but the jet-black shadows that surged in concert with Al’s cries proved that this was no time for quarrels.

Thorn vines spread from Kafma’s arms as he bent down in haste and raised his hands above his head, as the great wave of shadows changed course to stream along the briars.

Of course, the vines of thorns could not totally withstand those all-consuming shadows, yet Kafma had saved his own life with that single second earned.

Bursting into a gap and having escaped that hardship, Kafma glared towards Al, “You…!”,

Kafma: [Can you read the movements of that Great Disaster?]

Al: [We have a bit of a connection. Are you ready to hear what I have to say?]

Kafma: [――. It is unavoidable, if for the sake of reducing damage. But I will not tolerate thoughtless words!]

Al: [You’re more flexible than I thought you’d be, thanks.]

With Kafma openly admitting his superiority, Al chuckled sarcastically and stepped forward.

Then instructing the girl and Kafma again, the dao still trained on his own neck, he began taking command of the front line against the Great Disaster.

And adjacent to that struggle――,

???: [――Yorna Mishigure.]

Yorna: [You are…]

About to join the unexpected combat forces of Al and the little girl, Yorna turned her attention toward an oni mask making its way over, treading over the rubble―― in the direction of Abel.

Few minutes had passed since their parting earlier, but he was not a man of such an affable nature that he would change his mind in such a short time.

In the first place, the disconnect between Yorna and him was not the kind of thing that could be easily wiped away with the passage of time. That sort of turbulence seemed to lay in the background.

And, as if in support of Yorna’s thoughts――,

Abel: [Abandoning the Demon City; have you cooled down enough to consider that suggestion?]

Blithely and ruthlessly, Abel once again threw a proposal at Yorna that had been discarded once before.

Of course, “cooled” was a word unfitting of a mind aroused with fighting spirit. As long as the situation and their relationship remained the same, the answer on Yorna’s side would not change either.

Deeming arguing as pointless, Yorna turned her back on the cold-blooded Emperor.

Abel: [You stated this was the last place for those who had no place to go, no place to stay.]

Yorna: [――――]

Abel: [My notion of it as worthless sentimentality remains. But allow me to correct your mistake.]

Yorna: [My, mistake?]

By that inexcusable argument, Yorna’s attempt to return to the battlefield was halted.

It was absurd, Yorna being mistaken in regards to the Demon City of Chaosflame. This was Yorna’s city. All of its residents were Yorna’s beloved children.

That towards them, Yorna would hold misconceptions or anything of the like――.

Yorna: [Just what exactly am I erring in, then?]

Abel: [It is not to this city that those weeping cling and rely on. It is you.]

Yorna: [――――]

Abel: [The Demon City was originally built on desolate land, a city composed of the leftovers of warfare. The Crimson Lapis Castle was erected as a symbol, but the true symbol has always been its tower. Namely, you.]

Once more, Abel’s eyes were fixed on Yorna, as he concluded so.

Her eardrums struck by the power and the true meaning of those words, Yorna’s cheeks stiffened.

She understood the logic. But it was very much lip service.

Whether Yorna was a spiritual pillar for the residents of Demon City or not, the fact remained that when it rained, they needed shelter, and when they were hungry, they needed something to eat.

Whatever a city could provide, Yorna could not provide alone in comparison.

Yorna: [Or do you believe that these children would say that they would endure odious things, such as enduring an empty stomach or getting wet in the rain as long as I am there?]

Abel: [――They would!]

Yorna: [Eh…]

Abel: [Do you believe everything under your wing is a suckling baby? A baby, grumbling for comfort, waiting to be fed milk? ――That is not my opinion.]

Due to Abel’s figure as he replied, Yorna quietly gulped.

Immediately afterward, a violent booming sound erupted behind them, and pieces of debris wrapped up in the maelstrom of the Great Disaster flew towards Yorna and Abel. One of the fragments landed right next to Abel, who stood still, as the impact struck the slender man, ripping the oni mask from his face.

Yorna: [――Hk.]

His pale face had become uncovered, and blood was running down his forehead, having been slightly grazed by a splinter, yet his countenance did not waver in the slightest. The handsome man picked up the oni mask that had fallen by his side, clutching it in his hands.

Donning his true face, Abel―― Nay, Vincent Vollachia, stared at Yorna.

Abel: [The populace is foolish. If it does not hurt, they forget to resist, if they have no enemies, they do not even arm themselves. They know not how to unite without disaster, and they are so afraid of death that they avert their eyes from it.]

Yorna: [――――]

Abel: [And for all that, it is that weakness and foolishness that makes them, them. The Empire rules its populace by means of iron and blood, and, in the Demon City, your way of being has served as guidance for the inhabitants’ own. Consequently…]

Cutting off his words there, Abel then turned his gaze in some other direction. The place towards which his eyes had been lured, was to those who had Yorna’s love lit in their eyes; the form of the inhabitants opposing the Great Disaster.

Resolutely, they continued fighting valiantly to protect this city.

No――,

Abel: [For your sake, they shall endure hunger and the rain. And, for the day when the sun shall rise again, for the day their stomach shall be full, they choose to desire with you!]

Consequently――,

Abel: [Abandon the Demon City. Their destination is the same as yours. And the only place they can turn to, is yourself.]

Yorna: [――Ah.]

Abel: [Or do you lament that you cannot do that? Do your own desires and those of the ones who struggle for you not overlap?]

As he voiced this, Abel wiped the blood from his forehead with his sleeve, putting the oni mask once more on his face.

Yet again his expression was concealed by cognitive disruption, but the words declared just before penetrated deep into the depths of Yorna’s heart, becoming a thorn that would not fall out.

From the moment Yorna read the missive, she understood that Abel knew what she desired.

But for that to come out and be used as a reference at this juncture, was far too barren of compassion. And that void of compassion was a quality desired in the Vollachian Emperor of the current generation.

It was for that reason, that taking all the necessary measures was――,

Yorna: [If we abandon the Demon City and escape from that Great Disaster, what shall you do? That thing may drink this city dry, but it may not stop there!]

Abel: [Are you attempting to size me up this late in the game? You get what I am saying fully.]

Abandoning the Demon City, and allowing the Great Disaster to do as it pleases, just what was the true meaning of those words?

Abel responded to Yorna’s query with sullenness, jerking his jaw. That gesture of his indicated the Great Disaster itself―― or rather, the base below the raging Great Disaster.

Put into other words, there, laid the site of the Crimson Lapis Castle, where the Great Disaster had first made its appearance――,

Abel: [Do the same as you did when that thing swallowed the Castle, but now, for the Demon City. ――The swallowed Castle was not enough to blow it away, but your beloved Demon City will be a different matter altogether!]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

From a distance, the wind fluttered the hem of his outfit, piercing black eyes gazing upon the Great Disaster that laid ruin upon the city.

Yorna’s scheme to minimize the spread of the damage as much as possible, along with Kafma, the city dwellers and other unexpected contributions of military strength, appeared to be manifesting some effect.

However, that would not last for long, either.

To an undeniable extent, the threat that was the very darkness of the Great Disaster, was overwhelming.

Perhaps in ancient times, people would personally witness such things, and, resigning themselves for the end of the world, left behind legends to pass on their fears to the survivors.

The most extreme of these was the Witch of Envy. This Great Disaster was another, just like the former. [1]

But――,

???: [――The Great Disaster that would destroy the Empire, it is a disaster of a different sort?]

???: [It is, it is. Oh nooo~, this could be an issue, no? That it’d happen like this wasn’t foreseen, I feel like forgetting my place and complaining to the stars myself.]

With arms folded, standing still at an overlook, was a man―― Vincent; and looking at the same sight to his side, was the blue-robed Stargazer crouched down.

Along their journey, the man had not even chirped as to give them advance warning, yet had yelled out “Aaat~ aaany~ raaate~, that’s outside my responsibility” in regards to the thrashing Great Disaster, as to dodge any and all blame.

However, one of the few virtues of the Stargazer was that he would not lie about what he had seen.

So for a Stargazer to be so bold, this disaster, and the ruin of the Empire foreseen by the Stargazer, had to be a different problem.

In other words――,

???: [Oh, comin’, comin’. Geez, I was rushin’ quite a bit.]

Ubilk: [My my, Old Man Olbart.]

Behind Vincent who squinted in thought, an old man with a faint presence appeared. The Stargazer was first to call the name of the elderly man―― of Olbart, who nodded his head with an “Aye aye”.

Shooting a sideways glance at Olbart lined up next to him, Vincent’s eyebrows scrunched in a scowl.

Vincent: [You, did you leave your right arm somewhere?]

Olbart: [Just as I’d expect, you’re quite perceptive, Your Excellency. Actually, I keep my right hand tucked in Your Excellency’s breast pocket… Well, at least it’d be funny if I did. It was swallowed by that great shadow.]

Ubilk: [I seeee~. Sounds like quite the painful experience.]

Olbart: [Yeaaah, ‘twas painful. Even at my age, I was ‘boutta cry and whine like a lil’ kid. Embarrassin’, embarrassin’.]

With a flutter, Olbart ranted and raved as he waved his right hand, which was missing from the wrist down.

Leaving Olbart and the Stargazer’s charade aside, Vincent once more looked upon the battlefield.

At the former site of the Crimson Lapis Castle, the Great Disaster stirred. Plus, there was the city’s strength pushing it to keep it at bay.

The measures necessary to repel the Great Disaster were already being relayed to Yorna.

So after this――,

Olbart: [But is it alright for Your Excellency to just casually stick ‘round at this place?]

Vincent: [It is of no importance.]

To the words of an Olbart tilting his head, Vincent responded quietly.

It was his role to transmit the plan to Yorna and persuade her. In return, Vincent had to carry out the role as Vincent would.

Therefore――,

Vincent: [That move has already been made. ――The move that should be made as Vincent Vollachia, Emperor of Vollachia.]

Translation notes:

[1] In the original text, the “連なる” in “それに連なる” can express the idea of “a group extending to something”, or “something being connected to something else”. As such, there’s a possible second meaning in the text here about this Great Disaster being connected to the Witch of Envy.

--- Chapter 59: Taritta Shudraq ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [Hey, Taritta. I was chosen to be a Stargazer , and I have a commandment to fulfill .]

The one to confide in Taritta, was another of the People of Shudraq, Mariuli.

All Shudraqians were born and raised in the Buddheim Jungle, and that, was where their lives would come to an end.

Hence, all the fellow villagers in the settlement were like family, and Mariuli was no exception to that.

For Taritta, however, Mariuli was a special and close friend. The reason for this was that she and Taritta had been born on the same day; soul sisters who had raised their birth cry in the same place.

――A belief of the Shudraq, was that the souls of children born on the same day were connected.

The connection was considered stronger than the one between one’s mother and sisters, they were treated as the very half of themselves.

It was an ancient Shudraq custom that soul sisters were connected by a deep and profound bond; Kuna and Holly were likewise soul sisters, having been born on the same day.

When thinking of the friendship between those two, the existence of a bond that transcended that of blood could be keenly understood.

The beautiful Shudraq, the woman named Mariuli, her black hair dyed a pink color at the ends, was Taritta’s soul sister.

She was gentle and calm, someone with good chemistry with Taritta, the latter someone anxious and shy.

Taritta also consulted her soul sister about her real sister often. She would ask her to listen to her anxieties and her lack of confidence in her ability to support her older sister, who would eventually take over as Chieftain of the tribe.

Any conflicts or embarrassing insecurities she had, she could naturally confide in Mariuli.

So when Mariuli told her she had a secret to disclose, Taritta was happy to be asked for advice, feeling compelled to repay her trust.

And so, she spoke.

――She had been chosen as a Stargazer, bestowed with a commandment to fulfill.

Mariuli: [To fulfill the commandment is a Stargazer’s important role . It’s a great honor , Taritta.]

Taritta: [ Well , I don’t understand … What are the heavens telling you , Mariuli?]

Mariuli: [It’s not the heavens , Taritta. It’s the stars who tell us . The stars assign us a role to play . A very , very important role … In fact , I wasn’t going to tell anyone , but …]

Taritta: [――――]

Mariuli: [ You , are my soul sister .]

Looking over to the smiling Mariuli and her trust, Taritta was unable to say anything.

It was merely a topic that her soul sister, Mariuli, had confided in Taritta, trusting her. The thought of revealing it to anyone but herself was not one that Taritta possessed.

Besides, that sort of thing which seemed like an obsession, could quickly be forgotten as a passing delusion.

It was truly a passing delusion that really did not need to be taken seriously. By believing this, Taritta averted her eyes from the matter of Mariuli.

But changes manifested themselves, slowly but surely becoming anomalies.

And then, one day.

When Taritta and Mizelda returned from hunting, Mariuli, who was taking care of the village children, was singing an unfamiliar song. ――That was bizarre.

The People of Shudraq, in the village, could be split into two roles.

One of those, was the role of the hunter, those who left the settlement and made it their profession to hunt prey; Mizelda, Taritta, and many other Shudraqians belonged to this group.

The role of the others, was that of a guardian who would stay in the village, raising the children, and defending the settlement.

Mariuli, she belonged to those with the role of guardian.

Her hunting skills never improved; her ability was so ruinous that should she draw the bow she would miss all shots out of one hundred. However, she was an excellent cook and seamstress, and her strong points were in singing songs and telling stories of the past to the children.

Henceforth, it was not surprising that Mariuli was singing.

Mariuli was an excellent singer, and at feasts, everyone would beg her to sing.

Taritta on the other hand, was useless at most of a guardian’s duties, and was not very good at singing either. Truly, the two were halves of one person, or else they would not be able to fulfill one whole individual’s worth of work.

And yet――,

Mizelda: [――I can’t remember hearing Mariuli’s song before .]

Taritta: [ S-sister …]

Mizelda: [ But , it’s a good song . Pleasant .]

Stopping to listen to the same song, Mizelda paid no mind to the abnormality.

The same went for the others, Kuna and Holly. They all noticed that Mariuli was singing a song they did not recognize, but they did not think twice as to its significance.

Only Taritta was fearful and apprehensive about the source of the song.

It was Mariuli who had spoken of the stars having informed her of the role she should perform, such as the commandment.

Surely, she would not say that even that song had been taught by the stars――.

Mariuli: [ No , Taritta. That’s a misunderstanding . I didn’t learn it from the stars , I just sang a song I already knew .]

Taritta: [You know , the song ?]

Mariuli: [ Yes , I know the song … Not personally though , another Stargazer does …]

Taritta: [―― Hk , I don’t understand what that means !]

It was not the answer Taritta had feared.

In a way, however, Mariuli’s answer had gone beyond what Taritta had feared.

This Stargazer remark was proof that she had not forgotten the tall tale that had come out of her mouth. It was proof that the fantasy still perdured. ――No, it was proof that it was getting worse.

However, due to Taritta not understanding anything of what she spoke on the subject of Stargazers, Mariuli made a lonely face.

Because it had seemingly betrayed her trust, Taritta agonized due to something impossible for her to understand.

――After that, the honeymoon period with Mariuli’s Stargazer continued.

She would spend her days demonstrating unfamiliar knowledge, singing unfamiliar songs, telling unfamiliar stories, and fulfilling an unfamiliar commandment.

It was a Mariuli that Taritta did not know.

Always, she would discuss everything with Mariuli.

There had never been a time in her life when Taritta did not seek Mariuli’s advice on a decision. The same was true for Mariuli, even regarding her daughter’s name.

Yet Mariuli’s attention was always on the sky.

Seemingly prioritizing something other than the People of Shudraq, something aside from Taritta and her daughter, her life slowly and gradually became trapped by the stars, bound by the commandment.

Someone, someone who was not a star, was placing wisdom in her.

Suspecting this, Taritta had even attempted to indirectly pry around her surroundings. However, with her role as guardian she never left the village. There was no opportunity for her to gain knowledge of the outside world.

It was really as if the stars were whispering to her.

Taritta: [Are you the one who’s misleading Mariuli ?]

Looking up at the night sky, she inquired to the stars that could be seen through the gaps in the treetops.

The stars that spoke to Mariuli, however, did not speak to Taritta, to whom she was connected by soul.

Unfamiliar knowledge, the songs no one had ever heard, a commandment one must fulfill――.

Taritta: [――Give me my soul sister back .]

Drawing her bowstring with force, Taritta took aim at the brightest star in the night sky.

As soon as she released the string, a sharp arrow roared up into the night sky―― And naturally, it fell down aimlessly, not hitting anything.

The stars, refused to acknowledge even Taritta’s rebellious will.

The stars did not speak; they did not hand down commandments.

Then, what exactly had changed Mariuli? She could not understand it.

She did not even know who she should let hear this lament.

All the troubles and sufferings that she could not express had been heard by Mariuli. Then, who should she turn to, to listen to her worries and sufferings caused by Mariuli?

She was certain that her older sister would not comprehend. Her older sister was strong and composed.

That she could dwell on anything or stand still was inconceivable. Besides, the horror of confiding in her older sister was larger than that of just not being understood.

The current Mariuli was antithetical to the teachings and to the way of life of the People of Shudraq.

Would Mizelda, now the Chieftain of the tribe, approve of that? Or was it possible that she would banish Mariuli from the village because of her dangerous ideas?

Some had been driven away from the tribe in the past, unable to return to the Jungle ever again.

She did not want to lose sight of Mariuli.

Even if now, Mariuli had changed from the one whose soul Taritta’s own had been connected with.

Therefore, Taritta kept her anguish bottled up within her chest for a long time.

And then――,

Mariuli: [――What should I do , Taritta? I’m a Stargazer, and yet …]

――And then the incident of that day, the same as the nightmares she saw every night, truly began.

△▼△▼△▼△

Sensing the change in the state of the battle, everyone on the battlefield began acting in their own way.

As the situation was irreversible, no one was falling behind, their faces alert as a result of their nerves being on edge.

The Great Disaster raged on, the rampaging shadows engulfing and consuming the surroundings, chipping away, magnifying demise.

However, none of those who had steeled their hearts to resist the Disaster faltered. That was the hard-earned reward of those who had overcome the very first obstacle.

There was a condition for mounting a challenge on the Great Disaster.

They had to be warriors. ――That meant that they must possess the strength to fight. Simultaneously, it also meant that they must possess a heart able to oppose it.

If either strength or heart were lacking, one could not stand on the battlefield as a warrior.

Conversely, as long as one could prove that they held both of those, there would be no other obstacles in their path to challenge the Great Disaster.

Louis: [Uau!]

Raising a soundless voice, with clenched teeth Louis continued evading the shadow’s onslaught.

She had neither any attachment nor a connection to Chaosflame, no stake in whether the city would be destroyed or not. If the city were to disappear, it would not bother her in the slightest.

Albeit she appeared young and frail, she was endeavoring her utmost to survive the Great Disaster, but for other reasons.

If that conferred Louis with strength, with heart, no one had the right to hold her back.

And that was not limited to only Louis.

Medium, wielding a barbarian sword with her small frame; Al, holding the dao against his own neck; Kafma, mobilizing all the power of the “insects” within his body; and the residents of Demon City, one of their eyes ablaze; all those held a determination to not retreat against the Great Disaster equal to that of Louis.

Each of them had their own, different reasons for taking on the Great Disaster that was destroying the Demon City.

For those that had made it past this first hurdle, the Great Disaster behaved in a simple manner and, despite its danger, it was not too complicated to deal with.

――The Great Disaster was not a living thing. That, was the greatest factor.

The Great Disaster was no longer a disaster of that nature; instead, it could be said that it was a phenomenon of destruction itself.

Shadows that chipped away at everything they came in contact with; an amorphous figure, bubbling and writhing, that did not allow one to be sure an attack had been successful. ――However, that was all there was to it.

Al: [It doesn’t even have the brains to respond to our attacks or to change the way it acts.]

Running across the battlefield using debris as footing, Al stared intensely at the Great Disaster while issuing directions to those around him.

Although there was no way to erase the panic leaking from the core of his body, via a show of bravado and with his grasp on the situation, he was able to give his mind some respite. Respite, for Al to think.

The behavior of the Great Disaster was, to put it simply, predictable.

It would shake off or absorb anything that drew near, and would wriggle and engulf its surroundings to cause further damage, were it to go undisturbed.

However, the defensive forces, Al included, would not permit the Great Disaster to proliferate further.

By driving attacks in, or by dispelling its attention from the goal of the overflowing shadows through becoming bait themselves, they would generate a pause on its engorgement, wasting its time. Repeatedly.

Had the Great Disaster been a living being, it would have learned, taken in how to react and change the tide of the battle.

Or else, it could have brought forth a change of its behavior because of emotional aggravation, which certainly should have generated a change in the course of the battle. But because that did not come to pass, even this fighting force was able to hold it back, albeit barely.

However――,

Yorna: [――All of you, get ready to move back.]

With a single stomp the earth shattered, and the billowing shockwave split the Great Disaster’s gargantuan body in twain.

Of course, not long after that the Great Disaster squirmed, quickly reverting to its original state, but it was the absolute suppressive ability of the Demon City’s Mistress that allowed her to inflict a discernible level of damage.

The one who had performed that deed, Yorna Mishigure, her thick-soled geta producing loud sounds, blocked the shadows which came surging forth like waves of the rough seas, as if to sweep the earth and everything on it away.

Medium: [Yorna-chan!]

Yorna: [Stand down! Though it is frustrating, we’ll do as that man says.]

Medium: [You mean Abel-chin?]

As they conversed amidst the storm, Yorna’s slender jaw went up and down in a nod in response to Medium’s question. Her almond eyes regarded a handsome man wearing an oni mask, standing atop a hill overlooking the battlefield.

Even if he did not have the ability to join the fight, he was not running away, still present, perhaps because of some pride.

In any case, the plan he had elaborated via the perceptions circling in his mind had been conveyed to Yorna, and she had adopted it as her plan of action.

Then――,

Yorna: [――I’ll allow this city to be swallowed up, and then I’ll blow it up from within. Aside from this, there’s no other way to nip the buds of that Disaster causing this debauchery.]

Kafma: [Can you do it?]

Yorna: [If one castle isn’t enough, then it’s just a matter of using one city. But if that’s not enough, then I’ll have to be made Empress Consort and use the country.]

Kafma: [As one of his retainers, I must admonish you firmly for such a thing!]

Having heard Yorna’s plan, Kafma yelled at her, red-faced due to her unnecessary comment. Still, the honest warrior of the Insect Cage Tribe changed his expression at once and nodded his head in assent with an “Understood”.

That was probably because he had realized that Yorna’s decision to abandon her city was a choice that brought pain akin to cutting her own body.

Kafma’s short answer falling upon her ears, Yorna’s eyes were cast downwards slightly, followed by a charming, delicate smile.

Yorna: [There’s no need for your concern. With me and those who love me, a city like this can be established. ――Me and them both have that solace.]

Yorna, putting her hand on her chest and stating as much, had no objection.

In fact, just how much power the ace up Yorna’s sleeve would demonstrate was unclear, but he fully understood that, aside from it, there was nothing else that could tip the scales against the Great Disaster, right now.

Henceforth――,

Medium: [――We’re all gonna have to fight our way back together! As fast as we can!]

Those brief words asserted by Medium were the cue for the final gambit in the battle of the Demon City to be carried out.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The nightmares she had every night started on one chilly night, under a moon pale and freezing cold.

After professing to be a Stargazer, Mariuli had gotten to the point where she was revealing unknown knowledge.

Her brethren did not care where this knowledge came from, but Taritta’s fears grew day-by-day. However, she could not disclose the anguish she carried to anyone.

Mariuli had never told anyone aside from Taritta that she had become a Stargazer. Not because of self-interest, but rather because of the simple bonds between the two.

There were vows and secrets, which were only exchanged between fellow soul sisters.

Kuna and Holly, who both had a strong sense of belonging to the Shudraq, certainly also had their own secrets, which they had not told their other brethren.

In Mariuli’s case, that would be her role as a Stargazer, which she had confided to Taritta. Plus, it was nigh unthinkable that a soul sister would let slip a secret, confided with such faith, to others.

And thus, Taritta’s anguish continued to gnaw at her heart, unable to share it with anyone else.

However, those days would come to an abrupt end, in a way she had not conceived.

That would be――,

Mariuli: [――What should I do , Taritta? I’m a Stargazer , and yet …]

Mariuli’s words came as a shock to Taritta, who became so stunned that she was unable to move.

Because, what had come out of her mouth were not merely her frail laments, but also fresh, red blood, which drenched the front of her chest.

Her body had not been healthy to begin with.

The reason she had toiled as a guardian, instead of a hunter, was not just down to her inexperience in hunting skills, but also the frailness of her body.

Back when she was a kid, she would often be bedridden due to illness. But as she got older and those bouts grew less common, everyone must have let their guards down, assuming everything with her would certainly be alright.

And despite that, the demon of ill health had been slowly gnawing into her very core, to a point of no return.

Mariuli kept puking up blood over and over again, her face white as a sheet. Anyone could clearly see that her body was growing more haggard by the day, and that the light of her life was starting to flicker out.

Thus――,

???: [The rest depends on Mariuli’s willpower , Taritta.]

Taritta: [ Big … Sister …]

???: [Spend some time with Mariuli . Until her last . That’s the duty of a soul sister .]

Making her drink an infusion, Mizelda left those words behind, which weighed on Taritta.

The duty of a soul sister, that felt just like a commandment.

A commandment spoken to her by her big sister, no different to that of the heavens, saying that she must carry it out.

Other Shudraqians who had known Mariuli for a while, such as Kuna and Holly, each exchanged some words with her. They then took their leave, leaving behind a few words for Taritta.

Everyone understood that this was their last chance to talk to Mariuli.

And, the one who would see Mariuli’s end with her own eyes, would be none other than Taritta. Her soul sister, who had been born on the same day as her, but would die on a different one.

???: [Maa…]

Mariuli’s young daughter, who still could not comprehend what was going on, clutched her mother’s hand and softly rubbed her own cheek against hers.

Prompted by their surroundings, mother and child finished their last farewell without a semblance of understanding. A farewell between an innocent daughter, who held no doubts in her belief that she would see her again tomorrow, and her mother who lay on her deathbed.

Mariuli: [ Goodnight .]

Mariuli finished giving her farewells to her waving child, as well as to her brethren who had spoken to her in turn; now faced with her own death, was something special.

There was no doubt that Mariuli, who Taritta believed in and loved, was strong at her core.

However――,

Mariuli: [What should I do , Taritta. I still haven’t fulfilled my commandment , and yet …]

Taritta: [Mariuli…]

Mariuli: [I still haven’t finished it … Why … Me …]

As soon as she was left alone with Taritta, the tension broke audibly.

Mariuli’s face turned even paler than it had been. What she was worried about was not death looming before her, nor the future of her child, but rather something incomprehensible like the whispers of the stars.

Mariuli’s eyes were filled with tears as she despaired, wondering why.

But Taritta was the one who despaired first, even before her tears and expression.

Taritta: [Y-you’re still going on about that …!]

Mariuli: [Taritta…]

Taritta: [Commandments or whatever , nothing of the sort exists . Absolutely not ! You’re Mariuli of Shudraq ! There’s nothing more to it than that , what more do you want than that !]

Live as a Shudraqian, die as a Shudraqian.

That should have been the most important thing, the biggest priority.

So, what needed to be done in order for Mariuli, one of the Shudraqs, to die as one, was――,

Mariuli: [――Meaning for having been born .]

Taritta: [… Mea … ning ?]

Mariuli: [That’s what I want .]

Mariuli’s words, which even at a time like this, saw worth in the commandment, pierced through Taritta.

Born like a Shudraqian, live like a Shudraqian, die like a Shudraqian.

Upon being asked what could she desire further, she replied by telling her she desired the meaning of being born.

――She had a daughter. She had Taritta. She had the Shudraq. And yet, she said she desired meaning.

In that very instant, she, Mariuli, had renounced the blood flowing through her, dismissing it as meaningless.

She had betrayed her blood, and declared that she found worth in the whispers of the stars, which were nothing but a sham, of all things.

This kind of betrayal was one very difficult to forgive, as far as Taritta was concerned.

So, for that reason――,

Taritta: [――Enough already .]

Mariuli: [――――]

Taritta: [I’m, your soul sister … How can you even speak about the meaning of being born in front of me .]

As if she were saying she couldn’t bear to hear any more of this, Taritta displayed her intentions using her cold blade.

She had drawn out a dagger, its tip quietly pointed against Mariuli’s pale throat. Taritta hoped Mariuli would be brought back to her senses, making her withdraw her words with how sharp and frigid the blade was.

Naturally, it could be that these threats would not get through to Mariuli, given she was on death’s doorstep.

However, Taritta could not conceive of any other way. Henceforth, only this method remained.

Even so, that was the greatest mistake Taritta had made in her life.

Mariuli: [ Right , Taritta . ――I had you .]

Taritta: [ Huh ?]

Her face white as a sheet, Mariuli focused on Taritta.

The hue of her eyes seemed different from what Taritta had ever known of Mariuli, and that made her body tense up.

That very instant proved to be a fatal one. ――For Mariuli.

Taritta: [Mariuli…!?]

Mariuli’s thin hand pressed firmly over Taritta’s, pushing down the blade pointed at herself.

Taritta immediately tried to resist, but was prevented from doing so due to her momentary confusion and by how atypically strong Mariuli felt.

The blade was one that opposed the thick pelts of beasts.

With how sharp it was honed, the blade sliced through Mariuli’s body like it was water, shedding blood. There came a sickening sound along with a sickening sensation; there she knew that the tip of her dagger had fatally torn into Mariuli’s chest.

Taritta: [We need to …! We need to get you patched up immediately …!]

Mariuli: [ No , Taritta! You have a role to play …]

Taritta: [Please stop saying these foolish things ! This isn’t the time for that …]

Mariuli: [LISTEN TO ME !]

Taritta: [――Hk!]

She uttered a scream that felt like she was spewing up blood―― No, she literally was spewing up blood.

Her chest had been torn into by the dagger, the light of her life growing ever dimmer by the moment; however, Mariuli’s arm would not let Taritta go. As blood foamed from the corner of her mouth, her eyes bored into Taritta.

Clinging to her life, which she was about to lose at any moment, she spoke while forcibly digging her nails into her,

Mariuli: [ After … a thousand nights have passed … I’ll … You’ll … Come across a traveler …]

Taritta: [――――]

Mariuli: [This traveler , is an ally of the Great Disaster that’ll bring this land to ruin … So, you must , kill them …]

Taritta: [Mariuli……]

Mariuli: [ Must … kill them …]

Taritta: [Mariuli…? Mariuli!]

Her voice, filled with anguish and mixed with the coughing of blood, robbed Taritta’s arms of their strength.

But before she even knew it, Mariuli’s unbelievable strength fizzled out. That was when she should have stood up and called for someone. ――No, it was too late to do that. It was too late for everything.

The grim reaper had already placed its fingers around Mariuli’s soul, and it was about to be taken away.

Delaying that for even a second was mere wishful thinking.

Mariuli: [A traveler , with dark hair , and dark eyes … Kill them .]

Taritta: [――――]

Mariuli: [Stop the Great Disaster , Taritta… That’s my duty … I can’t fulfill it anymore … So , please … Taritta… My , soul sister …]

Taritta: [Y-you’re still saying tha …]

As she shed blood, Mariuli used the last of her strength for this entreaty; and for that, for the very first time, Taritta hated her.

All this time, Taritta had been desperately trying to keep her in check, due to how they were connected in soul. And yet, she had ignored this altogether and brought that up in her very last moments.

It was so despicable; those words struck Taritta in her very heart.

Hearing Taritta’s tearful voice, Mariuli’s eyes flickered slightly.

And just like that, strength ebbed away from Mariuli’s body, and her head slowly slumped down,

Mariuli: […U… ta…]

Taritta: [Mariuli?]

Mariuli: [――――]

Taritta: [MARIULI!!]

At the very end, a weak, hoarse breath escaped from her, and that was her last.

There lay Mariuli’s body, limp and with no pulse, a dagger still stuck in her chest. Taritta remained stunned for a few seconds, then quickly ran out from the cabin, in an attempt to call her big sister and the others.

However――,

???: [―― Ah .]

Taritta threw open the cabin door, and tried to run off outside, however she stopped in her tracks.

Sitting there, was a small silhouette that should not have been there.

Perhaps she had been worried about her bedridden mother, or perhaps she had felt a bad hunch as a child would.

Whichever one it was, the young girl, who had what it took to become an excellent hunter, had shown her qualities on a night in which she should never have done so, slipping past the eyes of the adults.

The young girl, Utakata, was staring at Taritta, who was soaked in her mother’s blood, shedding tears upon tears.

△▼△▼△▼△

The shadow of the Great Disaster rampaged on, and a cataclysmic earthquake fractured the Demon City from the inside out.

Yorna’s decision reached all residents of the Demon City, for each and every one of them to abandon the land that had become their home.

A bitter decision had been made. For them, this was the very final place that had welcomed those with no other place to go, that had permitted them the freedom of not having to run and hide.

The loss of all of this, how could one not lament it?

However――,

Yorna: [If there’s life, I’ll save it. For the sake of witnessing a new Demon City with our own eyes, we must be quick, without delay.]

Since the Mistress of the Demon City, the last stronghold of the helpless, had announced it, the people believed that they could rally and rebuild their home; they started running, turning their backs to their land, the home they were accustomed to living in.

Ruin engulfed, pulverized the Demon City; the responsibility for that lay within the Great Disaster, its scale ever-enlarging.

The shadows it wielded grew in density, the wriggling jet-black mass swelling exponentially before their eyes.

The increase in both its size and the number of shadows utilized going unchecked, signified that the Great Disaster posed increased danger.

As the area covered by the wave of destruction widened, the earth itself and the cityscape being gouged out, Yorna was astounded by the great efforts a certain meritorious person was undertaking to keep the human casualties at a minimum―― Al.

Al: [Lil’ Miss Medium! Back off! That’s enough! You won’t make it if you stay there any longer as you are right now, Lil’ Miss! Time to go!]

Medium: [Uh~! So frustrating! But, thank you!]

Trusting the judgment of Al, shouting so, Medium, carrying the barbarian sword, fled at once.

A barrage of shadows shot out in pursuit of the young girl’s back, which were blocked by a wall of thorns of vine that sprang out from the side, allowing the girl, whose petite body had played the perilous role of a decoy, to escape.

Al: [Thanks for the save, Antenna-bro! But it’s about time you…]

Kafma: [About time? Are you going to tell me to retreat? If so, then I, Kafma Irulux, will not listen to such talk!]

Al: [No, y’know, I do consider you a character who’d say that, but I really mean it.]

Kafma: [What are you trying to say!?]

Al: [Whatever.]

Shrugging his shoulders, Al shook his head loosely at Kafma’s angry bellow.

As a result of going without Kafma’s support, the battle against the Great Disaster would have been much more precarious. Although Al was grateful for his assistance, his hot-headed disposition was annoying.

Anyway――,

Al: [――Fox-babe!]

Yorna: [I’m not pleased with the way you’re calling me, but I got it.]

At the voice Al had cast her way, Yorna nodded in assent.

From the center of the city to the outer gardens, the operation to withdraw from the Great Disaster had reached its climax. Yorna’s decision to abandon the Demon City had been made known, and the evacuation of a significant portion of the population had been completed.

Just as they had decided, they would then let that which had swallowed the Demon City, the Great Disaster, feel its retribution. ――If only there were some mistake about it, and there was no necessity for that.

Yorna: [Is there perhaps, a lingering attachment…]

The Great Disaster suddenly reaching its limit, collapsing, and vanishing beginning from its edges, or a weak point being suddenly exposed, allowing an attack just on that one spot; such convenient miracles would not happen.

They understood it without a hitch. ――The Great Disaster, was a calamity that would continue on inexhaustibly.

Were it to go unstopped, it would not cease with the Demon City alone; much, much more would be caught up in its destruction.

To prevent this, they must sacrifice their precious Demon City.

Yorna: [――――]

Closing her eyes, for nary a moment, she hesitated, regrets flashing through her mind.

Even in the history of the ability called the Soul Marriage Technique, Yorna’s own was unique.

In essence, the mass of souls that an individual was able to carry made no difference whatsoever, no matter how big the difference between them was. However, Yorna, because of certain circumstances, was in possession of a soul thousands of times more voluminous than others.

It was not a power she desired. If she were up-front about it, she even wished to relinquish it.

It had been useful in getting the position she was currently in, but she had not anticipated that an opportunity in which she was required to make use of it would come knocking. ――No, rather, it should be stated that she had avoided thinking about it.

Hence why it had taken her so long to make a decision when the time came.

And that――,

Yorna: [――That man.]

Having been seen through by him, Yorna looked over her shoulder at the figure of a man wearing an oni mask, watching on in the distance.

Standing in the outer gardens of the Demon City, a place that could no longer escape destruction, the man with his arms crossed did not waver in the slightest. Perhaps his emotionless gaze was because he regarded the sacrifices necessary to halt the Great Disaster as a foregone conclusion?

Even so, the fact that he had stayed there, unmoving, to see the conclusion with his very eyes was perhaps the way of the man to display humanity to Yorna, urging her to make a decision.

Al: [――Hk, that idiot!]

A moment later, as she resolved to give her all to her opponent, the Great Disaster, Yorna’s eardrums were struck by the sound of cursing.

Turning towards its origin, then seeing that it had been Al, and following the gaze from behind his mask directed to the Great Disaster, Yorna understood what he was swearing at.

A small body kept bouncing all around the Great Disaster, kicking debris and keeping it in check―― Louis’s.

Her golden hair dancing, her white attire stained with dirt and dust, her shoulders heaving up and down heavily, her whole body drenched in sweat, the girl continued mounting an assault against the Great Disaster.

Louis’s goal was merely one. To find the black-haired boy who had been right where the Great Disaster had sprung――.

Yorna: [That child.]

Because she had not found the means to rescue him, Yorna had agonized while coming to this conclusion.

It was equally as painful as abandoning the Demon City, or perhaps even more, bringing pain akin to cutting her body.

Once this plan came to fruition, what would happen to what the Great Disaster had absorbed? Perhaps if that were returned, the black-haired boy would be included.

But Yorna knew that had a pup’s chance to happen.

For that reason, she also knew that Louis’s dogged struggle would end in futility.

Kafma: [We have to bring that girl back!]

Al: [You gotta be joking! Leave the brat alone! In the first place, she’s…]

Kafma: [What about that girl!?]

Al: [She’s a… Hk.]

Shouting at the sight of Louis bouncing about, Kafma glared at Al. Showered by Kafma’s sharp glare, the latter choked on his words, seemingly holding some thoughts on Louis.

Yorna wanted to save Louis. ――As long as Louis’s desire could not be fulfilled, Yorna wanted to at least save her life.

Perhaps, she would be happier if they died together.

That was what Louis possibly desired from the boy absorbed by the darkness.

Al: [Shit, shitshitshit, for fuck’s sake! Why do I gotta worry myself stupid ‘cause of her? I’m gonna resent you, bro!]

Shouting this wildly, Al started running with vigor that did not betray the tone of his voice.

At his destination was Louis, constantly leaping from side-to-side against the Great Disaster. Louis was agile enough to not let that jet-black monster set its sights on herself, however――,

Al: [I can see through you!]

Louis: [Uh!?]

Dodging the rain of debris, the aftermath of the shadow’s actions, pouring down on him, Al wrapped around Louis as if he knew how she would move, then snatched the girl’s body in an underarm carry.

With the two as they were, still grappling with each other, the pair narrowly avoided a storm of shadows aimed at them. Al had unbelievably protected the two in a close-cut, just barely escaping the range of the attack.

Louis: [Uu! Uau! Aau!]

Al: [――Go to sleep!]

Louis: [Uhk.]

All the while, Louis struggled about in Al’s arm, trying desperately to reach out in the direction of the Great Disaster. However, Al drove a callous blow with the hilt of the dao, and Louis’s head fell, limp.

And with that, Al lifted Louis’s small body, then initiated a sprint, turning his back to the Great Disaster.

Al: [Antenna!]

Kafma: [It’s Kafma Irulux!]

In response to his urgent call, Kafma’s vines unfolded an escape route for the fleeing Al. The Great Disaster intensely pursued Al, attempting to corner him, as he dashed towards the thorny shrubs’ path.

However, while they produced a path for Al, the vines also created barriers to the Great Disaster.

Al, carrying Louis, ran across the battlefield in a tremendous combination of offensive and defensive cover fire, then――,

Abel: [――Do it, Yorna Mishigure!!]

In a final move, a shout urging for decisive action was raised from behind, and Yorna thrust her hands out in front of herself.

The gesture itself was meaningless. Very much like when the Castle was swallowed. It was merely a gesture for Yorna to make known how much she was willing to sacrifice in order to achieve this.

Yorna: [I, do not love you.]

With those few words, unto the Great Disaster that had swallowed the majority of the Demon City of Chaosflame, Yorna’s soul exploded. Its potency was certainly as if the very city had crashed down――,

The impact of the explosion produced something akin to a blast wave, and a tremendous gale blew the Demon City up.

Rocked by the shockwave, all that composed the Demon City was broken, crushed, obliterated. Amidst all this, the Great Disaster at the nexus of the shockwave was engulfed by the destruction, and was certainly likewise destroyed.

With that, by a single blow unleashed in exchange for the city itself, the Great Disaster was negated――,

Abel: [――Was it not enough.]

Amidst the unrelenting tempest and the lingering plumes of smoke, the voice of a quiet man echoed.

Realizing that this was the voice of a man who never turned away, even in a situation where nobody could help but face down, Yorna, her body losing strength, held her breath.

It had suffered a blow into which she put her utmost, yet nevertheless, the presence of wriggling darkness remained on the opposite side of the columns of smoke.

It had connected. But it was not sufficient. This end result made her grind her molars.

Yorna: [――Ah.]

Before she resolved to take action to paint over her disappointment, Yorna’s voice escaped her.

The reason was simple. ――Something had acted faster than she did.

However, the inextinguishable embers of the Great Disaster were not that something.

That――,

Yorna: [――Tanza?]

Had been the small figure of a deergirl leaping out of the blown-up inn’s basement.

△▼△▼△▼△

Utakata: [Uu saw it . Maa stabbed herself , with Taa’s hands .]

The testimony of Utakata, Mariuli’s daughter, the young child who had witnessed the whole affair, was the deciding factor.

Mariuli’s body had been pierced by Taritta’s dagger, the latter did not even make any attempts to wipe off the blood she was drenched in. To anyone’s eyes, this horrifying spectacle would appear as if Taritta had murdered Mariuli.

However, Mariuli’s daughter, of all people, disproved this view, annulling Taritta’s disgrace.

――Killing their own kin disgraced their soul, forbidding them to return to the same soil as the spirits of their ancestors.

That was which the Shudraq abhorred above all else, the “Disgrace of the Shudraq”.

Utakata’s testimony denied this suspicion. Additionally――

Mizelda: [The way she was stabbed . If Taritta had stabbed her , she would’ve aimed for a spot that wouldn’t have brought suffering . It wasn’t my sister’s doing .]

The way the blade had pierced the body and, even more importantly, the location of the wound.

With just one glance, Mizelda was able to determine that Mariuli had stabbed herself.

The same thing was also noticed by other, more-perceptive-than-average Shudraqians, those among the most perceptive; those who were not, were convinced by Mizelda’s verdict.

They did not conclude that the Chieftain, Mizelda, was trying to cover for her biological younger sister, Taritta.

Rather, it was the opposite.―― Only Mizelda had never attempted to defend Taritta. Not because of a lack of sisterly affection, but because Mizelda was a Shudraqian among Shudraqians.

Their strong Shudraq blood was the basis for Mizelda’s judgement.

It was decided that Taritta was not at fault, and that Mariuli, having taken the dagger from the former, had committed suicide using it.

Perhaps in an attempt to escape the agony of her illness, or perhaps to leave her death in her own hands, rather than the demon of ill health’s hand. From the Shudraq’s point of view, the latter option would have been seen in a better light.

But――,

Taritta: [ I , let Mariuli die ……]

It was none other than Taritta herself who did not see it that way.

Taritta had drawn her dagger to shut Mariuli’s mouth. To prevent her from speaking words she wished not to hear, to prevent her from leaving any more curses behind.

Without Taritta’s imprudence then, Mariuli would not have died in such a manner.

And above all――,

Taritta: [――A commandment .]

On the verge of death, Mariuli made Taritta listen to the commandment bestowed upon herself.

Until then, Mariuli had never explained the slightest thing about the contents of the commandment to Taritta, although she had told the latter it had been handed down to her. Only on her deathbed did she let Taritta hear it for the first time.

Taritta: [――Great Disaster .]

The commandment was to avoid destruction, and that destruction was the Great Disaster, so had Mariuli explained.

The implementation of countermeasures to prevent it, was Mariuli’s commandment.

Taritta: [――A traveler , with dark hair , and dark eyes .]

Would there truly be a thing such as a traveler who would appear a thousand nights from the present?

How could the death of the traveler stave off destruction large enough to even be called a Great Disaster?

But until the very end, Mariuli had believed in the commandment, in a Stargazer’s duty.

Going without fulfilling it wholly made her feel as far as her life had been meaningless.

Taritta: [That it was meaningless …]

That it was absurd, was something Taritta could assert without doubt.

How many times had Mariuli’s words, Mariuli’s kindness, been salvation to her?

Due to her existence, Taritta had been spared from being crushed by the inferiority complex she held towards her own elder sister, worthy of bearing the name Shudraq. Devoid of her support, Taritta would not exist as she did this day.

This too, was Mariuli’s achievement. Taritta would not permit anyone to state that it had been meaningless.

Above all, Mariuli had Utakata, the child she gave birth to after a painful pregnancy.

Taritta: [I won’t let anyone say that all of it was meaningless …]

Biting her teeth with force, she raised her eyes to the night sky.

The sky replete of heavenly stars had not changed. They did not confer Taritta with any of their teachings.

Of course not. The stars spoke naught. Mariuli’s mind was trapped within a delusion.

Even so, even if she had sought salvation in that delusion, even if she had sworn a vow.

Taritta: [These stars or whatever , I wish they would shatter …!]

Simultaneously with directing her hatred towards the night sky, however, Taritta beseeched this.

As Mariuli had whispered, a traveler would come to the forest.

Mariuli’s soul, ruled by despair and regret, would continue to wander, unable to finally join with their ancestor’s spirits.

Without severing that despair and regret, her soul sister would not meet redemption.

What had happened in those final moments, was a secret that the still-young Utakata could not know.

It was a secret that even blood relatives should not meddle with, only soul sisters should.

Taritta: [ Surely , my arrow ――]

Would shoot the traveler dead, severing Mariuli from her lingering attachments.

For that end, she waited and waited and waited without end for the traveler’s visit, and finally――,

――One day, Taritta drew her bow at the sight of her much-awaited traveler.

Subaru: [――Rem!!]

The shot set loose from the bow drawn tight missed its target, and the dark-haired, dark-eyed traveler leapt to the protection of the girl at his side.

Having fixed her aim towards his heart, Taritta’s heart sprung mightily, as she clenched her molars.

After a thousand nights, a black-haired traveler had made their appearance in the forest.

Struck by a shock akin to her heart being frozen over, Taritta nocked an arrow to her bow, and became a hunter.

Calmly, coolly, the tip of the arrow was steadied, aimed at its target.

But her soul was bellowing in fiery applause. Bellowing. Bellowing.

Bellowing, it was bellowing.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The moment the deergirl jumped out, all sound vanished from the world.

The tremendous shockwave just before that, with the Great Disaster at its center, caused the world to literally shake; the force blowing the very city itself away in a violent explosion holding the energy to stamp out the Great Disaster.

Their entire bodies were engulfed in the violent winds of the shock, it was enough for them to hold the conviction that any existence engulfed in a shockwave thousands, tens of thousands of times more powerful than this one, would be shattered into pieces.

However, overpowering even that conviction, the Great Disaster survived this destruction.

Though it could not be said that to be alive and well, Taritta, having become a bystander, aware that she was shaking as she knelt on one knee, sensed the presence of the Great Disaster having escaped annihilation from beyond the plume of smoke.

Louis, Medium, Al, the people of the city, they were watching this desperate resistance.

Unable to decide how she should be, unable to confront the commandment she had continuously been controlled by, and recollecting Mariuli’s face stained with the color of blood, Taritta was unable to move in the face of the Great Disaster.

Everyone carried out their own role, leaving the worthless Taritta behind.

Just as Yorna Mishigure, the ruler of the city, struck a blow at the expense of her beloved city.

Just as the deergirl, seeing that the blow was insufficient, jumped out of her hiding place.

Tanza: [――――]

Running fiercely, her right eye alight, was the girl in a kimono , the messenger who had made her appearance at the inn.

At the destination of the girl who had introduced herself as Tanza, was the Great Disaster on the other side of the fluttering plume of smoke. Taritta did not understand just what in the world she was going to do.

However――,

Yorna: [――Don’t!]

Reprimanding her shaking legs, Taritta understood Tanza’s aim and resolve by chance upon hearing Yorna’s reaction, screaming towards the back of the girl running past.

Tanza was risking her own life, to challenge the Great Disaster by means of some technique.

Yorna, with a guess as to what she was doing, and because of her love for the girl, tried to stop her.

But to stop the young girl would mean missing a golden opportunity to destroy the Great Disaster, whose movements had been arrested by a single blow with the Demon City as a sacrifice.

Or perhaps, if Yorna, one of the Nine Divine Generals, was so inclined, she may be able to perform the clincher against the Great Disaster, and drive it away in some other fashion.

――But was that really true?

Taritta: [―― Hk .]

Cursing herself for trying to harbor such wishful thinking, Taritta gasped quietly.

Casting her sight to her surroundings, Taritta longed for the means to change the situation, for a chance to make a move. She even hoped that someone other than herself would take action.

However, the wreckage of the blown debris, and the people who were tossed and scattered by those, had no strength left to deal with this situation. ――Only Taritta did.

Only Taritta, who had hesitated to participate in the frantic offensive, trying to weather the passing of the storm, was in possession of options at this point.

And then――,

Abel: [――Taritta.]

Taritta turned her gaze at the faint call, and saw the figure of a man standing up on a hill.

Abel. Blood flowing from within his oni mask, his dark eyes looked fixedly at Taritta. Rather than utilizing language, he silently pointed his finger towards the heavens.

To look to the sky, was not what he was conveying.

Abel indicated the heavens, or rather, the stars. ――Namely, the commandment.

Being told to choose, Taritta was forced to make a decision.

Tarrita: [――――]

The bloodstained Mariuli’s final moments, and the commandment to kill the dark-haired, dark-eyed traveler were resurrected within her mind.

Were she to execute it, they would escape the Great Disaster. Mariuli’s soul would be freed from its shackles.

Consequently――,

Taritta: [――――]

Taritta quietly, and without hesitation, drew an arrow from her quiver and, putting it on her bow, took aim.

It was a hunting procedure she had repeated thousands upon thousands of times; it transformed Taritta from a frightened, bewildered, and foolish girl who was unable do her job, into a hunter.

If she were told something as high and mighty as to choose a method to save the world with, this would be how she would elect to do it.

All along, Taritta’s answer to the proposition of the heavens, to the whispers of the stars, had long since been decided.

In other words――,

Taritta: [――I don’t even know what sort of thing a commandment is .]

The bowstring was released, and the nocked arrow flew furiously through the air, cutting through the wind.

And it did not miss its mark; as it pierced the leg of a tall woman who was about to get up and break into a run.

With a startled cry, the woman fell forward and stumbled over.

Impatience and surprise etched on her white face, the woman reached out her hand in grief, raising her voice.

Even in a world where all sound had vanished, Taritta understood very well that this voice was calling out the name of the girl pushing onwards towards the Great Disaster.

Even so, she had made her choice.

――Disobeying the commandment entrusted to her soul sister, she allowed the young girl to achieve her greatest wish, pushing on to stake her life.

Tanza: [――Yorna-sama.]

Kicking off the ground, just before she burst into the opposite side of the cloud of smoke, the girl’s lips invoked that name with loving devotion.

And then, her petite body was swallowed up by the Great Disaster that awaited her beyond the wisp of smoke――,

――A monumental second shock, an extreme explosion comparable to the Demon City’s own, blew the Great Disaster away this time.

--- Chapter 60: The Planting of a Tumultuous Seedling ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Vincent: [――Yorna Mishigure must abdicate the Demon City in an attempt to destroy the Great Disaster. The Soul Marriage Technique might succeed in this, but there is no guarantee.]

Tanza: […Supposing the Demon City were offered, and it’s not enough…]

Vincent: [If that does come to pass, the Great Disaster, with no way to stop it, shall threaten to engulf the entire Empire, or perhaps even more, spreading outside its borders. With the Demon City as its epicenter.]

Tanza: [――――]

Vincent: [――――]

Tanza: [Yorna-sama will not approve of giving up this city.]

Vincent: [This is not a situation for sentimentality. Regardless of whether you want it or not, the city shall be abandoned. In the first place, it is not up to me to persuade you to do so.]

Tanza: [You believe he can convince Yorna-sama?]

Vincent: [If he cannot, everything shall turn to dust. If he must, he shall undertake it. That is the type of person he is, he has maintained that way of being since forever.]

Tanza: […I don’t understand. If you know that much, and are so sure about him, what do you want from me?]

Vincent: [You should already be aware of what I intend. You are young, but you are in a position to be utilized plenty by the ruler of the Demon City.]

Tanza: [――――]

Vincent: [In case the Great Disaster is not destroyed, Yorna Mishigure shall suffer tremendously. The Demon City shall be used against a Great Disaster that has yet to develop fully, but if that does not suffice――]

Tanza: [――I…]

Vincent: [――――]

Tanza: [Yorna-sama… For Yorna Mishigure’s sake, the most magnificent among all, a lady akin to a compassionate mother, For that far away love I am to die a martyr’s death, I assume.]

Vincent: [――. It is a grand undertaking.]

Tanza: [I do not need consolation nor compliments. ――Except, Yorna-sama’s tears.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Yorna: [――Don’t!]

Tanza ran with Yorna’s voice behind her, the latter reaching out her hand, shouting with a pained expression on her face.

Pitching forward, Tanza nimbly kicked the ground, her right eye blazing red, her young body filled with strength that even heavily-armored Imperial Soldiers would be unable to match.

She was no exceptional fighter, nor did she excel in magic or special techniques.

Still, no one could stop her current self.

The reason for that was that she was aware of being loved by Yorna, more loved than anyone else was.

She supported Yorna by her side, was given affection, spoken to, helped, thought of, prayed for.

To love Yorna, and to be loved by Yorna, were the necessary qualifications to receive the maximum benefits of the Soul Marriage Technique―― yet Tanza’s love for Yorna was not out of self-interest.

One may perhaps say that love requested naught in return, speaking with a know-it-all look.

However, Tanza believed in that. ――She believed that the feeling of loving someone was in itself a reward.

The thought of that person and the beating of their heart was the reward for love.

Then Tanza had to reciprocate it, with all of her little body, in return for what she had received.

That was exactly――,

Tanza: [The reason why I was given this life.]

The first time Tanza was granted audience with Yorna, having been driven away from someplace else, she was far too young. Concealed behind her kind older sister’s back, unable to do anything besides looking up towards Yorna and her dignified conduct.

But, for the first time in her life, she had been promised that she could live her days without being threatened by anyone. Believing in that promise, she had thoughts more than fleeting about spending her days with her older sister.

The second time she was granted audience with Yorna, having had her older sister stolen by horrible things, Tanza snapped at Yorna in desperation; however, Yorna did not reproach her.

On the contrary, she listened sincerely to Tanza’s pleas and even helped to avenge her lost sister’s death. ――Even if she would be stigmatized as a rebel, in return.

Why, should she not love her?

A kind person, who had given so much love and compassion to Tanza priorly.

She wept at the death of Tanza’s older sister, regretted being unable to keep her promise, and apologized to Tanza.

――Why, should she not love her?

Tanza: [――――]

In front of her, she could observe a horrifying, writhing black mass of stagnation gathering behind a plume of smoke.

The city beloved by Yorna had been destroyed, and yet her stubborn persistence remained unshattered. Tanza was not intimidated by the darkness that made everyone wish to avert their gaze from itself.

If fear was a reason to falter, then that was not what ruled Tanza’s heart.

Accordingly, Tanza jumped forward using the debris as footing, pushing headlong into the flickering Great Disaster.

If she turned around, it would become a lingering attachment. She knew it would in turn become a curse.

But――,

Yorna: [Tanza――!]

Hearing the one she loved calling out her name, Tanza’s gaze was directed behind her back.

There she saw Yorna lying on the ground, reaching out her hand. A single arrow had painfully pierced her leg; she understood that the person wielding a bow far away from her had been the one to perform that deed.

Were it not for that arrow, Yorna would have rushed towards the Great Disaster, towards Tanza.

Tanza was thankful to the arrow’s shooter, as she could not have done anything as drastic as that.

And then――,

Tanza: [――Yorna-sama.]

Her lips moved.

Whether the words that followed reached Yorna or were inaudible, she would not know.

However, in that moment, just like she did every day before sleeping, every time she woke up had she even the slightest of time, she offered a prayer.

――May you, my beloved, be in good health each and every day.

△▼△▼△▼△

The light blew away everything, white scorching the retinae of all.

As the light faded and the seared eyes gradually regained their capabilities, all beings witnessed the end of the Demon City.

???: [――――]

The ground zero of the explosion had caved in, as if a circle had been gouged out, and, at the center of the Demon City, where the Crimson Lapis Castle should have been located, a titanic hole had been opened wide.

It was as if a giant’s arm had dug up the large pit, a literal mark that proved the existence of a fearsome entity that had swallowed up the entirety of the Demon City.

And the Disaster, which had been defied by the forces of concerted battle, had vanished abruptly.

It was the result of the trump card played by Yorna Mishigure, the Mistress of the Demon City, and all those who had participated in the battle knew that the final push had been performed by the little girl who had staked her life.

In other words――,

???: [――We were saved by that girl. I am deplorable.]

A man so muttered as he peered into the bottom of the gaping hole, stretching out the vines of thorn he wielded―― Kafma Irulux.

There was no falsehood; probably, those words were true, from his heart. As typical of a warrior a cut above the rest, this honest young man who adhered to the philosophy of the Empire reproached himself for having allowed others to correct his own shortcomings.

And making it all the more aggravating, was that a young girl’s life had been spent to cover for that.

Kafma: [Originally, I am at odds with you and your people. Now that things have settled down, I see that the truce should end here, and that we should turn towards that…]

???: […Then, you’ll fight us?]

Kafma: [――. We should not.]

Looking back at the big hole behind him, Kafma shook his head at the question.

Facing Kafma was Medium, her barbarian sword, too large for her small frame, carried on her back. The query of the battered girl covered in mud was a shining ray of light, even amidst the devastation.

That beautiful beam of light was what Kafma believed necessary to keep things from deteriorating.

At any rate, the end result was that the Demon City of Chaosflame had been destroyed, and no building could be found standing straight. From here, the survivors’ struggle to pull through would commence.

Of course, Kafma’s role as a General of the Empire was to deal with those refugees and with Yorna Mishigure, who would lead them.

Kafma: [Right now, I am travelling as the bodyguard for a very important person. First and foremost, I must give priority to meeting up with said individual. Everything else is trivial at this point.]

Medium: [Trivial? Trivial, you say? I think putting it like that is awful!]

Kafma: [N-no, that’s not what I meant…]

Receiving an objection for being unscrupulous, Kafma flinched slightly at Medium’s barbs. But, a somber voice called out to her just like Kafma, “Lil’ Miss Medium”, offering him some timely help.

Looking toward them, slowly coming their way, was a one-armed figure――,

???: [That’s just that guy’s own concern. He’s saying he’s got more important things to do, so he won’t fight us. So let’s settle it with that, that about right?]

Kafma: […I cannot say anything myself. I will leave how you interpret that up to you.]

???: [Heyhey. Plenty of people like you around; y’know, roundabout like you here, big bro.]

Shrugging his shoulders in exasperation, the one-armed man―― Al, stood next to Medium. Looking up at him, Medium’s eyes widened with an “Ah”.

And then, once she pointed at his face.

Medium: [Al-chin, you actually managed to find your helmet?]

Al: [Yeah, somehow. It was lying in the vicinity of where the inn was, so it was a blessing in disguise. I just needed to find it, since I knew it wouldn’t break.]

Medium: [――? You mean it’s tough?]

Al: [Yeahyeah, I mean tough. No one in this world can break it.]

As he declared that, Al rapped his fingers on the jet-black helmet he donned. Medium nodded her head with a “Really~?” in reply, but Kafma shot a sharp look at Al.

Noticing the look in his eyes, Al tilted his head, asking “What do you wanna do?”.

Al: [Your opinion’s that you don’t wanna fight us, right? Of course, same goes for us… Or perhaps I should say that we’re all too worn out for that.]

Kafma: [You directed us brilliantly during that battle earlier. Why did you know how the Great Disaster would move?]

Al: [Trade secret. If I don’t tell you that, no truce?]

Kafma: [――. No, I will not retract my statement.]

Shaking his head, Kafma responded to Al’s answer with genuine sincerity. He then dusted off his tattered cloak with his hand, turning his back on both Al and Medium.

He turned to what he had stated was a very important person.

Kafma: [I cooperated with you this time because of these developments. But you and I are enemies… Lest you reconsider, we will see each other on the battlefield. At that time, I will not stay my hand.]

Al: [Even if you didn’t tell us that…]

Medium: [Same goes for us as well…! Thanks for helping us.]

Kafma: [I only did what I was supposed to do as a General of the Empire.]

With these words, Kafma spread his transparent wings across his sturdy back and flew away in one swift movement, the beating of his wings producing a loud noise.

Medium and Al watched his back as he moved away, a cloud of dust and smoke enveloping him as he kicked up dust. As Kafma disappeared from sight,

Medium: […Al-chin, thank you so much. Really, thanks. You saved my life.]

Al: [Well, it’s a win-win situation. If it weren’t for your persistence, that big thing’s assault would’ve been much more lopsided. There would’ve been a lot more dead people.]

Medium: [Dead people…]

Hearing Al’s answer, Medium gently lowered her eyes.

Looking at Medium casting her gaze down with a heart-rending expression on her face, Al fiddled with the seams of his helmet’s visor with his fingers, and said,

Al: [I know you dunno what I mean, and I know it’s not much consolation, but if that kid… If Tanza hadn’t done that, we would’ve been wiped out. For sure.]

Medium: [Maybe, you know, we could’ve tried harder.]

Al: [Nah, that way wouldn’t have worked out. ――Experimenting with that went up in smoke.]

The dejected Al’s words really made no sense to Medium. However, she would have been lying if she said it was not comforting.

She understood that Al had said something for the sake of consoling Medium. So it was a genuine consolation.

Medium: [Thanks, Al-chin.]

Al: [… You’re welcome .]

The words Al responded with, once again, made no sense to Medium.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Have you finished settling your mind on what needs to be done, Yorna Mishigure?]

Yorna: […Is that, you?]

Piles of rubble, the broken remains of buildings, and an unfathomably large hole had been created in the aftermath of the fierce battle.

While Yorna stood on top of a hill, surveying the spectacle of scars that remained as a result of the Demon City of Chaosflame going to all-out war against the Great Disaster, a man appeared beneath her.

Abel, his face hidden behind an oni mask, inquired as to her feelings in a tone of voice audibly devoid of even a hint of emotion.

Unhurriedly, Abel made his way through the rubble, desiring to see the same scene as Yorna; however, without inserting any emotion into his voice he spoke,

Abel: [What I can offer you is exactly as I wrote in the missive. Let us hear your answer.]

Yorna: [Is that really what you should say when looking at this tragic scene?]

Abel: [Will comfort provide shelter, or pity a refuge? You and I both were born amongst the haves, part of those who chose their duty. As such, a second from us is not of equivalent value to a second from others.]

Yorna: [――――]

To not wish for comfort, nor for sympathy; he was someone who had chosen that way of being.

Understanding that, Yorna held back from rebelling against his attitude. Most importantly, Yorna would gain nothing by antagonizing him here for emotional reasons.

Yorna: [I’ve already lost too much today.]

Abel: [The city, its citizens. It would be a mistake to add the time you took postponing this matter to those.]

Yorna: [She was, Tanza.]

Abel: [――――]

Yorna: [The beloved child who sacrificed herself to save us at the end… Her name was Tanza.]

With these words, Yorna pulled out the obidome from her kimono and showed it to Abel. [1]

Abel threw her a sidelong glance as she scrubbed it in a circular motion, questioning her intentions mutely. The outer corner of Yorna’s eyes lowered slightly due to that questioning gaze,

Yorna: [This obidome was fashioned from the horns of that girl’s older sister. When mourning over her sister’s corpse, Tanza made it for me… and aside from that…]

Abel: [――――]

Yorna: [Both these hairpins and kanzashi are tributes from my beloved children. These are the marks of those children who have been driven away from their homes, those children who have nothing, and gave of themselves to repay me.]

The colorful ornaments, the hairpins, the kanzashi were all tributes from the residents of the Demon City.

Some had removed their scales, some had gathered feathers, some had polished their horns and fangs, only to then offer them to Yorna, their way of life and gratitude giving them form.

To Yorna, they were more valuable than any precious gem and treasure, and for having been given such things, she felt that she had to live up to their love.

And yet――,

Yorna: [I cannot afford to make any more mistakes in my promises…]

Abel: [――. Sooner or later, the departed Vincent Vollachia and his group shall begin moving. They shall not make a move here given the situation, but it is only a matter of time. There is no time to spare.]

Yorna: [What will you do regarding the place where my children go to?]

Abel: [We shall have no choice but to use the Fortress City as a base at first. Along the way, we shall seize other towns and add them to our banner. With you and the inhabitants of the Demon City, it is possible.]

With the loss of the Demon City’s faculties, it was necessary to find a place to receive its stranded residents.

Abel’s proposal was a forceful, absurd thing that forced the unreasonable upon others. But Yorna had similar priorities. To save those she loved, that was Yorna.

And aside from that――,

Yorna: [Are you sure you’re truly prepared to fulfill my wish that was in your missive?]

Abel: [I do not intend to speak of it twice. However, you must ponder it over carefully.]

Yorna: [Ponder it over…]

Abel: [Which do you prioritize, your long-held wish or your own “love”?]

With Abel, whose emotions were not visible, Yorna could not tell whether his words, or rather what seemed to be his advice, were given out of favorability or unfavorability.

But Yorna, struck by his words, pulled a kiseru from her belt, fixed its crooked tip with her finger, set it alight, and let the purple smoke waft out.

Below, Yorna’s loved ones were probing the broken city, gathering their lives, the parts that sustained them, preparing for what would follow.

It was up to Yorna to give them shelter, and be the light to show them the path towards tomorrow.

To give Abel the benefit of the doubt, and drag Vincent Vollachia―― no, the fake who acted as him, off the throne, and make him fulfill the promise in his missive.

And on the contents of promises to be fulfilled――,

Yorna: [――Shouldn’t it be that parents die first, Tanza?]

And so, the beloved child who had decided her own destiny vanished, just like the purple smoke in the fleeting wind.

△▼△▼△▼△

As she observed the purple smoke rising from a distance, she greeted the man in the oni mask as he walked out from underneath it.

The one being received, Abel, gave a small snort at the sight of Taritta standing stock-still there,

Abel: [If you are preoccupied with the leg you shot through, then it is nothing more than just needless worry. The wound has already begun to heal. It shall recover fully by tomorrow.]

Taritta: […I’m glad for that . It’s not what I was worried about though .]

Abel: [Ho?]

As Abel had stated, no physical discomfort was visible in Yorna’s posture as she stood on the hill. Her kimono and disheveled hair, seen from the back, let off a sense of exhaustion, but her right leg, shot through with an arrow, gave off a different aura.

That in and of itself was possibly a benefit of the secret arts she manipulated. However, the result of inflicting the wound was heavier than the wound itself.

Of course, Taritta was well-aware of that weight.

Taritta: [――――]

At that last moment, having been entrusted with a choice, Taritta herself had left the decision to an arrow.

If she were to follow Mariuli’s commandment as a Stargazer, Taritta should have shot Abel through the heart with that arrow. It was true that this was the most promising possibility among Taritta’s options, although it was hard to imagine what sort of causality would lead this to quell the Great Disaster.

But considering that Mariuli, who was so dear to her, had turned into an existence unbeknownst to her, solely obeying the stars, it was a decision not any different to one of cutting one’s own life short.

――At the very end, that was the one point that had made Taritta settle on that decision.

Taritta detested the stars that had changed Mariuli. Thus, she did not follow the stars.

Perhaps just following the commandment would have meshed well with Taritta’s personality, someone comfortable with being told what to do, with being shown the way, with being at the beck and call of others.

However, the meeting between Taritta and the stars had been a bad one.

If the stars had spoken to Taritta from the beginning instead of Mariuli, Taritta may have lived for the stars. But that was not what had happened.

Therefore――,

Taritta: [――At that moment, I pushed the back of that deergirl who ran without hesitation .]

As a result, the girl somehow gave birth to the light that would then destroy the Great Disaster from within.

In exchange, the young girl’s life vanished, and the amount of damage done to the land where the Demon City once stood was not negligible. It was possible to declare, however, that she had been able to protect that which she wished to protect.

Abel: [Yet in spite of that, you do not appear so pleased.]

Taritta: […I was right , wasn’t I ? Not following the commandment, and not shooting you .]

Abel: [As if I, in the position of the one not being shot, would tell you that you should have taken the shot. How correct or wrong your decision was, is not in the scope of the things I should speak of either. As clichéd as it may sound, the rightness of your choice can only be proven by your own actions later on.]

Taritta: […Those words , I don’t think they belong to you .]

Abel: [Correct. From “Iris and the King of Thorns”… A quote from a classic.]

Having spoken of a matter Taritta did not understand, Abel shook his head sideways, stating “You needn’t comprehend it”.

He then surveyed Taritta from top to bottom,

Abel: [You may possess some trepidation even now, but you seem to have gotten over it to some extent. Now, what shall you do?]

Taritta: [I don’t know for sure . I just want to go back to that city and have a conversation with my sister and my people . I would like to talk to the daughter of my already-late soul sister .]

Abel: [A soul sister, which left a commandment to you, huh… That clarification as to why you yourself are not a Stargazer does make sense now. An increasingly abominable bunch.]

Taritta: [ Abominable …]

Abel: [You are not who I was speaking of. I understand your general plan.]

Abel turned his head around in response to Taritta’s mutterings.

A large number of people marched into the streets that had become ruins, gathering household goods that had escaped damage, as well as materials that could be used for some purpose, and began prioritizing what was needed in order to stay alive.

Taritta was struck by the resilience of the way of life held by those from the Demon City.

Recalling the origins of the Demon City, they were probably accustomed to being persecuted, oppressed, and losing. Even taking that into account, that was.

However――,

Taritta: [Those people , are you going to drag them into your fight ?]

Abel: [Indeed.]

Involuntarily, Taritta felt daunted due to that short, definitive answer.

There was no hesitation; Abel observed the people trying their best in the devastated land, yet stayed consistent with his original purpose in coming to Chaosflame, putting his heels together with a noise.

Then――,

???: [――Though Abel-chan’s opinion might be right, I wonder if the people around him are gonna obey so quietly. Even the foxbabe might have a hard time being on our side emotionally, right?]

While expressing a reasonable opinion, Al joined Abel and Taritta.

He had been out of sight for some time, but judging from the way he had set his familiar helmet back on his head and languidly walked toward them, it seemed that something aside from his normal size had been recovered.

At Al’s side was Medium, who looked up at Abel with her round blue eyes,

Medium: [I feel the same way as Al-chin. I’d be happy if Yorna-chan was on our side, but after what happened with Tanza-chan and the city, I’m not sure she would want to be a part of this…]

Abel: [Are you saying that Yorna Mishigure shall not follow us, those who have brought along the existence at the center of the catastrophe? That idea is an overly sentimental one. She has already made up her mind.]

Medium: [Really? Abel-chin, you didn’t tell her something awful again?]

Abel: [Regardless of how heartless they are, I shall say what needs to be done. My intentions are clear.]

Medium’s cheeks puffed up at Abel’s refusal to deny the question she had posed.

In fact, from what Taritta’s ears had picked up, the exchange between Abel and Yorna had not been emotional, but it was far from being gentle, calm, and cuddly.

Still, the reason why Abel did not doubt Yorna’s intentions like he did was because,

Al: [You’re prepared to take advantage of Miss Yorna’s weakness… After all, if she doesn’t walk the same path as us, she can’t protect the city’s residents who’ve got nowhere else to go, right?]

Medium: [Good gracious…! Again with your heartless words, Abel-chin.]

Abel: [What other choice do they possess? The only other option remaining for them is to stick with their meaningless obstinacy and die a dog’s death.]

Medium: [There’s no other way, but there’s another way to say it! Why don’t you get that!]

Abel directed a frigid gaze towards Medium through his oni mask, the latter pressing him for an answer by raising her voice.

Taritta was fairly certain that Abel would make a callous judgement regarding Medium’s complaints, but her emotions were close to Medium’s.

However, as long as he followed the Covenant between the Emperor of the past and the People of Shudraq, Taritta was unable to abandon Abel and cut off their relationship.

The likes of allies by sentiment, held no significance on a very real battlefield.

Al: [You’re right to be angry, Lil’ Miss Medium. However, I personally don’t dislike Abel’s idea of using whatever he can. I wouldn’t have any objection if Lil’ Miss Yorna came with us just for utilitarian purposes.]

Medium: [I’m telling you, I’ve got many objections with it. I hate you too, Al-chin!]

Al: [There’s a pain in my heart from hearing that Lil’ Miss Medium hates me. That aside…]

Cutting off his sentence there, while keeping Medium, who was glaring at Abel and himself, at bay, Al cast his gaze around, turning his attention toward the large hole in the center of the demolished area.

Once that movement captured Taritta and the others’ attention, and, turning to it as well, he voiced,

Al: [Let’s talk about one of ours.――About bro.]

Everyone: [――――]

As Al broached the topic, the parched air grew tenser ever so slightly.

It was a topic that they all knew must be talked about, but at the same time, it was a topic that they were all feeling a bit uncomfortable about, wondering what to say.

At any rate――,

Medium: [Subaru-chin, where have you gone…?]

Medium’s somber muttering spoke of a damage of smaller proportions wrought by the Great Disaster.

Compared to the fact that one of the larger cities the Empire took pride in had completely disappeared, and the fact that the lives of two Emperors had been endangered, that damage could perhaps be said to be quite trivial.

However, for the group that came to the Demon City, it was damage that could not be overlooked.

Medium: [Yorna-chan said that the shadows overflowed from Subaru-chin.]

Al: [Old Man Olbart said that as well. He was smiling even though his right hand was gone. As someone with a long history of having one arm, it was unbelievable.]

Taritta: [The old man’s attitude , you mean ? Or was it what he said ?]

Al: [It’s frustrating, but here, it’s the attitude. As to what he was saying, I’m certain it’s true.]

With a click of his tongue, Al said that he trusted Olbart’s testimony.

Taritta also did not have a good impression of the monstrous old man, but it was also true that he had no reason to lie. As long as what he had stated matched up with what Yorna said, it was probably true.

Suddenly, what came to Taritta’s mind was the memory of Mariuli’s last will and testament, “A traveler, with dark hair, and dark eyes”.

Upon first sighting Subaru in the forest and aiming for his life, there had been no doubt in her mind about him. Later, once she learned of Abel’s existence and identity, him being trapped in the village, she believed that she had misjudged her opponent without a doubt, but――,

Taritta: [What if …]

What if it had been Subaru, and not Abel, the one responsible for the Great Disaster foreseen by Mariuli as the Stargazer?

That could be why the Great Disaster had overflowed with Subaru at the center.

Such doubts kept nagging at Taritta’s heart.

Abel: [There is one thing we must unify our views on.]

Taritta’s anguish was put aside as Abel held up a finger at the center of the group.

Having caught their attention, Abel surveyed the faces of Medium, Al, and Taritta respectively, then declared,

Abel: [From your way of speaking, that thing’s… Natsuki Subaru’s survival is not something you hold doubts on. Do you believe in earnest that he survived that wretched scene?]

Medium: [――Hk, of course! Him dying’s something…]

Abel: [Do not say anything such as not wanting to think about it. Even if it is difficult for you to accept, things that are meant to happen shall happen. The life and death of others walks a fine line.]

Medium: [Abel-chin…]

Abel’s matter-of-fact tone clashed head-on with Medium’s emotional insistence.

As for Taritta, her sentiments here, too, leaned towards Medium. But she was not hopeful that Subaru could have survived, as he had been at the heart of this catastrophe.

Perhaps, it was because her daily life was spent hunting, coming into contact with the life and death of living beings.

The People of Shudraq were brave warriors, but even routine hunts were deadly. Sometimes, beasts would fight back in their death throes, and her companions would lose their lives.

People died. Easily. Whether those people were important or not made zero difference.

Taritta: [ Unfortunately , Subaru…]

Al: [Bro’s alive.]

Medium: [――Al-chin!]

Shaking her head, Taritta tried to express her condolences. But her statement was interrupted by Al’s words full of conviction; hearing them made Medium’s face light up.

Naturally, Abel turned his eyes, which seemed to be in a foul mood, towards Al,

Abel: [Clown, how can you be so sure of his survival?]

Al: [Plain and simple, it’s ‘cause Natsuki Subaru’s that kinda guy. Or rather…]

Abel: [Rather?]

Al: [The world hasn’t been destroyed. That’s my basis.]

Taritta could not fully stomach the rationale and the logic that Al laid out. It seemed the same went for Medium, who also tilted her head with a look of incomprehension.

Abel too, cut him down in one go, telling him to “Quit being a fool” verbatim,

Abel: [I do not possess the leisure to listen to your nonsense. If you wish to be a clown, do it around Priscilla.]

Al: [I’d love to do just that, but unfortunately the Princess ain’t here. Speaking of that unfortunate fact, I’d like to ask the same of you, Abel-chan.]

Abel: [What is it.]

Al: [What do you think, Abel-chan? Do you believe bro’s dead?]

Touching the chin of his helmet, Al inquired Abel as to the latter’s thoughts. His opinion, however, seemed to be set in stone. He was the one who had originally started the questioning in such a tone, questioning their sanity for believing Subaru was still alive.

Naturally, for him, the belief that Subaru, who had been within the Great Disaster, had survived――.

Abel: [――Since that was not the Great Disaster, a role for him to fulfill remains. If he possesses the ability for that purpose, it would be premature to assume he is dead.]

Taritta: [Huh…]

Medium: [Abel-chin!?]

But what Abel actually declared was the opposite of what Taritta had expected.

The answer made Taritta become speechless, and even Medium, who should have obtained the answer she was looking for, rounded her eyes in surprise.

However, Abel, not meeting the gazes of Taritta and the others, turned his body immediately after, and slowly walked away from that place.

Glancing at each other’s faces, Taritta and Medium then followed him. Al followed the backs of those three as well, leaning his head in befuddlement.

Medium: [Abel! What do you mean, explain already!?]

Abel: [What is it you need an explanation for?]

Medium: [Everything! You were talking like Subaru-chin was dead until just a moment ago, that’s why.]

Abel: [I just said that, if you believe he survived, you need to present me with an argument other than an emotional one. I do believe he has a reason for surviving. That is why I think he survived. End of story.]

Medium: [~~Hk!]

Abel’s answer bereft of kindness made Medium go red in the face, and express her dissatisfaction. That, too, bore no effect at all on Abel; he did not even glance back.

Abel’s feet, with the three of them in tow, finally stopped after walking for a while. They did so right in front of the gargantuan hole made by the now-scattered Great Disaster, where the Demon City once stood.

And there――,

???: [Uau…]

There, crouched at the edge of the hole, was a small girl―― Louis, hanging down her head.

Her white clothes were completely stained with mud, and she was feebly shoveling soil with her bare hands. Her hands were filthy from the dirt, but it was also noticeable that they had been stained red due to the bleeding of her broken fingernails.

Medium: [Louis-chan…!]

In a panic, Medium rushed up to Louis and embraced the girl from behind; even with Medium’s embrace, Louis’s hands still would not stop.

Pawing away at the ground, or pushing aside debris, the girl kept searching for something. ――No, not something.

Taritta: [She’s looking for Subaru …]

Al: [For better or for worse, I guess… Tch, it doesn’t leave a good taste.]

As they watched the back of the petite Louis, Taritta and Al each exhaled their own thoughts.

Unbeknownst to Taritta, Al’s attitude toward Louis had become terribly irritated. However, Al had been the one to protect Louis from the final strike, the one that blew away the Great Disaster. So Taritta could not quite decipher the relationship between the two in that regard.

Prodding into it now probably would not make anyone happy. She had a vague idea, but Taritta acted as she had not listened to the topic that had been delved into.

Abel: [Stop it already. Digging through the dirt and looking underneath the rubble shan’t help you find what you are looking for.]

Louis: [U… Aau!]

As Louis was hugged by Medium, Abel stood behind her. Turning her head to see the gaze of the oni mask directed at her, Louis made a face that was not quite one of anger, nor one of sorrow.

It seemed to be both condemning Abel and appealing for him to not stop her.

Abel did not care if it was the former, and even if it were the latter, it would reach deaf ears. So, he cocked his chin in the direction of the large pit to Louis’s side――,

Abel: [Discovering him shall require much effort of you. At the very least, he will not emerge even if you paddle through the dirt alone. ――Furthermore, you are not even aware of where he was blown off to.]

Louis: [Au! Aau! Uauua!]

Abel: [You may search like the simpleton you are, but you shall never find him. You would do good to recognize that.]

Louis: [Uu! Uuuu!]

Abel’s cold-blooded words caused Louis to turn red and open her mouth in vehement protest.

From her vigor and look of anger, it was evident that she would never give up looking for Subaru, and that she was keen that she would find him without fail.

And then――,

Medium: [Abel-chin, is there a way to find Subaru-chin?]

Louis: [Uh, uh?]

Medium: [The way you just said it, about how Louis-chan can’t find Subaru-chin alone. Do you have a better method in mind? Or doesn’t it exist? Do you have one?]

While Medium posed a question to Abel, looking into his eyes, Louis grew more excited as Medium embraced her. As Louis’s vigor subsisted because of Medium’s words, Abel shut one eye, and,

Abel: [You are not very perceptive, but you have good instincts, don’t you? You and your brother are like two peas in a pod.]

Medium: [Of course, because big bro and I are brother and sister. More importantly, answer me properly! Is there a way to find Subaru-chin? Is there? Is there!?]

Expectations swelled, and Medium threw out the same question over and over. Sighing at Medium pitching forward, Abel paused for a beat, then added,

Abel: [It is not anything as proper as a search method. The original aim would not be to find someone who has disappeared, but to secure a pretext to stir trouble in the Imperial Capital.]

Medium: [Make it easier to understand!]

Abel: […If that plan works, you and this girl’s wish may come true. After all, the whole Empire shall search high and low for that one person.]

Taritta: [The entire Empire, looking for Subaru … you say?]

Picking up on an intriguing part of Abel’s words, Taritta’s eyebrows frowned.

Like Medium, Taritta was not the most perceptive of people. The only difference was that Medium would say out loud that she did not understand what she did not understand, while Taritta would keep it to herself.

In any case, Abel’s explanation, which he had attempted voicing in an easy-to-understand manner, was not quite grasped by Taritta due to her lack of knowledge beforehand.

However――,

Louis: [――Uau, auau?]

The intent behind those words had been only conveyed with certainty to the one whom it had been addressed to.

Louis, who had been on the verge of a violent outburst, relaxed in Medium’s arms; and, staring at a motionless Abel, she cast a question without the use of language.

In response, Abel nodded, voicing “Of course”. Although, he probably did not know its exact meaning.

Al: [So what are we gonna do? How can we implement this plan to find bro?]

Abel: [Nothing so difficult, just spread the word.]

Medium: [――――]

Abel responded to Al’s question, and Medium glared sharply at him again. Then, Abel sighed, as if anticipating the hounding that would follow from Medium, and resumed.

Resumed with――,

Abel: [――That Vincent Vollachia’s illegitimate son, a black-haired, black-eyed abomination, is seeking his father’s position. Precisely like a reenactment of “Magrizza’s Guillotine”.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――On the same day, at the same time, in a certain place.

???: [――Hk . ]

They forcibly pushed their soaking wet body up, pulling themselves nearer to ground, to which their fingers were just barely clinging to. There would be no returning if they were to let go of this feeling, even for a moment.

This person was literally in a struggle to the death―― no, more like, in a struggle for their life.

The pitch-black water, which offered no refuge, sapped away their body temperature and stamina something fierce, so many times making them feel like they would breathe their last. They were unable to distinguish whether this was a dream or reality.

They felt as if they had been bitten over and over again by a large fish lurking beneath the water. They felt like they had drowned, all the while tasting blood, the inside of their lungs being filled with acrid water, unable to breathe. There may have been some times in which they had passed out from a hypothermia or lack of stamina, their life being snuffed out amidst sleep.

And so, while repeating that, piling that up, floundering, like so, finally they――,

???: [Bah, bwaaah…]

They forced their body up onto the shore while coughing out water they had swallowed. This was tough, anguishing, and heavy. From the bottom of their heart, they wished that they could utilize both of their hands to make things easier. However, they could not do so.

Opposite to their right hand, which had clasped the shore, wrapped around their left arm, there was something which they could never let go of.

They had failed over and over before they had understood its identity. They had ended up letting go.

However, once they understood what it was, they absolutely could never release it. And so they had piled up so, so many mistakes; and yet, they had not given up――,

???: [――――]

Before they did so to themselves, they pushed the one wrapped around their left arm up onto the shore.

Though small in size, they were still heavy. The fact that the one doing the carrying was not in perfect condition, and that neither of them were dressed for swimming, was unfortunate.

Even more so regarding her, since she was wearing a kimono , and those had more cloth to them than normal clothing. Meaning, it would soak up more water.

They hoped she would forgive them for removing some of her kimono enroute, to make her lighter.

Something had also sharply dug into their flank and nape upon pulling her towards themselves. The reason for that, had been the splendid antlers sprouting from her head. ――With this pain, they would prefer that she would interpret this as putting the two of them even.

All that was left was――,

???: [Uh, guh…!]

They pushed the girl up to the shore, and now all that remained was to muster the last of their strength, and get themselves onto the coast as well.

However, perhaps because the thread of tension was cut once the girl had been put on the waterfront, they were incapable of procuring that last strength to muster, and their hands only clawed fruitlessly at dry land.

Their wavering head and the ringing in their ears chided them, conveying to them that they could not remain as they were.

It was the omen of their consciousness fading. And losing their consciousness here, meant death.

If the tension were cut, and their willpower to accomplish anything were severed, they would be stuck repeating dream and reality to obtain this luck once again.

Anything but that , they thought, struggling in earnest more, and more, and more, as to revive their consciousness.

Their consciousness, grew faint. Eventually, their hand let go of the shore――,

???: [――Oops, careful.]

At that moment, as they loosened their hold on the shore, and once again sunk into the water, someone held onto that hand.

Firm, slender fingers gripped their wrist, pulling their plummeting body up onto the coast. Their face rose from within the water as they gasped for air, and right before losing consciousness, they looked at the other person.

Just who was it that had caught their hand, however――,

???: [Nah, let’s not have that. You’re on the verge of losing consciousness at any moment, right? That’d be a tad shoddy if so. Having gotten this chance, I’d rather kick things off in a more dramatic fashion.]

Of all things, the hand opposite to the one holding onto them came to cover their eyes as they attempted to get a look at the other. What they observed, was no more than the wrinkles of the other person’s palm.

The hand of an unknown someone with palm lines that were unusually long. [2]

With that as the last thing they saw, their consciousness, faded away――,

???: [However, nice job swimming all the way here! Really, such a strange coincidence, walking wherever the wind took me got me here! My my my my, real nice, isn’t it!?]

Caught by their fading consciousness, that cheerful voice accompanied them all the way until its end.

That voice, almost akin to a high-spirited thunderclap.

???: [――Don’t you just get the feeling that a grand tale’s gonna begin?]

With that unanswerable question, their consciousness―― Natsuki Subaru’s consciousness, was lost without answering.

Translation notes:

[1] Obidome (帯止め) are accessories worn on the string that ties a kimono. It is said that these accessories were first used by geisha (traditional Japanese prostitutes), an architype on which Yorna is inspired by, before becoming wide-spread. For more information, see https://www.japanese-wiki-corpus.org/culture/Obidome.html .

[2] This is a double entendre, as “生命線” can mean something like “a factor that makes the difference between life and death” and the lines in one’s palm.

--- Chapter 54B: Covering the Blue Sky ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The piercing blue sky cast a majestic gaze down on the activities of the people beneath.

Brilliantly twinkling white sun, big white clouds flowing slowly.

A lukewarm breeze caressed their neck and ruffled their pale blue hair, as they breathed deeply and quietly.

Feeling the world with their entire body, realizing that they were part of it.

It was a quite pretentious phrase, and it felt as if someone had spoken an exceedingly difficult thing. However, having been told that this was what was required of them at the moment, they put it in practice first, and cast doubt on it later.

They had requested to be taught on their own volition, to boot. These were still the early days as well. Their temperament was not so short as to make them resign from those lessons.

Although――,

???: […I cannot lie about my impatience.]

Gently placing their hand on their own chest, they awaited the inhaled air to exert its power within the lungs.

They could not quite tell whether this feeling would nurture them from inside. It was frustrating, and it made them feel hateful of their own petty nature to seek instant gratification.

――No, maybe it was not that it was in their nature to desire immediate results, but the reason was rather the situation they were placed in.

Not their own, but that of someone not present, who was endeavoring to fulfill their role elsewhere――,

???: [――Ah! There you are!]

And then, a voice called out behind them to their quiet meditating backs, reminding them of the breath they had been holding. As they exhaled the air that had built up in their chest, they looked back, seeing a small figure running up to them.

It was a young boy with fluffy, pink hair. He was such a precarious child with a lovely face, cherry-red cheeks, and dazzling white bare legs in short trousers.

The boy, who looked about eleven or twelve years old, smiled as he made his approach.

Boy: [Priscilla-sama wants to see you! I would like you to come with me!]

???: [I understand. Thank you very much for taking the trouble, Schult-san.]

Schult: [Absolutely not! This was not something that would merit such gratitude.]

Carrying himself modestly, his cheeks being dyed by delight, the corners of the boy’s―― of Schult’s mouth slackened due to the circumstances.

But the matter he had brought along was an errand. The two could not just keep talking and smiling with that in mind.

On that note, he tensed his relaxed cheeks and nodded with a small exhale, and then――,

???: [So, shall we go together?]

Schult: [Yes, of course! I will join you, Rem-san!]

Bouncing up and down, Schult saluted them with a hand to his head, and the girl―― Rem, somewhat surprised by Schult’s vigor, nodded, and the two of them headed towards the one who had beckoned her.

Towards Priscilla Barielle, Rem’s provisional master in the Fortress City of Guaral.

△▼△▼△▼△

The fall of the Fortress City of Guaral―― About ten days had passed since that terribly absurd operation had been carried out, resulting in the capture of the city with minimal human casualties.

Fortunately, there was little chaos in the city, much thanks to the ability of Zikr Osman, commander of the Imperial Soldiers, and the leadership of Mizelda, whose influence did not diminish even after handing over the role of Chieftain to her sister.

The presence of those two exercised authority on those endowed with military might, preventing disorder and tragedy from occurring beforehand.

Of course, not only those able to fight were present in the city.

Rather, the overwhelming majority of those present would be the townspeople, who were divorced from any martial matters. However, even if they did not fight for a living, Guaral’s townspeople were still very much in the thick of the action.

Initially, reports of strong contempt for Zikr and the Imperial Soldiers had been rife, as they had been deprived of real authority after the City Hall had been taken over with little to no fight.

However, such complaints by the townspeople were soon drowned out.

That was because――,

Priscilla: [It is the custom of the Empire to follow the strong. It should have been obvious to everyone that my actions were more righteous than those of people who only parlor.]

Rem: [That’s…]

Priscilla: [Those are the words of those unworthy of being heard, or perhaps of those who bow their head, bearing the tempest, crying aloud when the wind ceases, demanding that their abodes be repaired. Is the word of such a person worth anything?]

Rem: [No matter how you slice it, that sort of extreme is unfair in my opinion.]

It was not merely a simple standpoint, but a way of speaking of someone that looked down at another party from a higher position. In response to this way of sealing off one’s escape route, Rem calmly retorted in response.

There was a pause before her answer, and then arrived a slight scoff,

Priscilla: [You insult me as a coward? I see, you are quite daring, Rem.]

Rem: [It would be reckless if my life were at stake. But Priscilla-san isn’t someone that short-tempered.]

Priscilla: [You dare measure me by your own standards?]

Rem: [Because I don’t have anything else to measure others with, for starters.]

Crimson eyes stared her down, yet Rem steadfastly refuted it.

For Rem, who had lost her memories and had no real past, every thing she saw was new, every action she took was an unknown experience.

To dread something that may incur Priscilla’s displeasure as a result, would mean being unable to take a step forward. What was certain to her current self, whose existence had begun approximately twenty days prior―― was that, for these last few days, Rem had been able to spend time with the woman in front of her without losing spirit.

Therefore――,

Priscilla: [Hmph, what a petulant thing to say. What an uncute girl.]

Stating so, she buried the hatchet, not betraying Rem’s expectations.

Albeit Priscilla operated in absurd ways for reasons beyond Rem’s understanding occasionally, her impression of Priscilla was basically that she was a rational woman who kept her boisterous remarks to herself.

Priscilla sat upon a luxurious chair, resting her chin upon her hand, with a book open in her lap. She appeared quite picturesque, behaving as if she were the master of this palace, or perhaps mansion, albeit this was only a temporary abode.

Priscilla, currently sojourning in the Fortress City, had seized the largest mansion in the city, leisurely spending her days there. The mansion was, barring the City Hall, the largest building in the city; a luxurious waste of space that could accommodate twenty to thirty people.

Of course, there had been some protest from the original owners of the mansion regarding the seizure, but it was settled in the way of the Empire―― the way of barbarism, accompanied by some shedding of blood.

In other words, for each side to force the acceptance of their claim, the use of force――,

Rem: [――――]

Quickly, Rem directed her gaze to one corner of the room.

In the room where Priscilla had summoned and gathered those in a position of servant, another person aside from Rem and the smiling Schult was present as well.

This man was the one who had brandished a sword in the “duel” over the management of the mansion.

Rem: [Heinkel-san.]

Heinkel: […What.]

Rem: [No, it seemed like you were looking at me in some kind of meaningful way, so I thought something was wrong.]

The man who responded to Rem’s call in a low voice made a sullen face due to the repeated questions. With that, he scratched his own red hair wildly,

Heinkel: [It’s no big deal. I was simply stunned that you were such a reckless girl, talking to Miss Priscilla like that.]

Rem: [After being called daring, I am now reckless, is that so? But that really isn’t the case…]

Heinkel: [It just looked that way to me. Don’t be petty about it.]

With a small click of his tongue, the man waved his hand, scratching his head at Rem’s answer.

The man with fiery red hair, a well-built, tall figure, and looks whose innate manliness became spoiled by his stubble, was a man named Heinkel, one of Priscilla’s subordinates.

After Priscilla had arbitrarily decided to remain in the Fortress City of Guaral, Heinkel and Schult flew in from their original headquarters. Together with the man in the helmet―― with Al, they made up Priscilla’s followers.

Schult: [Of course, Rem-sama’s also one of us now!]

Heinkel: [Don’t decide that on your own whim, pipsqueak. This woman is friends with one of Miss Priscilla’s enemies. Not only is she not on our side, but she’s also a potential enemy.]

Schult: [Ehhh!? Rem-sama, you were our enemy!?]

Rem: [Ehhm, that’s on hold.]

His perfectly round eyes widening in surprise, Rem responded to a panicking Schult raising a commotion.

Heinkel’s way of putting things was extreme, but that Rem’s position was complicated was something that could not be denied. Rem, having lost her memories, lacked the awareness and the information to confirm her affiliation.

Of course, that which contributed most to establishing Rem’s tenuous standing was――,

Rem: […Him.]

She knew that that black-haired boy’s presence―― Natsuki Subaru’s presence, someone who had left the Fortress City to fulfill his appointed role, was something that brought certainty to Rem’s vague position.

However, Rem’s feelings were that she could not lend an ear to his words, nor accept them so meekly.

The reason as to why Rem could not accept his actions and words, was the horrific Miasma that surrounded Subaru’s entire body―― No, right now, that was not the sole reason.

The Miasma certainly did hinder Rem from taking Subaru at face-value, but she had already recognized that there was nothing deceptive or malicious in neither his words nor his deeds.

The reason for not accepting him so docilely, was that Rem’s own foundation was unstable.

Who she was and what kind of relationship she had with Natsuki Subaru and the others, she wondered.

If she were unable to face it, Rem’s frozen time and halted feet could not move forward.

Although Rem wanted to face Subaru in order to solidify her existence, in order to face Subaru, she had to solidify her own existence.

It was already a dilemma, akin to being lost in a maze with no way out.

Priscilla: [You appear to be experiencing plenty of turmoil. The crease between your eyebrows is clear evidence of that.]

Rem: [That… is true. I’m trying to put Priscilla-san’s advice into practice, but…]

Priscilla: [What is it?]

Rem: [Priscilla-san’s conversations are always so difficult to understand.]

Her eyes cast downwards, a Rem bearing shame explained that she herself was the reason for her own ignorance.

Speaking in riddles, Priscilla’s choice of words was esoteric and difficult to understand. More importantly, Priscilla was quick-witted, and on top of that, she rarely held any consideration for others.

The nature she possessed pretty much resembled that held by Abel―― Or perhaps it should be rephrased as them having the same nature, rather than them being similar. Perhaps both Priscilla and Abel would be displeased if this were to be mentioned, so Rem would not bother bringing it up.

Heinkel: [Advice? What are you talking about, advice? Miss Priscilla advises this woman?]

Schult: [Yes, Heinkel-sama. I am aware of it! Rem-sama is studying with Priscilla-sama! And she takes care of Priscilla’s personal needs, just like me!]

Heinkel: [Oi, oioioi, are you out of your mind, Miss Priscilla? What’s in it for us? You’re just helping our enemies grow.]

Heinkel, who had not been told the details of the situation, was left blindsided upon learning of the Contract between Rem and Priscilla.

Striding up to Priscilla on the podium and pointing to Rem, he then opened his mouth,

Heinkel: [I thought you were just keeping them close to you as a lackey… So that they could give out information on their Camp. Going out of your way entirely to simply be in an unfavorable position, there’s a limit to games…]

Priscilla: [Silence, simpleton. Do you intend to order me around?]

Heinkel: [Guh…]

Priscilla: [I have dealt you a number of painful blows, but you are a man who never learns, are you not? My hands are not free to beat you. Because their task is to turn the page of this book.]

Tracing the cover of the book on her lap, Priscilla announced that to Heinkel with a glare.

There was no specific anger in Priscilla’s voice, but Heinkel gasped in reaction, as if he had been confronted with a sword, taking a step or two backward.

Rem felt that Heinkel’s fear was too exaggerated.

Of course, she had witnessed Priscilla’s prowess and swordsmanship defeat one of the Empire’s mightiest warriors, one of the Nine Divine Generals, with her very own eyes. Even ignoring that fact, Rem felt on her very skin that Priscilla was a woman of unparalleled power.

However――,

Rem: [I don’t think Heinkel-san is that far below her, though…]

But Rem needed to preface, that this was just from her point of view.

However, during the seizure of this mansion, with a swordsman representing the owner of the mansion as his opponent, Heinkel had triumphed without dispossessing him of his life by snatching away his sword before he could do anything about it.

His pure fighting spirit, and his superior swordsmanship, were such that even if the Imperial Soldiers in the area were to gang up on him, they would be no match to him.

Nevertheless, Heinkel’s fear seemed to be the pinnacle of overreaction.

That said, Rem was an amateur, even at being “herself”. The strong may have a way of looking at things in the world that was impossible for Rem to grasp.

Anyway――,

Priscilla: [Setting my eyes on this girl is merely a whim. But it was also on my whim that I picked up Schult starving to death in a barren land, and that I summoned you when bloodied from your fruitless efforts.]

Schult: [Yes! I was saved thanks to Priscilla-sama’s good mood! I was very lucky!]

Heinkel: [Are you really fine with that…?]

Rapping her finger on the cover of the book, Priscilla declared that it all was dependent on her mood. Rem was overwhelmed, almost in shock because of those words, while Schult happily boasted of his good fortune.

Heinkel, too, seemed to be spared from the fear he’d had until then, but some wariness yet lingered in his eyes as he looked toward Rem.

Perhaps he was the one with the most straightforward view of things.

Rem: [So, Priscilla-san, what is your reason for calling all of us?]

Priscilla: [Hmm.]

Rem: [If it’s just about looking after your person, why not just me or Schult-san? There’s no reason I can think of for Heinkel-san being here as well.]

In terms of division of responsibilities, Rem and Schult were plenty capable of sharing the care of Priscilla’s daily life at the mansion. Rem had become quite accustomed to living with a cane and simple household chores were of no worry to her.

Perhaps, she did something such as partaking in these duties before.

Since the work was divided in such a way, there was no reason for Heinkel being there.

If she were to go even further――,

Rem: [What exactly does Heinkel-san do… I only see him swinging his sword, drinking, or playing with Schult-san.]

Heinkel: […I’m telling you, I don’t remember playing with that pipsqueak.]

Schult: [That is correct! Heinkel-sama often takes care of me, but it is me who has been approaching him because I want to! Heinkel-sama always seems to be lonely when he is alone, so I thought I would make sure he does not get lonely…]

Rem: [Oh, I see, Schult-san is very kind.]

Schult: [Hehehe.]

The question that had arisen in her mind was resolved, and Rem gently stroked Schult’s curly-haired head. There was a strange charm about Schult that made Rem want to pet him like this.

Of those within the city, Rem also wanted to pet Utakata, who would come by every now and then.

Perhaps, she simply wanted to dote on younger people though.

Heinkel: [Eh, shit, I can’t keep up with you. Miss Priscilla! Just answer the question now. If you don’t need me, I’ll be at the tavern…]

Priscilla: [――It is about time for those who have left this city to arrive at the Demon City.]

Heinkel: [Ah…]

Priscilla: [If circumstances were to change, the likelihood that this opportunity would be made the most of is high. Do not lower your guard.]

The humidity in the air changed as Priscilla spoke this, resting her cheek upon her hand on the armrest.

The parched, stale air was a sign that attention had been correctly applied to Priscilla’s words; Heinkel’s expression sharpened, and Rem felt as if she had been prodded in the chest.

Only Schult, Rem’s hand on his head still, had shown appreciation for the group who had embarked on a long journey, saying, “Al-sama, thank you for your efforts~”.

Rem: [――――]

If circumstances were to change , was what Priscilla had prefaced her statement with. But at least for Subaru and the others who had departed, it would bring about definite changes, both good and bad.

Negotiating with the only potential ally―― this negotiation would certainly determine Abel’s decisions from henceforth.

Heinkel: [This whole thing about, this opportunity being made the most of… Miss Priscilla, is there something particular that you noticed?]

Priscilla: [No, it is nothing so concrete. It is merely a rule of thumb of mine.]

Heinkel: [Rule of thumb, is it? What is that supposed to…]

Priscilla: [When great things move, they move all at once, as if the quietness that had prevailed up to that point were a lie. It is as if by design, all at once, akin to lined-up building blocks falling down in a row.]

There was a kind of ineffable compelling force in Priscilla’s indifferent manner of speaking.

Ultimately, it was a singular point about not letting one’s guard down, yet Rem took a deep breath and looked down to regard her feet again. If she were to get hung up about Subaru and the others so much as to neglect what was close to her, that would be like putting cart before the Galewind Horse.

To begin with, putting something such as getting hung up over Subaru into words yet again made her realize just how unpleasant the situation was.

Rem: [Whether he’s around or not, he’s a troublesome person…]

Schult: [Rem-sama? Is everything fine? Your face is somewhat red.]

Rem: [It’s okay. Something was just surging within me. I was seething, angry.]

Schult: [It is not good to be angry! Rem-sama looks wonderful when she is smiling~!]

The corners of Rem’s eyes lowered due to Schult flapping his limbs and raising a potent appeal. Heinkel’s face, on the other hand, became serious after Priscilla’s admonishment,

Heinkel: [Miss Priscilla, if that’s all you want to talk about, then I’m going.]

Priscilla: [Do as you like. You are free to indulge in alcoholism or spend your time in sloth.]

Heinkel: [I’m not in the mood for booze. I’m going to go talk to the shaggy-headed commander at the City Hall.]

Answering right back with an earnest look on his face, Heinkel walked out of the room with broad steps. Seeing him off, Rem then turned to Priscilla,

Rem: [So, what is it you’re going to do, Priscilla-san?]

Priscilla: [Are you concerned about mine activities?]

Rem: [That is… a given. I don’t think that everything Priscilla does is correct, but…]

Still, Priscilla judged things with knowledge and insight that Rem did not have.

For Rem, who possessed very little, this was a valuable resource to determine what to decide next. At Rem’s remarks, which were extremely rude in a sense, Priscilla let out a laugh,

Priscilla: [So you are not planning to become a doll without a mind of its own? Well, there would not have been any meaning in having you at my side in such a case.]

Rem: [Priscilla-san?]

Priscilla: [Guessing from the answer to my question, preparations shall be laid out by that simpleton. The General and the People of Shudraq may also be used accordingly. With that, I shall…]

Rem: [Priscilla-san will…?]

With a slight gulp, Rem waited for Priscilla’s next words. Unknowingly, next to Rem, Schult also clenched his fists in anticipation, waiting for their master’s answer.

As she met the gaze of the two, Priscilla’s almond-shaped eyes narrowed, and,

Priscilla: [――Prepare a hot bath. Float the petals and burn the incense.]

Rem: […Huh?]

Priscilla: [What, do not make me say it twice. I shall take a bath. Prepare the bathhouse as soon as possible.]

With a fluttering wave of her hand, Priscilla urged Rem and Schult to hurry up.

Of course, Rem was incapable of hiding her bewilderment, letting out a “W-wha?”. But Schult saluted her in a snap,

Schult: [Understood, oh yes indeed! I will go and heat the water right away~!]

After answering cheerfully, just like that Schult ran out of the room with great energy. Seeing off his small back, Rem then turned to Priscilla.

Priscilla was still resting her chin on her hand, set to resume reading the book once again.

Priscilla: [Shall you not go? If left to Schult alone, I am sure he shall forget the plug and much hot water shall be wasted.]

Rem: [I’ll help Schult-san. It’s just, what are you thinking?]

Priscilla: [Your skepticism is also a sign of your preconceived notions. Do you regard me as this world’s Observers, who can manipulate every event at will?]

Rem: [I wouldn’t go that far, but…]

Persuaded by facts and logic, the momentum of Rem’s questioning deflated.

Priscilla scoffed at Rem’s behavior, and continued, “Listen”,

Priscilla: [Everything in this world is made for my convenience. But that does not mean that everything shall follow mine will. Such tedium is not what I desire.]

Rem: [Having everything according to your will, is tedium?]

Priscilla: [Where is the point of facing tomorrow if everything that can happen is as written? Rem, do you desire a world where everything has been over since the day you were born?]

Rem: [――――]

Upon being asked that by Priscilla, Rem shut her mouth in silence.

Priscilla’s words were again esoteric, so she barely comprehended the point of the conversation. To live one’s days as desired meant never encountering the new or the unknown.

And that, was undesirable for Priscilla.

However――,

Rem: [As someone who can’t perform many things properly, I will strongly disagree.]

Rem had seen Subaru off on his journey, remaining in the Fortress City beside Priscilla. Underlying this was a desire for the “Rem” that had been lost, and a search for a way or a chance to break free from her current inadequate self.

Priscilla’s way of enjoying what did not follow her wishes was incomprehensible to Rem, who suffered from being unable to do anything the way she wanted.

Even if that made Priscilla give up on her, regarding her as an uninteresting woman.

Priscilla: [I do not expect you to be like me, nor do I expect you to want the same thing. Do as you please.]

But Priscilla’s reaction to Rem, who was even prepared to speak out of her pathetic conviction, was unexpectedly soft.

Priscilla looked at Rem, eyes rounded in amazement, as if gazing at a helpless puppy,

Priscilla: [The world is beautiful just as it is.]

Priscilla’s quiet mutterings seemed to contain her true feelings without any compromise.

Posteriorly to thinking so, Rem dismissed the idea as ridiculous. Because if those were her true feelings without any compromise, they were far too grandiose.

Priscilla loved and cared for things far too grandiose.

Rem: [Caring for and cherishing is the exact opposite impression I get from Priscilla-san…]

Priscilla: [Did you say something?]

Rem: [No, nothing of importance…]

Rem shook her head loosely; the fuzziness in her chest had faded slightly.

Not all was clear, but that dark cloud that had just been there had disappeared. Indeed, Rem had just finished a step further into her self-analysis and――,

Schult: [W-w-w-wah~! Hot water, hot water is overflowing! I am drowning~!]

And so, they heard Schult’s urgent screams coming from the bathhouse of the mansion. Sure enough, Rem was reminded of Schult, the latter amidst an unexpected situation, and directed her face upwards.

Priscilla’s eyes meet hers, the former then jerking her white chin and commanding her, “Go”.

Rem: [I won’t move to your whim, Priscilla-san.]

Priscilla: [But you cannot ignore Schult’s screams. See, the victor is I.]

Rem’s resistance to at least not being at her mercy dissipated, as if ephemeral.

Because Schult’s safety was at stake, no further defense was raised.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Priscilla’s advice, it had with certainty driven a wedge deep into Rem’s heart.

When things moved on a grand scale, they would pay no heed to every individual puny human.

With nary a worry for those who embroiled into it, they washed over the latter much like surging waves.

Rem believed she had experienced this first-hand.

Having woken up without memories, the current Rem’s memories started in an unfamiliar place, with an unfamiliar someone holding her arm.

Running from that boy, coming across him once more, being captured by many Imperial Soldiers after that, being rescued from within the smoke and flames, she now spent her days in this city just going with the flow.

So much so that Rem believed that “turbulence” was just the word for what she had been through.

――However, the fact that even that understanding of hers was too naive was something that Rem would soon be made aware of.

Rem: [――Priscilla-san?]

Rem’s brow creased due to Priscilla, who stood up after smoothly evading her hands.

Enveloped by warm vapor, Rem was in the mansion’s bathroom, wrapped in a bath towel. The principal reason for which Priscilla had requisitioned this mansion was the existence of this splendid bathroom.

A bath that you could fill with hot water, stretch your limbs in, and be completely submerged in, seemed to have been made on the design of the mansion’s owner. Nothing in the world could replace it.

While in actuality Rem would be allowed to bathe in it only after she had finished assisting Priscilla with her own bath, she’d had such an experience with it that she could even understand Priscilla’s feelings of wanting to hog it all for herself.

At any rate, during her bath in the bathhouse, Priscilla stood up gently, distancing herself from Rem’s hands which were washing her hair, and headed towards the bathroom’s window.

Rem: [Priscilla-san, I’m still in the process of washing your body so… Ah!]

What are you trying to do , that question of Rem’s seemingly fell on deaf ears, as Priscilla, her beautiful body generously exposed, opened the bathroom’s window.

Cold open air which could not compare to the hot steam entered the bathroom, and Rem unconsciously drew in her body. However, Priscilla’s sudden actions did not stop there.

She leaned her body over the open window, and continued out towards the balcony outside the bathroom.

Rem: [W-what are you doing!? Others will see you! No matter if this is the top floor, you can’t just…]

In a rush, grabbing onto the cane and a towel, Rem pursued Priscilla who had gone outside. Draping the towel over her slender shoulders, she admonished herself for believing herself adapted to her suddenness.

However, ignoring Rem’s introspection, Priscilla with her gaze turned towards the sky、

Priscilla: [――It is the sky.]

Rem: [The sky… We’re not so high up as to be there. Come on, before the water gets cold, let’s――]

Go back in ; as she tried to pull on her arm, Rem’s movement was interrupted.

Priscilla turned around, having gently and smoothly pressed her finger onto Rem’s lips. In front of Rem whose eyes had unconsciously opened wide, Priscilla’s blood-red pupils swayed and、

Priscilla: [Look to the sky, Rem. ――It appears to be the end of this vacayshon .]

She did not understand that word, her tone had not allowed Rem to hold any doubt.

Her line of sight was simply carried up as if guided, and Rem too turned her eyes towards the sky Priscilla looked up at. Rem’s blue pupils focused so as to see the same thing Priscilla had seen.

However, the fact that she had definitely not failed to notice it, was something that she could not enthusiastically declare.

As for why――,

Rem: [That’s…]

Above the balcony, overhead from Rem and Priscilla basking in the wind, in the sky that the overly big sun was shining upon, there was a black spot of light floating there, slowly approaching.

The black spot was a single one―― Nay, two, three, slowly multiplying; as their blurry shape became more and more distinct, Rem’s throat unwittingly released a gasp.

Their numbers increasing, the true identity of the approaching black spots was――,

Priscilla: [――Hurry, and tell those below to make ready weapons. A flock of winged dragons is no laughing matter.]

Priscilla’s advice becoming more pronounced with reality, was something Rem perceived with her skin, with her soul.

△▼△▼△▼△

――At the same time, gazing at a city surrounded by tall walls from above, golden pupils narrowed.

Body entirely wrapped by the azure sky, traveling through a grand space like they owned it, an existence that cut through the wind flying next to the clouds―― This greatest of all the world’s creatures, a swarm of flying dragons.

???: [――The Fortress City of Guaral.]

Putting the target city’s name on their tongue, their seething, burning fighting spirit fired up the blood in their entire body.

Responding to that rising fighting spirit, the spirits and enthusiasm of the flying companions surrounding them increased. The sound of neighing mixed with the flapping of wings in the sky, as their anticipation for the hunting time drew near before their eyes escalated.

Whoever rebuked this as rashness, would be nothing but a shame to the hunters of the azure skies, the dragons.

Whoever did not have their blood boil from this expectation, was a coward without the qualifications to be adjacent to the white clouds.

Dragon: [――Kiryararahhh!!]

???: [Understood. Let’s do our job properly, as the senile old man said.]

The appeal rising from below their feet was the expectation displayed towards the hunt from the one who’s back they borrowed.

On the back of a flying dragon flapping its wings, the small figure of a person with arms crossed expressed their understanding of that excitement.

Sky-blue hair that met at the shoulders, and golden eyes that shone brightly. The florid dress that wrapped that seemingly dainty figure did not express in the slightest the ferociousness and savageness of that existence.

At a glance, some could even describe it as a charming appearance. However, that was only till one laid eyes on the two black horns that rested atop that figure’s head.

Even in the Vollachian Empire, where horned races were not few, laying eyes upon black horns was something that seldom―― Nay, never should come to pass.

Because that was nothing if not proof of an existence that should not be.

???: [Everyone, are you ready?]

The figure with black horns that should not be, their call beckoned innumerable neighing―― the responses of the swarm of flying dragons, of the rulers of the sky, of the uncomeatable swarm of several hundred.

With the sun at their backs, crossing the blue sky, the embodiment of ruin advanced in droves.

A catastrophe should they swoop down, shouts and screams would reverb in the air. All life would be extinguished, vanishing to naught.

Strangely, at the same time a Great Disaster laid waste to a far-off city, a catastrophe in a different form approached the city protected by a fortress.

Before the curtain call of the absolute, inescapable, cruel hunt, that existence’s golden eyes―― those of Madelyn Eschart, narrowed, her cheeks contorting into a smile.

The Flying Dragon General, Ninth of the Nine Divine Generals, having been ordered to destroy the city, passed her judgment.

Madelyn: [Tremble in fear, try and flee. You all have nowhere to run. ――For I, the dragon, have come.]

So she spoke.

--- Chapter 55B: The Cacophony of the Fortress City ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Time goes back only a little further before the attack of the winged creatures.

???: [Ugh, I messed up again… I really am no good at this…]

A boy walked down the street, shaking his head crowned with pink fluffy hair.

The boy from the city’s largest mansion―― Schult, was wearing short pants that exposed his white legs. With a sigh, Schult, looking downcast, held and opened his slender, soft, not-too-sturdy hands.

Schult, still young, had already decided that, for the rest of his life, he would only have one master.

Born in a poor village, Schult was reduced to a meager existence by the weight of the year’s tax collection, destined to starve to death on the side of the road after being evicted from his home. Hungry and thirsty, he ate mud and nearly made that the last meal of his life, but the radiantly beautiful sun came along and saved him――.

He had been saved by that way of life that scorched the whole world to the ground, and that posed as the reason why Schult existed right now.

That was why Schult sincerely hoped to devote his entire current, and future being, to his benevolent master.

And yet――,

Schult: [I hate myself for not being able to help in any way…]

With a deep sigh―― and even that sigh was weaker than the average person’s with his lung capacity as rationale, Schult’s head, chest, and heart were collectively aching due to his own inadequacy.

Recently, he had been struggling to fulfill his important master’s mandated tasks, even messing them up completely.

To fill the bathhouse with hot water was a trivial task, but the water ended up overflowing, plus the magic stone used to heat the water had been mishandled, leaving everyone in a state of confusion.

He was still a newcomer to Priscilla’s service, and that, too, had inconvenienced Rem, someone with faulty legs. And this time, he really was fed up with how pathetic he was.

Schult: [Priscilla-sama and Al-sama both tell me that I do not need to rush to change…]

He was glad for the kind Priscilla’s and open-minded Al’s intentions to console him like this.

But Schult hated himself for being unable to repay the two of them in any way. In this respect, Heinkel saw things in a distinctive manner compared to the two of them, and therefore, treated Schult differently, seemingly being more understanding of Schult.

Heinkel had also taught Schult to practice swordsmanship in a way different from how Al had done so, the former having stated that the latter’s methods did not suit Schult. Thanks to this, he felt that his biceps were more rigid than they were before.

Schult: [Heinkel-sama’s way of swinging the sword every day was better for me than Al-sama’s way of taking ten days off after one day of swinging. I can’t tell Al-sama because I do not want to disappoint him…]

Regardless, with such signs of growth, Schult was also in a bit of a rut.

And the heavens did not forgive Schult’s naivete nor his complacency. Schult reflected on the fact that this had been what led to the fiasco at the bathhouse.

By now, Rem was probably helping her master, Priscilla, bathe in the bathtub that had been refilled with hot water. Schult sincerely thought Rem could do anything and he respected her for it.

Schult: [Just like Yae-sama… Yae-sama, how are you…?]

Suddenly, the memory of a cheerful and bright maid named Yae Tenzen, who used to work for Priscilla, was revived in Schult’s mind.

She was previously in charge of Priscilla’s personal care, was always happily talking with Al and was kind to Schult; because of that, Schult was fond of her.

But one day, she had a family mishap and abruptly quit her job at the mansion to go back to the countryside. This left Schult with no time to say goodbye, making him feel quite desolate. The last one to see her off, Al, had told him to give Schult her regards. [1]

Perhaps Rem could fill Yae’s shoes as the servant closest to Priscilla.

If the kind and hardworking Rem did become that someone, Schult would be quite glad about it; she got along well with Priscilla, and he was certain Rem would enjoy it too.

Above all――,

Schult: [Everyone is so very happy when together with Priscilla-sama.]

His own personal experience underscored the magnitude of Priscilla’s presence in Schult’s mind.

Rem, too, was perhaps at a moment in her life in which she would be troubled by many things; she was often gloomy and preoccupied with her thoughts. Even if Rem carried such a gloomy, troubled face, perhaps the sun that was Priscilla would make her brighten up.

???: [ Ah , Shuu’s here .]

Schult: [Mmm! That would be me!]

With this thought in mind, Schult, who had been moving his head up and down, stopped in his tracks. The reason for that was that he had heard a familiar voice. In front of him, he saw someone pointing in his direction.

Right in front of Schult walking down the street, pointing at him, was a young girl with black hair dyed pink at the ends. Next to the girl was a young man and upon noticing Schult and the girl becoming aware of one another, he let out a cheerful “Dear me!”.

???: [Isn’t that Butler-kun there? Princess-kun’s not with you, is she?]

Schult: [Priscilla-sama is at the mansion, Flop-sama. Were you and Utakata-sama in the middle of a stroll?]

???: [It’s rare for Uu to be called sama . It’s funny .]

The young man, donning a soft smile and waving his hand―― Flop, nodded with an “Exactly” to Schult’s question. Utakata, the girl with him, also put her hand on her cheek, apparently deeply touched by the honorific Schult had given her.

Flop and Utakata were the first two people Schult had met after arriving in Guaral. According to what Schult had heard, Flop was a merchant who traveled from town to town, and Utakata was a warrior from a tribe called “The People of Shudraq”.

Both were fine people with their own places to be.

Flop: [Oh? That’s a rather depressed face you’ve got there, Butler-kun. I’m wondering if you’ve perhaps got a problem with your face.]

Schult: [Ehh!? T-that is amazing! Flop-sama understands!?]

Flop: [Oh, of course I understand! Most people have their worries! And my little sister, who may look like she has no problems at all, actually does as well!]

Utakata: [Midii didn’t seem to have troubles .]

Flop: [She does have them! Surprising, isn’t it!?]

Putting his hands on his hips, Flop opened his mouth greatly and let out a burst of laughter. Seeing Flop’s cheerful attitude, Schult also felt cheered up somewhat.

Flop, like Priscilla, was like the sun that brightened the world in their surroundings. Surely, many colorful flowers would be blooming around Flop.

Schult: [Like a prince in a field of flowers.]

Flop: [Hahaha, I’m nothing as great as a prince. I’m merely a peddler! So, Butler-kun, what sort of issue ails you? Why don’t you talk to me?]

Schult: [Are you sure? I thought you were on a walk…]

Flop’s body leaned over, bending at the waist; Schult was grateful that he would listen to him. Glancing at him was Utakata, supposedly taking a stroll with Flop.

However Utakata narrowed her widened eyes and shook her head, not looking bothered in the slightest.

Utakata: [Uu has time . Playing with Fuu was just for killing time , so let’s hear about Shuu’s problems .]

Flop: [Exactly. Oh, don’t think of it as killing time. Every problem’s important to the person suffering from it. So let’s listen carefully.]

So, after a not-so-tough chest thump, Flop led Schult and Utakata both to the end of the street, toward the edge of the curb of the flowerbed there.

So the three of them, putting their butts on the curb, started talking in the breeze.

Schult’s problem, as aforementioned, was that of being useless.

For Priscilla, he wished to be more self-sufficient, to be capable of doing more.

Schult: [So how did you, Flop-sama and Utakata-sama, become the great people you are today?]

Flop: [Hoho, I see, how did we become the way we are now, huh? What a philosophical question!]

Schult: [ Filosofical … Is that so…?]

At the smiling Flop’s answer, Schult braced himself at a hint of yet-undiscovered wisdom.

Without understanding what this filosofy was, could Schult’s concerns be answered? If so, he was willing to study that filosofy as well.

Utakata: [Uu became Uu, because Maa gave birth to Uu.]

Schult: [Maa, is it? That would be…]

Utakata: [Uu’s mother ! She was good friends with Taa. But then she stabbed herself and died .]

Schult: [I-is that so…]

As she recounted the story of her mother’s death, Utakata swung her dangling feet.

Although Utakata’s attitude was a detached one, Schult was astonished to hear of happenings that he had not expected. Flop, opposite of him with her in between them, patted Utakata’s head gently.

Flop: [I see, your mother did such a thing. That’s a terrible thing, Miss Utakata.]

Utakata: [It was harder for Taa than it was for Uu. Everyone helped Uu grow up , so everything’s fine . I grew up just like that .]

Flop: [Yes, indeed, Miss Utakata’s growing up very well. I’m sure your mother’d be happy to hear that.]

Utakata: [――? Maa’s dead , so she wouldn’t be happy . You say weird things , Fuu.]

While he stroked her head, Utakata regarded Flop with a curious look on her face. However, being patted on her head by Flop did not feel so bad to Utakata, and so, she did not try to stop his hand.

Utakata’s reaction was met with a quiet narrowing of Flop’s blue eyes,

Flop: [Well, Miss Utakata’s answer was very pleasant. In fact, if we’re going to talk about how I became the person I am today, I believe my answer would be very similar.]

Schult: [Similar… So, Flop-sama, were you raised by the People of Shudraq in the same way Utakata-sama was?]

Flop: [If that were the case, I’d be very pleased for having such a large family! But my family’s dead, the only one I have left’s my little sister, Medium. You may think it’s very sad and lonely.]

Schult: […Is that, so?]

Flop employed in his usual stride for the first half of his speech, then his voice faltered a tad during the latter half. His eyes downcast because of his answer, Schult once again felt disappointed about himself.

He had inquired both Utakata and Flop about some very insensitive things.

Even Schult would be unable to give a happy answer to someone asking about the family that had abandoned him. He should have been more thoughtful before asking.

Flop: [It’s nothing to beat yourself over, Butler-kun. You’ll learn from this. And that’s exactly what leads to the next part of my answer from earlier.]

Schult: [From earlier… the one that is supposed to be like Utakata-sama’s?]

Flop: [Yes, exactly, just like Miss Utakata, I’ve been influenced by the people around me to become the person I am today.]

Spreading out his hands, Flop smiled as if to show off his current self.

His cheerful smile and reassuring tone of voice were both important elements of Flop’s “Flopness”. Were those also cultivated through the influence of others, Schult wondered.

Flop: [A long time ago, my little sister and I were living in quite the terrible environment. It was an orphanage, but there was very little food, they didn’t pay us for our work, and the adults there would beat the children whenever they got into trouble. It was an awful place.]

Schult: [T-that’s an awful place…! What is a child to do in such a place!?]

Utakata: [Uu’d burn it down .]

Schult: [Burn it down!]

Flop: [Haha, that might’ve been a good idea. But it didn’t turn out so.]

Schult agreed with Utakata’s suggestion of burning down Flop’s harsh past. But Flop, laughing at their answer, had already moved past that.

How exactly had they gotten past it――,

Flop: [Well, it was thanks to someone else’s help. There was a benefactor who helped us. That was my little sister and mine’s family. They’re dead now, though.]

Schult: […They helped you, is that right? I’m relieved to hear that.]

Flop: [Do you understand me, Butler-kun?]

Schult: [I understand… I was also saved by Priscilla-sama.]

Gently placing his hand on his chest, he felt through his fingertips that he was no longer a body with nothing but skin and bones attached. That, was proof of what Priscilla had bestowed Schult with, to this day.

Schult’s toughness, strength, energy, and respectability proved that Priscilla’s actions on that day were no error, and Priscilla would not be made to regret them.

At the glint in Schult’s red eyes, Flop chuckled a little, and,

Flop: [For the most part, I’ve got similar feelings. So I’m in the process of trying to make my big goal come true. It’s a hard road, but I want to keep going and not give up.]

Schult: [I hope you do not give up! Ah! But, please, be a little more specific. How are you doing your best, Flop-sama?]

Flop: [Hmm, I wonder. After mulling it over plenty… I’ll tell you one thing, but not about me, about my little sister. I’m going to tell you about my little sister, who’s taller, stronger, more energetic, and more skilled than I am.]

Schult: [Ohhh, I see!!]

The reason why Flop put his hand so far above his head was because his sister, the topic of discussion, was that tall of a person.

This was not the first time Flop had mentioned his sister, but Schult had yet to meet her in person, as at the time he and Heinkel arrived at Guaral to meet up with Priscilla, Flop’s sister had already left for another place.

Leaving that aside――,

Utakata: [Midii’s big and strong . Mii’s impressed .]

Flop: [The best thing about her, is that she’s vocal and unafraid. And of course, she’s also very skilled, which is something I, as her big brother, am very proud of! She’s been working hard to become stronger.]

Schult: [To be strong… is that so!? How virtuous!]

Undoubtedly, she had been working hard to become stronger, staying positive and never losing sight of her ambition.

Schult tried to accept that maybe the key to progress was to keep trying one’s best without losing spirit; however, Flop shrugged saying, “No, no”.

Flop: [You’d think so, wouldn’t you? But, by the way, Medium got stronger is a bit more negative.]

Schult: [N-negative? What does that mean?]

Flop: [Hmm, it’s simple. ――When I was beaten up by adults, Medium, well, she always stroked my wounds gently.]

Speaking nostalgically of the past, Flop stated so, lowering the corners of his eyes.

Schult was bewildered by the discrepancy between the gentle tone of his speech and the content of his words, however. Being told that stroking a wound from a beating was the beginning of getting stronger made zero sense.

Schult: [I am so sorry that you were beaten up. But, Flop-sama, what were you doing when your sister was gently stroking those wounds?]

Flop: [Me? I was smiling. I was happy for Medium’s feelings. If I didn’t smile, she, the one being defended, would be worried sick.]

Schult: [――――]

Flop: [So, the first time I couldn’t cover for her and she took a hit, she was surprised from the bottom of her heart. When she stroked the wound she received from being beaten, she felt pain. It didn’t heal, nor did the pain go away. As regrettable as that is. ]

Shaking his head loosely, Flop replied forlornly.

Hearing Flop’s answer, even the dense Schult finally understood his true intentions. He finally understood why his sister had desired to become stronger, and how had she managed to not give up along the way.

Utakata: [If you don’t want it to hurt , you have to not get hit . Is this what Midii thought ?]

Flop: [Well, that’s precisely it! A very simple and good answer, even though she’s my little sister. Thanks to that, Medium’s stronger, and our siblings’ journey’s become safer!]

Flop exaggerated his smile as he spoke, but to Schult, it looked a little different.

Not only was it bright, but it appeared to be a proud one. Surely, Flop was proud of his sister from the bottom of his heart. That was something to be envied very much.

Schult: [I want to be stronger too. Just like your sister, Flop-sama…!]

Flop: [I’m sure Medium’d love to hear that. No, she might be embarrassed. It’s not often you get to experience being someone’s role model, that sounds like a lot of fun.]

Flop smiled and gave his stamp of approval to Schult, the latter clenching his tiny fists.

While listening to the exchange of those two, Utakata looked at Schult and asked, “Shuu?”,

Utakata: [If you want to be strong , will you practice with Uu? Practice the bow .]

Schult: [Bow, is it? But I also practice the sword… Hmm, I will do it! I will do both! That way, I can be twice as strong!]

Flop: [If you’re able to do both, then it’s exactly as you say! How wise!]

Raising both his hands to the sky, Flop joined Schult in his burning determination. Utakata, too, puffed up her nostrils and pushed out her chest at the promise of training together.

Then showing Schult the bow on her back,

Utakata: [Uu will work hard , like Schult, to become a master like Taa.]

Schult: [Well, I would like to meet Taa-sama, too. Utakata-sama, why do you want to become a bow and arrow master?]

Utakata: [Maa said something . For Uu to kill a traveler , with a bow and arrow .]

Schult: [I see. Wait, what…!?]

Because the answer was more extreme than he had expected, Schult’s realization was delayed for a beat.

To kill a traveler , was what she had said earlier, but what exactly did that mean? Schult, having just reflected on the situation, wondered if it would be okay to ask for more details.

――And so, while Schult worried over it, he was deprived of the time for enquiring about it.

Flop: [――Butler-kun! Miss Utakata!]

Schult: [――!?]

Utakata: [Fuu?]

Suddenly, a sharp voice called out to Schult and Utakata, and Flop’s expression morphed. Schult’s shoulders hitched because of the vigor, and Flop’s hands gripped his shoulders stoutly.

Then, Flop pulled Schult and Utakata, sitting on the curb, closer to him, and shouted,

Flop: [The sky’s starting to feel dangerous! Let’s just hurry up and get out of here!]

And――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――At the time the flock was seen in the distant sky, Heinkel was at the City Hall.

The people present were the appointed commanders of the garrison stationed in the Fortress City.

General Second-Class Zikr Osman and his men, who had originally been sent to the city but had joined Priscilla’s ranks―― or rather, the ranks of the man named Abel, to be precise, at the time of capturing the Fortress City.

And then there were the People of Shudraq, a tribe of hunters from the Jungle, smaller in number than the Imperial Soldiers present, yet no less powerful individually, alongside the one who led them, their acting Chieftain, Mizelda.

When Heinkel visited the City Hall, the two were in the midst of a face-to-face meeting to discuss the future.

Though Priscilla had spoken of omens that were much like predictions, Heinkel did not believe that Priscilla had the power to foretell the future, but he also knew not to underestimate the power of the eyes of a being so far from the norm.

Not only Priscilla, but those with special powers and destinies, had a higher perspective compared to ordinary people.

Those that could gaze at the world from a higher place would witness a scenery different from what others would. Those who could see farther compared to an average person―― or rather, compared to an ordinary person, would never be able to understand the latter.

Heinkel had learned this painfully well over the past forty years of his life.

Therefore, he did not dismiss things without even lending an ear just because he did not understand them.

This was also the reason why he did not dismiss Priscilla’s words and went to the City Hall.

And then――,

Mizelda: [――――]

The first to notice the anomaly outside the window was Mizelda, sniffing; her face was as if she had a hunch about something.

She was the former Chieftain of the People of Shudraq, who had apparently lost one of her legs in a battle during the capture of the Fortress City. To replace her foot, she wielded a stick like the tip of a cane attached to her right leg, which was missing below the knee.

Every time she walked, the cane made a sound, and when she turned around, the same sound was also heard.

The moment the profile of the rugged beauty Mizelda, owner of piercing eyes, stiffened, Heinkel and Zikr, who were present, instantly realized something was wrong and looked in the same direction.

Then, upon laying eyes on the swarm of black dots coming in from beyond the sky, Zikr muttered to himself.

Zikr: [――A flock of flying dragons.]

Mizelda: [―― Hk ! Zikr! Give word to your soldiers ! I’ll mobilize the Shudraq !]

Immediately after realizing the danger, Mizelda would have leapt with a tremendous kick from the roof of the City Hall and over Zikr’s wide shoulders.

However, she had just lost one of her legs. Instead of leaping out the window, she skipped down the stairs and ran out in a great hurry.

Caught up in her momentum, Zikr sharpened his blank expression and shouted,

Zikr: [Ring the bell! Enemy attack! They are coming from the sky!]

His shout gave a kick in the back to his aides so they would alert the entire Fortress City to the critical situation.

After seeing the reactions of all of them, Heinkel also put his hand on the sword at his waist. Then, as loud and sharp as the ringing alarm bells, he clicked his tongue.

Zikr: [Heinkel-dono! Priscilla-dono is…]

Heinkel: [Miss Priscilla’s at the mansion. She knew something’d happen. She’ll be on the move soon.]

As Zikr turned around, Heinkel turned his attention to the enemy shadows in the sky.

In mere seconds the swarm had clearly darkened in color and increased in size, approaching the city at tremendous speed. There was nary a moment to lose.

Heinkel: [Assuming this is an enemy attack, do you have any idea who the attacker might be?]

Zikr: [――. The number of flying dragons is extraordinary. The Imperial Capital does not have the strength to mobilize that many flying dragon riders, so… There is only one possibility.]

Heinkel: [So, what is that possibility!?]

Heinkel’s words became rough, as time was being cut shorter by Zikr’s roundabout way of talking.

Faced with Heinkel’s hounding him, Zikr paused for a beat, and then said,

Zikr: [The Flying Dragon General, Madelyn Eschart… She controls flying dragons. In other words…]

Heinkel: [Shit, one of the Nine Divine Generals… Hk.]

Heinkel scratched his head due to the mention of a familiar name.

He was not an expert on the inner workings of the Empire, but he was the Deputy Commander of the Royal Guards of the Kingdom of Lugunica. Because of his position, he was far more knowledgeable about information regarding other countries than most people.

He had at least heard the names and aliases of the Nine Divine Generals, the highest military force possessed by the Empire.

It seemed that all of them were warriors with extraordinary abilities, and only the best in the Kingdom, a group in which Marcos, the Commander of the Royal Guards, was also included, would be capable of being a match to them.

And, of course, there was the Kingdom’s most powerful person, the Sword Saint, but――,

Heinkel: [Didn’t someone say something ridiculous like some guy fighting Reinhard…]

The strongest swordsman in the Vollachian Empire was said to be as good as Reinhard.

Of course, the Nine Divine Generals would possess their own strengths and weaknesses, but the thought of being attacked by a monster on the same level as that person, was Heinkel’s worst nightmare.

Heinkel’d had no intention of coming to the Empire to begin with.

He had simply gone along for the ride when Priscilla decided to go to Vollachia of her own accord. He had no interest in the existence or destruction of this Fortress City.

But――,

Heinkel: [I can’t afford to displease Miss Priscilla… Even if Miss Priscilla becomes the Monarch, it’ll all be meaningless if she drives me away.]

Priscilla was eccentric, and, ultimately, he had no idea of what was in her mind.

Whatever had brought it on, she had Heinkel on-hand for now, but if he did not prove himself useful, he would be discarded of, and would come out empty-handed.

That must not happen. Priscilla was now the only person who was a straw for Heinkel to cling on to.

Heinkel: [We don’t have time for idle chatter. Let’s get rid of the flying dragon flock. Zikr, you’re here to oversee the whole thing!]

Zikr: [I intend to, but what about you, Heinkel-dono?]

Heinkel: [――I’ll do as I please.]

Unlike Zikr and Mizelda, Heinkel had no soldiers nor companions to lead.

Even if he did, his title as Deputy Commander of the Royal Guard was merely decorative. He had stopped studying the basics of military strategy a long time ago, and more importantly, no one would listen to his instructions.

So, from the beginning, there was only one thing that Heinkel could do.

Heinkel: [――――]

Immediately after making this decision, Heinkel, without hearing Zikr’s reply, ran to the balcony of the City Hall and leapt from there to the city below.

He put his feet on the roof of a tall building, kicked off the rooftop, and then ran to the next building. He continued to leap repeatedly, bathed in the wind, as he headed to the top of the fortifications surrounding the city.

Jumping onto the towering fortress wall on the western side, where a flock of flying dragons was heading towards, he took a breath.

Alarm bells had already rung across the city to warn of an enemy attack; blended together everywhere in the city, was disorder among the people, with the bellows of the guards urging them to evacuate as to suppress the chaos.

Heinkel: […Ahh, shit.]

The smell in the air changed noticeably, and the taste of spit on his tongue became bitter.

As the presence of the battlefield, of blood and steel, drew nearer, Heinkel was forced to listen to an illusory, high-pitched ringing in the depths of his ears.

In addition to Heinkel, Imperial Soldiers had also rushed to the western ramparts.

If Zikr’s guess was correct, the attacker was one of the Nine Divine Generals. How were they prepared to fight against an opponent in the position of General First-Class of the Empire?

Did they not think that anything about that was wrong, even more so if they were under the same banner? Or was it all fine, as long as they could fight? If they were to die fighting, would they be satisfied with that?

Heinkel: [Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck all of them, fuck all of them…!]

A boiling, throbbing, black heat poured out of his chest and into his entire body.

Heinkel gritted his teeth to the point of creaking as he savored the dark heat that began in his heart, traveled through his internal organs and lower abdomen, then onward to the tips of his limbs and fingers.

Heinkel’s hand slowly reached for the sword at his waist, the sword bearing the name “Astrea”, as he gripped the hilt tightly.

And then――,

Heinkel: [――All of you can go to hell, motherfuckers!!]

With a howl of unbearable rage, Heinkel’s sword flashed out, and the thick neck of a flying dragon passing by spurted blood, and split asunder.

△▼△▼△▼△

Alarm bells rang as the screaming of people running away from the city overlapped in a quite exquisite, yet also frightening way, the Fortress City of Guaral having become a battlefield filled by auditory pandemonium.

The army of flying dragons encroaching from the western sky, composed of no less than several hundred specimens of majestic appearance, had shattered the hearts of the residents, who had been reassured by the fact that the city was protected by walls on all four sides.

If there was a weakness to these walls, which could withstand even the destructive energy of powerful Magic Stone Cannons, it would be none other than terrifying beings able to bypass even large walls.

Whether that be a being which could step over the walls, or a ruler of the sky that capable of flying over them.

Undoubtedly, it was no exaggeration to say that on this day, the Fortress City was being assaulted by its greatest, most formidable enemy.

Flop: [――This isn’t very good.]

Avoiding the main street in which screams echoed, Flop peeked out from an alley and frowned.

A few minutes after spotting the flying dragons in the sky, things took a turn for the worse; having yet again transformed into a battlefield much like had happened ten days prior, the Fortress City’s brief respite was erased from its people’s minds.

This time, however, compared to what had transpired ten days prior, this change was for the worse.

At any rate――,

Flop: [Husband-kun was trying to cause as little damage as possible, but… this time, the opponent apparently doesn’t seem to have that kind of consideration.]

Subaru had aimed to pull off a “bloodless siege” by the bold means of crossdressing as a woman.

Although this goal had been foiled by an unexpected intruder, the amount of blood spilled would have been incomparably greater if a plan other than Subaru’s had been employed.

The fact that the feelings of the Fortress City’s residents, alongside with those held by the Imperial Soldiers stationed there, had not degenerated to an extreme degree, was something Flop wondered about; perhaps, that had been the result of Subaru’s consideration.

This time, however, the enemy seemed to possess no such chivalrous thoughts whatsoever.

Schult: [Hii!]

Schult screamed beside Flop as a terrifying roar and earth-shaking impact traveled through the air.

It was no wonder. The enemy’s assault with the flying dragons was just that severe and effective.

Flop: [Although they’re just letting the flying dragons carry the rocks and then dropping them from high in the sky.]

What they were doing was simple and straightforward, it was just a primitive attack.

However, though even a boulder the size of a human’s head would cause serious injury, the rocks that had been dropping from the air for a while now, were as large as one or two heads.

The force of the rocks destroyed stone buildings, created huge craters in the streets. Of course, were someone to be hit, it would be a disaster one would wish to not witness ever again.

Flop and the others had rushed into the alley, but they had no confirmation that that place was a safe one.

Fleeing underground, or heading towards someone that was simply strong; if a safe place existed, those would be it.

Utakata: [Mii and the others are in the big building in the middle .]

Schult: [P-Priscilla-sama is in the mansion…!]

Flop: [Oh, yes, of course. You’re both very smart, I agree with you. The problem is, we’re right in the middle of both those places!]

The called-upon Mizelda and Zikr were reliable in their ability to defend the city.

Although she was a fighting force of one person only, Priscilla’s ability was comparable to that of the Nine Divine Generals.

Flop was torn as to which direction to rush to, as well.

And while they were worrying――,

???: [H-help… Uwahh!!]

Right in front of the alleyway where Flop and the others were hiding in, a figure fleeing down the street screamed, then disappeared. ――No, he had not disappeared. The man’s body was snatched up into the sky by a shadow flying at great speed, taken away in one fell swoop.

Apparently, the flying dragons in the raid had different roles and were divided into two groups. The ones from earlier, those that let large stones fall, and those that attacked directly.

Or, more likely, there were flying dragons that had taken on other roles.

Schult: [J-just now, that person… Hk.]

Flop: [Even if we wanted to help, we wouldn’t be able to! And we can’t bypass them either. If we get caught in the claws or fangs of a flying dragon, the three of us will be taken into the sky together.]

Utakata: [Uu’s bow is here ! With this , I can take down a flying dragon !]

Speaking enthusiastically, Utakata showed the bow and arrow in her arms. Had it been Holly, Kuna, or another adult Shudraq, Flop would have considered it.

However Flop, having once accompanied Utakata to bow practice, understood that her abilities were not enough for a real battlefield.

Flop: [――You want the best for children, was it? I get it.]

With his eyes closed, Flop thought of the benefactor who had saved him and his sister from rock-bottom.

He always had a blunt and crude attitude, but in spite of that, his benefactor had never bent his principles. So, Flop wanted to be an “adult” he would not be ashamed of.

They could not stay hiding and holding their breath where they were forever. Whether they went to the City Hall or to the mansion, they needed to take some sort of action.

In order to get both Schult and Utakata to safety――.

Flop: [――I want you both to listen to me. From now on, I will…]

Taking a small breath, Flop attempted to convey his plan to them with determination.

And, in the moment in which the two children looked at Flop as the latter spoke.

???: [OHHHHHHH――!]

???: [――KIRYARARAHHHH!]

With a blood-curdling roar of anger, something huge fell from the sky onto the street. What slammed onto the ground accompanied by a mixture of angry screams and cries, was a flying dragon, black blood pouring from all over its entire body.

With its wings spread out, the flying dragon would be three to four meters in wingspan. Desperately trying to escape, it flapped its wings which had been broken from the impact of the fall.

Thereupon――,

???: [Don’t run away! Don’t you dare, bastard!]

The flying dragon fell to the ground together with the figure, who rolled vigorously and jumped on its back. He then thrust his sword into the writhing flying dragon, skewering its heart from behind.

The screams of the flying dragon persisted for a long time; then, it collapsed in place as it shed tears of blood.

Then, having seen that the flying dragon’s breathing had halted――,

???: [Those little shits…]

A red-haired man came down from the back of the dead flying dragon, his shoulders heaving up and down. Upon sighting him, Schult, who was in Flop’s arms, shouted an “Ah!”,

Schult: [Heinkel-sama! So you were safe!]

Heinkel: [Haaahn?]

The high voice of Schult called out, prompting the red-haired man to turn around with a bad attitude. Immediately, Schult’s throat caught, his words blocked because of the man’s appearance, his entire body dyed bright-red.

Then, the wide-eyed Schult escaped Flop’s arms, rushing to the man’s side. Seeing Schult, the man wiped his bloody face with his sleeve.

Heinkel: [What the hell, it’s you, pipsqueak?]

Schult: [You are all red, Heinkel-sama! Where are you hurt!?]

Heinkel: [Hurt? Oh, if you mean the blood, it’s just the dragons’. If I’m hurt, it’s merely a scratch.]

Schult: [Oh, really? Is that so…?]

With a surprised look in his eyes, Schult touched the bloody man’s body to make sure. Seeing that his attitude showed no concern for getting his hands and clothes dirty, the man looked down at the boy and sighed.

At this exchange, Flop let out the breath he had held due to his determination from before, and said,

Flop: [Butler-kun, I don’t think you need to worry. He doesn’t look to be putting up a strong-front, and he isn’t really hurt, right?]

Heinkel: [You’re… that weird man. You together with these pipsqueaks?]

Flop: [That “weird” part is a tad offensive, but you’re right! I was just running around with Butler-kun and Miss Utakata though. I’m relieved you’re here.]

When Flop smiled at him, the man covered in blood―― Heinkel, looked away.

He was not embarrassed, that reaction was of being displeased. In fact, he even clicked his tongue. But it was true that he had slain the flying dragon, which had played a role in giving Schult some peace of mind.

Like Schult, Heinkel seemed to be one of Priscilla’s followers, and although Flop had expected him to be able to fight on the grounds that he carried a sword, he seemed to be more skilled than one would expect.

The tremendous amount of blood that stained his body vermilion could hardly just be attributed to the blood spurting from the flying dragon he had just killed. It was evidence that he had been exposed to blood spurting from multiple flying dragons.

Schult: [We were going to head towards Priscilla-sama now! What about you, Heinkel-sama?]

Heinkel: [To Miss Priscilla’s…? You’d be safer that way. But…]

Flop: [There are very few places in the city that are safe right now. If our enemies are all flying dragons, I think it’d be a good idea to find a building with a basement and a place where spices are kept.]

Utakata: [ Spyce …?]

Flop interrupted Schult and Heinkel’s conversation, while Utakata tilted her head at the part in the conversation she did not understand. Looking towards Flop, Heinkel’s eyes were similar, holding confoundment.

It would not make sense to one unacquainted with the ecology of flying dragons.

Flop: [Flying dragons have a very good sense of smell. They can smell blood from a great distance. On the other hand, they don’t like strong, pungent smells. So, if we sprinkle peppa all over our body, we may be able to avoid being caught by them.]

Heinkel: […You seem well-informed.]

Flop: [I’m a peddler who travels from place-to-place! Also, I happen to know someone who knew a lot about flying dragons. He may’ve been the person most knowledgeable about them in the Empire!]

However, he had often heard about the good side of flying dragons from that person, so he had not expected to face them as a threat in this way.

At the very least, if the knowledge he had acquired was true, his plan to get covered in spices in order to escape the flying dragons should work.

It was fortuitous for Flop and the two children that they had been able to join up with the capable fighter that was Heinkel, but overall it was not fortuitous in this battle for the Fortress City.

Flop: [I can’t say it’s a good idea to use Redhead-san as our escort.]

Heinkel, who could go toe-to-toe with flying dragons on his own, was a valuable asset to the city under attack by a countless number of them.

No matter how the battle turned out from here on, he would be one of the factors to influence the outcome of the battle. It was not a good idea to put him alongside the three non-combatants.

Therefore――,

Flop: [We’re going underground to escape the eyes and noses of the flying dragons. Could Redhead-san accompany us to a nearby restaurant or warehouse? There, we can deceive their eyes… Or rather, deceive their noses? Once we do that, we can take care of the rest on our own.]

Schult: [Flop-sama…]

Schult’s face was aghast at Flop’s suggestion, as if the idea of splitting up had not occurred to him at all. But contrasting Schult’s surprise, Utakata nodded and said,

Utakata: [Uu thinks the same as Fuu. Uu and Fuu will protect Shuu. Don’t worry .]

Schult: [Utakata-sama will… as well?]

Utakata nodded her head in affirmation, and Schult’s round eyes lowered. A few seconds later, he looked up with a determined expression on his face and looked at Heinkel.

Schult: [I understand. I’ll do my best with Flop-sama and the others. So, Heinkel-sama, be careful of your injuries…]

Heinkel: [――I’ve been thinking this for a while, but don’t get yourselves all excited. Why should I suddenly start obeying what you guys tell me to do?]

Schult: [Eh!?]

However, Schult’s resolve was purposeless, as Heinkel frowned and bluntly stated this.

He wiped the gore from his sword with his cloak, indicating his surroundings with his chin,

Heinkel: [Let me say this now, I don’t owe this city anything. If I failed to protect this pipsqueak, Miss Priscilla’d probably be displeased, right? I’d rather avoid that.]

Flop: [W-wait, wait, wait, Redhead-san! Wait a sec! So you think protecting Princess-kun’s mood’s more important than protecting the city? That’s…]

Heinkel: [――Correct.]

Flop: [――――]

The reply was so clear and definitive, that Flop could not help but involuntarily let out a disappointed look. Heinkel stared at Flop’s face, his blue eyes glinting amongst the red filth covering his face.

Heinkel: [I got something more important than this city, more important than someone’s life. And it’s not this pipsqueak. Miss Priscilla, who dotes on this pipsqueak, has something I need her to give me no matter what. If that’s what’s needed to get that, then I don’t care how many people die.]

Flop: [Redhead-san…]

Heinkel: [Besides, I’m not that much of a big shot, and neither are you. You need to know your place. There’s only so much you can do. Don’t try to reach outside of that. You’ll only make a fool of yourself.]

Flop: [――――]

Heinkel: [No one can be a sword.]

As he spat this out, Heinkel’s hand reached for Schult’s shoulder.

As Schult’s slender shoulder was gripped by his hand, the young boy turned his moist eyes toward Heinkel. The fright that filled those eyes――,

Schult: [Heinkel-sama, you look like you are in pain.]

――No, not fear, but rather compassion.

Heinkel’s cheeks stiffened slightly, bathed by the boy’s earnest gaze. But it did not move his resolute heart.

Heinkel: [I’m taking this pipsqueak to Miss Priscilla. You guys are on your own if you want to follow me. But don’t make the mistake of thinking that I’ll protect you.]

With that, Heinkel grabbed Schult and turned his back on Flop and Utakata. He would step out into the street, heading toward the mansion where Priscilla was located.

Flop was hesitating on whether he should heed his warning, when――,

???: [――You’re the one killing us dragons?]

――A moment later, accompanied by those short words, a falling shadow landed on the ground with a furious roar.

???: [――――]

A dense cloud of dust and debris was kicked up as an intruder suddenly carved up a large hole in the ground.

A small figure was standing with its short arms crossed in front of Heinkel as he tried to take Schult away, blocking their path.

――It was difficult to understand who it was, at a glance.

What had just happened, and the impression that the figure gave, did not match at all.

A small stature, a lovely face, blemish-free white skin, a sky-blue attire that enhanced their loveliness; as their appearance did not seem so different from Schult’s or Utakata’s, it was hard to believe that they had just appeared with a ground-shattering impact.

However, what had happened was all that mattered, and no one could deny what had happened.

The shadow that appeared narrowed its golden eyes, glared at the four standing in the street, and nodded.

And then――,

???: [You have shed the blood of us dragons, and so in atonement, your blood shall be shed until there’s none left. ――You fools.]

Translation note:

[1] Yae Tenzen is a character featured in the Side Story “Pride and Prejudice and Zombies”, which depicts events that take place between Arcs 4 and 5. It has been translated by Negi, and it is available here .

--- Chapter 56B: The Flying Dragon Cataclysm ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The moment he saw the little girl standing amidst the plume of smoke, alarm bells went off in Flop’s head.

Not the real alarm bell echoing throughout Guaral however; it was the clanging alarm of his own survival instincts as a living creature. So loud was its noise, that it made his head ache.

Quite frankly, Flop was unlike Medium; he was a man unable to fight.

Attempting to train his body had brought him some degree of frustration, and he wished to not detract from his sister’s role, which she had chosen in her own way after much thinking, upon realizing that she was actually causing her brother pain by stroking his wounds.

Therefore, he possessed no warrior’s intuition nor discernment.

And yet――,

Flop: [That girl’s bad news.]

And then, he swallowed bitter spit as the little girl propped her leg out of the gaping hole made by the impact of the fall.

Girl: [――――]

A young girl of short stature, the pupils of her golden eyes narrowed, glaring at Flop and the others.

She appeared to be two or three years older than Schult and Utakata, but the atmosphere she exuded was on par with that of Medium or Mizelda―― no, even more dangerous.

It was almost like that of the imposing Divine General that had dispossessed Mizelda of her leg.

Flop: […Redhead-san, do you think you can manage to create an opening? I want to let at least Butler-kun and Miss Utakata escape somehow.]

The one to whom Flop gave that suggestion to in the form of a whisper was Heinkel, also the one person who held any fighting strength in this place.

Having demonstrated his swordsmanship by slaying a flying dragon, he would be more than capable of assisting in the protection of Utakata and the others, as opposed to having Flop become a meat shield.

Ideally, it would be great if Heinkel were strong enough to defeat that little girl.

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

Flop: [Redhead-san?]

Leaving his guard up toward the girl, Flop questioned Heinkel, from whom there was no reply.

He was hesitant to take his gaze away from the threat before him, but working with Heinkel was the top priority. Having readied his resolve, Flop glanced at Heinkel to examine him.

――Heinkel’s eyes were wide open in shock, his face pale with greasy sweat streaking across it.

Schult: [H-Heinkel-sama? Are you all right?]

Heinkel: [Uh, ah…]

Flop and Schult took notice of Heinkel’s unusual behavior at nearly the exact same time.

Schult voiced his clear concern for Heinkel, and the red-haired swordsman’s cheeks became rigid due to the youngster’s words, an inarticulate voice escaping his throat.

It was difficult to tell, from looking from the side, whether the response was because he was aware of the girl’s identity. However, regardless of the question, there was one clear, unequivocal fact.

That was――,

Girl: [What’s with you? Are you scared?]

The squinting girl’s gaze was directed at Heinkel’s legs as he stood there. His legs were trembling at both knees, so much so that he was barely managing to keep standing.

What was present there, obvious to anyone who laid eyes upon him, was plenty of fear and trepidation. In other words, despair.

Flop: [Hey there! I’ve never seen you before, little lady, would you mind talking to me for a bit!?]

Having observed Heinkel’s despair, Flop immediately shouted that out.

Immediately, Heinkel and Schult’s shoulders hitched, and the girl in front of them turned her eyes filled with suspicion toward him. Her gaze alone would not kill him, but the oppressive sensation coming from it was such that it was not be surprising if it did.

But Flop rallied his heart, loosened his cheeks, and spread his hands wide, producing a smile.

Flop: [I’m Flop O’Connell, a humble merchant. I’m in a rather difficult and bewildering situation. You seem to know more about it than I do, don’t you?]

Girl: [――. Are you collateral damage? Then you’re out of luck.]

Flop: [Well, being out of luck’s a phrase I’m not used to being told. I got a lot of things missing, but I’m proud to say that I do have luck. Why would I be out of luck?]

Girl: [You may kill everyone in this city. That’s what the senile old man said.]

Flop: [Everyone in the city.]

The little girl jerked her chin, answering by gesturing towards her surroundings, to which Flop gave a strained smile. But, deep inside, his state of mind was far from corresponding to that of a bitter smile, he was more panicked than anything else.

Would there be room for negotiation, given her objective was to annihilate the city’s inhabitants completely?

If only he could talk to the “senile old man” who had ordered her to do such a deed.

Flop: [From what I’ve heard, the senile old man seems to have made a mistake in telling you to wipe out the whole city. So why don’t you double-check that with your friends and colleagues who have come with you?]

Girl: [There are no friends or colleagues. There are only brethren and enemies with I, the dragon. ――You, are mocking this dragon. It appears you don’t know fear.]

Flop: [Mocking you, that’s outrageous! I want to get along with you. For starters, I was just thinking about asking your name. Don’t you agree?]

Schult: [Y-yes, that is correct! I would like to know your name too! Mine is Schult!]

As the girl lay on verge of becoming ill-tempered, Flop clapped his hands, asking his allies for agreement. Schult, taking advantage of the situation, then said his name as he raised his hand.

With Flop and Schult now having been introduced themselves, the girl wrinkled the brow of her pretty face, and,

???: [――Madelyn Eschart. I, the dragon, am of the Nine Divine Generals.]

Heinkel: [Nine Di…!]

Unassumingly, the girl―― Madelyn introduced herself via her title, to which Heinkel became at a loss for words.

His knees, which had been trembling ever since they had met, worsened further upon hearing her title, a corroboration of her strength. It was a miracle that he did not fall on his buttocks.

Even Flop was unable to laugh at Heinkel. Heinkel’s opponent, whom Flop had considered to be as dangerous as a Divine General, turned out to actually be a Divine General.

And beyond that――,

Flop: [――Miss Utakata.]

Quietly, Flop noticed a change in the situation, invoking the name of the person who had caused this change.

Utakata, the girl called upon by Flop, stirred, focusing on Madelyn in front of her. Retrieving the bow from her back, she prepared an arrow, aimed at Madelyn.

The distance between them amounted to seven or eight meters; even considering her abilities, she would not miss.

If that were to be called an advantage, however, that could not be farther from the truth.

Utakata: [That enemy is the leader of the flock of flying dragons . She’s the same as Mii was before , and the same as Taa is now . Defeat that enemy , and the fight is over .]

Schult: [I-is that so?]

Flop: [Perhaps Miss Utakata’s conception is correct. Unless there are other Divine Generals besides her.]

When Flop took a glance towards her, Madelyn said nothing of it.

Judging from her attitude so far, she was a child who would respond to the words being spoken. If they were to state something obviously wrong, it would be more natural for her to react in some way.

In other words, Madelyn was leading the assault on the Fortress City. Utakata’s view that defeating her would force the flying dragons to withdraw would be correct.

The only problem, was that it did not appear to be something that could feasibly be done.

Madelyn: [You’re a warrior, you’re a warrior, and you… won’t run away. You’re a warrior.]

Schult: [Huh…Me, you mean?]

Madelyn: [Yes. You’re a warrior as well.]

Suddenly being pointed towards, Schult’s eyes became rounder after being appraised as such.

To Schult’s surprise, Madelyn pointed with her small hand to Utakata, Flop, and himself, describing them as “warriors”.

Following on, Madelyn’s finger was pointed at the last one, Heinkel――,

Madelyn: [You’re no warrior. Even though you slew a dragon, you’re a coward.]

Heinkel: [Guh…]

Madelyn: [Draw your sword. For I, the dragon, will strike you. For every drop of blood that has been shed.]

As she said this, Madelyn slowly took a step toward him.

And so, slowly, Madelyn’s feet closed the distance headed toward the flying-dragon-killer Heinkel, uncaring of being targeted by Utakata’s arrow.

Utakata: [――Hit her !]

Synchronized with that declaration of intent, Utakata’s arrow was loosed, aiming at Madelyn’s chest. It flew straight at Madelyn, but was caught between two fingers of Madelyn’s lifted hand.

Madelyn did not even look at Utakata. Her line of sight was trained straight towards Heinkel.

Flop: [Redhead-san!]

Schult: [Heinkel-sama!]

Realizing the danger, Flop screamed and Schult tried to pull on Heinkel’s arm. However, Schult’s lack of power was not enough to make Heinkel even twitch.

Rather, faced with Madelyn approaching him, Heinkel cleared his throat, shook off that arm of Schult’s attempting to pull him away.

Schult fell on his butt; Heinkel clenched his molars.

Heinkel: [Oh, ohhh…!]

Heinkel’s sword hand gripped tightly, infused with force. His cheeks turned vermillion as he clenched his jaw and mandible, the blood pumping through his body attempting to dispel the fright making his legs tremble.

Yet despite that, Madelyn did not halt, still closing her distance to Heinkel.

Compared to a flying dragon, this little girl was incomparably smaller in size.

Against the approaching petite child, Heinkel struck a blow with his sword――.

Heinkel: [――Oh.]

With a high-pitched clang, the sword tumbled from Heinkel’s trembling hand.

At the moment the full extent of his sword technique was to be unleashed, he was unable to raise his arm, letting his sword go.

And――,

Madelyn: [After all, you’re no warrior.]

Madelyn’s contemptuous words were driven into Heinkel’s side accompanied by a fist.

The blow struck Heinkel’s stout frame, and with tremendous force, the red-haired swordsman was blown sideways. His entire body slammed into a stone building, cracking the stone wall in the shape of his human form.

The blow, that one hit, caused Heinkel’s eyes to roll to the back of his head, also producing an intense gale.

Regardless of having fired off a punch that produced a boom, that fist carrying energy not below that of the rocks being repeatedly hurled by the flying dragons at the city, Madelyn’s ire did not abate.

Heinkel: [Kah!]

As Heinkel slumped forward, Madelyn’s other fist smashed into his nose. The back of his head slammed against the wall, and as he ricocheted in return, a punt from the girl pummeled his torso.

The impact went through him, causing the house behind him to collapse thunderously, exposed to that destructive power. Grabbing Heinkel’s leg as it was engulfed in a plume of smoke, Madelyn brutally threw him in the opposite direction.

Heinkel’s body rumbled and tumbled vigorously as he fell back onto the ground of the street. The building across the street from the house that had just collapsed, now gave him a firm welcome.

Windows shattered on impact, the scattered debris showering down on Heinkel like rain. The fallen Heinkel did not even twitch as they left fine cuts all over his body.

Flop: [――――]

Were it Flop, that onslaught would have been fatal.

Besides Flop, most people would have died to that assault. It was uncertain whether Heinkel was dead or alive, having been showered by a series of attacks that perhaps even Medium would be unable to survive.

But Madelyn, whose profession was fighting, would not permit such half-hearted denouement.

Madelyn: [Wimp.]

Madelyn’s hand reached behind her back, muttering in a voice that did not conceal her contempt. The belt on her back was unbuttoned, and immediately afterward, an item that had been stored there was opened with a noise.

It was a foldable, razor-sharp blade, a long weapon shaped like a wide-open pair of scissors. Flop recalled seeing something similar during the hunts of nomadic people across the wide, grand grasslands.

Called a Flying Winged Blade, a skillful user could throw it for dozens of meters, spinning the blade around and back to the user’s hand.

However, Madelyn’s weapon was as tall as she was small, a sharp weapon possessing a specialized handle that could be used for purposes other than throwing.

Devoid of mercy, she directed it at Heinkel laying on the ground, having entered that state after being beaten up by her bare hands. Were he to be struck by that weapon, assuredly no trace of him would remain.

Flop: [Won’t you stop, Miss Madelyn? I understand your anger. I know how angry you must be after your friends were killed. But if someone’s attacked, they have no choice but to fight back.]

Biting his lip to brace himself, Flop said this to Madelyn’s back. With the Flying Winged Blade in her hand, she turned away and responded to Flop, “Don’t be mistaken”,

Madelyn: [Dragons are the greatest creatures in the world. If you people snap right back at dragons, you deserve to be exterminated. Besides…]

Flop: [Besides?]

Madelyn: [Is it possible to tolerate the action of such a coward, I wonder?]

Madelyn’s golden eyes quaked with anger, and Flop realized the reason for her irritation.

Naturally, she was angry about flying dragon accompanying her having been murdered, but more significant was the fact that the one who had performed that deed, Heinkel, was unable to wage battle, having let go of his sword.

She was angered that her companion had been felled by someone so insignificant.

It was an insult not only to Heinkel, but to the life of the flying dragon he had slain――,

Flop: [Uwah!]

Utakata: [ Uh !]

A moment later, Madelyn kicked a pebble on the ground to stop Flop before he could move. The pebble struck Flop, about to make a move, and Utakata, who was about to nock her next arrow, hitting their legs and arms respectively, hence hindering their actions.

In the meantime, Madelyn raised her Flying Winged Blade as to snuff out Heinkel right beneath her eyes.

But――,

Schult: [N-no, please don’t――!]

Unlike the two who were hit by pebbles, Schult, who was standing away out of precaution, rushed in-between them in desperation. The young boy held out his hands and stepped in between Madelyn and Heinkel.

Schult’s small body covered Heinkel, a shelter far too fragile to resist the storm that was approaching.

But Madelyn was not so kind as to hold back, upon seeing the boy’s recklessness.

Madelyn: [Nobody was going to let you live anyway.]

Madelyn’s eyes narrowed, and the Flying Winged Blade was driven down into Schult’s head.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Rem! Are you safe !?]

Shouting so, a slender woman opened the large door and rushed into the mansion.

Rem, who had been running through the hall, looked towards the familiar voice and replied with “Yes!”,

Rem: [Kuna-san! And Holly-san]

Holly: [I’m glad you’re okay ~! The whole city is a huge mess already ~!]

Before Rem’s wide-open eyes, a pair of footsteps rushed towards her, one light and another heavy, belonging to two members of the People of Shudraq stationed in the city, Kuna and Holly.

Upon hearing the voices of those two, Rem’s eyes eased in slight relief,

Rem: [I’m glad that you two are alright. Do you have any injuries?]

Kuna: [We’re fine , for now . It’s just …]

Holly: […Everyone is so beat already~. ]

The tone of the two’s voices drooping, they looked about the hall that Rem ran through, speaking their mind.

Around the three of them, residents who had been hurt and injured amidst the chaos that had sparked within the city were being brought in droves. The place gave the appearance of a field hospital, as volunteers helped in patching everyone up.

If the wound was shallow, it could be sewn shut and bandaged. However, if the wound was deep and life-threatening――,

Rem: [I need to do something…]

Biting her lip tightly, Rem clenched her hands.

Her right hand, opposite the cane, was already smeared with blood that was not Rem’s. No matter how many times she tried to scrub it away, the blood on her hand had dried far too much.

Soon after Rem and Priscilla witnessed the flock of flying dragons from the bathhouse’s balcony, the black specks approaching from afar quickly turned into a threat, launching an assault on the city.

Some of the flying dragons hurled down large rocks from the sky, while some of them engaged in a cruel hunt, snatching the fleeing people from the ground to then drop them right back from great heights.

The citizens who lacked the strength to fight against either of these attacks, were nothing but easy prey.

Having been exposed to such danger, the people had rushed here for a shelter and center of treatment; that was the reason behind the misery currently present within the mansion.

One would think Priscilla to be greatly upset with such happenings, and yet――,

Priscilla: [To begin with, the mansion was taken in order to make the precious healer’s whereabouts somewhere distinct, somewhere sound. Zikr and the others were also ordered to escort the wounded.]

Rem: [I-is that so…!?]

Priscilla: [What, did you really believe that I seized the mansion only for its bathhouse? The true reason, is for its bathhouse, and its spaciousness.]

And so, it should be noted that such an exchange had previously occurred.

In any case, Priscilla had allowed the wounded into the mansion. Apparently, Zikr, Mizelda, and other key personnel in the city had been informed of this.

Rem: [So then, I don’t know why I wasn’t told anything about it, being the most important aspect, but…!]

Because she felt that obtaining a satisfying answer was not possible, Rem did not probe it any deeper.

Above all, Rem had no time for worrying over Priscilla’s childish mischievousness. After all, injured people who required Rem’s help were being brought in one after another.

Rem: [Kuna-san and Holly-san, you two are…]

Holly: [ Chieftain … Ah ! Not anymore~ ! Former Chieftain Mizelda said this~ !]

Kuna: [The more people die , the lower the morale will get . We don’t want fewer people to be able to fight , so we’re Rem’s guards . Leaving that aside …]

Cutting her words off there, Kuna narrowed her almond-shaped eyes. Because of the sharpness of the look, Rem stiffened, as Kuna indicated the wounded in the mansion with her chin,

Kuna: [Where’s that princess who was taking care of you ? Don’t tell me , she’s relaxing in her room with all this mayhem going on ?]

Holly: [If so , she’s a very heavy sleeper ~. I am too , but even if I were snoozing and had my belly full , I’d wake up with this much noise ~.]

To the pair’s questions, their tone differing in tension exquisitely, Rem shook her head sideways.

Certainly, Priscilla was the proprietor of a self-centered, arrogant personality, and it was understandable that the two of them would be concerned about her being so whimsical.

Rem: [Surprisingly, Priscilla-san is a very dependable person.]

And immediately following Rem’s comment on the absent Priscilla,

???: [――Kiryararahhh!!]

A high-pitched sound, like a strong wind blowing between buildings, descended headlong onto the front yard of the mansion.

Propping up a tremendous cloud of dust by scraping the lawn, was the massive body of a dragon possessing wings, which had just failed a landing from above. Its total wingspan would put the flying dragon at roughly four meters long; it landed in an unsightly manner, as if it had just flown for the first time.

Although, that was only natural.

The basic landing maneuvers that would normally have been founded in experience and instinct could not have been satisfactorily demonstrated, given its head had been smashed in.

Just then, right next to the crashed corpse of the flying dragon, a figure landed from the sky. A beautiful woman, the hem of her red dress fluttering, a jeweled crimson sword in her hand―― Priscilla.

Priscilla: [You used me as a guard. This debt shall cost you greatly, Rem.]

Rem: [Thank you very much. I shall wash your hair as a show of my heartfelt gratitude.]

Priscilla: [How audacious of you, to attempt to get away with such a thing. I shall allow it. I am pleased with it.]

Priscilla acceded to Rem’s reply with a hawkish response given through the opened doorway.

She had been making full use of her extraordinary physical abilities to cut down and repel the flying dragons that had come soaring towards the mansion.

Witnessing this firsthand, Kuna and Holly, as would be expected, could not conceal their astonishment.

For some reason, Rem felt petty pride resulting from the reactions of those two. However, Priscilla, squaring off against the dragons, was not entirely free of concern.

The primary reason for this laid within the beautiful red-jeweled sword wielded in her hand――,

Rem: [Priscilla-san, how is your Yang Sword doing…?]

Priscilla: [As you can see, the sun has darkened. For now, this is merely a blunt object that cannot be called a sword. Although…]

Having revealed that something was wrong with the Yang Sword, Priscilla turned back around.

In that instant, a flying dragon plunged towards Priscilla, its open mouth lined with ravenous fangs aimed at her back. Priscilla ruthlessly plunged the Yang Sword, dull as it was, into the dragon’s maw.

The fangs shattered as the tip of the Yang Sword pierced the back of the dragon’s throat with brutal force, killing it.

Priscilla: [Before me, a winged dragon amounts to naught, even with a blunt object that cannot cut.]

With a sweep of her sword, Priscilla tossed the dragon’s corpse to the edge of the garden. Having now easily disposed of the threat, she turned to notice Kuna and Holly standing beside Rem.

Priscilla: [Shudraqians, is it. I suppose you have come to protect Rem.]

Rem: [Priscilla-san, the two of them came to help the wounded…]

Priscilla: [Do not lose sight of reality because of romantic ideals. What use are the wounded on a battlefield? Who is the most valuable one here? Aside from me, it is you.]

Rem: [――Hk!]

Rem choked up, faced with Priscilla’s sharp rebuttal. Kuna nodded her head in affirmation of Priscilla’s ruthless assessment, “That’s right “,

Kuna: [It’s our role to protect Rem. And Rem’s role is ….]

Holly: [To minimize the casualties , as much as possible ~!]

Kuna’s hushed words were buttressed by Holly’s cheerful remark.

Burned by both of their words, and by Priscilla’s gaze, Rem admonished herself. Just the previous day, Rem had been feeling sorry for herself, for not being in such an important position.

No longer could she be complacent about her position. Above all, Rem herself had desired it.

Rem: [I will fight my battles myself. Kuna-san, Holly-san, thank you very much.]

Kuna: [ Oh !]

Holly: [You’re the one in charge ~!]

Kuna and Holly nodded, responding to Rem’s determination with encouraging smiles.

The two granting salvation to her feelings, Rem looked towards Priscilla. She had been defending the mansion until guards capable of protecting Rem arrived――,

Rem: [You’re leaving, aren’t you?]

Priscilla: [It seems to me that there are many situations in which you shall not be able to stand without me. Zikr will know how to dispense with the lack of strength, but he shall not be able to stand up to the enemy’s main force.]

Rem: [The enemy’s main force being…]

Priscilla: [――Naturally, that would be a Divine General.]

Rem gulped, as Priscilla answered with one eye closed.

The existence of the Nine Divine Generals was a critical factor affecting the tide of war in the Empire. In order to recruit as many of them as possible, Subaru, Abel, and the others had set out for Chaosflame.

Nevertheless, the fact that one of the Nine Divine Generals was attacking this city was no coincidence.

Priscilla: [Of course, this is the doing of someone from within the opposing party. Abel’s situation looks increasingly bleak. How come he built something upon such shoddy foundations?]

Rem: [I can’t say anything about that, because I don’t know much about how Abel works. Leaving it at that, I’m sure it would have been very difficult for the people around him…]

While Rem had many qualms about Subaru, she did not believe Abel’s attitude was a commendable one either. Abel, who stood out for his arrogant behavior stemming from his cleverness, foresight, and ability to read the situations, was a difficult opponent for Rem, who had no memories to support herself with.

Being at the top of the country, he must have been surrounded by a great many people. It was very unlikely that all of them would have accepted his ideas and obeyed him so easily.

That was also why a rebellion had been raised. However――,

Rem: [Nonetheless, to allow something as terrible as this because of that…!]

Rem, who had built herself upon a fragile foundation, appealed to Priscilla with her gaze.

Priscilla produced a scoff, accompanied by a smile, due to Rem’s exclamation, as if suggesting she knew what she was thinking. As Rem’s eyes widened in response, Priscilla turned away, the smile disappearing as if it had never existed at all,

Priscilla: [This flock of flying dragons can not be explained through the taming of flying dragons. This General First-Class must have sprouted during mine absence. If what Serena spoke was true, there is one who became the Flying Dragon General.]

Rem: [Surely, the Ninth… That person should be somewhere in the city…]

Priscilla: [――The City Hall.]

Rem: [――――]

Priscilla: [If the enemy is not too foolish, that is where they shall head. After all, they have a direct path to it, cleaving through the skies. There is no reason why they would overlook the commanding post.]

Rem’s thoughts became clouded for a moment due to the obviousness of such a remark.

However, as soon as those words registered in her mind, she was immediately struck by the urgency of the situation. However, Priscilla’s calm and nonchalant demeanor brought Rem to the verge of panic.

Rem: [I-isn’t it a crisis that the command post is being attacked!? Priscilla-san!?]

Priscilla: [Fool. Plump though he may be, Zikr yet remains a General of the Empire. He shall not perish that easily, nor he is so foolish as to keep by his side those who cannot do battle.]

Rem: [That is… Ah. Speaking of those who can’t fight, Schult-san!]

Reminded of the boy who had left the mansion before Priscilla and Rem started bathing, Rem grew anxious.

Hardworking but clumsy, Schult was a boy with no more power than those that needed Rem’s help.

That boy, Schult, had been abandoned in this city of utter chaos.

If only he had someone, an adult he could rely on, to join up with, but if not――,

Rem: [Priscilla-san, quickly, please hurry!]

Priscilla: [At the very least, it is your duty to earnestly beseech me for my safety. In fact, you needn’t be in such a hurry, Schult shall not die so easily.]

Rem: [Huh…?]

Replying with a casual demeanor, Priscilla snorted at Rem, who was impatiently motioning with her hand.

Rem furrowed her eyebrows into a frown, not understanding the meaning behind Priscilla’s words. Kuna and Holly, naturally, had no clue as to them as well, their faces conveying confusion with that child’s appearance as the reason.

How could she be certain that Schult, wielding only his cuteness and diligence as weapons, would be safe?

Facing the skeptical eyes of Rem and the others, Priscilla put her hand on the door of the mansion, keeping them out of the way of the flying dragons’ onslaught.

Priscilla: [――Because he has won mine favor with his charm and bravery, you know.]

And with that answer, the door of the mansion was closed.

△▼△▼△▼△

A harsh, dull thud rang out, and Flop felt his soul crushed under the weight of his own helplessness.

The pain from the pebble stopped him in his tracks, a tragedy that did not even allow him to reach out.

He wished to shut his eyes, to avert his face from their demise, but he did not. Doing so, he believed, would mean running away from his responsibility, stemming from his powerlessness, from his inability to do anything.

At the very least, he himself had to ascertain the result of what he had done, and of what he had been unable to do.

With such modest resolve, Flop refused to look away.

And then――,

Madelyn: [What, are you?]

Madelyn swung down the Flying Winged Blade in her hand, intending to slice her prey in two with its sharp edge.

Undoubtedly, she had tried to cut both of them in half simultaneously, the disgraceful Heinkel and Schult, who tried to protect him, alike. It was not as if she had paused midway through her attack.

And yet――,

Schult: [Uhh, uhhh…!]

Gnashing his teeth firmly with a groan, Schult covered the fallen Heinkel.

His body had been neither torn nor crushed. However, Madelyn’s blow should have caught him squarely in the back of the head, shattering it.

In fact, Flop had witnessed the blow with his very eyes, and had heard its dull sound.

However, only the dull sound had echoed.

Madelyn: [――?]

Madelyn tilted her head, her curious eyes repeatedly moving back and forth between her weapon and the back of Schult’s head. Her head still inclined, Madelyn brought the Flying Winged Blade down on Schult once more.

Once, twice, three times, four times, over and over again, in rapid succession――,

Schult: [No, no, please stop! It hurts!]

Madelyn: [That’s strange. I, the dragon, intended to kill. Why don’t you die?

Flop: [That… Maybe, your reluctance towards killing a person’s making your hand slacken just before the weapon hits… Guah!]

Madelyn: [Don’t make fun of this dragon!]

Lamenting about not understanding a thing, Madelyn’s ire was directed at Flop.

She sent a stone larger than the one she had used to stop Flop in his tracks previously flying with a punt; it hit him square in the chest, knocking him flat on his rear.

His sternum creaked from the force of the impact, leaving Flop no longer able to breathe properly.

However――,

Schult: [O-ouch, it hurts…]

It was a fact that, Schult, having been struck again and again by the sharp blade, grunted in pain, yet did not die. This bizarre occurrence ultimately sparked an outburst from Madelyn.

As her hand grabbed Schult’s peach-colored hair, hoisting his body, Madelyn gnashed her teeth together.

And then,

Madelyn: [You, what in the world are you hiding…?]

Schult: [~~Hk!]

While being hoisted up, Schult screamed in agony. But Madelyn’s reaction, as she turned her angry eyes towards him, exceeded his.

Madelyn’s golden eyes widened, her lips quivering with a wince. Flop, teary-eyed with pain, could nonetheless make out what had made her react in such a way.

A dramatic change in Schult’s appearance had been triggered.

That change was――,

Utakata: [Schuu’s eyes , they’re burning .]

Utakata, witnessing the same scene, succinctly and accurately described it so.

At first glance, what Utakata had pointed out made no sense, yet there existed no better way to describe what was happening. From Flop’s perspective, it was precisely as she had described it.

It was a thing most unusual; in both of Schult’s red eyes, a flickering flame blazed.

Schult: [Eh, eh, eh…]

However, the one being talked about himself, Schult, was oblivious to this fact, blinking his eyes, his face conveying that he was unable to make sense of the reactions of the people around him. His wandering eyes eventually landed upon his own face reflected in the Flying Winged Blade that had struck him, then realized what it was that had drawn everyone’s attention.

Schult’s features, reflected in that curved blade, appeared distorted, but he could clearly see the fire burning in his eyes.

Schult: [W-what is this? H-hot! Ah! It’s not hot!]

While running his hand all over his face, Schult exclaimed about his inability to feel the flames.

It appeared that, while it was not like his face had just burst in flames spontaneously, the cause of the fire was still inexplicable. However, only Flop and his companions were puzzled as to the meaning of the flames.

Looking into Schult’s face, Madelyn found her cheeks stiffening in astonishment, as she  recognized the conflagration blazing within the child’s two eyes.

Consequently, she exclaimed her suspicion.

Madelyn: [You… can’t possibly be friggin’ related to that foxperson!?]

Schult: [Fox…]

Flop: [Person?]

Utakata: [――?]

Agitated, Madelyn batted her eyes because those three people had no inkling as to what she was talking about.

Without the mental leeway to notice her tone of voice breaking just before it actually did, she was overcome by strong surprise and confusion, staring at Schult.

The hand gripping Schult let go of him, and the boy, falling forward with a “Wah!”, dropped to the ground. Madelyn kicked off the ground with force in front of the boy, who was again covering Heinkel.

Madelyn: [――――]

In one go, Madelyn’s figure leapt, ascending to the sky above the street.

Its abruptness and velocity made it appear to Flop as if she had simply vanished. However, the ground that she had stepped on caved in violently and in addition, the building she had utilized as a foothold to accelerate her motion crumbled.

Madelyn, having risen high up into the air in such a manner, lifted the Flying Winged Blade aloft in both her hands with all her might.

Madelyn: [Yer friggin’ getting in this dragon’s way again… Friggin’ disappear, YOU NUISANCE――!!]

That voice of protest echoed through the air, and the Flying Winged Blade swung down, furiously approaching the ground.

Its principle was the same as how the flying dragons threw their stones, but the force behind the readied blade was orders of magnitude greater. Unlike the large rocks being hurled without aim, this blade aimed to cleave Schult’s body in two.

By some underlying logic, Schult’s body had become sturdy.

However, being struck again and again still caused Schult to cry out in pain. Meaning that it was not that his body had become impervious to the impact from her blows.

Moreover, no matter how sturdy their body may be, a child would still cry out if they were in pain――,

Flop: [If I don’t do something, Medium will be angry with me.]

Enduring the pain of his creaking chest, Flop rushed towards Schult.

He knew not just how much of a shield his body would be in face of that attack. But if he were to lessen the impact even ever-so-slightly, saving Schult, he would be satisfied.

Devoid of any more time to think, Flop exposed himself to the menace that was the Flying Winged Blade,

???: [――Well done.]

Unknowing of the reason, he clearly heard that voice even though it was not a loud one; there was a crash, and the impact of violent, mutual blows produced light that scorched Flop’s eyes.

Flop: [――――]

This radiance, was produced by a bright-red jeweled blade clashing with the side of the rapidly spinning Flying Winged Blade approaching from directly above.

Crimson light burst forth silently, and Flop felt the false sensation of his whole body being enveloped by the wind.

With that over, what followed were the dull thuds of flesh hitting flesh.

Flop: [――Hk!]

Looking upwards, the figure of a person flew through the air at an angle accompanied with a cry of pain, crashing into a building on the ground. Flop quite belatedly realized that it had been Madelyn’s body who had so violently caused the stone building to crumble.

The one responsible for this was a beautiful woman adorned in red who landed in front of the breathless Flop and his companions.

Flop: [Princess-kun!]

Schult: [Priscilla-sama!]

Utakata: [Puu!]

Priscilla: [Should you not know by now? What you must shout at a time such as this, is praise.]

While leisurely brushing the hem of her dress, Priscilla stated such.

At a time the city was under siege by attacks from flying dragons, with even a Divine General being dispatched, her indomitable attitude and way of being was incomparably reliable.

In truth, she had just dealt a serious blow to Madelyn, and, in the process, rescued Flop and the others from a life-threatening situation.

Priscilla: [However, that you would have been kept at a place like this was something I was certain would not happen. I thought that you would naturally aim for the City Hall right away.]

Flop: [Yeah, we were struggling to decide if we should do so. Wondering if we should go to the mansion where Princess-kun and Wife-san are, or to the City Hall where Ballhead-kun is…]

Priscilla: [Absolutely not. That is precisely the target of the General First-Class who attacked the city.]

With a jerk of her chin, Priscilla stopped Flop from continuing, indicating the place where Madelyn had crashed into.

Hearing that, Flop’s mind was lost in thought for a moment, but readily dismissed that as unimportant for the time being. Then, he called out to Priscilla, “Princess-kun…”,

Flop: [Thank you for saving us. I’m going to find shelter together with Butler-kun and Miss Utakata, but please tell us where to go. I have to take Redhead-san with me as well.]

Priscilla: [Ho, so you can make a reasonable judgment? In that case, head for the mansion. It shall be safer there than in the City Hall, the focus of their assault. And…]

Priscilla’s line of sight shifted over, glancing at Heinkel, laying on the ground behind him. Priscilla narrowed her crimson eyes, then let out a minute sigh,

Priscilla: [Feel free to leave that behind. If it is of no help, then that is the end of it.]

Flop: [Unfortunately, that’s not going to happen. Redhead-san’s going to be a valuable asset once he wakes up, and most importantly, your precious Butler-kun went through a lot of pain to protect him.]

Priscilla: [――――]

At the sound of Flop’s words, Priscilla’s gaze was suddenly set on Schult.

Water welled up in Schult’s eyes, overwhelmed from having been saved in the nick of time by his master’s appearance. Both his eyes still burned, the tears and the blaze making for a spectacle.

However, Schult did not express his anxiety over the strange situation that had befallen him; instead, he squeezed the leg of the fallen Heinkel,

Schult: [I-I will be carrying Heinkel-sama…! But, Priscilla-sama, what will…]

Priscilla: [There is some business that still requires being taken care of. Certainly, you comprehend.]

Schult: [Y-es. Something great that only Priscilla-sama can handle…!]

How did that brave boy’s faith, Schult’s faith in her, affect Priscilla?

Priscilla, whose expression did not change, simply nodded mutely, accepting Schult’s words. Without a moment’s pause, she then glanced towards the alley,

Priscilla: [Avoid the main street, take the alleys at the side of tall buildings. Schult, you should recall the path.]

Schult: [Yes! I walked down that path every day, diligently!]

Priscilla: [I shall give you my commendation.]

After a brief note of praise for his efforts, Priscilla turned her back to Schult.

Her attitude was clear; time for chatting was over. Flop’s instincts too, informed him that remaining in that place any longer was not a good idea.

If they stayed near Priscilla however, they would be safe from the threat of the flying dragons.

Flop: [Butler-kun, I’ll need you to show me around. I’ll somehow manage to carry Redhead-san. As for Miss Utakata, be on the lookout on the streets in our stead. I’m sure you’re used to hunting, I’ll be relying on you!]

Schult: [I-I understand. I will do my best to show you the way!]

Utakata: […Uu understands as well .]

Utakata, visibly hesitant to run away for a second, nodded as she was given her part.

With this, the division of the roles was complete. All that remained was――,

Flop: [Princess-kun! Thank you once again!]

Priscilla: [Gratitude or the like are needless. Nothing but words of praise towards mineself are required.]

With her back towards him, Priscilla responded to Flop’s gratitude. Chuckling at her frank demeanor, he proceeded to pick up Heinkel’s fallen body.

Tall and well-trained, his body was quite heavy. It was a good thing he was used to carrying Medium and escaping in times of emergency. Carrying his body over both shoulders like a piece of luggage, he was somehow still able to move.

Schult: [We must not forget this, either.]

And so, Schult picked up Heinkel’s fallen sword, gripping it tightly within his thin hand.

With that, Flop, Schult and Utakata briefly faced each other and nodded, only for them to then run into the alleyway, the mansion as their destination.

Before they had completely gotten away however――,

Schult: [Priscilla-sama, this fire, was surely… Thank you so very much!]

With his burning eyes opened wide, Schult voiced his gratitude towards Priscilla.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And so, after Schult and the others had left noisily and hurriedly.

Priscilla: [Schult, and that guy who named himself as Flop or something. Were that other man in such a predicament without such assistance, he would have been rife with bad luck.]

Amidst the street devoid of people, Priscilla quietly muttered this.

That comment was directed not to Schult, whose eyes blazed, nor to Flop, who made up for his inability with tact, nor to Utakata, her magnanimity too large for her size, but to the final person remaining.

He had survived in a situation that would have definitely killed him. It was nothing but the devil’s luck.

Although――,

Priscilla: [It is doubtful that someone who does not perish when they should have, ought to be dubbed lucky.]

Not pity, but something close to pity had been inserted into those words.

It melted into the wind of the battlefield, laden with the scent of blood, and vanished, going unheard by anyone.

At that moment――,

Priscilla: [――――]

With a sound, the ornament that adorned Priscilla’s orange hair shattered.

By that, it did not mean that a fragile portion of the jeweled hair ornament had broken, rather that the entire ornament cracked and shattered to dust in one fell swoop.

Instantly, Priscilla’s long, collected hair unfurled, flowing down her back in waves.

And then――,

Madelyn: [――You won’t friggin’ die either?]

Slowly, a shadow appeared in the street, alongside the sound of debris being kicked up.

There, a being whose entire body was smeared with dust, however, whose body itself was yet energetic―― a figure with two black horns sprouting from her head, at which Priscilla narrowed her eyes,

Priscilla: [A dragonkin. Where was such an antique unearthed?]

Madelyn: [Are you friggin’ looking down on this dragon? Surely you don’t friggin’ believe you can get away without consequences, do you?]

Baring her teeth because of Priscilla’s words, the girl―― Madelyn, squinted the dragon-like pupils of her eyes.

As she felt the draconic energy emanating from her small figure as if it were the wind, Priscilla gently stroked her unraveled hair with her hand,

Priscilla: [You seem to resent the fact that I am not dead, do you not?]

Madelyn: [Well, I should’ve friggin’ flattened those overinflated breasts. People who won’t die even if they have their hearts crushed are friggin’ annoying, no matter who they are.]

Priscilla: [――Even if their hearts are crushed, huh?]

Sighing at Madelyn’s manner of putting it, Priscilla looked downwards at the breasts the former had indicated; her own.

Priscilla’s ample breasts were more pronounced than usual, due to the constricting design of her dress, but Madelyn’s blow had certainly reached those prized breasts.

It had not been visible to Schult nor to any of the others, but battling in midair had been a painful experience.

Just as Priscilla’s strike had sent Madelyn flying, Madelyn’s counterattack had also struck a harsh blow to Priscilla’s chest.

If it looked like Priscilla was looking at things like it was no big deal right now, that was because――,

Priscilla: [Apparently, even my property itself is unwilling to see me lost to this world.]

Madelyn: [――The Soul Marriage Technique.]

As the unexpected words came out of Madelyn’s mouth, Priscilla raised her eyebrows.

Madelyn kept glaring at Priscilla, pointing at a building in the street―― No, far, far beyond it, far away to the southeast.

Madelyn: [You’re the friggin’ same as that foxwoman. Do you friggin’ know her?]

Priscilla: [I do not. If you possess any idea about something similar to this of my own possession, then they are a rip-off of me. I am the original .] [1]

Madelyn: [――?]

Priscilla: [Do you not comprehend?]

Words she had never heard of before were hurled at Madelyn, confusion dawning on her visage. Consequently, Priscilla decided to make things simple in an attempt to clear up the confusion.

In other words――,

Priscilla: [Much like someone with the awareness that this shall be a difficult affair for them, within yourself, you know you are no match for me.]

Madelyn: [――Hk, are you making a friggin’ fool of this dragon!?]

Priscilla: [Nonsense. As if you get to choose who you are. ――Mineself is at the top, and everyone else is at the bottom.]

The moment she answered with a smile, Madelyn’s anger reached the boiling point.

The dragonkin, red-faced and with glowing golden eyes, roared, a threat looming before her eyes.

With Madelyn to her front, Priscilla glanced to the sky.

As if searching for the sky―― Nay, searching for the hilt of the crimson treasured sword, which had the atmosphere as its sheath,

Priscilla: [Has the sunshine ceased? This shall be somewhat more complicated.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――The shock and destruction began in one corner of the Fortress City, but did not end there.

???: [――――]

The fierce battle had initially begun in the south side of the city, bringing forth a chain of destruction to a cluster of densely-packed buildings; in which seemed to be all too telling of the enormity of the cataclysm caused by the flying dragons, accompanied by a plume of smoke.

However, that which plunged the southern part of the Fortress City into a state of devastation was not the cataclysm brought by the flying dragons.

Of course, the hunt of the flying dragons, as they cast down large rocks from the sky, laying waste to the land below, was a calamity in itself.

When people running for cover in fear of the raining rocks showed up, the claws and fangs of the gliding flying dragons would rend and chew them to pieces, leading to the number of dead piling up on the streets.

Some would resist. Some would strike back by shooting their bows at the flying dragons, grounding them.

However, most people, exposed to the one-sided assault of the flying dragons, only sought salvation.

That, was just how immense and tremendous the damage caused by the flying dragons was.

But the fierce battle was so destructive, that even those flying dragons avoided approaching it.

Madelyn: [GaaaaaaaaaaaAHHHHHHHHHHHHH――!]

The howling, leaping little body clutched a mighty Flying Winged Blade with both arms.

The crooked blade adroitly sliced through the resistance of the wind and air alike, and, upon being thrown, would revolve to then return to its original position. For experts, it served as a throwing utility which could zone in on the heads of distant prey. However, it had been thrown with terrific energy, flying around, scything down everything in its path.

Its weight, sharpness, and destructive power all, were beyond comparison to the supposedly-small Flying Winged Blade.

If a conventional Flying Winged Blade were about the size of a one-handed sword, this one was as massive as two large swords joined together, and even heavier than ten large swords melted and cast together.

Once upon a time, ten swords, of Enchanted and Holy type both, holding special powers, were brought forth in this world.

This weapon, made of metal allegedly on par with those, fully demonstrated its power, a fiendish weapon that was far more deadly than it appeared.

With each throw, an area of several dozen meters would be shaved wholly; anything in its path, whether building or living creature, would be struck indiscriminately.

The dragonkin’s unusual physical strength and mentality of caring naught for the resulting damage to the surroundings were the reason for these devastating tactics, which would have only been possible if the dragonkin had been able to destroy the south side of the Fortress City.

Those defying the flying dragons in various parts of the city, had no time to turn to look at the ground, ergo, did not come to notice it.

Of course, the sound of the roar and earthquake reached them, but they were far too occupied looking up at the sky, exchanging words with whomever was beside them, to pay any attention to the damage.

And that, was fortune amidst lack of it.

Had they been witness to the overwhelming destruction, they would have forgotten to even cling to the thin threads of survival, to drop to their knees.

To a certain extent, the existence of the rampaging dragonkin was a disaster of a kind apart from the catastrophe brought about by the flying dragons.

To be struck by two natural disasters simultaneously, in a single city, was nothing short of a nightmare.

And moreover, of those natural disasters, one was being brought about to destroy merely a single person.

Priscilla: [――――]

Priscilla kicked the ground as if she were dancing, continuously avoiding the attacks in Madelyn’s rampage.

Although the physical prowess of the dragonkin was not to be underestimated, Madelyn’s fighting style lacked finesse. She had not learned any sort of martial arts. Perhaps, that was because she underestimated humans as inferior.

Priscilla: [Although, I have never learnt the martial arts myself.]

If there was anything Priscilla recalled seeing well, the movements of those that wielded swords would be it. Aside from that, she held a perfect grasp of what her body was, and how it moved.

If there was a reason as to why she managed to handle the Yang Sword like a master, it was precisely because of that reason.

However, at a time she could not draw the Yang Sword, each blow of Madelyn’s was a threat.

Priscilla: [――――]

The sunlight had ceased, the sun having been clouded over.

There were certain rules for the utilization of the Yang Sword. The sun did not always shine. For half of a day, it shared its responsibilities with the moon, using the time to build up its strength.

If there was a sun that shone always, then that would be none other than Priscilla herself.

Although――,

Priscilla: [The longer this takes, the deeper the wound shall be, is it?]

Priscilla was cautiously responding to Madelyn’s attacks. Of course, the lack of the decisive Yang Sword was a pretext for her being unable to push through, but the high vitality of the dragonkin was also of concern.

If not slain in one fell swoop, Madelyn’s counterattack would likely reach Priscilla.

Reaching a stalemate via mutual injury, much like how she had done the first time around, was not something that could be repeated over and over again.

If the conclusion of this kept getting postponed like this, the damage to the Fortress City would only spread.

Just as the southern part of the city had been directly razed by Madelyn’s destruction, elsewhere the casualties would continue to mount, as assault after assault by the flying dragons continued to rain down.

Besides――,

???: [――Kiryararahhh!!!!]

Madelyn caught the Flying Winged Blade gliding in return, then planted both her feet on the ground; proof of her fighting spirit. The dragonkin’s continuously rising spirit, transmitted through the air, inspired the flying dragons in the city’s skies.

For humans, it would be a morale-boosting phenomenon, but it had the effect of arousing the instincts of the fiercest species living in the wild, an effect that ought to be dubbed as madness.

Were the flying dragons to become more and more ferocious, more and more aggressive, they would become literally unmanageable.

She desired to get things moving before that came to pass. To that end――,

Priscilla: [I need one more move.]

To make the situation move forth, she needed some kind of grand move.

Priscilla: [――――]

Ducking under Madelyn’s attack and taking a great leap forward, Priscilla stood amidst the collapsed cityscape.

The city touted as the Fortress City, its robustness the pride of its residents, a pillar of peace and tranquility, was now a shadow of its former self. Even after this calamity had been driven away, reconstruction would be no easy task.

However, all those things would only be an issue after the great disaster before it had been eliminated.

Madelyn: [Next, will hit…!]

As she continued to lay on these insipid attacks, which Priscilla was able to repeatedly dodge with ease, Madelyn roared like a beast.

But she was also slowly correcting her tactics, all whilst she kept on launching unsuccessful attacks. It would be excellent if she were an enemy possessing scarce will to learn; but as that was not the case, she would grow during battle.

Madelyn exhaled sharply a white breath in front of Priscilla, hoping to avoid any further development.

The dragon’s blood circulated through her body, the rise in body temperature provoking steam to rise from the girl’s diminutive frame.

Combined with the white breath, her figure seemed as though it were even enveloped in white smoke――,

Priscilla: [――Nay.]

How odd , so thought Priscilla as she closed one eye shut as she peered towards Madelyn.

As the battle protracted further, it was no wonder that the dragon’s blood had awakened. It was also clear that Madelyn’s budding emotions, dragonkin as she was, were causing the flying dragons to become frantic.

However, amidst the climate of the Vollachian Empire, her exhaled breath was white and misty.

Not to mention――,

Priscilla: [It is not possible for it to snow.]

Glancing around, Priscilla noted white flakes falling languidly at the edge of her vision.

Slowly but surely increasing, snow fell upon the Fortress City, while most of the shelters protecting its people were being lost.

Words like “rare” did not suffice to describe this event, one could call it a sort of natural disaster.

In Vollachia, there were more than a few people who had never witnessed snow.

To be struck by two natural disasters simultaneously, in a single city, was nothing short of a nightmare, as had been stated.

But what if there were a new natural disaster, a third one, that coincided with it?

Would that be a nightmare or――,

???: [――That’s enough.]

A voice echoed from the ground, amidst the cold drops from the heavens slowly falling upon them.

A beautiful, yet resonant sound, akin to the ringing of a silver bell.

――This third natural disaster, if it were to coincide with the others, would it be a nightmare?

――Or could it be a grand move?

???: [I’m in a bit of a hurry, but I can’t let this pass. ――I’m reaaally angry.]

In that place where anything and everything had met the onslaught of a great disaster, the footsteps of a silver-haired young girl echoed.

In search of her missing knight, a Witch, accompanied by snow, had come to the Fortress City.

Translation note:

[1] The expression Priscilla uses here translated as “rip-off” is not English, the use of which is typically noted via underlining on WCT’s chapter. However, this is a modern expression, the implication being that she learned it from Al, from whom she also learned some English expressions.

--- Chapter 57B: I Don’t Mind Being Called a Moron ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Once she became unaware of Natsuki Subaru’s whereabouts, Emilia panicked and made the biggest commotion of her life.

Emilia: [Please, Subaru… I really hope you’ll be alright with Rem.]

The tempest of the shadows which attacked the Pleiades Watchtower, that was when both Subaru and Rem were blown away―― Nay, to be precise, it was not just those two. She knew there had been one more unknown component alongside them.

That Emilia had gotten through that without losing her composure, was because Beatrice and Ram, who had a connection to those two, had confirmed their survival.

Of course, even if they were alive, the possibility they could come face-to-face with something dangerous or scary still existed.

In fact, it was because he had to save the sleeping Rem in an unknown land, that it was definitely, absolutely assured that Subaru would act recklessly. However, because Subaru did not have Emilia, nor Beatrice with him, he must have been in quite the panic.

Emilia: [I have to hurry and find them…!]

With that resolution, Emilia and the group that had proceeded to conquer the Pleiades Watchtower moved out.

For starters, they had to find a way to enter the land to the south believed to be where Subaru had gotten blown off to, the Vollachian Empire―― the country which had forbidden travel to and from the Kingdom of Lugunica.

???: [We’re gonna try ‘n tackle this one from Kararagi. Security might be laxer in Kararagi in comparison, as Lugunica and Vollachia’ve been havin’ a stand-off.]

Those were Anastasia’s words, promising to cooperate with the search for Subaru.

Anastasia’s group, of which Julius and Echidna were a part of, were believed to not have much to spare by any means, having had such a torrid experience at Pleiades Watchtower.

But that they had still offered to do that for Subaru’s group, was something that made Emilia very happy.

Emilia: [I’m very glad I became friends with Anastasia-san.]

Anastasia: [Weeell, I think we’re a wee bit different from friends. Like before, our positions’ll stay that of rivals ‘n whatnot. But…]

Emilia: [But?]

Anastasia: [After this Natsuki-kun ‘n Royal Selection business’s all done ‘n dusted, how ‘bout we become friends? I’m much like Emilia-san, in that I ain’t got many friends.]

Saying so with a light-hearted attitude, Anastasia promised to lend her strength to them.

Despite knowing that now was not the time, to Emilia, that promise―― the one for Subaru’s search, was something she was also glad for. However, the day in which the fulfillment of her promise for them to become friends was one she longed for.

And――,

???: [If Anastasia-sama will devise a means to go through Kararagi, then us trying to simply find a way through the Vollachian border would be the best plan, wouuuldn’t~ it?]

Having reunited with Emilia and the others once they came back from Pleiades Watchtower, Roswaal, understanding the urgency of the situation, respected Emilia’s desire to search for Subaru immediately.

However, even using Roswaal’s rank and power, it appeared that entering the Vollachian Empire was not a matter so simple. And even should they fly in, it seemed flying dragons would gnaw at them.

Even having earned Roswaal’s approval, entry into the Empire would not be easy.

Above all, though it was called an Empire, it was very large. Even if they somehow managed to cross into it, they did not know if they could find Subaru’s group right away. [1]

In the middle of this increasingly agitating situation, a proposal to break this deadlock came from someone who yet again proved his reliability.

???: [About the way to get into the Vollachian Empire, I may or may not have an idea. However, it is not quite the commendable way, and there is some risk to it.]

So was stated, breaking the ice with some hesitation, by the one whose return coincided with the Emilia group’s return home, Otto.

That person, having stayed in the Watergate City of Pristella to recover, returned alongside Garfiel, who had remained alongside him, and indicated a path towards hope for Emilia’s group, who was greatly troubled over their challenge.

However, those means were decidedly――,

Otto: [――Entering via smuggling. In Picoutatte… One of the Five Great Cities to the south of Lugunica. I may be able to prepare a means for you to enter from that city, my hometown.]

Entering through smuggling was the furtive passage into the nation, circumventing the regular procedures and arrangements.

As Otto had said, it was not a very commendable method, and it was undeniable that it was quite the dangerous choice were they to be found.

However, if there was no other way.

Emilia: [We have to do everything we can for them.]

Steeling her strong resolve, Emilia conveyed her resolution to everyone else.

Nobody said anything like “Let’s not” to Emilia’s resolve, even Ram and Otto who were under a lot of stress. Everyone prayed for Subaru’s safety.

Emilia was most proud of that, above anything else.

???: [No matter what it takes, we’ll bring back Subaru safely, in fact. We will do it, I suppose.]

Emilia: [Yeah, that’s right. ――Let’s do our best.]

Her hand being gripped tightly by Beatrice’s own, the one most anxious about the estranged Subaru, Emilia answered gently, by tightening her grip in return.

And then, in Otto’s hometown, going through a quarrel with Otto’s old acquaintances that were after his life; going through Petra’s handsome negotiations with the group who would smuggle them across the border, and aided by the bridal panic concerning Frederica’s special constitution, the group searching for Subaru crossed the country, and――,

Emilia: [――That’s enough.]

In the Fortress City with madness swirling about, Emilia, who brought down snow, proclaimed so.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

Numerous buildings collapsed, as the once-beautiful cityscape collapsed with nary a trace of it remaining.

And yet, Emilia’s anger only soared as she observed large figures moving left and right through the sky from afar, making complete use of their wings to crush the lives of people.

Just how could they do such a terrible thing?

Could there have been a better way to do it, and had they even made a proper effort at finding it?

Nevertheless, even the one who believed this, Emilia herself, could not think of a way to halt the fight at this moment aside from using her own power, which was frustrating.

That was why, Emilia would be as frustrated as she could be, trying to not forget that feeling.

To that end――,

Emilia: [――Ice Age.]

Around Emilia, as she muttered this, the world started to lose its heat at a furious pace.

The air slowly cooled, white snowflakes began falling gently from the chilling sky. Rapidly, without exemption, Emilia blanketed the city’s perimeter with cold.

With great care, adjusting the magic power, being cautious to not overdo it.

She could not afford to err, and let the city turn to ice like the Great Forest of Elior, Emilia’s homeland. Needless to say, even if she had thoughts of melting it later, to cool it down to the point of suspended animation, like Regulus’s wives, was strictly forbidden.

All Emilia had to do, was to bring an unbearable ice season to lands unacquainted with the cold, those of the Empire. [2]

The biting cold wind, the falling white snowflakes accumulating, the white breath of the magical season of ice, would cover the Fortress City struck by this flying dragon cataclysm.

And then――,

Priscilla: [Dragonkind is weak against the cold. And when it comes to flying dragons, which have never known freezing cold, the harshness will be even more pronounced on their wings.]

With that, a figure leapt onto the half-destroyed wall on which Emilia stood, accompanied by the light sound of footsteps.

Glancing over, Emilia then nodded with a “Yes”,

Emilia: [Before I took off, Petra-chan told me that flying dragons don’t like the cold. She’s reaaally good at studying, and learned a lot about the Empire very quickly.]

Priscilla: [So you relied on the wisdom of your servant? No wonder, you had me thinking it was a decent plan, for a half-devil devoid of wisdom.]

Emilia: [There’s no need for you to put it like that. Besides, how do you know that I’m a half-elf… Huh?]

And then Emilia rounded her amethyst eyes, her lips forming a pout because of how the other person had spoken.

A woman in a red dress, her long orange hair blowing in the cold wind; her hairstyle was different from what she remembered, but there, was――,

Emilia: [Huh, Priscilla? Why are you here? This isn’t Lugunica, you know?]

Priscilla: [I shall return you with the same thing. Although, I have an idea as to why you have set foot in the Empire… How did you cross into the country?]

Emilia: [Oh, the method is a secret. I’m not supposed to tell you. I’m also supposed to hide who I am. So I have to be careful. I…]

Emilia was surprised to see Priscilla, a woman she had never expected to lay eyes upon in this foreign country to the south, yet she was strangely moved by the sight of her.

However, she could not stay just being surprised there. The manner through which Emilia had entered the Empire was an irrational act, something labelled as a misdeed.

Therefore, she did not want to make that clear to Priscilla unless necessary.

But――,

Emilia: [――! Priscilla, look out!]

Interrupting what she was about to say, Emilia prompted Priscilla to pay heed.

The next moment, Priscilla, clicking her tongue, bounced away, and a blade―― a Flying Winged Blade, spinning furiously, gouged out the spot she had been at.

The battered, near-collapsed wall, was cleanly sliced away by the sharpness of the blade, and conversely, it was miraculously spared from collapsing. Priscilla, having managed to avoid the blade, landed closer to Emilia this time, right next to her, the hem of her dress fluttering.

And――,

Madelyn: [One after the other, what the frig’ are you people?]

The girl’s voice, full of wrath, reached Emilia as the former caught the returning Flying Winged Blade with a single hand.

Looking down towards the destroyed cityscape, amidst it stood a horn-wielding girl, her bright eyes glaring at Emilia and Priscilla standing side-by-side.

It seemed the one standing there was very angry. But Emilia was very angry as well.

Therefore, Emilia jabbed her finger out toward the girl,

Emilia: [My name is Emili… Emily! I’m just a Spiritual Arts User passing through!]

Almost giving out her real name in the heat of the moment, Emilia succeeded in giving a false name that had been previously agreed upon. Priscilla’s eyes narrowed at Emilia’s boldness, and the little girl, to whom Emilia had introduced herself to, muttered, “Spiritual Arts User…”, with a wary look in her eyes.

Madelyn: [Are you the friggin’ same as that doggirl…?]

Priscilla: [If Arakiya is the one you are thinking of, she is a Spirit Eater, not a Spiritual Arts User. That would be a misconception, Madelyn Eschart.]

Madelyn: [Guh…]

Priscilla’s point was as if she had read the thoughts of the little girl―― of Madelyn, which made the latter’s cheeks become stiff. However, there had been something just now that Emilia could not help but hear more about.

Emilia: [What is a Spirit Eater? What do they do with Spirits?]

Priscilla: [It is exactly as you have heard, she feeds on Spirits. They take their power onto themselves and utilize it to the fullest. It is a practice near extinction, Arakiya being the last remaining user in the Empire.]

Emilia: [They eat Spirits!? How awful…]

For Emilia, a Spiritual Arts User who had forged Contracts with many Micro Spirits herself, this was a bewildering thing to hear.

If Puck or Beatrice were to meet a Spirit Eater, would their forms be gobbled up? Just thinking about it made her feel sorry for them.

However, rather than worrying about such things that had yet to happen, the priority right now, was the problem at hand.

Emilia: [You’re, Madelyn-chan?]

Madelyn: […Do not belittle this dragon, you half-devil.]

Emilia: [Then let’s talk it through properly, Madelyn. You’re the one who’s having those flying dragons attack the city. I want you to stop this, right this instant.]

Turning her gaze into the distance, Emilia looked out beyond the place Madelyn had rampaged in, at a group of flying dragons resuming their assault on the other side of the city. Their movements seemed to be slower than they had been a moment ago, albeit slightly.

Emilia’s power was lowering the temperature, which was in turn affecting the vitality of the flying dragons.

Were things to proceed in this manner, it would be possible to ground the flying dragons in the area. However, she wished to avoid doing that if possible. She did not want to have the flying dragons die, either.

Emilia: [If you care about the flying dragons, then please listen to my request.]

Madelyn: [――――]

Emilia: [Madelyn?]

As honestly as possible, Emilia tried to convey her words.

Perhaps Otto, Ram, and Petra could have communicated better. But upon seeing the city being attacked by a flock of flying dragons, Emilia had been the only one to rush towards it.

Now that Emilia had been first on the scene, she would do everything she could to help.

As a result――,

Madelyn: [It’s extremely friggin’ conceited of you to make a request to this dragon, you human…!]

She would do so even if it sparked Madelyn’s anger.

Priscilla: [――She cannot be persuaded by anyone, even were it not you. It is not an auspicious thing to listen to the words of a dragonkin, let alone one who is firmly grounded to the earth.]

Faced with Madelyn’s reply laced with outrage, Emilia held her breath upon hearing those words. Priscilla, who had been silently listening to the exchange between the two, expressed her observations regarding the breakdown in negotiations.

Emilia widened her eyes, as that seemed to be encouraging her.

Emilia: [Priscilla, I always thought you were so mean to me.]

Priscilla: [I do not consider it wicked to say that that which is not worthy, is not worthy. Do not pervert my benevolent words. ――Now, how shall we go about this?]

Emilia: [Hmm.]

Nodding, Emilia created a hairclip of ice in her outstretched left hand. Presenting Priscilla with the hairclip, the latter closed one eye with suspicion.

Towards Priscilla’s reaction, Emilia nodded in assent, and,

Emilia: [Let’s stop that girl together. Don’t be mean.]

Priscilla: [Do not demean my deeds as a manifestation of childishness, you lowly half-devil.]

Striking back with an insult, Priscilla accepted the hair clip from Emilia’s hand, then gathered her long, flowing hair, and fastened it in place. Hearing the clasp of ice clicking together, with Priscilla’s mood returning to the one she was acquainted with, Emilia then turned to Madelyn below.

And――,

Madelyn: [――People who are fearless regarding dragons are so friggin’ tedious.] [3]

Emilia: [I just had a fight with a big Dragon a while ago. So…]

Madelyn: [――Hk.]

Emilia: [Even if you wanted me to be scared, I can’t be scared of you!]

Madelyn’s threat as she brandished her white fangs was given a clear-cut answer by Emilia.

Immediately afterward, Madelyn’s eyes narrowed like those of a ground dragon, and the Flying Winged Blade in her hand was hurled ferociously, targeting Emilia and Priscilla with tremendous momentum and speed.

Witnessing its spinning approach, Emilia created a large hammer of ice, holding it in both hands.

Emilia attempted to repel the revolving Flying Winged Blade with an upwards swing of her hammer of frost coming from below.

Emilia: [Hiya!]

Feeling a powerful recoil in both her hands, Emilia, rushing in, did her utmost possible with the upwards swing of the icy mallet. Though just barely, she deflected the trajectory of the Flying Winged Blade, which passed over the heads of both Emilia and Priscilla.

But the ice hammer shattered with incredible force, and Emilia looked down at her hands, speaking,

Emilia: [So strong… Maybe stronger than I am…]

Madelyn: [That’s friggin’ natural! It is wrong to compare I, the dragon, to people using the same standard――]

The petite form of Madelyn stepped forward in triumph over the pained Emilia. ――Only for a block of ice more massive than the City Hall to come crashing down on Madelyn’s head.

Madelyn: [――Hk!?]

The sudden appearance of the mass of ice, coupled with its size and weight, caused Madelyn to be at a loss for words, then her figure was flattened.

Shockwaves of cold surged in all directions, centered on her; white winds blowing away debris and crumbling buildings, eliciting tremendous destruction.

Priscilla: [You, how dare you destroy this city?]

Emilia: [Huh!? But it was already destroyed…]

Priscilla: [You have a rather superficial way of looking at things. I am sure that manservant must be very weary. Nevertheless, you shall finally understand.]

Emilia: [Finally, understand?]

Looking at the spot where the ice block had fallen, Priscilla crossed her arms and narrowed her eyes. Emilia cast a question towards her profile, yet the answer arrived simultaneously, from Priscilla’s lips, and from the spectacle in front of her.

The ice block that should have crushed Madelyn against the ground, trembled slightly, as a loud sound akin to that of the world cracking, began to echo from within the ice block itself.

It originated from the piece of ice that was supposed to have made ground, from where the girl had stuck her arm in the air at the point of impact.

Priscilla: [――Just how troublesome dragonkin can be.]

Immediately after Priscilla’s words, the long block of ice broke in half with a thunderous roar.

The impact of the destruction was felt throughout the entire area, and the shattered ice turned into Mana particles starting from the outside. Amid this scenery of ice shards scattered about, the very incarnation of a Dragon, a dragonkin, leapt towards the duo with a roar.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Freezing winds raged, beautiful women danced across the battlefield where the throngs of destruction roamed.

Were anyone to witness the battle from afar, they would not have believed their eyes due to the sheer majesty of it.

Was it reality, or was it merely a dream?

Madelyn: [――RRRRRRAH!!]

With enough force to shatter the ground she was standing on, the small dragonkin threw swirling death.

A flying blade of destruction traced an arc; with beauty that betrayed the atrocious danger it brought forth, it cleaved everything in its path, it severed, it tore through the world.

Had this been a painting, or even a beautiful pruning of the world, rather than destruction, it would have been a beautiful sight for anyone’s eyes to behold merely based on aesthetics.

Madelyn Eschart’s anger was refined, instinctual rage, to that much of an extent.

However――,

Emilia: [Priscilla! Go up!]

A heavenly beauty of dancing silver hair created footholds of ice in midair, dodging the Flying Winged Blade thrown at her; then waving her hand down towards the ground, the streets, lost of their original form, froze over.

Rising from the frozen earth, was a beautifully adorned sword of frost.

A beautiful princess, running as she made her way through, pulled it from the earth in a fluid movement, and,

Priscilla: [The fingers of anyone but me would have fallen off. ――But the embellishments are acceptable. I shall utilize it.]

A pale-blue slash of ice flashed, slashing through Madelyn’s body diagonally.

However, Madelyn, with whatever kind of power was concealed within her petite body, only recoiled slightly upon being struck by the blow. Instead, the ice sword that had delivered the blow shattered.

And after that, the approaching Madelyn reached out a hand to Priscilla, and,

Emilia: [Hya!!]

Not allowing that act of violence to go unchecked, Emilia’s two feet hit Madelyn as she fell from directly above.

Both her feet encased in ice as she spun and drove a blow from up high, Emilia smashed into Madelyn’s two shoulders with a merciless attack, causing the sturdy girl to totter a step back.

In that instant――,

Emilia: [Please!]

Priscilla: [Do not tell me what to do.]

After Emilia landed on the ground and put her hands, Priscilla took the newly-created pair of ice swords and leapt over the crouching Emilia to slash at Madelyn.

The frost blades in Priscilla’s right hand and left hand each came at Madelyn from different angles, yet were quickly caught by the latter with the claws of her outstretched hands, causing a high-pitched clanging sound to echo.

Madelyn: [Don’t push your luck…!]

Emilia: [Eryaaa!]

Having dealt with the twin swords, Madelyn was about to go on the counter when an icy spike passed right next to Priscilla’s head. Madelyn immediately leaned forward, while Emilia, switching places with Priscilla, fired an ice spear with speed that could not be gauged by human eyes.

Priscilla: [My turn.]

Once Madelyn shrugged off the spear, Priscilla followed it up with an icy sword dance.

The hem of her red dress fluttered, the twin sparkling blue swords of ice were swung gracefully, and Priscilla’s sword’s dance among the glaciated world of white pummeled Madelyn’s entire body, forcing her back.

Madelyn: [――Why, whywhywhy, why, why the frig’ is it like this?!]

So exclaimed Madelyn, while being forced to deal with Priscilla’s twin swords, now on the defensive.

But Priscilla’s onslaught did not slow down. And to make matters worse for Madelyn, once Priscilla ceased her swords dance,

Emilia: [This! And this! Hyaa!]

Making full use of extraordinary reaction speed, Emilia, leaping out without sparing Madelyn time to breathe, created ice weapon after ice weapon, to slam them down with all her might.

――Priscilla was the skill, Emilia was the brawn, and through them, Madelyn’s offensive and defensive capabilities were shut down completely.

The Flying Winged Blade cleaved, smashed, swung, was thrown.

The innate physical abilities of a dragonkin were incomparable to those of a frail human. Even a demi-human, who was relatively more robust compared to a normal human, was as good as a dried-up twig before a dragonkin.

The same was true even for the oni race, which, abhorrent as it may seem, would be able to stand on the same ground beside the dragonkin.

Dragonkin and the oni, were sometimes spoken of alongside each other as the strongest of races, but that was something outrageous.

After all, the oni were merely a race superior among demi-humans. Dragonkin were fundamentally different from them.

Dragonkin were not demi-humans. They differed from those species related to the human race at a basic level.

Dragonkin did not belong to mankind. ―― But why was it playing out like this nevertheless?

Madelyn: [What the frig’ are you people… What the frig’ are you!?]

Leaving her offense to her anger and continuously failing to connect a blow, she had finally used up all her anger.

And so, after the dragon’s wrath was spent, all that remained was the dragon’s creaking wail. The Flying Winged Blade in her grasp was swung sideways, Emilia ducked, and Priscilla dodged it with a jump.

Then, from both above and below, the two sides answered Madelyn’s wail at the same time.

What are you , she had inquired――,

Emilia: [――Emily!]

Priscilla: [I am mineself.]

An upraised greataxe of frost and two flashing blades of ice all scored a direct hit on Madelyn.

The sharp horns upon her head struck by blades of ice, and her torso slammed by a fierce blow from an axe of frost, Madelyn was sent flying, unable to stop those blows.

During her struggle, Madelyn’s body bounced once, then twice, high in the air above a thin layer of snow and without losing velocity she plummeted into a pile of debris, for a white plume of smoke to then rise accompanied by a loud crash.

Madelyn: [――――]

Having left Madelyn’s hands, the Flying Winged Blade pierced the wall behind her, and thus, the wall’s role of protecting the Fortress City from threats to the south now came to an end.

With one last look at the walls collapsing with a loud thud, Emilia slowly rose to her feet, looking guardedly at the pile of rubble under which Madelyn had been buried.

Emilia: […I suppose we did it.]

Priscilla: [There was fitting recoil. Unfortunately, there was no bite to it.]

Emilia: [Bite?]

Priscilla stepped forward next to Emilia, the latter tilting her head as she watched the twin swords in Priscilla’s hands turn to dust. For some reason, she could not help but look at Priscilla’s mouth, though she had not eaten anything. [4]

Priscilla met Emilia’s gaze with her crimson eyes, and spoke,

Priscilla: [Is this really all there is to someone that is not only a dragonkin, but one of the Nine Divine Generals, is what I am saying.]

Emilia: [What are those, Nine Divinn Generals , and what’s a dragonken , too? That’s a demi-human, right?]

Priscilla: [A race stated to have died out long ago. They were said to possess the ability to communicate with Dragons, a race no longer to be found in this world, but I guess that is merely a superstitious myth.]

Emilia: [Dragons… Does that mean they can talk to Volcanica as well? Volcanica’s a bit out of it…]

At Emilia shyly attempting to break the ice, Priscilla raised her eyebrows. She then gently pressed a finger to her mouth,

Priscilla: [I never thought such a word would come out of your mouth. Are you perhaps mistaking something?]

Emilia: [――? Oh, you think I’m joking, perhaps? I’m not joking at all. I met with Volcanica a little while ago actually, but they were all out of it because they’d been alone for so long…]

Emilia hurriedly defended herself from Priscilla’s reaction of disbelief. But Emilia quickly remembered her priorities, speaking “Now’s not the time”,

Emilia: [Now that we’ve beaten her, Madelyn needs to stop the flying dragons!]

Priscilla: [Considering this cold weather, all these slow-moving flying dragons shall be hunted down in due time.]

Emilia: [And there’ll be people in danger in the meantime, still! Even Subaru and Rem could be in danger…]

Priscilla: [――Hm.]

Emilia leapt out from beside Priscilla, heading toward the rubble under which Madelyn had been buried. Behind Emilia’s back, Priscilla furrowed her shapely brow at the exchange that had just transpired.

That reaction, however, went unnoticed by Emilia, whose long legs straddled the debris. Fashioning a shovel from ice, she thrust it into the rubble in an attempt to dig up the buried Madelyn.

Nevertheless, Priscilla let out a small exhale as she watched her back.

It was a good thing that the grand move that had arrived unexpectedly had resulted in lesser consequences. However, the enormous damage caused by Madelyn and the flying dragons was not something they could get rid of.

Worst-case scenario, they would have to consider relocating their base to the Demon City of Chaosflame and relying on her collaborator, High Countess Serena Dracroy, to aid them.

Priscilla: [In any case, we shall first have to make her fold up her wings.]

Pausing to ponder about what laid ahead, Priscilla peered up to the white, cloudy sky.

With the immense quantity of Mana Emilia possessed, albeit it possibly had a limit as to its range, she still had enough power to alter the climate, meaning that she had a multitude of ways to make use of her power.

Of course, what was valued in Vollachia was not necessarily valued in Lugunica. Rather, if she did decide to live in Vollachia, it probably would not end up being a waste of time.

But, her nature aside, Emilia’s personality was one that would not permit her to live in Vollachia――,

Priscilla: [――――]

So, as Priscilla drew thoughts in the sky, her eyes flickered dimly.

Those jewel-like crimson eyes flickered, as they had perceived a slight disturbance in the skies above.

Then, just as Priscilla understood the nature of that disturbance――,

Emilia: [There you are! Madelyn, I’ll get you out now. But please be a big girl, and tell us your story…]

Madelyn: [――Ah.]

Emilia: [Huh?]

Having found the little girl buried in the rubble, Emilia utilized the ice shovel to dislodge the building’s remains. The dragonkin girl was lying on her back, herself and her clothes covered in soot and snow, dirtied.

Emilia listened carefully, as the girl’s lips moved and a faint voice escaped.

Hoping for words that accepted defeat, that would make the flying dragons retreat.

However, Emilia’s hopes were dashed; what Madelyn’s lips weaved was no declaration of defeat.

Only one word was muttered. A name.

Madelyn: [――Mezoreia.]

――The very next moment, the roar of a “Dragon”, its origin above the clouds, rained down destruction onto the land.

△▼△▼△▼△

The instant the white beam of light was fired from the heavens, Emilia and Priscilla both sprang into action at the same time.

Without any sound or warning, a tower of ice sprung into being, growing from the ground; two beauties of silver and crimson jumped atop.

The tower had risen to be over ten meters tall in an instant. Standing on its summit, Emilia raised both of her hands up to the sky, conjuring forth a huge dome of ice which covered the area where the white beam was expected to impact.

And within the conjured dome, another, yet smaller dome was added, and then, yet another smaller dome was added, and so this went on, until six domes of ice covered the sky.

As Emilia set up their cover made from ice and snow, Priscilla stretched out her lustrous fingers into the sky and drew out the Yang Sword, which took the void as its sheath.

The treasured sword was adorned with many eye-catching jewels and had a bright-red radiance to it. However, the light brimming from inside remained feeble, nowhere near what it was at its peak.

Even so, Priscilla took up her treasured sword and looked up overhead.

The very next moment, the looming white beam of light crashed against the outermost dome, and in less than a second, it pierced through the first, second and third domes, racing towards the ground.

However, it would be wrong to say that the domes that had been pierced and broken through had not fulfilled their purpose at all.

The moment the beam went through them, its angle changed slightly.

There were only slight changes with the first, second and third one, yet those became heftier with the fourth and fifth one. Finally, the instant the sixth one was broken through, the beam’s manner of entry had certainly changed.

The white beam raced straight down towards the tower of ice, towards the two who stood at its pinnacle.

And so to meet it, came a deep crimson shimmer, which beautifully, vibrantly morphed into a flash of resistance, and thus, was it unleashed――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

All sound completely disappeared; for the first time in his life, complete silence could be savored, for what seemed like ten seconds.

Perhaps it lasted for less than a second in actuality, but once that burst, the spreading shockwave, originating from the southern portion of the city, engulfed the Fortress City in all directions, and everything flipped over.

Ground rose from the surface, as buildings were ripped from their foundations. Those without shelter were blown away like dead leaves, and even the flock of flying dragons soaring in the heavens were assailed by the tempest.

Without mercy, without bias, the shockwave which engulfed everything bore down on everyone in the city.

Naturally, Flop, who was running around to treat the injured in the city’s largest mansion, having been turned into a temporary treatment center containing those injured, was also rocked by the impact, being thrown back against the wall.

Flop: [――Huu.]

As far as he could comprehend, it could have been a few seconds, or a dozen seconds, or even a few minutes.

He felt a powerful impact on his back that made it feel as if all of his internal organs were being turned inside out. He did not register much pain, but the possibility that the pain would come later, or he might have suffered from something so painful that he could not feel anything, also existed.

If that were actually the case, he would have liked to go on with his uneventful life, watch his little sister Medium lead a safe and happy life, savor the sense of accomplishment that he would have achieved in successfully taking revenge on the world, and stay unaware of it until he was old and on the verge of dying.

Once there, it should be impossible to distinguish whether he had died from his wounds or from old age.

Flop: [Let’s see, maybe it isn’t too serious…]

Being extra careful, he would raise his body after carefully assessing his own condition.

His arms and legs moved, and every single one of his fingers were still on his hands. He seemed fortunate enough to not be missing his ears or nose, and his eyes had not been crushed either. He could not let his guard down, but he should not be overly pessimistic either.

Shaking his head, Flop stood up, wiped his blurred eyes, and gazed at his surroundings.

The once-stately and magnificent decorations had been changed entirely from what they were before, and the inside of the mansion had become a hellscape dominated by the smell of blood and the sound of groans. Add to that the shockwave that had just hit, and the grim situation of the site became even grimmer.

Some of those who had been treated may have had their pain rekindled or made worse by the shockwave. They needed to ease their pain, to give them a helping hand.

Flop: [I wonder if Butler-kun and Miss Utakata are okay too…]

Leaving Priscilla to deal with Madelyn, whom they had encountered, Flop and the others joined up with Rem in the mansion and helped deal with the wounded as best they could.

He had also helped with that, while worrying about Priscilla and Schult, the latter’s eyes still ablaze even after he managed to calm himself down somehow.

Flop would not be able to rest in peace if it had all come to nothing due to that explosive impact.

???: [What in the world is…?]

As Flop looked around at the state of his surroundings, he heard a voice speak in a pain-filled tone.

Directing his eyes towards that voice, he saw Rem, peeking out from the depths of the hall. She was one of the people who had been attending to the seriously wounded who were in dire need of healing magic, and also one of the people who had been rendered astonished by the crash from just before.

Rem, grimacing as she held her cane, looked out the window to see what had occurred.

Flop, too, was alarmed, wondering if something more terrifying than a flock of flying dragons or one of the Nine Divine Generals going on a full-fledged rampage had happened.

And right after that――,

Rem: [――How terrible.]

Rem’s eyes widened and her expression turned grim, panicking as she rushed towards the mansion’s door. Flop shouted “Wife-san!” at her back as she rushed out, wondering what she had seen outside.

Despite his aching sides and knees, Flop chased Rem as she rushed outside. As she reached the front garden of the mansion, she crouched beside a fallen figure.

It was yet another injured person, someone who had been flung outside by the earlier impact.

As he approached the crouching Rem, who was confirming the state of the figure, Flop now understood the dreadful effects of the impact from earlier, which he had not been able to see from within the mansion.

Flop: [This is…]

Flickering, white snowflakes were falling upon Guaral. The southern sky was covered with layers of thick clouds, through which the sun’s rays were pouring down.

Exhaling white breath, Flop shivered at the almost fantastical sight.

Suddenly, the temperature in the surrounding area had dropped dramatically, and to boot, a sight as spectacular as this currently unfolding. Even in a dream, such a scene would be hard to materialize.

Putting it a different way, he had the paradoxical thought that it was not a dream, to which Flop shook his head.

Rem: [Flop-san, please help me. We need to carry this girl inside…]

Flop: [Yes, of course. Even under this mysterious sky, we can only do what we’re able to get done. We’ve got to do the best we can――]

Turning around, Flop tried to help Rem. Then, halting his speech mid-sentence, Flop widened his blue eyes.

The reason was obvious, and it laid to Rem’s back, who was asking for his help.

The figure behind Rem, having been blown away by the earlier impact, and whom Rem had suggested they should take inside the mansion for medical attention, was a small one. It was small and dainty, possessing twin black horns on her head.

Then, perhaps dazed, the girl slowly raised herself up behind Rem; about to casually swing her arm adorned with sharp claws.

Flop: [――――]

Once again, Flop experienced the sensation of sound fading away, of the flow of time becoming distorted.

As she was looking towards him, Rem was unaware of the threat that loomed behind her. That very threat, the girl, seemed to be acting out of defensive instinct rather than out of an actual intent to hurt Rem.

She must have gone through a terrible experience. He sympathized with her, but it was something unfortunate and unmanageable that would not change with sympathy.

Flop: [――――]

Kuna and Holly, in charge of guarding the mansion, would probably take a while to recover from the impact from earlier. There was no sign of the girls within sight, he could not count on them to deal with this.

Schult, his eyes in a conflagration, Utakata, who had been assisting with medical treatment and supporting the fighters’ morale, even Heinkel, who had fainted and would not wake up; none of them could be counted on to help them either.

When he closed his eyes, he could see his little sister, at the back of his eyelids, smiling.

He was proud of his sister, who had sworn to herself that she would become so strong that her brother would never be hurt. Multiple figures, that of his benefactor, and of his sworn brother, those who had given him and his sister the chance to go out into the world, passed through his mind.

――Treasure your life, Flop. Self-sacrifice’s for morons.

Once before, his benefactor had laughed at Flop’s reckless way of life.

At this moment, Flop would state the same thing he had back then.

Flop: [I don’t mind being called a moron.]

Because all those who loved him, had clapped their hands and laughed at his answer.

Rem: [Flop-sa――]

He stepped in, and with an outstretched hand, pushed on Rem’s slender shoulders, putting her out of harm’s way.

And, in the path of that swinging claw, that moron wedged himself instead.

――Blood sprayed, and Flop O’Connell fell to the cold ground.

Translation notes:

[1] This sentence sounds a bit odd for stating the obvious, but it is legitimately the idea it seems to convey. Do consider that the narration is slanted through Emilia’s point-of-view.

[2] Ice season (氷季) is the Re: Zero world equivalent for the winter season.

[3] Because of Madelyn using “竜” as a pronoun, which is also used for flying dragons, water dragons and ground dragons, it’s unclear if she’s talking about herself, or dragons in general. Take in note, this is not to be confused with “true” Dragons, localized with a capital “D”, which applies to big boys like Volcanica. Those are referred to differently, as “龍”.

[4] Once again, it sounds a bit silly, but seems like this is the idea it is attempting to convey.

--- Chapter 58B: Those Who Have No Place to Turn To ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――It was humiliating.

Her fangs creaked, gnashing together, her insides seethed with rage, her soul cracked in indignation.

What was she doing? She was being toyed around with by lowly humans, she was being driven into a corner without doing what needed to be done, she had been forced to play her trump card, knowing that such a deed should not have been performed.

???: [How friggin’ unsightly.]

It was a shameful display, she had exposed a state of herself which those who were dragonkin should never have shown so easily.

If any other dragonkin were present, they would have probably covered their faces because of this terrible situation. They would curse Madelyn for this predicament and for the shame she had brought to the dragonkin, before killing her; Madelyn was half about to die in a fit of anger anyways, directed at both herself and everyone else.

But, that would never happen.

There were no other dragonkin. Madelyn had always been alone. That was why――,

――That was why, no matter what it took, she had to slay the person who had killed the one she desired as her mate.

???: [Flop-san, please help me. We need to carry this little girl inside…]

From the fringes of her bleary consciousness, she heard a voice that felt like it was coming from someone.

No, not from someone, that voice came from a human being. Given there were no other dragonkin, everyone who spoke the language of men was human, beings that differed fundamentally from herself.

And so, her head grew hot, faced with an all-too-familiar humiliation obtained at the hands of beings that differed from herself.

A woman of crimson, attired in a dress, and a woman of silver, who brought snow with her.

Those women had cooperated together with dreadfully high precision, searing Madelyn’s consciousness white.

She raised her body, like someone was guiding her, and stretched her arm out towards where the voice was coming from.

She would tear apart the slender back before her eyes, and then――,

???: [I don’t mind being called a moron.]

She heard a voice coming from someone else, and right after that, the silhouette before her eyes was replaced with another.

With that slender back pushed away, before her eyes, stood a slender someone. And that was whom she swung her claws at, which was followed by the feeling of recoil from a sharpness rending flesh not-so-shallowly in her hand.

???: [――――]

Blood splattered everywhere; the slender figure collapsed helplessly, struck by the strength of a dragonkin.

I did it , was not what she was thinking. Ironically enough, the lack of response made her realize that the slender figure she had torn up, was not the object of her burning hatred.

Even so――,

Madelyn: [So, who’s the next one…?!]

That wants to be torn apart by my claws, or so she tried to bellow out, baring her fangs.

She kicked her now-felled opponent’s body, moving to surrender her body to the ferocity of looking for her next prey. And while doing so, she looked at the figure of her fallen enemy――,

Madelyn: […Huh?]

A man was lying on the ground, his long, golden hair furled out on the floor, his pale skin soaked with blood.

She did not know him. She could only roughly tell apart the particulars when it came to faces of those belonging to the human races, however, that man was not within the ones she could distinguish.

Therefore, what had grabbed her attention had not been the man himself, but rather, what he carried.

On the fallen man’s weak chest, which had been torn and laid bare, covered in blood, was an ornament which he wore from his neck, made from the fang of a beast.

――No, not from the fang of a beast.

It was from… It was from… Itwasfromitwasfromitwasfromitwasfromitwasfromitwasfrom――.

△▼△▼△▼△

Rem: [――――]

With Flop running towards her, shoving her by the shoulder, Rem fell onto the garden’s grass.

She had not expected that force. With no time to support herself, Rem’s body tumbled sideways onto the greenery.

However, to inquire Flop about what he had done all of a sudden, was unrequired.

For a far more telling answer was splayed out in front of Rem, in the form of bright vermillion.

Rem: [Flop-san!]

With her hands to the grass, Rem’s voice cracked because of that scene.

In front of her, lying on his back where Rem had just been a few seconds prior, was Flop, his body bearing deep gouges from the shoulder to the waist.

Four wounds, like those performed by sharp blades, sliced vividly through the front of Flop’s body.

And Rem immediately recognized that the wound was the result of his attempt to protect her.

And that it was the little girl Rem had run towards to give assistance, who had performed that deed.

Rem: [――――]

A girl with sky-blue hair stood still, having swung her arm, blood dripping from the tips of her claws after she had gouged out Flop’s flesh.

Flop had been injured while protecting Rem from the little girl, who had attempted to murder her.

Immediately, Rem tried to pull herself up, as to check on his wounds,

Rem: [Let me through! Flop-san! Let me see your wounds… Kya!]

But as Rem attempted to approach Flop, she was interrupted by the little girl’s thin arms. The girl took a step toward Flop, standing in front of Rem, then grabbed Rem’s shoulder and pushed her down.

As Rem feared that she may even plan to finish Flop off, her blood raced through her whole body.

And just like that, the little girl’s arm grabbed Flop by the neck and, handling him roughly, forced him to stand up.

And――,

Madelyn: [Why is a dragon’s fang… Why is Carillon’s fang friggin’ hanging from your neck!?]

With desperation and grief plastered in her profile, the girl posed that question in something akin to a shriek.

For a moment, Rem’s train of thought paused, unsure of the meaning of the question. But in the meantime, the girl was still repeatedly directing a question of “WHY THE FRIG!?” to Flop, the latter’s eyes closed.

No response came from Flop, whose consciousness remained plunged into darkness. There was absolutely zero doubt, however, that the lingering embers of life were fading, as the wounds on his body kept bleeding unceasingly.

Madelyn: [FRIGGIN’ ANSWER ME! ANSWER! IF YOU CAN’T DO THAT…!]

Rem: [P-please stop! He’s unconscious! He’ll die!]

Madelyn: [――Hk.]

Rem gripped onto the arm of the little girl who was rough-housing Flop, as if to cling onto her. The little girl’s golden eyes turned around in anger because of Rem’s interference, but she and her spirit withstood the intensity of her eyes.

With Flop’s life on the line, there was no way she could be intimidated.

Rem: [Let me treat him right away! Otherwise, Flop-san…]

Madelyn: [What’s the friggin’ point of treating him!? If he’s going to die anyway, before that happens…]

Rem: [Healing magic! I can perform healing magic!]

Rem’s desperate plea caused the little girl’s arms to relax slightly.

There was no way that Flop, gravely wounded as he was, would be saved with mere simple medical treatment. But healing magic was a different matter. The little girl’s golden eyes reflected Rem properly for the first time.

Madelyn: […You can save him?]

Rem: [――. I will do it. No matter what it takes…!]

Madelyn: [Then, friggin’ do it quickly.]

Did she trust Rem’s words, or did she understand that there was no other alternative?

In a one-sided decision, the little girl pushed Flop’s body, causing him to fall onto Rem. But there was no room for Rem to protest against her attitude.

Rem: [This looks terrible…]

Assessing Flop’s wounds as he was handed over, Rem muttered so to herself at the gruesome sight.

As if performed by the claws of a beast, Flop’s white skin had been torn apart, leaving four gaping wounds. The wounds were deep and painful, similar to mud being gouged out by a tree branch.

The blood that flowed in a continuous stream was contained by the cloth that Flop had wrapped around his head, and healing magic was applied over the wound―― immediately after, Rem’s entire body was overcome by a sense of fatigue.

Rem: [――Hk.]

This came after she had already performed healing magic on many people who had been injured in the flying dragons’ raid.

Although she had limited her healing techniques to patients who absolutely needed it, as to reduce exhaustion, they required so much energy that fatigue was inevitable.

Then came Flop’s treatment, someone on the verge of death. The mental burden was heavy as well.

Rem: [Still, giving up isn’t an option…]

Hence Rem told herself that no possibility of the sort existed, and focused her attention on Flop’s wounds.

As Rem concentrated, Priscilla’s words were revived in Rem’s mind. They served as advice for Rem, as she pondered over her memories, her circumstances, her duties.

Words given to her during the days spent by Priscilla’s side in the city after parting ways with Subaru and the others――,

Priscilla: [Look not at the wound, but at life itself. For the body of a living creature is not solely blood, but also all kinds of unseen things that circulate within it. Beyond that, is what the healing arts must grasp.]

Priscilla: [What it is, I am not able to reveal to you, as I do not utilize the healing arts. I call it life for the sake of convenience. You may call it whatever you prefer. However――]

Priscilla: [Remember, Rem, you are a pitiful girl who has lost her memory, who has lost her foundation. You have lost everything, but you possess the power to heal people. That is your essence.]

Priscilla: [――No one can escape from who they are. Strive to remember my words, be diligent.]

Rem: [――See, life.]

The painful wounds themselves were not that which needed to be patched up; rather, life itself, the very thing flowing out of Flop and in need of being preserved, had to be contained. Or, possibly, it even had to be magnified in order to save his life.

Healing magic was not solely about filling gouged flesh, sealing wounds, or relieving pain.

Essentially, the healing arts were not magic that healed wounds, but magic that saved lives.

If she were to invoke that awareness and technique, of interfering with life――.

――It should also be possible for Flop to retain his shrinking life, saving him from the brink of death.

Rem: [――――]

Seeking the optimal use of her limited remaining strength, Rem’s healing techniques, refined to the utmost limit, were brought to their true potential.

Connecting the threads of life that needed to be connected, stemming the flow of life that needed to be stemmed, and restoring vitality to the fading light of life. ――She would save Flop’s very life.

Rem: [Flop-san…!]

His breathing, which had become shallow and weak, and the color of his cheeks, which had turned pale and bloodless.

As both of these gradually began to display signs of stability, Rem tried calling out to draw firm responses. At Rem’s call, Flop’s long eyelashes quivered and his blue eyes opened only slightly.

Flop’s consciousness remained vacant still. However, if she continued to apply healing magic, he would survive.

With that, as Rem was about to breathe a sigh of relief, Flop’s lips trembled.

Then, with a faint exhale, he spoke.

Flop: […Don’t, heal me fully.]

Rem: [――Huh?]

Those unbelievable words assailed her eardrums, and Rem let out a muffled gasp.

So much was the shock that her concentration was disturbed, and even the usage of healing magic was hampered by it. Flop’s eyelids fell closed again and his consciousness slipped away before Rem could hurry to focus on her healing magic.

This time, Flop was completely unconscious; Rem focused her healing magic on the wound, half-confused about the meaning of his earlier words.

Why did Flop say those things?

What exactly did he mean that I should not heal him?

Rem: [Did you say something that strange because you were disoriented?]

That was a possibility. Considering the amount of blood that he had spilled, that he regained consciousness, even for a single moment, was a miracle.

It was no wonder that, with his awareness mostly misty, Flop would speak things that made no sense. However, even though they were brief acquaintances, Rem’s trust in Flop was high.

Flop was someone who would think over things carefully and present his honest opinion, always.

Suppose too, that Flop’s words just now were the result of him wringing out all he had.

Perhaps it would be too disingenuous to dismiss them as mere rambling.

Rem: [――――]

Why did he say that he should not be healed?

――No, in the first place, what did Flop say? It wasn’t “don’t heal me”. It was “don’t heal me fully”.

Rem: [Do you… not want me to heal you all the way?]

The phrase “healed fully” was strange.

She was not about to stop healing, but rather stop healing all the way. However, if she did not heal him all the way, then Flop’s life would remain in jeopardy.

There were limits to Rem’s Mana as well. In the first place, she did not comprehend the meaning of doing such a thing. She would save Flop’s life properly, and only then――,

Rem: [――Ah.]

Thinking up to that point, Rem realized that her perception of the situation was off.

She had been concentrating on Flop’s treatment so desperately to the point of being completely blind to her environs.

Rem: [――――]

The girl who had done this deed was standing there behind Rem, who was healing Flop’s wounds. More to the point, a flock of flying dragons was still flying over the rapidly freezing city, and fierce battles continued to rage in various parts of the city.

Nothing would change for the better. Even if Flop’s wounds were healed.

And that appeal by Flop, reminded Rem of a possibility.

That would be――,

Rem: [――Just, who are you?]

Without turning around, Rem asked this question to the girl behind her.

Although Rem had not been facing her as she talked, the girl would have understood that the subject of Rem’s question was herself. Immediately after, there was a sound of snapping fangs from the little girl.

Madelyn: [You, this isn’t the friggin’ time to be talking like that. If you have time to worry, then hurry up and friggin’ get that man healed!]

Rem: [I too want to heal him! But…]

Madelyn: [But, what!?]

Rem: [But! I can’t concentrate because I’m wondering just who you are. If this goes on, I may not be able to continue the magic.]

Unable to come up with an excuse, Rem made a terribly childish response. If this were to provoke an angry response from the other party, it would be no wonder that the claws that had ripped through Flop would now be pointed at Rem.

But in reply to Rem’s poor rebuttal, the girl let out a turbulent exhale, and,

Madelyn: […Madelyn.]

Rem: […What did you say?]

Madelyn: [Madelyn Eschart! A friggin’ General First-Class of the Empire!]

In a tone of voice that could neither be described as angry nor impatient, the girl―― Madelyn, answered Rem’s question.

Part of the surprise came from the fact that she even replied, but even more shocking was Madelyn’s title. She had called herself a General First-Class of the Empire, and Rem knew the meaning that position held, in this land.

And that understanding coincided with the possible suspicions that had sprouted in Rem.

In other words――,

Madelyn: [――? You, what the frig’ are you doing? What for…?]

Rem: [――――]

Madelyn: [WHY DID YOU STOP FRIGGIN’ HEALING THAT MAN!?]

Taking a deep breath once, Rem withdrew the hand she held over Flop’s wound.

Naturally, the healing magic to heal Flop’s wounds was interrupted, a fact that caused Madelyn to snap; she grabbed Rem by the collar, forcing the latter to turn towards herself.

Overpowered by the force of her arm, Rem stared back at Madelyn, courageously.

And then――,

Madelyn: [FRIGGIN’ ANSWER ME! WHAT THE FRIG’ ARE YOU PLAYING AT!?]

Rem: [――If you want me to continue healing Flop-san, I have a condition.]

Madelyn: [Condition…? What, are you suddenly rambling about…]

Rem: [――Please make the flock of flying dragons attacking the city leave. Unless you agree to that condition, it won’t be possible for me to continue healing.]

And so, negotiations were offered directly to the little girl who led the flock of flying dragons.

△▼△▼△▼△

――She must not heal him all the way.

This was how Rem had interpreted Flop’s cryptic words.

For reasons unknown, Madelyn was greatly concerned with Flop’s survival. There had to be a reason behind her attachment to Flop, and currently only Rem could decide what happened to him.

With Flop’s life as a bargaining chip, she could put a stop to the attacks on the city.

This act, which perhaps could be profaned as inhuman, was something Rem was determined to carry through.

She would not concoct any excuses by saying that Flop himself had desired it. Her thoughts currently were that, by utilizing Flop’s life, she would save the Fortress City from its current predicament.

Even if this differed from the true intentions behind Flop’s words, Rem had already started to follow through.

Madelyn: [Wha…?]

Madelyn exclaimed in disbelief at the demand posed at her.

It was only natural. Rem had been just as confused the moment she heard Flop’s words. She understood that the same was happening to Madelyn.

However, she held no sympathy towards her. That was not something Rem could afford to have.

Rem: [――――]

The agitation from having paused Flop’s healing, slowly burned Rem’s chest.

Deep down, all she wanted was to resume the healing magic immediately and do anything to save his life. His life, close to vanishing as it was, was hanging on those fingertips of her; its restoration would be decided at this critical juncture.

With each passing moment, Flop’s chances would diminish more and more.

Rem: [What will it be? Please decide quickly.]

Trying not to let her impatience show on her face, Rem pressed Madelyn into making a decision.

She attempted to plant the idea in Madelyn that she was the one being pushed into a corner, not herself. By doing so, she hoped to preserve Flop’s meager chances as much as possible.

The white light that had shaken the entire city a while ago still left a great impression; Kuna and Holly, who had been guarding the mansion, were nowhere to be seen. It would take some time for them to recover.

To hope that this deadlock would be broken from the outside was not an option. The outcome rested entirely in Rem’s hands.

Rem: [Madelyn-san, there’s no ti――]

Madelyn: [――Don’t friggin’ look down on this dragon.]

Rem: [Guh…!]

Any further attempts at forcing her hand, were interrupted by the force of Madelyn’s palm on her throat.

Madelyn’s tiny hand clamped down on Rem’s neck, preventing her from saying another word. ――No, Madelyn refused to entertain the notion of negotiating in the first place.

Her golden eyes aflame with rage, she was unable to tolerate Rem’s audacity in imposing her own terms.

Frightening, mighty draconic energy that betrayed Madelyn’s childish appearance overwhelmed Rem, making her very heart to cower in fear; forming inside her, was a wish to withdraw her reckless act immediately.

She felt the urge to go down on her knees, to beg forgiveness for her hubris.

However――,

Rem: [――――]

She was reminded of Subaru, who stood in front of Rem in an attempt to protect her against an enemy that was as powerful as this one.

Albeit dressed in a ridiculous woman’s disguise, presenting an unsightly and shameful display, Subaru nevertheless stood there, risking his life to protect Rem. ――No, it was not restricted to that single occurrence.

In Rem’s eyes, Subaru was neither special, nor was he strong.

Despite being frightened of the danger before him, however, Subaru did not back down, ever.

Rem, envisioning Subaru, scolded herself for being so filled with fear as to be unable to move.

He had never cast his gaze downwards, nor had he thrown in the towel.

He had never displayed such naive notions, nor had he ever displayed such tenuous resolve.

Rem: [Even…]

Madelyn: [What the frig’ is it?]

Rem: [Even if you kill me… You’ll lose…]

Madelyn’s eyes widened in surprise at the sentence Rem uttered through gasps, as she was strangled.

If Madelyn were to murder Rem in a fit of rage, she would miss her opportunity to talk with Flop.

So ultimately, the nature and substance of the choice Madelyn was being confronted with had not changed.

To destroy the city, or to let Flop live; those were the two options.

As a General First-Class of the Empire, it was Madelyn’s duty to fulfill the role entrusted to her. However, within her attitude and in her words, Rem had found a miniscule possibility for success.

Madelyn truly wished to exchange words with Flop. There was something she wished to make certain. How important was it for Madelyn to confirm that something?

Within that, Rem had seen something valuable that could decide the outcome of this battle――,

Rem: [――What, will you do?]

Madelyn: [――――]

Rem: [――Please choose. Will you kill, or will you let live?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Her white-tinted consciousness gradually cleared, and the world around her slowly gained color.

???: [――Ugh.]

Alongside the awakening of her consciousness, she felt a terribly heavy oppressive sensation throughout her whole body.

It was as if there were rubble on top of her body, a heavy sensation that pressed down upon her entire being, making it difficult to breathe. She moved her arms in order to push it away in any way she could, and,

???: [ Hnn, ngahhh …]

Once she stretched her arms out from their cramped position, the pressure disappeared with a loud thud.

Only then did she come to realize that it had not been her imagination; she really had been underneath a pile of rubble, suddenly understanding the reason why it had been so difficult for her to breathe.

Becoming convinced of it, she began to try and remember why she had ended up trapped underneath the rubble――,

Emilia: [――Right. I was with Priscilla, fighting Madelyn.]

Recalling the events just prior, Emilia observed the surrounding landscape.

What was spread out before her, was the now-barren debris of the cityscape. Buildings had crumbled, their collapsed debris blown away, the very earth flattened.

At this sight, akin to fallen leaves having been scattered by a powerful wind, Emilia let out a small gasp.

The white snow falling here and there was the result of the space of glaciation created by Emilia―― a special technique Subaru had dubbed “Ice Age”.

What had tinted Emilia’s consciousness white, however, was another white something that had fallen from the sky.

It was――,

Emilia: [――Gives the same feeling as Volcanica.]

The white light that had descended from the heavens to the earth, had been an attack triggered by Madelyn’s will.

Even though she had not known what was due to arrive, Emilia took swift action and joined forces with Priscilla, putting up ice barriers to intercept that white light.

The layers of ice shielding were shattered, and finally, Priscilla’s treasured sword of red flashed――,

Emilia: [After that, I got buried and… This isn’t good! What about Priscilla!?]

Recalling what had occurred, Emilia began to look for Priscilla, who was nowhere in sight.

Since Emilia had been under the rubble, it was not surprising that Priscilla, who had been right next to her, would have suffered the same. If so, there was a possibility that Priscilla would be buried, unable to get out as opposed to someone physically strong like Emilia.

She had to help her quickly. It would be sad if she were shivering with inconsolable fear.

Emilia: [Priscilla! Priscilla, where are you!? Answer me! I’ll get you out right away…!]

???: [――Cease your chirping, half-devil.]

Emilia: [Priscilla!?]

Pushing her body through the pain, Emilia turned over the debris near her. Once there was an answer to her enquiry, Emilia hurriedly ran towards the voice.

And there, on the ruins of the collapsed city walls, at the other side of a mountain of accumulated debris, she found Priscilla.

Sitting on the wreckage, Priscilla snorted at Emilia rushing over to her.

Priscilla: [What ugly stubbornness. I suppose you are alive.]

Emilia: [Yeah, thanks for worrying about me. You’re fine as well Priscilla… right? But it’s a relief that you seem alright.]

Priscilla: [Hmph.]

Faced with Emilia stroking her chest in relief, Priscilla sighed, looking a little more tired than usual. Her gorgeous red dress was torn here and there, her fair skin stained with dust and bruises.

Because Priscilla was always so immaculate, it seemed all the more painful to look at.

However, upon Emilia lowering her eyes out of sadness because of that fact, Priscilla looked up at her with displeasure, speaking, “Do not look down on me”,

Priscilla: [Do not make me laugh with your anxious ponderings. You and I are enemies competing for the throne, first and foremost. Your true desire should be to wish for my downfall.]

Emilia: [Hmph, there you go saying mean things again. I don’t want Priscilla to get hurt. Besides…]

Priscilla: [What?]

Emilia: [You seriously think of me as an enemy. It’s a bit surprising.]

Emilia had presumed that Priscilla took no interest in her for certain.

This assessment was surprising and gratifying for Emilia, who was aware that she was behind the other candidates for the Royal Selection, such as Crusch, Anastasia, and Felt.

To be placed alongside those amazing people, felt like a recognition of her efforts.

Priscilla: [――――]

Emilia: [Oh, but if you’re safe, Priscilla, we have to move quickly, we don’t know where Madelyn went and we have to get the city out of danger…!]

She could only be happy that Priscilla was safe and sound, now that the crisis the city was undergoing had ended.

True, she wished that Madelyn would stop the assault of the flying dragons, but since she had not been able to locate Madelyn during her search for Priscilla, it was likely that she had escaped.

If Madelyn could not be relied upon, Emilia and the others would have to drive away the flying dragons on their own.

Therefore, to assist in battle, she thought of making haste to the place with the largest presence of flying dragons.

Priscilla: [――Halt, half-devil.]

Emilia: [I’d like to wait for you, but we can’t rest. We have to hurry…]

Priscilla: [No need. ――The situation is moving.]

Stopping her hurried run, Emilia turned around and let out a “Huh?” as she stared in wonderment.

Priscilla, having stopped Emilia, jerked her head up while sitting atop the rubble. Emilia’s attention was caught by her gesture, and she gazed upwards, at the cloud-filled sky from which white snow sprinkled.

Only then did she understand the meaning of what Priscilla had stated.

Emilia: […The flying dragons, they’re going away?]

Emilia’s vision, as that sentence escaped her mouth, was filled with the flying dragons that had previously overrun the city’s skies, hunting down people indiscriminately. Spreading their wings, they were slowly growing distant in the skies.

For a moment, Emilia was unsure of what that signified, then considered, “Maybe…”,

Emilia: [Madelyn listened to our request…]

Priscilla: [Foolish nonsense.]

Emilia: [I guess not? But I think Madelyn is the only one who can order the flying dragons to leave…]

The most pleasant possibility was shot down by Priscilla, and Emilia pondered on it.

Of course, even a flying dragon who followed someone else’s orders would not be suicidal enough to throw away their own life for naught. They would retreat if faced with likely defeat, and it was possible they would even flee in a hurry if, for example, the leader of the flock were defeated.

However, would Madelyn’s defeat count as the flock’s leader having been defeated?

Even if Madelyn considered herself as having lost, the blow from above the clouds, the one which Emilia and Priscilla had been unable to stop with their combined efforts, was also a thing.

Rather, it was Emilia and the others who were in danger.

Madelyn could have protracted the bout for quite a bit longer, had she continued battling with the flying dragons alongside her.

And yet――,

Priscilla: [Then, there must be a reason as to why they withdrew.]

Emilia: [A reason why they withdrew? What would that be?]

Priscilla: [Even I cannot discern everything. Perhaps, Madelyn received an order to withdraw due to the presence of the Cloud Dragon being discovered. Or…]

Emilia waited to see what Priscilla would say, her hand over her mouth as she pondered this.

After letting Emilia’s anticipation last for a few seconds, Priscilla directed her gaze towards the flying dragons moving away from them.

Priscilla: [――Did she find something that should take precedence over the orders of the Imperial Capital?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Priscilla’s reasoning would be revealed to be right or wrong, after the flock of flying dragons had made their absence.

The attack of the Flying Dragon General Madelyn Eschart, the leader of the flock of flying dragons, had left the city on the brink of ruin, with a large number of its inhabitants and defenders alike suffering injury.

Then came the arrival of the ice season, unprecedented within the Vollachian Empire, alongside the dreadful white light originating from the heavens that wrought destruction upon the entire city―― amidst this despair that made everyone believe the city would not escape doom, however, these threats suddenly disappeared. The city was rocked by this unforeseen, narrow escape from demise.

Even if they wished to rebuild, they would first have to ascertain the extent of the damage they had suffered, and whether the wounds could be healed. It would be a daunting and arduous task, akin to counting the drops of blood that had been spilled.

Before the survivors of the Fortress City commenced that, there was one fact that should be added to the list.

Madelyn Eschart, the Flying Dragon General, had retreated together with her flock of flying dragons.

Concurrent with her flying away from the Fortress City, accompanied by the flying dragons, two people also vanished.

――The merchant known as Flop O’Connell, and the girl named Rem, had both abruptly vanished.

--- Chapter 59B: Flop O’Connell ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Miles: [――Treasure your life, Flop. Self-sacrifice’s for morons.]

That was the advice Miles, the benefactor who had taken Flop out of a squalid environment, had given him.

It appeared that the orphanage where Flop and Medium had spent their childhood was a much worse place than they could have even expected.

A habitual saying of the grownups at the orphanage was that it was a place for children who had no family, no place to go, and no one to rely on, which provided them with a roof over their heads.

Caretaker: [You’re blessed compared to so many other children who’ve got nothing to eat and no work to do.]

In fact, that was what he also thought.

For him and his younger sister Medium, having been abandoned by their family, it was a harsh life of going through hell and back. In regards to food, they would eat grass, insects, and the occasional rabbit, which would cause great furor upon being caught. Worst-case scenario, they would have to munch on soil and moss to stave off the hunger.

In comparison, life at the orphanage was much better.

They were given blankets, albeit thin and tattered ones, meals were provided, albeit consisting of tasteless soup with a piece of bread. They were assigned with menial jobs where numbers mattered, and although they were beaten up by adults on a whim, it was only on occasion.

There was some truth in the grownups’ words of admonishment, that the outside world was much more painful. And so, the idea of running away did not even pop up.

Be that as it may, he could not bear to expose Medium and the other children to the punches and kicks of the adults. Thus, Flop learned to act as cheerfully as possible to draw the grownups’ attention.

Flop made up his mind that, every day, he would be the one to get the most attention from the adults.

Flop’s conspicuousness would make the adults soften their attitude toward the other children. Even on days the adults were in a bad mood, it was Flop who, standing out as he did, would be the first target of the abuse.

Standing out, was a weapon in its own right.

Loud voices and gestures, exaggerated facial expressions and mannerisms. Luckily, it was not difficult to establish a habit of doing these things. It seemed that he had a natural talent for drawing attention.

Flop had shifted the focus of their anger from the younger children towards himself, and had gone through terrible hardships that had left him half dead. It was there, on that night in which Medium had comforted Flop’s wounds all throughout, that he became convinced.

This, was the role he had to play in that place.

Amidst the excruciating pain, that was what Flop told himself――,

???: [Of course not, you dimwit.]

Flop: [Huh…]

???: [First time I’ve shown my face in goodness knows how many years, and looking at it, it’s still the same disgusting place, with the same stupid kids doing the same stupid things. When it comes to crazy kids, Lil’ Balle’s more than enough.]

Having identified the role he himself should take on, Flop was prepared to shoulder the worst aspects of the orphanage.

However, one night, Flop’s plans were shattered abruptly.

The person who had appeared mounted atop a flying dragon was not a person with a neat appearance, to say the least.

He did not hide his ill-bred and violent nature, and the way he was ruffling his gray hair with irritation made Flop, even as a child, believe that he was the kind of person he would rather not have anything to do with. His features, reminiscent of a subservient rat, also contributed to this impression. A being around whom one should normally keep one’s head down to avoid being punched.

That person―― Miles, languidly betrayed Flop’s unkind impression of him.

Miles: [I come from this institution like y’all. Well, it was a horrible place even back then. That’s why I got the hell outta here and survived by roughing it out.]

At night, the door to the children’s room would be secured with a heavy, metal lock to prevent the kids from sneaking out at a time they were supposed to be sleeping.

Having broken the heavy lock quite violently and peeking inside, upon seeing nearly two dozen children crammed into a small room, Miles clicked his tongue with great annoyance.

He then escorted the children, startled and frightened by the appearance of an unfamiliar adult, out of the room; leaving them with a single word, “Wait”, he headed for the adults’ room.

And then――,

Miles: [I was straddling the line between life and death day-after-day, but eventually my fortunes started picking up. Then, years later, I remembered our house of abominations and found… this.]

Rolling the tied-up adults on the floor of the room around, and kicking them in the face while he insulted them as ingrates, Miles smiled vulgarly and spat, saying “Serves you right”.

These children must have had a very hard time with the adults. That said, Flop could not help but tilt his head and wonder if he should be going to such extremes.

Turning to Flop, Miles raised his thin eyebrows, and stated,

Miles: [What, you wanna join in as well? Then go ahead and get even. Get even, a hundred times over.]

Flop: [Oh, no, I’m not …]

Miles: [――Come on!!]

Miles’ fiendish whisper made Flop hesitate in his response.

Only for Medium to then jump out from behind Flop, and proceed to punch the head of a tied-up adult without hesitation, using a branch she had picked up. ――No, it was not merely Medium.

All the children, except for a stunned Flop, became enraged renegades.

???: [You were always hurting us!]

???: [I hate you!]

Medium: [This is for big bro!]

Stop stop , so went the screams of the adults, bound and unable to resist, drowned by the children’s screams of rage.

They clawed at the grownups’ faces, slapped them on the cheeks, and finally urinated on them, their pent-up anger exploding.

Miles: [Bwahahaha! Look at their faces! What a masterpiece!]

Flop, dumbfounded, watched the mutiny of his little sister and the other children, while Miles laughed hysterically at the vulgarity of it all.

Flop really could not bring himself to laugh at it. He just kept darting his eyes about as the others made the adults go through all this, wondering what would happen to them now.

Miles: [Well then, now do as you like… Or that’s what I’d like to say, but I dunno if Countess Dracroy’s gonna flip her shit at me if I abandon y’all.]

Looking around at the children after the conclusion of their emotional rebellion, Miles addressed his young juniors, now outside the facility. Continuing with “And so”,

Miles: [For now, I’m gonna take you to the Countess. You can do whatever you wanna after that. You don’t really need to follow me tho’.]

Receiving Miles’s crude invitation, the children looked at one another.

Anxiety and perplexity emerged in their faces. Miles had stated that they were free to follow him or not, but that was a “choice” that neither Flop, nor the other children, had ever had before.

Never had they possessed the right to choose anything, having followed the instructions of adults their entire lives. Therefore, upon suddenly being gifted that right, they were thrown into a state of confusion.

Towards the children’s hesitation, Miles shrugged his shoulders with an “Oioi”,

Miles: [It’s a lil’ too late now, how pitiful. ――You’ve already made them pay their dues. You guys can choose what you wanna do.]

Only once Miles stated so, did the children realize it for the first time.

Just as Miles had said, they had already chosen to rebel.

――When all was done and dusted, none of the children opted to stay in the orphanage.

Of course, although he had not been complicit, Flop could not say that he would stay in the orphanage that had wronged him as such. To begin with, Medium was quick to accept Miles’s invitation, saying, “I’ll go!”, urging Flop to join her as well, voicing out, “Let’s go!”.

There was no way Flop could refuse Medium’s wish, or choose to part ways with his sister. For these reasons, a tad more passive compared to those of the other kids, Flop left the facility.

He had done something outrageous.

Or, perhaps, he had gotten himself involved in something quite outrageous; regret tormented his heart.

However――,

Medium: [Good night, big bro.]

On their way to Miles’s master or whatever, the words hit him as he and his sister slept somewhere without a roof, wrapped in blankets brought from the facility.

The sight of his sister, who abandoned herself to her relief. The view outside, devoid of the prison called shelter.

He realized that no longer did he have to worry about being beaten or about his sister being brought to tears.

Flop: [―― Sniff .]

And on noticing that, Flop cried.

He cried and cried and cried, savoring the salty taste of his freedom.

△▼△▼△▼△

――In the distance, wings flapping, flying dragons flew away, out into the gray cloud-covered sky.

Zikr remained watchful until the distant shadow was as small as a pea, lest it be a prelude to the next attack, and only then did he relax his body.

For reasons unknown, the flock of flying dragons had retreated. Since the City Hall had not completely fallen, there were two possible reasons for the retreat―― either they had achieved the objective of their operation, or they had found themselves unable to accomplish it.

From Zikr’s perspective, the former was preferable.

Taking the dramatic events that had taken place during the intense assault, lasting only an hour or so into account, objectively, it seemed that the former was more likely.

Zikr: [A sharp drop in temperature, and catastrophic damage to the southern part of the city…]

Running a hand through his own abundantly bushy hair, Zikr touched upon two anomalies that he could not put a finger on.

During the battle, the temperature within the Fortress City had dropped in the blink of an eye, and then, once white snow began floating down, he doubted his eyes. Apparently snow was sometimes seen atop high, very high mountains, but if one were to see snow in Vollachia, the occurrence would be expected to be accompanied by some sort of natural disaster.

In other words, the snowfall that had occurred during the battle was nothing short of a natural disaster.

But that in itself had worked out to be fortuitous, for Zikr and the others.

Sudden changes in temperature made flying dragons vulnerable, even more so when it became colder. Their troublesome ability to fly had been noticeably reduced. Without it, the damage would have been much greater and more profound.

However――,

Zikr: [What in the world was that white light…?]

Uncontrollable destruction had obliterated the southern part of the city flat.

It was something of an end-of-the-world spectacle, even the term “natural disaster” was insufficient to describe it. Even though no further damage had followed, the city had been dealt a painful blow by that single blast.

The chain of command had been thrown into disarray, causing the evaluation of the battle status to be delayed. Had the flying dragons pressed on as they were, it was possible that the city would have gradually fallen.

For that reason, it was fortuitous and strange that the flock of flying dragons had retreated.

Consequently, Zikr speculated it may have had something to do with their enemies.

Had someone struck a crushing blow to the enemy in place of Zikr and his men, who were forced to defend the city? In that case, the most likely candidates would be Mizelda, the leader of the Shudraqians, or Priscilla, who had a proven record of defeating Arakiya, a General First-Class.

Whichever one of them had performed this deed――,

Zikr: [After all, women are wonderful. However, I do not want to take entirely for granted the shame of being protected behind a woman’s back.]

The fact that women were superior, was no excuse for Zikr to be inferior.

While women’s splendor should be revered and loved, one’s own shortcomings should be admonished.

Anyway――,

???: [I never thought I’d be exposed to such an onslaught, but I suppose the advance preparations have paid off.]

Zikr: […Flying dragons are standard practice for attempting to capture a fortified city. However, it should have been expected that the Flying Dragon General would be sent, rather than the Flying Dragon Squadron.]

Zikr shook his head at the words of his wounded Chief of Staff, the latter bleeding from his head.

The outlook was not good. The preparations for the flying dragons included placing most of the offensive weapons on the western wall, in anticipation of an attack originating from the Imperial Capital, yet the flying dragons had assaulted from all directions.

After the withdrawal of General First-Class Arakiya, they had assumed that it would take some time for the next General to be dispatched, but this had been a miscalculation―― and given the circumstances, it was not surprising.

This was not just a rebellion restricted to one city, but the harbinger of a much larger political upheaval.

From the perspective of those schemers in the Imperial Capital, aware of the situation, it was to be expected that they would put all their efforts into extinguishing the flames of rebellion while they still remained small. They should have considered the possibility of the deployment of another General First-Class right after.

Zikr: [No, let us reflect on that later. Now that the city walls have been damaged, it will be easier to capture the city, even without flying dragons. Assess the damage. See if the walls can be repaired…]

???: [――Put your weapons down right now! That’s an order!]

???: [Pff.]

Swiftly identifying the aspects to reflect on, Zikr stored them in a corner of his mind.

Just as he was about to check on the damage and wrack his head over measures to be taken for the future, a sharp, tense voice shook the chilled air.

Looking over, a figure could be seen, surrounded by those who had repelled the flying dragons’ raid on the building used as the command post, that being the City Hall.

The weapons and attention that had been directed at the flying dragons until then, were now focused solely on the man glaring with a vicious attitude at those surrounding him. In both his hands were long swords, blood dripping from their tips.

However, that blood was not that of humans, but of flying dragons.

Zikr: [That is…]

Chief of Staff: [He’s one of the soldiers we sent out from the cellars to counter the flying dragons. Wielder of twin swords…]

Zikr: [Yeah, I was watching too. That was quite the mighty fight. ――Hey, hold it!]

Zikr, nodding to the Chief of Staff’s point and extending his arms, commanded his men such. At Zikr’s command, one of his men raised his voice, “General Second-Class!”,

Soldier: [It’s dangerous! I let him out of jail because of the situation, but…]

Zikr: [So you want to just throw him back in jail as soon as the threat of the flying dragons is over? As if he would just meekly accept that. The sacrifices we would have to make him go back are the bigger problem.]

Responding to his tense subordinate, Zikr walked over to the man who had become encircled.

The twin-sword wielder’s ability was considerably higher than that of the average Imperial Soldier. In fact, without his inspiring performance, there was no certainty that they could have repelled the hordes of flying dragons that had raided the City Hall.

If that sword were to be pointed at them, it would cause more unnecessary damage.

Zikr: [Obviously, if you continue with such an outburst, your life will be forfeit as well. Which is why…]

Man: [Which is why, what?!]

Zikr: [――――]

To a Zikr attempting to break the ice, the man responded with a sharp voice and demeanor. Instead, he pointed one of the two swords in his hands at Zikr, and let out a “Ha!” together with a fierce smile,

Man: [You want me to surrender so obediently? That’s no different from what the rest of those guys are saying, right, General Second-Class Womanizer.]

Soldier: [You! You dare taunt General Second-Class Zikr!]

Zikr was proud of his title, one which possibly sounded disgraceful; but there was a clear intent to ridicule it in the man’s statement from just now. This caused Zikr’s men to become irate and hostile as a result, but Zikr once again restrained them with one hand,

Zikr: [You are welcome to surrender, though that was not what I was attempting to suggest. Your work has been outstanding. Although we stand on different sides, the fact that you have contributed to the defense of the city is not diminished. Therefore, you will be released.]

Man: [――. You serious?]

Zikr: [Definite punishment or reward is a rule of Vollachia, and the wishes of His Excellency the Emperor.]

The Emperor of Vollachia, who evaluated people on the basis of their ability and achievements, was the foundation of the Empire’s meritocracy, a principle of loyalty that Zikr, too, respected.

However, as soon as the man heard Zikr’s answer, his attitude became blatantly prickly.

The ghastly aura overflowing from his entire body and his eye―― As the right eye of the man was covered by an eye patch, he glared at Zikr with his left; all of his emotions were conveyed through it.

Man: [How can a rebel General who betrayed His Excellency the Emperor and the Empire, joining forces with the enemy, be so shameless as to say that…!? If it were me, I’d be so ashamed of myself that I’d just cut my guts out.]

Zikr: [――――]

Staring fixedly at the man, Zikr only held his breath upon being faced with these words, the source of his intense hostility seemingly laying in his loyalty to the Empire.

This soldier, who had been put in the dungeon, was very likely one of the men who had resisted Vincent’s advice to surrender till the very end, as of the latter’s conquest of Guaral through his scheme. In other words, he was a man that adhered vehemently to the principles of the Empire.

Then――,

Zikr: [If I were to inform you that I, like you, pledge unchanging loyalty to the Empire and to His Excellency the Emperor, would you be willing to listen to me?]

Man: [Ahhn?]

At Zikr’s question, the man opened his left eye wide and let out a boorish voice. He trained his eye on Zikr, seemingly unintimidated by the look in his eye, then after a brief pause, he tossed his swords to the floor.

The swords clattered upon the ground with a high-pitched sound, and the now-unarmed man raised both hands.

Zikr: [Can I take that to mean you are going to listen to me?]

Man: [For now, I’ll stop rampaging as I can die an honorable death. If I were to really try it tho’, I could at least chop the treacherous General’s head off…]

Looking around, the man gazed at Zikr’s subordinates in a provocative fashion. Their alarm was heightened by his gaze, but the man snickered,

Man: [But I won’t. Tho’, if this talk you wanna have’s a boring one…]

Zikr: [I intend for this to be a reasonably interesting conversation. What is your name…?]

Having lowered his weapon so he could step closer, Zikr inquired the man as to his name. For a moment, the man hesitated to answer the question, but as there was no point in deception, scratching his own head, he,

Man: [――Jamal Aurélie. Private First-Class.]

Stated his name and rank.

In response to this attitude, Zikr also gave deep assent with a nod.

Zikr: [Jamal, is it? As you may know, I am Zikr Osman. Having been conferred with the rank of Imperial General Second-Class, I am also known as the Womanizer. Although…]

Jamal: [Ahn?]

Zikr: [I would feel much better if I were to be called the Coward now.]

That moniker, once considered a shame, now took on special prominence in Zikr.

Hearing Zikr’s answer, the man―― Jamal, grimaced with incomprehension. It was evident that Jamal was skilled at arms, but not good at thinking or reasoning.

With that as the case, he may lend an ear if one preached righteousness.

And there――,

???: [――Excuse me, you are the representative of this city, correct?]

Jamal had surrendered, and the City Hall was released from the tension about to burst. Following which, a voice slipped in, as if it had been waiting for the right moment to interrupt.

The quiet, soft tone of that voice struck the eardrums in a way that evoked a sense of relief in those who heard it.

Nevertheless, the unfamiliar voice made Zikr turn around and furrow his curly eyebrows.

The owner of the voice had made their appearance on the stairs connecting the top floor of the command center to the lower floor. Raising his hands as to display they held no hostility, a gray-haired man turned to look at him,

Grey-Haired Man: [Are you General Zikr Osman-san?]

He had not faltered in identifying Zikr as the General, among those wearing the same red uniforms.

Of course, considering the cloak he was donning, and the rank insignia on his shoulders, to spot Zikr as the highest-ranking individual in the room was an easy affair. ――The problem was, the audacity to point that out.

The audacity, to show his face at a command post where there had been a battle just moments before, and name a commander they were unfamiliar with. Zikr wondered about the affiliation of this unassuming, yet unafraid man.

As they were not recognized as being part of the city’s inhabitants, it was likely that they had blended with them during the struggle.

The best answer, in that case, would be that they were――,

Zikr: [A messenger from the Imperial Capital… Perhaps a messenger for us?]

Grey-Haired Man: [Huh? Oh, no no, not at all! It is more complicated for us to explain any more at the moment, but we are not related to the Imperial Capital or anything like that.]

Waving his raised hands in denial, the young man hurriedly denied Zikr’s suspicions. If he were to take his word for it, the young man’s position would become all the more incomprehensible.

So, in Zikr’s stead, as he furrowed his brow, Jamal yelled out a “Bastard!”, gnashing his teeth,

Jamal: [First dibs on him! You come in here after me… I’m gonna kick your ass!]

Grey-Haired Man: [I am very sorry about that. I do not expect that we will be able to have a calm conversation at this point in time. So, if you could just give me permission.]

Jamal: [Permission? Permission for what?]

Grey-Haired Man: [To assist in the treatment of the wounded and in the repair of the city afterwards… To assist with the aftermath of the battle, so to speak. I am certain my companions and I will be able to give a hand in some small way.]

In response to Jamal tensing his cheeks, the young man sighed, speaking “Although”. His own face, somewhat tired and somewhat exasperated, relaxed slightly, and,

Grey-Haired Man: [Since we have already started, approval would be retroactive, if only partially.]

Zikr: [――. I appreciate the offer itself, but it is…]

???: [It’s nothing so complicated , Zikr. There’s no lie in what the man said .]

Before Zikr could ask a litany of questions, a dignified voice that he could not help but listen to attentively interrupted him.

The sound of a cane on the floor echoed sharply, and a shadow approaching the stairs lined up with the young man. It was Mizelda, her valiant figure bathed in blood, which increased her ferocious beauty.

From the looks of it, the entirety of the blood that stained her beautiful body appeared to have been spilled by someone else, as there seemed to be no noticeable external injuries other than her leg, which had been injured previously. Zikr was relieved to see her back in one piece.

Having returned, Mizelda clapped the young man on his thin shoulder like she was familiar with him,

Mizelda: [ This one’s companions have already started their work . I assure you .]

Zikr: [Miss Mizelda, I am so glad you are safe. And him?]

Mizelda: [ I don’t know him . He’s not our enemy , he’s just a guy with a handsome face , so I let him through .]

Zikr: [Miss Mizelda…]

Mizelda’s aesthetic sense was somewhat different from Zikr’s, but she was certainly correct in saying that the young man’s features were pleasing, beautifully arranged.

The atmosphere he let off was somewhat neutral, but there was a strangely strong sense of purpose in his eyes.

That he was not a bad person, was what Zikr believed. But, he also had a gut feeling.

Zikr: [I do not believe that there would be anyone willing to help with this situation and not want something in return. Who are you?]

Grey-Haired Man: [As I said before, the situation is a complicated one to explain. However, I do not intend to be hostile towards you. ――There are people who we are looking for, just that.]

Zikr: [Looking for people…]

Towards Zikr, repeating his words, the young man nodded, followed with a “Yes”.

Then, he removed the green hat he was wearing and placed it on his chest as he bowed, a polite gesture that displayed respect, but not in the way someone from the Empire would do such deed.

Grey-Haired Man: [My name is Otto Suwen. ――I am looking for my friend, as well as my friend’s younger sister.]

Thus, with eyes like those of a cunning hyena, he stated his purpose.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Miles’s mistress, Serena Dracroy, was a High Countess and a woman of fierce character.

As a young woman she had fought hard against the upper echelons of the Empire’s aristocracy, and, in accordance with the code of blood and iron that was the embodiment of the Empire, placed great emphasis on meritocracy, favoring the talented.

On the other hand, she also possessed integrity that did not allow the strong to humiliate the weak as they pleased. For that reason, the children brought home by Miles were not mistreated.

Serena: [I’ve heard about it. Miles, who avoids trouble, has even brought you to this house. He must’ve taken pity on your situation. You’re free to do as you please in my territory.]

Serena smiled broadly, as she welcomed Flop and the other children.

Flop was overwhelmed by the intimidating feeling of being in front of an entity more massive than him in height, which made him want to grovel in his childish heart; also, by the interior of the house, as he had never seen anything so ornate and spacious before.

Miles: [People such as the Countess ain’t got a reason to go out of their way to bully those below them, even if they’ve got the leeway. After all, the adults who beat children were beaten by adults when they were children as well.]

Miles responded as such with his usual coarseness to Flop and the children, who had been bathed in hot water, devoured a belly-filling meal, and changed into clean, good-smelling clothes.

Unlike Medium and the others, whose eyes were turned towards a world where everything they saw and touched was fresh and new, Flop was impressed by a world and way of thinking he was unfamiliar with.

In particular, he was greatly influenced by the philosophies that Miles spoke of so casually.

Without Miles, Flop would never have known that there were ways of seeing and understanding things that he had never known existed in the world.

Above all――,

???: [Oh, we’re the same, aren’t we? Did Big Bro Miles pick you up too?]

Flop, following the back of his sister who had been given freedom to run around the mansion, stopped at a beautiful garden in the vast grounds.

At a time in which he was overwhelmed by the sight of large flowers in full bloom, an oh-so-soft voice called out to his back.

Albeit he was startled, looking around for the source of the voice, he could not find the other person in the garden. As Flop tilted his head at this,

???: [Over here. Sorry about that, I’m down here.]

Flop: [Whoa!]

???: [Oof, what a fall.]

As a head suddenly appeared right in front of him, poking out from just beyond the fence against which he had been leaning to peek into the garden, Flop involuntarily fell backward.

Flop blinked as he was laughed at for falling on his rear.

The person who laughed at Flop’s fall was an older boy, though he still looked somewhat young. He was around twelve or thirteen years old, with a charming face and brown hair.

Flop: […You’re laughing quite a lot, aren’t you?]

Boy: [Oh, sorry sorry. But that just now was something worth seeing. I’d help you up, but I can’t move right now.]

Flop: [Can’t move, you say…]

Standing up, and then patting off his backside, Flop walked around the fence towards the youth. Doing so, he happened upon the boy, sitting cross-legged on the ground with a round mass in his lap.

Upon seeing that, Flop opened his eyes wider in wonder.

Flop: [Is that an egg?]

Boy: [Yes, yes, it’s a big egg, right? It’s actually the egg of a flying dragon.]

Flop: [What are you going to do with the egg of a flying dragon?]

Boy: [I’m going to hatch it, of course.]

The size of the white egg required the boy to hold it with both arms, and as such, he held it close to his body as he gave Flop a broad smile.

――That was the first encounter between the sibling pair of Flop and Medium O’Connell, and Balleroy Temeglyph, the man who would become their sworn brother for the rest of their lives.

△▼△▼△▼△

――It could be said that they had gained more than just knowledge on the threat of the flying dragons.

The threat of their claws and fangs, the breadth of strategies they could employ with their wings, the ferociousness with which they did not hesitate to harm their enemies; all those were more than keenly felt by the sight of the destroyed city, and of those who had been attacked, respectively.

Frankly, it was difficult to understand how anyone could think that such a dangerous creature could be tamed and used so effectively. It seemed like an irreconcilable adversary―― one that was just as dangerous as the giant serpent they had encountered in the Jungle.

However――,

???: [――――]

Rem quietly squinted at the sight outside her window, watching the assortment present in the landscape.

In the garden of the mansion, a flying dragon was resting its wings, and a soldier was feeding it. The flying dragon, counter to the idea of it being supposedly terrifying and ferocious, had a soft look in its eyes and emanated a sweet tone, as it was fed by said soldier.

From Rem’s perspective, having been told that flying dragons were ferocious and vicious, on top of having witnessed their danger firsthand, the appearance of a flying dragon being so friendly towards people was surprising.

She had been told by a girl who was apparently very familiar with dragons that they, proud as they were, were not fond of people. One would not blame them for thinking otherwise.

???: [You seem to be quite gloomy.]

Suddenly, as Rem gazed at the garden, she heard a voice behind her.

However, Rem was not surprised; she was aware that someone was making their way, as the other party made footsteps in their approach.

However, hearing the voice of a stranger, and feeling somewhat tensed given the place she was in,

Rem: [I don’t know if I’m being gloomy, but I do have some thoughts. It’s not a place I wanted to go to, but I was brought here anyway.]

???: [Hm, you are more straightforward than I expected. What a pleasant person.]

Rem: […You would be…]

In the room to which she had been assigned, in a building where even the rooms given to prisoners of war were opulent, Rem asked the identity of the old man who had made his appearance, all while the chair she was on, too luxurious to be comfortable, creaked.

He was an old man with white hair, a white mustache, and eyes as thin as a thread.

His attire was far from that of a warrior, and one could only assume that he was a person of high ranking.

His behavior and age, as well as the fact that the soldiers guarding Rem straightened their postures and bowed their heads, all suggested that he was in a particularly high position.

At Rem’s unreserved stare, the old man gave a light wave of his hand, gesturing for the soldiers on guard to leave the room. The soldiers immediately obeyed, and bowing, they left the room.

And so, once the old man was alone with Rem in the room, with his hand he indicated the seat opposite the one in which Rem was sitting, and,

Old Man: [May I sit down?]

Rem: […Go ahead.]

The old man took his seat right in front of Rem in a lax manner, the latter having assented with a nod.

Facing Rem directly, he stroked his chin with his finger, and spoke,

Old Man: [Have you heard anything from her about me?]

Rem: [No, nothing. I’ve heard nothing but “heal him” and “rest”, and “if you try anything funny, I’ll kill you”.]

Ruminating on the instructions of the master of the house―― Madelyn, who would not listen to her, Rem shook her head.

Rem was under house arrest, guards posted on her. She had been given strict orders to not attempt an escape; while she had no intention of running away, it was true that it was not a very pleasant situation.

The old man then nodded his head, responding with “I understand”,

Old Man: [I possess a few issues regarding her attitude towards a guest. I shall give General First-Class Madelyn a word of caution.]

Rem: […You can caution her?]

Rem was taken aback by the words of the unfamiliar old man.

Having spent neither a long nor a short time with Madelyn between the events at the Fortress City and being brought to this mansion, Rem was annoyed at her lack of communication.

Madelyn was obstinate and headstrong, although her having a persuadable candor had been her saving grace.

Rem: [I believed she was someone who didn’t like to be told what to do by others. That if someone were to tell her something, she would become angry and violent immediately…]

And having conveyed her own feelings to such an extent, Rem put a hand of hers on top of the other.

Now that she mulled over it calmly, she felt ashamed of herself, wondering what kind of face she was making as she declared that, as a person who had once broken another person’s finger because she had not harkened to what they had to say.

However, the old man broke a slight smile at Rem’s self-reflection with a “Hmm”,

Old Man: [Contrary to your expectations, you are not mistaken in that. Even if it pains me to hear it. In fact, she failed to follow my instructions correctly this time as well. However――]

Rem: [――――]

Old Man: [This time, though, another factor was seemingly more important than the whims of General First-Class Madelyn.]

The old man maintained his lips relaxed, but the hint of a smile had disappeared from the tone of his voice.

Rem held her breath for a moment as she was shot by his gaze, something beyond those narrow, penetrating eyes seemingly assessing her. The gaze had eloquently regarded Rem as “another factor”.

And that factor, had brought undesirable consequences for the old man before her.

Rem: […Who, are you?]

Old Man: [I apologize for the late introduction. I am the Prime Minister of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Berstetz Fondalfon.]

Rem: [Prime Minister, Berstetz…]

The old man―― Berstetz, reverently bent at the waist in response to the question.

As soon as Rem heard his name and position, her cheeks became even stiffer, and she tensed her shoulders even more.

She remembered hearing both the name and the position.

Rem: [So, you are…]

Berstetz: [Yes. ――I am the enemy of His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Abellux.]

Rem: [――――]

He asserted such without hesitation, and once again Rem was left unable to carry on speaking.

It was an affirmation of what she already knew, but she had not expected it to be spoken in such a straight-forward fashion. Additionally, at the same time, this was a major problem which she had gotten roped up in, regardless of whether she liked it or not. The fact that she had ended up being brought to the place closest to this maelstrom was something she could not help but conceive as being terribly out-of-place and ironic.

It should be Abel, Priscilla, and Subaru here, and not herself, to begin with.

With that point in mind, Rem was glad that Subaru was not at this place.

Rem: [Had he been here by himself, he would’ve been reckless, definitely…]

There was no room for doubt about the black-haired boy’s quick thinking and his ability to stretch the boundaries of one’s imagination. Even in this situation, he would cause outlandish events beyond Rem’s imagination.

In that sense, it was a good thing he had not been in the city at the time of the flying dragons’ raid. It was unlikely that he would have been able to do anything about it, and would only obtain even more injuries.

However――,

Rem: [――――]

However, I wonder, when he learns that I was taken away by Madelyn, how he will feel.

So terrible was it, that Rem’s chest was tormented by the pain of the sharp blade that was her imagination.

Rem: [――. So you know that Abel-san is the real Emperor, correct?]

Forcing herself to ignore the pain of the deep cut remaining in her heart, Rem asked Berstetz a question. To that, he responded with a curt “Yes”,

Berstetz: [Of course. Allowing him to escape was a blunder, but after that, things have been proceeding according to plan. Or should I say, they were. As, in fact, the destruction of Guaral was left unfinished.]

Rem: [Why did you do that to Abel-san? I can’t imagine what it must be like to come up with the resolution to do something like rebel… Is it because of Abel-san’s personality?]

Berstetz: [We do not seek individual personality in the Emperor, the pinnacle of the nation. Personal feelings and attachments are trivial, from the perspective of running a nation. If there is anything to look for, that would only be competence, and the trust and performance of a person able to fulfill their responsibilities.]

Shaking his head leisurely, Berstetz responded with an emotionless voice and expression.

The tone of his voice never wavered, the expression on his face never changed in the slightest. Rem’s lack of life experience, coupled with Berstetz’s superior communication skills, made it impossible for her to read his inner thoughts.

He was emotionless and therefore lying, or he was being truthful; which was it?

However, it was her opinion that she wanted to believe what she was told, that Abel’s character had not been the reason for raising a rebellion.

Rem had witnessed the blood and death of so many in the Fortress City. Not only those who had died, but also Rem herself, would not be convinced that Abel’s bad character was the reason for it.

Therefore――,

Rem: [Are you saying that you ousted Abel-san because he’s unfit to be Emperor?]

Berstetz: [Ousting, was not my intention. That is merely hindsight.]

Rem: [What about Abel-san was lacking? I don’t know the burden that the position of Emperor carries, nor the abilities required, but I believe… he’s an excellent person.]

Rem wondered to herself why she felt compelled to defend Abel, but Rem chose her words to convince the nagging feeling inside of her.

In fact, his capability to fight aside, Abel stood out for his wit and his stores of wisdom.

The fact that Mizelda, Zikr, and even Subaru were willing to follow his reasoning, was evidence that he also possessed the leadership skills to convince others of such opinions.

Although she did not understand the particulars, Rem believed that was a quality of those standing at the pinnacle, as well.

And that would be something necessary for the one at the highest seat in the nation.

That――,

Berstetz: [I have yet to hear your name, Healer-dono.]

Rem: […Rem, it seems.]

Berstetz: [Hmm.]

Partly because of animosity toward Berstetz, she informed it as some sort of hearsay.

Rem had already accepted that her name was “Rem”, understandably so. Ever since she had identified herself to Priscilla with poise―― or from the time she allowed Subaru to call her that.

Anyhow, familiarizing his tongue with Rem’s name, Berstetz let out a small exhale, and then,

Berstetz: [Rem-dono, how many successors do you believe His Excellency the Emperor has at present?]

Rem: [Succe… ssors… Uhh, you mean children, is that it?]

Berstetz: [Yes.]

As Berstetz nodded serenely, Rem pictured Abel in her mind.

Rem had no memories, but that did not signify she had lost all the knowledge acquired before she lost them. Rem had also kept the knowledge of how human beings reproduced.

However, it was doubtful that Abel would be able to establish a relationship as proper as that with another person. In the first place, Rem could not imagine a woman who would be able to stand on the same level as Abel.

Rem: [I can’t imagine it. I guess there aren’t any?]

Berstetz: [――. You understand very well. You are correct, none exist.]

Rem: [Oh, of course it’s like that. Though I guess that’s doing Abel-san――]

A discourtesy , Rem was about to continue, only for her to interrupt her words there.

Not that Berstetz had stated anything towards Rem, nor that she had been told to be silent; it was, however, that the narrowed eyes of the silent old man opened slightly. His expression, eyes visible behind it, came right up close to Rem’s face. Rem’s voice was silenced by an aura so ghastly that it was unfathomable.

Quietly, Berstetz placed his hand on the table between them. Silently overflowing from his entire body, was unimaginable, intense rage.

Berstetz: [There are no successors, you see. ――Therein lies the problem.]

Rem: [――Ah.]

Berstetz: [The Empire must be strong. Otherwise, this nation will…]

As Rem before him let out a hoarse breath, Berstetz cut off her speech, opened his fist placed atop the table, and exhaled.

Then, once again hiding his eyes behind his eyelids, the old man looked at Rem.

Berstetz: [I beg your pardon. This is the first time I have been a rebel, and I must say that I have become slightly agitated.]

Rem: […Why, are you saying this now, to me?]

Berstetz: [――――]

Rem: [Telling me all this wasn’t necessary.]

Berstetz’s words were loaded not with emotion, but with something much weightier and clearer.

Rem did not feel that it had been a lie, but that was exactly why she was questioning him. Why had he allowed Rem to hear such things?

Rem did not consider herself to be in such an important position, and in fact, she certainly was not in one.

There were times when Rem happened to be in a position close to Abel and Priscilla, but that was merely because of how things had come to pass, not because Rem was special.

Rem: [So why?]

Berstetz: […You are a healer, and belong to the oni race. I would like to bring you in if possible. You are a precious existence.]

Rem: [――――]

Albeit not a lie, that answer was not entirely true.

However, Berstetz seemed to have resolved not to dedicate any more time to Rem, who was in search of further answers. Slowly, the old man rose from the chair in which he had been sitting.

Berstetz: [I would like to converse with you a little longer, but a man like me has things he must do. Excuse me for inconveniencing you for a while now, but I will offer to make things as accommodating as possible for those in the mansion, so please, be at ease.]

Rem: […Berstetz-san, what are you, in regards to Madelyn-san?]

Berstetz: [Calling me a collaborator would be most appropriate. Of course, there is the impression that, in her point of view, she is utilizing a wise human being. This mansion is also my mansion.]

Unexpectedly shrugging his burly shoulders, Berstetz answered that, which prompted Rem to look around the room and towards the garden.

Since Madelyn spent her time there as if she owned the place, one would assume that it was her mansion, but it seemed that even that turned out to be wrong. However, the elegance of the building and its interiors convinced Rem.

Rem: [But I don’t think I can spend my time lounging around, nor do I want to.]

Berstetz: [A candid manner of speech, quite delightful. So, once again, good health to you, Rem-dono.]

Donning a minute smile, Berstetz once again bent at the waist and left the room.

She considered attempting to stop him, but unable to find the right words to say, and judging herself to perhaps be unable to stop him, Rem went without saying anything.

Replacing Berstetz who had left the room, the guards who had been sent outside returned.

Their stern stares directed at her, Rem once again looked out.

The flying dragon had just finished its meal, and was now slowly flapping its wings to take to the skies, on its back the man who had fed it.

Rem: [――――]

Though it was a ferocious, fearsome flying dragon, to be carried atop its back in flight was exhilarating.

She had not had the leisure to enjoy it given the circumstances, of course; they had been transported from Guaral to their destination in less than a day, making her wonder just what had their journey so far been.

While Rem treated the wounded Flop, Madelyn had brought them here――,

Rem: [――The Imperial Capital, Lupugana.]

The city where Abel aspired to reclaim his throne, after having been ousted from it.

With the Crystal Palace at the heart of the city in the distance, Rem was being held captive. Touching the unopenable window, and ascertaining the feel of the glass on her fingertips, she had a sudden thought.

Rem: […Him.]

Would pain run through his heart when he learned Rem was gone?

A pain in his heart, just like Rem’s own, which felt like a blade piercing deep into her heart.

From where these sort of thoughts in her mind originated, Rem did not know.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Flop slowly opened his eyes, and gazed upon the ceiling of an unfamiliar room.

Flop: [――――]

He spent a moment organizing his thoughts, quickly observing his surroundings to assess the situation.

It was his habit as a peddler who often camped out in the wild. Of course, his sister, who possessed a sense of intuition sharper than his, would be in charge of staying vigilant, but that was no reason for him to slacken.

It was possible that his poor reactions could make the difference between life and death. So, getting out of bed as quickly as possible was a skill that he had learned as a matter-of-course in order to survive――,

Flop: [This place… Ugh!]

The moment he tried to look around while being careful, he raised a scream as his chest spasmed from a terrible pain.

If this were outside in the middle of the night, he would have been very foolish to let beasts know of his whereabouts. Nevertheless, what had already been done, had been done.

So that he would recover, with labored breaths, Flop attempted to upright himself, and,

Flop: [W-what the… I can’t move at all…!]

Not only was he unable to put strength into his arms, but the soft bed sucked his weight in. His whole body sank softly, yet if he were told that it was acting as more of a cage than a bed, he would have believed it.

Nevertheless, he squirmed and struggled in a desperate attempt to somehow make it out,

Flop: [This, this…! This is really tough!]

???: [――. You’re quite the strange person.]

Flop: [Wha!? Who’s there!?]

Behind Flop as he struggled with the bed, a high-pitched voice was heard, hence he tried to turn around. But his efforts were in vain, his impaired body would not even turn around properly.

As Flop struggled like a fish on land, a deep sigh was heard,

???: [It is I, the dragon. Your wounds are in the process of healing, so stop getting worked up for nothing.]

The other party stepping towards the bedside as they spoke, Flop exhaled faintly.

A girl with sky-blue hair, golden eyes, and two black horns on her head―― Madelyn. An Imperial General First-Class who had attacked the Fortress City, the existence known as the Flying Dragon General.

And, from what Flop last remembered――,

Flop: [If I remember correctly, your claws ripped into me and it hurt quite a lot…]

Madelyn: [Correct. This dragon’s claws tore the life out of you… That girl friggin’ healed you.]

Flop: [That girl… Oh right.]

Averting her gaze, Madelyn muttered that with an uncomfortable expression on her face. Her words brought a visage to Flop’s mind, causing him to comprehend the event that had befallen him.

At the same time he remembered that, in his fading consciousness, he had asked her―― he had asked Rem to do something horrible.

Flop: [Miss Madelyn, is that correct? I’ve got to ask, what happened to Guaral? That city went through an awfully large explosion, plus an attack by your friends.]

Madelyn: [――――]

Flop: [So, seeing as I barely escaped with my life, I think Wife-san and I survived. But that result’s the second worst one in my opinion. Of course, the worst outcome would’ve been the one in which Wife-san and I both died.]

Holding up a finger, Flop kept talking and directed this question at Madelyn.

Madelyn maintained her uncomfortable expression as she looked sideways at his finger. Thinking this was a sign this was leading down a reluctant topic for her, Flop pressed on.

Flop: [I don’t know, Miss Madelyn. Your face makes it look like you’re unhappy or sulking. My little sister used to fidget like that too when sulking. The fact that she doesn’t look low-key at all when doing so, given her body’s so big, is cute; but I guess you’re like that as well?]

Madelyn: […fe.]

Flop: [Yes? What is it?]

Madelyn: [The city’s friggin’ safe! I wasn’t able to friggin’ destroy it completely! Is that what you friggin’ want!?]

Displaying her sharp fangs, Madelyn roared back at Flop’s words. Flop breathed a long sigh of relief, feeling the illusion of a furious breath of air run over his body.

“Safe”, was not a very appropriate answer considering what Flop remembered of Guaral’s state, but Madelyn did state she was unable to destroy the city.

If that was the case, then――,

Flop: [Wife-san used my life well, didn’t she…]

Flop thought back on his deed right before he lost consciousness, when his awareness was vague, his ears filled with a ringing sound.

Madelyn had been so greatly upset by the sight of Flop bleeding and on the verge of losing his life, that he had caught sight of it in the corner of his eye. She seemed to have been questioning Flop about something, as if clinging onto it.

So the thought that his life could be made useful had come to him. An agreement could be made, where, in exchange for saving Flop’s life, Madelyn could be granted the answer that she desired, meaning that the possibility of Guaral escaping its predicament did exist.

That the pacifist Rem would be capable of making such a cold-hearted decision was unthinkable to him. It must have put a tremendous burden on her, even though, considering the current situation, it appeared she had been successful.

Flop: [Where’s Wife-san, the one who healed my wounds?]

Madelyn: […She was friggin’ brought along as well. That was the condition I, the dragon, proposed, and she accepted it. This dragon keeps her promises. I’ll make sure she friggin’ keeps her promise to this dragon, too.]

Flop: [Promise…]

Madelyn: [This.]

Flop was relieved to hear that Rem was safe. But then an ornament bearing the fang of a beast―― or rather, the fang of a dragon painted red, was pushed into his view.

A precious item that Flop usually wore around his neck, and carried with him without letting it part from his skin.

It was held against the tip of Flop’s nose, as he laid prone on the bed.

Flop: [Oh, you picked that up for me? Thank you so much for that. It’s a very, very precious thing. I’d be incapable of living on just fine and make myself look happy. That’s why…]

Madelyn: [――Carillon.]

Flop: [――――]

Reaching out, Flop attempted to retrieve the fang. But Madelyn easily dodged Flop’s hand and, instead of returning the object, she uttered a name.

The name caused Flop to hold his breath, and Madelyn continued.

Madelyn: [This is Carillon’s fang. Why the frig’ do you have it?]

Twice Madelyn voiced Carillon, he had unmistakably heard that name.

It would be impossible for him to mishear it. Because that name was――,

Madelyn: [Friggin’ answer! Why do you have Carillon’s…]

Flop: [I was there when Carillon was born. I thought up its name together with them. With Big Bro Miles and Balleroy.]

Madelyn: [――Hk.]

Flop: [When its fangs were replaced by new ones, we received one as a commemoration. It was proof of the bond with my sworn brother… my family. That’s why my sister and I have Carillon’s fangs.]

Quietly, Flop replied, as if lifting the lid on a precious treasure chest deep inside his heart.

He responded to the questions about the origin of the flying dragon fang swinging in Madelyn’s hand. Their precious family members―― their benefactor and their sworn brother, a memento of two people no longer in the world.

Upon hearing the answer, Madelyn was rendered speechless, her lips quivering, her eyes widened.

Based on her reaction, and on the fact that she was familiar with Carillon’s name, Flop also made some assumptions, and, prefacing with “May I?”,

Flop: [Where did you get Carillon’s name? You even recognized its fangs at a single glance. I don’t think that the relationship you had was a fleeting one. Besides, you…]

Madelyn: [――Hk.]

Flop: [You’re the girl who took Balleroy’s place as Ninth. Perhaps you’d known Balleroy and Carillon for some time?]

Her reaction expressed her pain; hounding the young-looking Madelyn like this made his chest hurt

However, Flop’s chest had once suffered a pain more intense compared to that of seeing Madelyn in pain, and because of that very same topic. Nothing in the world was more devastating than the face of his sobbing sister, for him.

So he did not hesitate in cornering Madelyn, to get to the bottom of what laid within her heart.

――Balleroy Temeglyph.

One of the Nine Divine Generals of the Vollachian Empire, a sworn brother to Flop and Medium, a rebel who had lost his life in a revolt against the Emperor. A kind and beloved man, who deeply loved his dear dragon Carillon and his benefactor Miles.

What was the relationship between him and Madelyn?

And――,

Flop: [Why did you become a Divine General?]

Madelyn: [――For revenge.]

There was a beat of hesitation before she gave her answer, but the words that came out were transparent.

Madelyn’s lips quivered, her eyes widened; slowly, her expression changed as her golden eyes were filled by the fury that had wrought the distortion of her face―― a radiant rage.

The violent rage of the little girl accompanied by dragons, scorched Flop’s entire body as he lay down on the bed.

Madelyn’s rage was of such violence as to make him hallucinate that.

Madelyn revealed that she had taken up the position of Divine General to seek revenge.

The word “revenge” was something Flop also had thoughts about. ――For Flop, it was his life’s goal. However, his target for revenge was not a single person, but rather the world.

Revenge against the world itself, a world in which people were forced to make decisions against their will.

The anger in Madelyn’s eyes, however, was wholly different.

As for the violent emotion that burned in her golden eyes, he knew who it should be directed at.

Flop: [For whose sake do you want to exact revenge?]

Madelyn: […For Balleroy, revenge for the man who was to be this dragon’s mate.]

Flop: [――――]

Madelyn: [I, the dragon, will never forgive the one who killed this dragon’s darling. For that reason――]

She would exact revenge for Balleroy’s death; Madelyn’s small frame overflowed with rage as she replied.

Flop did not know how Balleroy and Madelyn had met, what experiences they had gone through, or what form their bond had taken.

However, he did understand that Madelyn lamented and mourned his death from the bottom of her heart.

And so, therefore, that was why――,

Flop: [――Who is Balleroy’s killer? How can your revenge be fulfilled?]

If Medium were the one present here, she would certainly have embraced Madelyn out-right.

If it were Medium, who had shed a waterfall of tears and wailed loudly at the deaths of Balleroy and Miles, she would certainly have taught Madelyn how to cry.

Someone dear to her had been killed. And at that fact, Madelyn was furious.

She did not know how to grieve. As a being of tremendous power with black horns, a being to whom flying dragons obeyed, she could only think of a single way to grieve. Rage.

And it was the same with Flop, who had forgotten how to cry.

And so――,

Madelyn: [The one who caused Balleroy’s death was――]

Flop’s question was answered by Madelyn, as she squeezed her small hands.

Her darling stolen from her, and having been dispossessed of a place to pour her love in, keeping it within her petite body, Madelyn allowed the embers of her anger to burn in place of shedding tears, resolving to exact vengeance.

Flop: [――――]

And Flop, upon hearing that name woven by Madelyn’s mouth, closed his eyes.

He closed his eyes, kept his silence. For once, he forgot the ache of the still-healing wound which Madelyn had torn into his chest, and surrendered himself to the darkness behind his eyelids.

On closing his eyes, he could still recall the faces of those dear to him.

Miles: [You and Medium ain’t thinking straight. Those who should stay at the Countess’s place, I won’t be able to take care of y’all, good grief.]

Balleroy: [This is Big Bro Miles’s way of showing his concern. Though, if you were to stay here, he’d end up takin’ care of you forever. He ain’t very up-front, now is he?]

Miles: [Shut your trap, Lil’ Balle! Those who get ahead in life shouldn’t come back so often!!]

Balleroy: [Nah, that wouldn’t be like me. Spending time here with Big Bro Miles, Flop, Medi and the others, that’s far more suited to me. Ain’t that right?]

This brought back fond memories of Balleroy, who had gone out of his way to come from afar and stop by on the day of departure, and Miles, as well as those two’s late-night exchange.

With a big wave of his hand, he and Medium both left the place that had taken care of them for so long, and then――,

And then, having finally arrived at the Imperial Capital, Flop O’Connell’s blue eyes were alight.

With those eyes of his lit up, his lips weaved words.

They were――,

Flop: [――Ah, so you were Balleroy’s killer. Village Chief-kun… Or rather, Emperor Vincent Vollachia.]

--- Chapter 61: Welcome, to the Gladiator Island! ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――He felt like he had been left behind in a cold, dark place.

The place was dark as if he had closed his eyes, cold as if he had pressed his cheeks against a discarded clump of iron. He desperately sought salvation, feeling his entire body bound by chains of captivity.

That was also why he kept stretching out his hand, as if in a trance, looking for anything he could find.

However, that was not why he had stretched out his hand towards the looming white light at the very end.

The light―― rather, its identity was that of a girl, with a tragic look of determination hidden on her face. He had stretched out his hand towards her, not because he was seeking salvation from her, but because he felt he needed to save her.

And so, bending the chains that prevented him from moving his body even an inch, he reached out a hand, his own hand.

He reached out his hand and――.

???: [――It’s so small.]

As he muttered that, Natsuki Subaru stared at his own hand, now reflected in his blurred vision.

The hand being held up to the ceiling, palm facing out, was his own one, extending out from his shoulder. It clenched and closed, moving just as he willed. Without a doubt, it was his.

However, it was the hand of a child, a size smaller than Subaru had expected.

Meaning――,

Subaru: [I didn’t turn back to normal…]

That had been his chance to get out of his hopeless situation, he should have attained it after going through untold hardship. He had literally put his life on the line over and over again for this, or so it seemed, and yet, the result had slipped from his hands.

Just how many sacrifices had he made for what had left his hands?

Just. How many. Sacrifices――,

Subaru: [――!? That’s right, the hell am I doing!?]

A jolt suddenly running through his bleary consciousness, Subaru brought the hand he had been staring at to his face.

The memories that came streaming back to him were those of the strange situation he had encountered at the Demon City, as well as the dangerous game of tag with Olbart, where he had been put through the wringer; so much so, that that had been worse than the former.

Subaru had managed to seize victory after accumulating countless “deaths”. He should have succeeded in getting his victor’s dues―― namely, in getting rid of his infantilization.

Subaru also recalled Olbart touching his chest to try and undo his infantilization.

And immediately after that, he felt like someone had whispered the soul language of love into his ears, and――,

Subaru: [I passed out after that, and then… And then?]

Subaru attempted to search his fuzzy memories for what had happened. However, even when he pushed and pulled, the door that held his interrupted memories within refused to open.

Firmly clenching his back teeth together, Subaru grew more and more impatient, as he felt how stubborn this door was――,

???: [――Now, now, let’s take it easy, no need to get flustered. Luckily, y’all made it out with your lives, so you can take your time to do stuff after the lil’ missy that came with you wakes up.]

Subaru: [――Huh?]

Suddenly, Subaru heard a voice coming from right beside him, turning to look at it in dumbfoundment. As he lay on a hard bed, his eyes met with someone resting their chin on their hands there.

This someone was grinning from ear-to-ear, peering right up close into his face.

Subaru: [UWAHHH!?]

???: [Whoa there. Love the reaction, but it’s best you keep things on the downlow. If we’re too noisy, we’ll catch the Island Chief’s eye, and they’ll put together a bothersome fight to the death. But then again…]

Subaru: [Uh, ah, uh…]

???: [Though it may be in bad taste, I don’t dislike it, rather, I quite like it.]

In front of Subaru, who jumped to his feet without thinking and darted his eyes about in bewilderment, was a blue-haired individual, boasting ever so nonchalantly.

He had his long hair tied up into a ponytail, and was donning something reminiscent of Japanese-style garb, the likes of which were seldom seen here. Left astonished by how unfamiliar he looked, Subaru took a deep gulp before he chose his words, and his questions.

Not only the other party was unfamiliar, but also the place, the environment, the atmosphere――,

Subaru: […Who are you? Where are we?]

???: [――Oh, how splendid! What great questions! Just as I’d expected… No, it surpasses even my expectations!!]

Subaru: [Bweh?]

Subaru carefully tried to gauge his attitude; however, the other person, his eyes sparkling, quickly took Subaru’s hand, shaking it up and down with such force that the latter thought his shoulder might be torn off.

It was not like Subaru had been keeping his guard down. Yet, despite that, it felt like he could not react at all.

Before the flabbergasted Subaru, the individual let go of his arm with a “Whew”, and spun around once on the spot, as if dancing, and said,

???: [You, who have crossed the black lake and reached this island―― the Gladiator Island Ginunhive! You, with that unpleasant look to your eyes, swirling with such wonderful premonitions! I shall indeed answer you!]

Both his tone and gestures were theatrical, and for someone he’d just met, he was rather ill-mannered. However, he showed no signs of knowing what Subaru was thinking, and instead brazenly stuck to his attitude, his theatrics.

Almost like he was an actor on a stage, basking himself in a round of thunderous applause like it was natural――.

???: [――Cecilus Segmunt.]

The way he stretched out his arms to the left and right as he voiced his name, made it look like he was doing a pose straight out of a kabuki . [1]

Naturally, kabuki should not exist in this world, so he probably was not imitating an actual one. Even so, the pose he had struck had such a punch to it, that it robbed Subaru of his breath.

Then again, what had taken Subaru’s breath away was not merely his powerful pose, but also how familiar his name sounded. Where had he heard it before? As soon as he recalled, he frowned.

He had heard it straight from Abel.

If he was not mistaken, his name belonged to one of the Nine Divine Generals――.

Cecilus: [I am Vollachia’s Blue Lightning. ――The lead actor of this world.]

Subaru gawked as he heard him grandiosely declare that before him.

Both his name and title were consistent with what Subaru recalled. ――However, there was just one thing that stood as a huge issue.

Namely――,

Subaru: [――Vollachia’s strongest, is a child?]

――Cecilus Segmunt, smiling right before him, was a child around the same age as the shrunken Subaru, with the very vibe of an obnoxious brat.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The severe impact of “infantilization” was taking a toll on Natsuki Subaru’s mind and body alike.

The physical effects were easy to understand. As one would expect from Subaru’s current outward appearance, what he possessed amounted only to the physical capabilities of a kid roughly ten years of age. His arm and leg strength, and, naturally, his stamina and explosive strength, all had been reverted to a prepubescent state.

However, there were doubts as to just how useful Subaru’s original physical abilities were to begin with, by the standards of this other world. So it was probably safe to say that the difference was small, as much as he would hate to admit it.

Far more serious, however, was the impact to his interior, rather than his exterior.

Subaru: [Maybe my head’s all messed up…]

It was a misleading way of putting it, but it was a simple way of expressing the bad situation Subaru was in.

His ability to conceive, think, and draw on knowledge, was weakening. Although he was using the same desk as before, his ability to open drawers was weaker and he was unable to reach the drawers that were higher-up.

――At the tower of the Crimson Lapis Castle, the infernal game of tag unfolded, from Olbart’s authorship.

The abnormally high number of attempts he had taken to implement a countermeasure had very much been influenced by the regression in his ability to think. He was sure that before the shrinkage, he would have found the solution a little faster.

Probably, he would have come up with that idea, and put an end to that ordeal faster, to the point he would not have felt any pain.

Fortunately, at that time, it was not Subaru himself, but everyone who was important to Subaru that saved him.

He had felt everyone’s voices, their support, echoing in his head, and――,

Subaru: [No, no, that’s not it…]

Suddenly, something slowly welled up within his heart, and Subaru hurriedly got rid of it with his hand.

The mixed feelings of relief and melancholy were probably a feeling more akin to homesickness. Before the infantilization, he would have been able to bear those feelings considering the chaos and his sense of responsibility, but it seemed that his childish body had even lowered the bulwark that protected against him tearing up. If he was not careful, he would likely break down crying.

Subaru: [… Don’t cry, don’t cry. Am I an idiot? No, I am definitely an idiot.]

No matter how much he may mourn, he could not borrow strength from those not present.

Letting friction evaporate the tears, Subaru tried his utmost to get back to the main point. He had to, as it would be the only way he would ever get a chance to reunite with everyone.

What was important now, was neither his own weak mind nor his budding sense of nostalgia. Rather, what he needed to focus on most was the essence of his predicament.

Namely――.

Subaru: [Did I ever hear from Abel or Zikr-san about the age of the First…?]

Sniffling, Subaru searched his memory for the answer to his question.

Cecilus Segmunt―― he had heard that he was the strongest amongst the Nine Divine Generals of Vollachia. That meant he was the most powerful person in the Empire.

The reason why they had gone to the Demon City of Chaosflame in the first place was to get Yorna, one of the Nine Divine Generals, to become their ally. In order to regain the throne, their side needed to attain as many Nine Divine Generals as possible.

Then, of course, it should have been natural to properly discuss the topic of the person who was ranked First.

So, he pried open that stiff drawer, searching for some answer, but――,

Subaru: [The only things I can recall are that he’s unpopular, and therefore, not very reliable…]

He was not sure whether that was because that part had bore the greatest impact on him, or because that was all he had actually been told, but that was all the information Subaru possessed regarding the First.

Unfortunately, he was unable to find any information about his appearance, his age or anything of the like, which were what he wished to know at this moment.

Subaru: [But if it’s about being unpopular because he’s a child, then I can see why without a hitch.]

In the Empire, where the strongest were esteemed, it would be strange for the one most powerful to be unpopular.

If this were because the strongest person was a child, it would make sense. Many adults would be reluctant to follow a child, no matter how strong they were.

So, as Subaru came to terms with this prior information and his new knowledge,

Cecilus: [――It seems you’ve come to some kinda conclusion.]

To this statement, Subaru looked up to see a blue-haired boy―― Cecilus, standing in front of him, donning the same grandiose pose he had adopted earlier.

Having left him standing there, Subaru, who had been lost in thought, blinked his eyes and said,

Subaru: [S-sorry, I left you there for a while.]

Cecilus: [Ah, no, not at all, don’t worry about me. I’m often left out of discussions, after all! I’m used to being left alone and not talked to, hahaha!]

Subaru: [I-is that so…]

Cecilus flashed his white teeth, blithely laying bare his sad situation.

Although he was taken aback by this attitude, he felt glad that his rude response had not spoiled his mood. After all, he had a lot of questions that he wanted to ask him.

He wanted to tilt his head in puzzlement, not knowing which of the many questions to start with.

Subaru: [Sorry for being rude, again, I apologize. I…]

Cecilus: [Like. I. Said! There’s no problem. Of course, that doesn’t mean that rudeness, disrespect, and acting without consideration for others are acceptable, but I’ve got the openness to tolerate those to some extent. If you’re intolerant, small, and superficial, then isn’t it just like playing a minor role and getting the short end of the stick?]

Subaru: [Y-yeah, you’re right. Thank you, that helps. On that note, I…]

Cecilus: [That reminds me! I didn’t ask you this because you were absorbed in your thinking, but how did you feel about that pose? Since I put my all into this pose, I’d gladly like to hear your reaction. I was thinking if adding this to my introduction would give it the last push it needed!]

Subaru: [W-wait a second, please, I was talking…]

Cecilus: [Oh yeah! There’s some other things I want to ask, I’m pretty interested in those! What do you think!? If you could tell me something about that in great detail, I’d――]

Subaru: [――Listen to me!]

Even though he attempted to speak calmly, all of his attempts were interrupted by the lightning-fast speech of the other party.

Fearing that he would be swept away by the momentum of the conversation, Subaru involuntarily let out a loud yell. After doing so, Subaru felt shock, as Cecilus’s almond-shaped eyes widened,

Cecilus: [Oh, by any chance, did I do it again?]

Subaru: [Nowadays you practically never hear that kind of level of a template response…] [2]

Cecilus: [ Lebel ? Tenprate ?]

Subaru: [Uhmm, it’s a phrase from my hometown, meaning something like standard or cliché.]

Cecilus: [Hoho, your hometown’s! That’s very interesting! Ah, I guess this one was no good.]

With a twinkle in his eye, the Blue Lightning was quick to pounce on the object of his curiosity.

Perhaps that nickname of his also symbolized his personality, which was too honest in regards to his desires, as if he were lightning searching for a high place to fall on. He was a completely restless character.

――But perhaps, he was rather concealing his true character with an act.

Cecilus: [Now now, what will you talk about? I can’t stop the throbbing in my chest, getting to hear what you have to say next! Haaa~, I feel so aliiive!]

Subaru: […It doesn’t look like a performance, at all.]

With sparkling eyes, the boy desired that words from Subaru’s mouth formed a story.

His attitude, seemingly entirely divorced from any deception or conspiracy, made Subaru wonder if Cecilus could even tell a lie. In the first place, what would be the point of setting such a trap for Subaru now?

Had he not been with Abel, Subaru would not have drawn any attention whatsoever in the Empire. ――Of course, there were exceptions who had attempted to aim at Subaru’s life without relent.

Subaru: [But those are exceptions, and I don’t want to see them again if possible.]

Cecilus: [――? What’s wrong?]

Subaru: [Ah, I was just talking to myself. Also, I’m Natsuki Subaru… Gah.]

With Cecilus tilting his head in confusion, Subaru voiced his name in order to dodge his doubt, but realized his carelessness in revealing his true identity.

At the time he had been cross-dressing, Subaru had assumed the name of Natsumi Schwartz, with prudence as to not spread his name in the Empire carelessly, but his childish thoughtlessness had ruined that.

If by some chance, by some small possibility, Cecilus, someone with the position of General First-Class of the Empire, were aware of the Royal Selection of the neighboring country of the Kingdom of Lugunica, and of the people involved in it, then――,

Cecilus: [Natsuki Subaru, is it? It’s got a curious sound to it, but somehow, it rolls off the tongue quite smoothly. By the way, which is the family name, Natsuki or Subaru?]

Subaru: [――. M-my family name’s Natsuki, and given name’s Subaru.]

Cecilus: [Hahaaa, noted. Then I’ll call you Subaru-san! But if I find a better way to call you, I’ll just change it depending on my mood, so don’t be taken aback.]

Waving his hand in the air, Cecilus replied with a face that betrayed any hint of recognition.

Subaru was relieved to hear this, but at the same time, a slight doubt grew in his mind. ――Was this child really Cecilus Segmunt?

Subaru: [――――]

On second thought, anyone could just assert a potential identity. Of course the boy in front of him could do that, just like how Subaru identified himself as Natsuki Subaru.

Of course, the name and alias of the Blue Lightning, the strongest in Vollachia, were renowned.

It would be too much to expect to run into the strongest man in Vollachia in some unfamiliar, dodgy place like this one. Furthermore, it was more likely that this could just be some kid posing as the Blue Lightning because they admired the name and title. That would be a much more natural thought.

Cecilus: [Deary me. What’s with the suspicious look in your eyes? Is it something about me?]

Subaru: […Are you, the real Blue Lightning?]

Cecilus: [There it is! They said it again! Just like every time!]

Since probing someone out was not his strength, he threw a fastball at Cecilus, who immediately let out uproarious laughter.

He wondered if he could continue to call this boy Cecilus, but it seemed that people other than Subaru also harbored doubts about the authenticity of his identity.

However――,

Cecilus: [My words are genuine! Though exclaiming that is easy, it doesn’t really prove anything, does it? On the other hand, about any hidden information that can be of use to prove my identity… Even if I told you anything of the sort, would you be able to tell what’s genuine from what’s not? Subaru-san, you don’t know me that well, do you?]

Subaru: [That’s… Yeah, you’re right.]

Cecilus: [Then, it’s a waste of time to argue about the authenticity of my identity. Let’s just cut out the useless stuff and move onto the next topic! That’s way more constructive, even though I’m a specialist in destroying things!]

He felt like he was being cajoled by his momentum and eloquence, but with Cecilus advancing his arguments so ferociously and without pause, there was no opening for Subaru to object. Besides, what he had spoken was true, albeit extreme.

Within Subaru, there laid no method to tell if this truly was the Blue Lightning or not. Nor did he have a clue he could use. Then, even if he were to suspect this tentative Cecilus, he would never find the answer.

If that was the case――,

Subaru: [――――]

Once he set aside Cecilus as the target of his interest, the next question to rise to the fore would concern his situation.

As Subaru was about to let Olbart undo his “infantilization”, his consciousness was engulfed by a void―― no, something much darker engulfed him, and his consciousness vanished.

However, it was clear that he did not simply pass out, and that was that.

Case in point: Subaru was lying on a shabby bed, facing Cecilus.

Even with the limited resources of the village of Shudraq, efforts had been made to make the beds comfortable by using soft grass and wood. However, this bed showed no such consideration at all.

The only thing present there was a stand that was just good enough to lie down on.

Adding to this bleak impression was the room’s empty, bare interior, devoid of anything but the bed.

The gray walls were dry and cracked, and the floor was stained with dirt that could not be removed. The damp, leaden air assaulted his lungs, and the environment was anything but comfortable.

It felt as if he were in a prison cell.

Subaru: [Um, Ceci, can I ask you something?]

Cecilus: [Ceci! What’s that? Is that me, by any chance?]

Subaru: [I’m not sure if I can call you Cecilus when I don’t know if you’re real or fake…]

It was not like he was readying himself in case he met the real Cecilus, but rather it was the compromise Subaru had reached regarding the boy whose authenticity could not be ascertained.

Calling him “tentative Cecilus” would be rude and troublesome to begin with. Apart from being way too chummy to the point of being suspicious, his demeanor was very friendly and he wished to avoid being disliked.

Subaru: [Rather, he may be the friendliest person in the Empire… No, he can’t compare to Flop and Medium. But I think he can put up a good fight.]

However, he could not bet on that, as there were examples of people who had been friendly at first before changing their ways.

Then again, that Subaru had happened to meet the O’Connell siblings when he was with Rem had been a glimpse of uncharacteristically good fortune. Possibly, it was the most fortunate he had ever been his whole life.

Why had Flop called out to him back then, he wondered. Perhaps he had been unable to continue seeing Subaru and Rem like that.

Cecilus: [Ceci, Ceci, is it… What a special sensation! Exquisite sound! Now that I think back on it, I’ve never experienced being called a nickname. It’s got a rich, fresh taste to it, doesn’t iiit?]

Cecilus, on the other hand, was excited by his first nickname.

Subaru had picked a somewhat cheap name for him, but if he was so happy with it, hampering the latter’s excitement would be undesirable, and he deemed it unnecessary to come up with an alternative. He really did not have any other ideas.

Subaru: [So, back to the subject… This isn’t Chaosflame, is it?]

Cecilus: [Chaosflame… the Demon City, you mean? Yes, not at all. Rather, it’s just on the opposite side of the Empire, from east to west! Like I said, this is the Gladiator Island Ginunhive.]

Subaru: [ Gladeator Islan …]

Subaru’s lips curled as he felt the sound of that unfamiliar word, Ginunhive, escape from his tongue.

The name did not ring a bell, but the place’s title gave him an unsettling feeling. If Chaosflame was called the Demon City because of the large number of demi-humans living there, then there had to be a reason as to why Ginunhive had that title, as well.

Gladeator Islan , that meant――,

Subaru: [――Gladiator, Island?]

The word “gladiator” brought forth a certain image in his mind, as he remembered hearing it somewhere before.

If he remembered correctly, it was a word that Al would blurt out from time to time indeed. He had spent ten years and then some as a gladiator somewhere, always thinking that he was going to die.

Even though he had lost his left arm, he had managed to survive and escape that place.

Then, this place was――,

Subaru: [No way, these are death game grounds…?]

Cecilus: [ Deth gamu ? Is that a phrase from your hometown too? What does it mean?]

Subaru: […Something like a colosseum, a place where people kill each other.]

Cecilus: [Oh I see! Then you understood quickly! Exactly, these here are the “ deth gamu grounds”!]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Cecilus laughed at Subaru, the latter overcome by a chill of horror after having mentioned this terrifying possibility.

The fact that he clapped his hands in front of his chest and spoke casually made Subaru suspect that he had misheard something. But no matter how long he waited, the words he wished to hear did not leak from Cecilus’s mouth.

――No, words leaked out, but they were not the words Subaru wished to hear.

Cecilus: [Once again, welcome to the Gladiator Island. It’s rare that people as young as me and Subaru-san come in, and even if we do, we don’t live long, so I wish you the best.]

Subaru: [Tha… Hk!]

Cecilus: [Tha?]

Subaru: [That’s ridiculous! There’s… There’s gotta be some kind of mistake!]

His face contorting, Subaru’s voice cracked at Cecilus in front of him.

It was too much to take in. To find himself in such a place, it had to be some kind of mistake.

Subaru: [Because I was in Chaosflame until I woke up, and…]

Cecilus: [Nono, you were on this bed while you slept as well. You were groaning as you slept. I understand groaning from the lack of comfort of sleeping here, but back when I was in Chaosflame….]

Subaru: [That’s not what I mean! Don’t you get it!?]

Cecilus: [Hmm.]

Irritated by the inscrutable Cecilus, Subaru’s spit went flying as he snapped at him.

Closing one eye at his complaint, Cecilus showed readiness to listen and did not interject. That demeanor of his made Subaru avert his eyes from him, instead looking around the room.

Subaru: [I… was in Chaosflame. Me being here must be some kind of mistake. I was doing stuff with other people too.]

Cecilus: [Even if you say it’s a mistake, you’re actually here, you know. If I accept that argument, that means I’d have to be the one sent flying, from the Island to the Demon City.]

Subaru: [Shouldn’t that be possible then, if I’m on the Gladiator Island!?]

Cecilus: [Beats me. ――But if you want an answer to that, then I can present it to you very quickly.]

Shrugging his shoulders at Subaru’s tantrum because he would not listen, Cecilus calmly extended his hand. A slender finger of his pointed to a wall at the back of the room.

――No, it was not a wall. He pointed to a window with iron bars.

The window positioned high-up led the way outside the room, a damp breeze flowing through it.

Subaru: [No, no no no…!]

His lips quivering, Subaru jumped off the bed in a panic.

As soon as he stood barefoot on the cold floor, his head jerked and he felt weak, but he managed to suppress it, sprinting towards the window. He then jumped and grabbed the bars, forcibly hoisting himself up, placing his chin on the window frame as he wriggled awkwardly.

Then, somehow managing to lay his eyes on the view outside――,

Subaru: [――Se… a?]

Cecilus: [Yeah, it’s a lake.]

Looking out the windows, Subaru muttered so in dismay.

Cecilus attempted to affirm what Subaru had said, having picked up on that mutter. However, Cecilus was wrong to affirm it, as Subaru had said “sea”, not “lake”. [3]

Indeed, Cecilus had made a mistake. If he had indeed made a mistake, the scenery outside was possibly a mistake as well.

Or at least, Subaru understood that that was merely what he hoped to believe.

Subaru: [As far as I can see, it’s a completely black lake…]

Cecilus: [The whole island’s surrounded by a lake. The only way to get to and from the other shore’s to “raise” the only drawbridge. Truly, a natural fortification, or rather, a prison!]

Unable to lift himself up, Subaru slid away from the window. Cecilus’s mouth was in high gear as Subaru kneeled on the floor, drooping to his knees.

Why was he in such a good mood in such a hopeless place?

Subaru: [Why…]

Cecilus: [Hm?]

Subaru: [Why do you look so entertained?]

An adult Subaru would have probably hesitated to ask, rather than asking it straight-out.

Being a child with no self-control, the question just popped out, overflowing from his mouth. Cecilus turned to Subaru’s way-too-straightforward question with a childish look in his eyes, speaking,

Cecilus: [That is, because I feel the end of the first act!]

Subaru: [First act…]

Cecilus: [Alas, though I don’t really get it, I was thrown into these “ deth gamu grounds”, and I had to fight to the death in a whirlwind of blood! A new wind blew to me with a different scent of blood and a different premonition! With that being the case, it’s only logical that the story will transition to its next phase.]

He did not understand Cecilus’s story at all as the latter spoke in a profound manner, his fingers raised. ――No, it was not that he did not understand. It was that he wished not to understand.

Because if he were to try to fully understand what Cecilus was saying, that would mean――,

Cecilus: [It wouldn’t be interesting otherwise. You can’t keep the star actor off-stage; that’d be a sacrilege in a proper story!]

――Vollachia’s strongest, The Blue Lightning, was a drama geek.

△▼△▼△▼△

Cecilus Segmunt, the drama geek, was a person of many words.

To the point of making one suspect, that if left to his own devices, he would continue to chatter on and on.

Cecilus: [So, I was just kinda moseying around outside, and there you were, just crawling up to shore. Amazing, isn’t it? That doesn’t happen very often. It was fated to be, absolutely! Or should I say, it was like something out of a story.]

Subaru: [――――]

Cecilus: [You probably don’t know this, but I’ve always had a good sense of intuition. Today as well, I found you when walking around because I felt as if the wind was calling me. So, I’m so favored by the world it scares me.]

Subaru: [――――]

Cecilus: [Of course, you survived that situation, so you’ve got a good chance of being favored by the world too! Let’s show it our best, Suba… Baru… Hmmm~?]

Cocking his head, Cecilus pondered over something, accompanied by a mutter.

As he listened to the nonsensical and insubstantial words of conversation spilling from the boy’s lips, Subaru’s bare feet moved over the cold stone floor.

It would be reckless to go out and walk like this outside the room in which he had woken up, as this location was unknown.

Still, there was something he needed to confirm.

Subaru: [It’s as you said, right? That I wasn’t alone?]

Cecilus: [Eh? Ahh, yep, it’s true. I’d like to commend you for that as well. Not only did you come out of that situation with your life, but you also saved your companion’s life, which really is a feat of luck and courage… Something of a talent!]

Subaru: [Yeah yeah, sure, talent and guts and all that, right. So, that other person…]

Cecilus: [Was a little girl. More or less like you, Basu… Ah! Has a pretty nice ring to it, doesn’t it?]

The conversation had derailed without effort, but he had been able to have the questions he wanted to ask answered.

Perhaps what Cecilus was struggling with, was what to call Subaru in response to the nickname of “Ceci” the latter had given him. As long as the nickname was not a terrible one, it did not matter to him what he was called.

What was most important, was the info he had been able to get from him――,

Subaru: [――Louis.]

Someone about the same age as himself―― when it came to someone as old as Subaru was right now, the person who naturally came to mind was Louis. The situation right now was that Medium had also been reduced to about the same age, but since she had not been present at that tower, she was not a candidate.

Frankly, though, Subaru’s mental impression of Louis was a jumbled mess.

Subaru: [I’m not going to ditch you before I have an answer to that question. Besides, maybe, with your power…]

If they could make use of Louis’s teleport, they might be able to get off this dangerous island.

He did not yet know the whole island, and although Cecilus was the only other person he had met at this place, from what the latter had told him, it no doubt had to be the absolute worst possible environment for a child to spend time in.

So――,

Subaru: [We’ve got to get off this island as soon as possible.]

Cecilus: [That’s quite the aspiration, but I think there’ll be a lotta obstacles. From what I’ve heard, only one person’s ever managed to escape from this place, and it’s for that very reason that the “curse rule” was created.]

Subaru: [Then I’ll be the second person. No, you and my companion make three.]

Subaru’s determination interjected, replying out of reflex. And Cecilus, hearing this, looked over him as if he were something trivial, then gave a high-pitched whistle.

It seemed to somehow put him in a good mood, but there was no time to care about that.

And――,

Cecilus: [Basu, here.]

After a short walk down a dimly-lit passageway filled with damp, cold air, Cecilus stopped abruptly. With his hands clasped behind his head, he jerked his chin towards a room with a dingy wooden door.

Looking up at the door, Subaru asked, “Here is?”,

Cecilus: [This is a healing room. It’s also called the corpse room. Many people become corpses here after failing to die in the arena.]

Subaru: [H-healing room, is it? And the healer is?]

Cecilus: [Healer, ha! There are some healers, sorta, but there’s no precious magic user of the sort here. There’d be fewer deaths if they were assigned here, but that’s not the policy of the Island Chief.]

Subaru: [――――]

Receiving that frivolous reply, Subaru involuntarily shut himself up.

It’d slipped his mind completely, but in the Vollachian Empire, there were very few people able to wield healing magic. That was why Rem’s healing magic was treated as valuable.

But the fact remained that Louis had been put into a healing room devoid of a healer.

Cecilus: [The girl you brought along was very weak, that’s why. The purpose of this room is, at least in name, to treat the wounded, so there are some blankets and things to patch people up, at least. We gladiators are treated just as you saw earlier, and the sleeping conditions were terrible, weren’t they?]

Subaru: […You’re the only gladiator here.]

Cecilus: [Ahhahaha, you’re right! Here, have an emotional meeting.]

Seemingly reading Subaru’s inner heart for the second time, Cecilus patted Subaru on the shoulder.

Pressured by his momentum, Subaru swallowed his saliva, steeled himself, and headed for the door. Pushing it open, he frowned at the unpleasant smell emanating from inside.

What flowed out of it, was the odor of a mixture of blood and decaying flesh, akin to the pinnacle of unsanitary conditions.

Was their sense of hygiene dead and gone, perhaps? Within that not-so-spacious room, worn-out tools and sloppily washed bandages could be seen, having been left hanging out to dry.

And in that not-so-great environment――,

Cecilus: [That’s your companion sleeping over yonder.]

Subaru: [――Hk, Louis!]

Cecilus pointed to a bed in the back as Subaru looked around.

It seemed to be a room that served as an infirmary, with two beds that were a smidgen better than the one Subaru had been lying on, and a small bulging blanket at the far end of the bed.

Subaru rushed toward it, hurried by his stray feelings. He was in a hurry to get to Louis, but could not decide what he should tell her.

However――,

Subaru: [――Huh?]

Having rushed over, and attempted to shake the little girl’s shoulder, Subaru froze in surprise.

Not because he was incapable of finding the right words to say. ――But because he could not find anyone to whom he could say them.

The girl who had been said to be brought ashore along with Subaru, and laid to sleep there was not Louis, who stirred up mixed feelings in Subaru’s heart.

She possessed a small head, two protruding horns, and flaxen hair that gathered at her shoulders. The girl had been stripped of the ornate kimono that wrapped her petite body, revealing only simple undergarments.

It was not Louis, nor was it his companion Medium, who had accompanied him to the Demon City of Chaosflame, who too had been made small by that technique of Olbart’s.

The one there, was――,

Subaru: […T-Tanza?]

There was no response from the sleeping little girl to his trembling call.

But even if she did not answer, after laying eyes on her, he knew. He knew that she was neither Louis nor Medium, but Tanza the deergirl, the attendant of Yorna Mishigure, the Mistress of the Demon City.

Subaru: [Why… Why is this girl here…?]

Cecilus: [Uh-oh? Did I do something again?]

Behind Subaru, who was surprised to see a sleeping face different from the one he had imagined, Cecilus voiced something silly.

Of course, it was not that he was to blame. He was not to blame, but――,

Subaru: [That’s not what I was told! You told me Louis was here.]

Cecilus: [Nahhh, I wonder about that. I believe I explained that there was a girl who came ashore on the Island with you, Basu. I’m as surprised as you are, that it’s not the girl you thought it was.]

Subaru: [Uh, kuh…]

Subaru was at a loss for words, unable to say anything in response to Cecilus’s reasonable answer.

Indeed, it was Subaru himself who assumed that he had meant Louis by “the girl with him”. Subaru could only apologize to Cecilus for that.

But this was odd. Why would Tanza be with Subaru?

For starters, if Tanza was the one with them right here, right now, then――,

Subaru: [What about Louis…]

Putting his hand on his head, Subaru was anxious about Louis’s wellbeing, someone nowhere to be found.

Having been told of who she was, Abel, Al, and Medium now saw Louis as a threat. Yorna could perhaps protect Louis, but only because she was unaware of her real identity.

Were she to find out that Louis was a Sin Archbishop, even she would change her mind, just like Medium had.

And he could not find any reason for Abel and the others to keep Louis’s identity a secret.

Subaru: [I’ve got to get her back to Rem.]

Louis’s existence was very much like a thin and feeble thread connecting the amnesiac Rem and Subaru.

Even though Louis had followed him without permission, Subaru had a reason as to why he could not afford not to bring her back. Above all, Subaru had yet to decide what to do with Louis, deep inside.

And despite that, Louis’s whereabouts were unknown to him, and Subaru was on this Island, for some damn reason.

Subaru: [I shouldn’t be wasting time like this…!]

Subaru’s thoughts would not settle at all, they were a muddled arrangement of many things.

Still, he knew he had to get off this island and return to Chaosflame immediately.

Subaru: [If possible, I’ll take this child with me…]

Cecilus: [Oh, you sure? Wasn’t this girl not the one you were expecting, Basu?]

Subaru: [No. She isn’t, but there’s no reason to leave her behind, right? Besides, Yorna-san has to be looking for her.]

Yorna was so affectionate as to not hesitate to give of herself even for the sake of a young child she had just met.

Without her, he would have been unable to pick up a win in the game of tag against Olbart, or to get the monstrous old man on-board with the original bet, in the first place.

Therefore, returning Tanza to Yorna was the natural way to return the favor.

Cecilus: [I think your enthusiasm and consideration are admirable, but as I said before, I think it’ll be difficult.]

However, Cecilus’s opinion rained on Subaru’s parade.

Even though the way he spoke and behaved had remained the same since the outset, Cecilus’s relayed circumstances were grave at their root. Yet, Subaru could not help but be frustrated by the harshness of his reality.

Subaru: [I heard you. You say it’s hard to leave, right? But, if we look for a boat, or if we bring down the drawbridge you were talking about earlier, then…]

Cecilus: [You “raise” the drawbridge. That’d be a challenge I guess, but the problem lies elsewhere. The biggest problem’s the curse rule, you know? The curse rule.]

Subaru: [ Curce … roule …?]

That word was an unfamiliar one, but it was impossible to ignore it, given it had been stated to be the biggest problem.

To Subaru, his eyebrows forming a frown, Cecilus let out a “Yes”, then tucked his hands into the sleeves of his kimono ,

Cecilus: [The curse’s rules, or “curse rule”. A very troublesome and powerful rule laid down by the Island Chief who lords over this Gladiator Island. Break it, and you die! Disobey it, and you die! Resist it, and you die! ――A curse of death!]

Subaru: […Ah.]

Cecilus: [It covers the whole island. Do you understand?]

As he proclaimed so, Cecilus spun around in place, waving his sleeves in the air.

It was said in a light-hearted manner, without a hint of seriousness, but the existence of a death curse of this kind was far too aligned with Subaru’s image of the Empire for him to laugh it off as a lie.

Subaru: [S-so no one can leave here?]

Cecilus: [Yes, that’s right. If it weren’t for that, I’d be out of here by now. The Witchbeasts in the lake might be a formidable opponent, but I can run on the water if such is my wish. Do you know? How to run on water, I mean. You put your left foot out before your right foot sinks…]

Cecilus began relaying that ill-used and fanciful idea to a stunned Subaru.

It seemed to be the way ninjas ran on water, and it appeared that many of the superhumans in this world were actually able to do it. Nah, this was not the time to run away from reality like this.

Subaru: [T-that Island Chief, are they the person putting a curse on the island? If so, how about having that person lift the curse? Because, I’m here by mistake…]

Cecilus: [Hahaha, that’s a fascinating joke! Be it mistake, mishap or blunder, by the point you’ve come up on this Island and had the curse mark engraved on you, you’re already one of the gladiators. Though you could say that the fact that the disposition of a gladiator won’t sink in’s proof you’ve got a bigger role to play.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

The words he was clinging on to were denied, and Subaru swallowed his breath.

The word “curse” brought up nothing but bad memories for Subaru. And as one would expect, it was as if it had been decided that the bad memories would layer atop one another, to become seemingly even worse.

Subaru: [This isn’t, a joke… Hk.]

Before he even knew it, he’d been flung off to a place unknown to him, with a girl pretty much unknown to him. Not only that, but he had been told by someone almost unknown to him that, if he tried to leave the unknown place on his own, he might die because of a curse placed on him by yet another unknown person.

What on earth should he believe in, and what should he even do, in this situation――,

Subaru: […That’s it. Yes, that’s right! Ceci, you’re one of the Nine Divine Generals, aren’t you?]

Cecilus: [Oh?]

Subaru: [Then maybe you could contact the outside world or something? Let’s see, like with this sleeping girl, she’s from Yorna-san’s place in Chaosflame…]

Eyes bloodshot at the thought, Subaru grabbed both of Cecilus’s shoulders.

As Cecilus shut one eye in response to being touched, Subaru forgot his own shamelessness.

After having treated Cecilus as a boy-who-cried-wolf earlier, Subaru now expected him to be the Blue Lightning as he claimed himself to be.

Since he was one of the Vollachian Empire’s Divine Generals, and the strongest in the Empire, and someone who was very approachable at that, he might listen to what Subaru had to say.

That was truly nothing more than a notion from a childish, self-centered way of thinking.

Hence, Subaru’s speculations would end up as a fruitless effort as per usual.

Or, perhaps, had his thinking not been dulled by the “infantilization”, Subaru might have come up with the obvious question on his own.

That was――,

Cecilus: [Say, Basu.]

Subaru: [Oh, yeah, what is it?]

Cecilus: [What are these Nine Divinn Generals you’re talking about?]

Subaru: [Eh…?]

With Subaru holding both of his shoulders, Cecilus cocked his head in curiosity.

Subaru was astonished, not understanding what he was being told. Yet Cecilus resumed with “I mean, you know”,

Cecilus: [In seriousness, I really don’t know why I’m here. I think that there’s some kinda development that’ll move the story along, and I’m wondering if that’s you, Basu.]

What a bombshell it was, jamming even more confusion into the mind of the young Subaru.

Translation notes:

[1] Kabuki (歌舞伎) is a classical form of Japanese dance-drama. Kabuki theatre is known for its heavily-stylised performances, the often-glamorous costumes worn by performers, and for the elaborate kumadori make-up worn by some of its performers. For more information, see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabuki .

[2] If this makes zero sense to you, well, that’s because it makes zero sense. Subaru is saying literally “level of a template” in part-Engrish part-Japanese (レベルのテンプレート), intending to mean something like “standard template”.

[3] A bit of a stealth pun here. First, remember that the concept of a sea is foreign to inhabitants of the Re: Zero world. Second, Subaru says “u, mi”, which can be understood as a groan accompanied by the syllable “mi” trailing off, or the word “umi”, or “sea”, broken up. Cecilus interprets it the first way and confirms that what Subaru’s seeing is a “mizuumi”, or “lake” in English.

--- Chapter 62: The Island’s Order ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The reason he was here, and the Nine Divine Generals, both were unknown to Cecilus.

Subaru’s mind was engulfed in confusion as he failed to process that sudden bombshell announcement.

The impact was much more striking than being splashed with cold water, and he couldn’t help but blink a few times.

Subaru: [W-what do you mean? Saying you don’t know why you’re here…]

Cecilus: [What I mean is just as I said. I found myself thrown onto this Gladiator Island, with a brand new environment and outlook for the future which had me in quite the pickle. Well, this is a rather comfy place for me to live, so it’s not too much of a pickle, but let’s just put it that way.]

Subaru: [――――]

Cecilus: [Oh? Are you perhaps thinking again? Maaan, Basu sure likes to think, huh. I mean, I think that’s fine; I’m on the side that doesn’t like to think too much, you see. I don’t make fun of people deep in thought, nor do I wish to interrupt them, so I’ll keep my mouth shut then!]

It took a long time for Cecilus to shut his mouth, but then he pretty much went quiet. That being said, during the time his mouth was shut, his legs were pitter-pattering and his eyes were darting about incessantly.

Although he may not have been fooling around, it was more than enough of a distraction.

But Subaru did not have the composure to deal with such things. If he was going to deal with something, then it should at least be something meaningful.

For example――,

Subaru: [How come you don’t know anything about the Nine Divine Generals, but you know you’re called The Blue Lightning? That’s strange isn’t it?]

Cecilus: [Ah, the answer to that question is easy. It was none other than myself who came up with this shocking alias! Cecilus Segmunt, the Blue Lightning of Vollachia! What do you think? It’s a nickname that gives a very striking and elegant impression, don’t you think? One day, my name’s going to be so famous that everyone in the whole wide world will be dazzled by me as the lead actor! It’s a manifestation of my passion.]

Subaru: [A nickname, that you came up with…]

Hearing that proud response, Subaru’s shoulders sank in disappointment.

Puzzled by Subaru’s demeanor, Cecilus asked, “Huhh? What’s wrong~?” as he peered at Subaru’s expression nonchalantly. But Subaru had lost the willpower to answer that.

Whether the boy before his eyes was the real Cecilus Segmunt or a fake, he had reached a conclusion.

The theory that there were many adults who had no respect for children, as expected, lacked the power to overturn his outrageous statement that he had never heard of the Nine Divine Generals.

No matter how you look at it, there was no way a real General First-Class could have followed up on the statement that they had never heard of the Nine Divine Generals.

Subaru: [Not knowing that you’re a General of the Empire, you’ve got to be joking…]

It was completely pointless trying to sensibly proceed through such hole-filled logic.

Therefore, in Subaru’s mind, any possibility that the boy in front of him was the real Cecilus had vanished. He was just a prankster, a boy-who-cried-wolf―― a fake Cecilus.

And so, the thin thread of hope that sprouted at this dead-end had snapped.

If only one seed of hope still remained, it was that the fake Cecilus was just a liar, and perhaps that his earlier story about the very scary island was just another of his lies――,

???: [――So this is where you have been at, Segmunt.]

Subaru: [Uwaa!?]

The next moment, Subaru jumped as a man’s deep voice hit him from behind while he was thinking.

A voice that was not that of the fake Cecilus, nor of Tanza, who was, of course, sleeping in bed. Subaru looked back at the entrance of the healing room, where he had heard it from, his surprise accumulating further.

――For the figure standing at the entrance of the healing room, was an unthinkably large man.

Subaru: [H-huge…!]

The man was so large that one could not help but marvel at his stature.

No, not only was he tall, but he also had a thickness to him both vertically and horizontally, his entire body fitting the description of being thick and large. His neck and limbs were as hefty as logs, and the black clothes he wore, similar to that of a police or soldier’s, were so taut and tight that they looked as if they were about to burst.

Regardless of the fact that Subaru had shrunk, this was a man so giant that looking up at him would hurt your neck.

He was easily over two meters tall and possibly the tallest human Subaru has seen in this parallel world. Features like his colossal body, which carried a very stern face, his fangs protruding even when his mouth was closed, and his skin being blue in color were just way too numerous.

However, the most prominent feature had yet to be described.

That most prominent feature was――,

Cecilus: [Yo, what’s up, Gustav-san! You’re looking splendidly prim and proper this morning! Your attention to every detail of your appearance’s the basis of a gentleman, I believe that’s a truly exemplary attitude!]

Gustav: [No need for compliments, I am glad to see that you are as excessively healthy as ever. A being such as you should be put to use in the gladiatorial arena, as I, as the official, in all fairness, have strictly judged.]

Saying that, the huge man―― the one called Gustav, exasperatedly sighing in response to the wry words of the fake Cecilus, replied with his four thick arms crossed.

That’s right, four arms.

A large man with a face like that of a demon, whose large body was wrapped in a mass of muscles, had the feature of having four arms, with two arms sprouting from each shoulder. As he recalled, there was a race of demi-humans called the Multi-Arm Tribe that possessed such a trait; He’d heard of them from an old man that he knew.

An old man, that he knew――,

Subaru: [Uhh… that’s right, it was Wilhelm-san.]

Even recalling the names of his acquaintances was difficult for Subaru.

Outside of Subaru’s hard struggle, the fake Cecilus laughed at Gustav’s words saying “Nahh”,

Cecilus: [Your concern is much appreciated! I understand what you’re saying Gustav-san! On the off chance I die, it should be on the battlefield. I’m so grateful to have a sensible person as Island Chief, I really am a lucky guy!]

Gustav: [The mixing of public and private affairs is a hindrance to order. There is no sense in me, as the official, carrying out such a foolish practice.]

Cecilus: [Yes, yes, I understand! A big thank you to Governor Gustav for your consideration~!]

Gustav narrowed his intellectual eyes at the fake Cecilus when he donned a goofy smile and put his hands together.

In a subtle way, the “don’t mix public and private affairs” statement sounded to Subaru as if he personally disliked the fake Cecilus, but there was no point in delving into that.

Other than the fake Cecilus, there was finally someone Subaru could talk to.

Gustav: [So, Segmunt, about that boy over there.]

And right on cue, Gustav also turned his attention to Subaru.

Being looked down upon from such staggering height, just being gazed at was suffocating, it felt as if his whole body was enveloped in an air of intimidation. Those four crossed arms, the fists at the ends of them all around the size of a child’s head, Subaru would probably die if he were to be hit by them.

Reflexively, Subaru gulped down his spit, while the fake Cecilus clapped his hands beside him.

Cecilus: [Oh yes, he finally woke up. And, since he was worried about his companion, the young lady, I brought him here. But it seems that the sleeping little lady was not the one he expected, and it seems a lotta discrepancies have arisen. The shock from that is now dissipating, so from now onwards, the story will unfold.]

Gustav: [Thanks for the explanation. However, I remember ordering that if he had woken up, the first thing for you to do was to bring him before me, as the official. That would have been the condition for me, in my capacity, to give permission for this boy and girl to be allowed ashore on the island.]

Cecilus: [Was it? Sorry, I’m forgetful.]

Gustav: [――――]

At Cecilus’s blank response, Gustav silently rubbed his finger between his brows.

Doing so, the man who was much closer to the sky than Subaru and the others glared at the ceiling, grumbling to himself, “As the official, I am a guardian of order; I will not mix public and private affairs…”

Subaru was not sure what Gustav’s relationship with the fake Cecilus was, but the latter probably gave him a very hard time.

Realizing that, though he felt sorry for Gustav, he was a bit relieved.

Subaru: [I’m not the only one who gets pushed around by Ceci.]

Cecilus: [It’s outrageous to think that I’d push people around. I think I’ve given a proper explanation of what you wanted to know and accompanied you where you wanted to go, to see who you wanted to see.]

Subaru: [Yeah, you’re right, I misspoke. The explanation had a lot of detours, and the person I was allowed to meet wasn’t who I wanted to meet, and I was told I couldn’t go to the places I wanted to go, and that made me depressed.]

It seemed there was no malice in the fake Cecilus, so there was no point in saying so.

When Subaru told him so, the fake Cecilus let out a “Tch”, pursing his lip in dissatisfaction. With that, Gustav turned toward Subaru again, as if his frustration with Cecilus had been successfully dealt with.

And then――,

Gustav: [Boy, if you have woken up, let us start our talk anew.]

Subaru: [I’d be happy to do so. I had also wanted to hear from someone else. If it’s with a person of high standing on this island, that’s even better.]

Gustav: [I see.]

While Subaru was being careful with the words he was speaking, Gustav touched his chin with his two right hands.

At first glance, he had a stern outward appearance, but his speech and atmosphere were very quiet and calm, and there was an intelligent glint in his eyes, giving an impression quite close to that of the bushy-headed Zikr.

In other words, a representation of a sensible adult.

As if to confirm Subaru’s expectations, Gustav gave a deep and dignified nod,

Gustav: [As the official, my name is Gustav Morello, and I have been entrusted with the management of this island by His Excellency the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia, the seventy-seventh Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire. Can you tell me your name and affiliation?]

Politely giving his position and name, he addressed Subaru directly.

Subaru was slightly astonished by this fact, then put his hand on his chest and bowed his head.

Subaru: [T-thank you for introducing yourself. My name is Natsuki… Natsuki Schwartz.]

Gustav: [I see. Schwartz.]

Subaru, though pressured, announced his name in reply to Gustav.

For a moment, after wondering whether to use his real name or a pseudonym, he gave a somewhat mixed answer, but at this point, it should be considered a success.

Honestly, he wasn’t sure if lying to Gustav was the right or wrong thing to do.

However, it would not be good for Subaru’s real name to spread. It may not have been a big deal to the fake Cecilus since he was a fake General First-Class, but you never know who might be knowledgeable on the Kingdom’s affairs.

What can be hidden should be hidden. Even if Cecilus, upon hearing Subaru’s current alias, had tilted his head grandly with a “Huh~?”

Gustav: [But if you are Natsuki Schwartz, then why did Segmunt call you Basu?]

Subaru: [I think Ceci’s got his own reasoning for himself. Would you like to confirm it?]

Gustav: [――. No, let us not. Considering the duties entrusted to me as the official, I have no time to spend on pointless endeavors. I may not be a wise man in my capacity, but I do try to be wise.]

Shaking his head, Gustav made a wise Subaru-like decision.

It was somewhat annoying to think that was due to the fake Cecilus’s usual behavior, so it was better to consider this the result of Subaru’s behavior.

In any case――,

Gustav: [You are able to answer to your name and, from your appearance, you seem to not possess any physical impairments. According to the healer, your strength has been considerably depleted, do you feel that as well?]

Subaru: [My strength… I may have been feeling a little bit tired. But, thanks for everything you’ve done to help me.]

Gustav: [Allow me to correct one thing, Schwartz. It was Segmunt there who helped you, not me. As far as I, in my capacity, am concerned, I have only agreed to accept you conditionally.]

Subaru: [I-I see.]

Gustav’s well-reasoned responses almost made Subaru falter.

The way he spoke and the content of his words were not particularly welcoming towards Subaru, and the tone of his voice was somewhere between cold and emotionless, but his easy-to-understand explanations were genuinely helpful.

Compared to the fake Cecilus, how much he spoke, and the amount of information in his words, were much, much more balanced.

Even the question he had just asked seemed to be born out of concern for Subaru’s condition after he’d woken up, and if things continued like this, it was possible that he would listen if Subaru just talked with him.

Subaru, and Tanza as well, had arrived at this Gladiator Island by mistake.

Subaru: [Gustav-san, me and this girl… Her name’s Tanza, but is this girl some sort of blunder? We seem to have come here by some kind of mistake.]

Gustav: [The mistake, being?]

Subaru: [――! That is, I don’t know the reason. It’s just, we were so far away… You know of Chaosflame, right? We’re supposed to be in that city!]

According to the fake Cecilus, this Island and the Demon City were apparently quite far from each other.

That alone should be enough to make everyone, Subaru included, realize that what had befallen them was a severe predicament. Being sent from the Demon City to this Island, was far from being an everyday event.

Subaru: [I know it’s selfish of me to say this after all the help we’ve gotten, but we can’t stay here much longer. I’m sure our people are out there looking for us! If possible I want to let them know we’re safe and join them as soon as we can.]

Ideally, he would leave this place with Tanza if circumstances permitted.

Subaru did not know why he and Tanza were both on the Island, but he was certain that Yorna was worried about Tanza. Since the original goal was to get Yorna on his side, Abel would not get mad if he did something that made her happy.

Besides, Subaru was rather fond of Yorna.

If he could make that gentle woman happy, then all the better, so he thought.

Subaru: [So, I gotta get out of here as soon as――]

Gustav: [――Enough. That is enough, Schwartz.]

Subaru leaned forward, about to raise his voice, but a gargantuan palm stopped him. Two right hands were thrust in front of his face; silenced by those, Subaru cut off his words with an “Uhh”.

Crossing over his right hand, Gustav used his left hands to simultaneously stroke his chin and head.

Gustav: [I understand your point. I may say that I have a rough understanding of your situation. In addition, you must listen to what I, in my capacity, have to say. That would be only fair.]

Subaru: [Fair…]

Gustav: [Indeed, fair. It is just, it is strict, it is unbiased, it is absolute truth… it is essential to building what is called order, definite reason.]

Subaru was interrupted, and frowned at being assaulted by the litany of words spoken slowly.

Things like fairness or justice, they sounded quite easygoing from the perspective of someone in a rush. But Subaru nodded anyway, knowing that going against Gustav here would not help him.

At Subaru’s reaction, Gustav closed a single eye, letting out a “Very well”,

Gustav: [You remember what I spoke earlier, do you not? That it was Segmunt who saved you, and that the fact that I, as the official, allowed you and that girl to land here had conditions attached to it.]

Subaru: [That’s… Yes, I remember, but…]

His attention had been directed to the part about them being helped, not so much on the part about it having been conditional. But Gustav had indeed told that to Subaru, in an oppressive tone.

But just what were those conditions? What were the conditions under which Subaru and Tanza had been allowed to enter the Island?

Gustav: [Schwartz, the fact is you hold sound judgment, you are not so impoverished in knowledge as to not know how to answer my questions, you make use of your education to address me, as the official, by honorifics, you are in good health based on the healer’s diagnosis, and there is the fact that you yourself have not suffered from any self-reported physical ailments. Any objections?]

Subaru: [You saying it all at once makes me dizzy… I have no objections, I think.]

Gustav: [You think, that is a somewhat unconvincing opinion. Do you hold any objections or do you not?]

Subaru: [――. I have no objections.]

Gustav’s gaze did not allow Subaru to give a half-assed answer.

Overwhelmed by this, Subaru looked over at his opponent. His gaze was returned to Gustav’s frightening, statue-like face, the hue of his eyes and his expression unchanged.

The conversation was rather one-sided, and proceeded with Gustav having seized the initiative.

This was making Subaru feel a growing sense of dread, but he was unable to come up with a quick solution. As usual, he had no information. In other words, there were no options for him.

And in Subaru’s stead――,

Cecilus: [See, I told you, didn’t I? Basu meets your standards in proper fashion, Gustav-san. It’s also just in time for today’s schedule, so you can’t complain, right?]

Gustav: [However, the girl is yet to wake.]

Cecilus: [As for that, uhh, there are ways to adapt and manipulate things under a Governor’s jurisdiction, right?]

Gustav: [Yes. Provided the girl does not wake up, we shall begin with one person fewer than stated by the regulations.]

Cecilus: [Well well, we’ve really stirred up the hornet’s nest, huh!?]

While Subaru was left perplexed, the one parlaying with Gustav was the fake Cecilus.

Although he could not perceive the main subject of that conversation, he could understand that it regarded him and Tanza. Also, he could understand that this fake Cecilus was incapable of conducting a conversation properly.

Moreover, Subaru had a feeling that the one to pay the bill for that failure, was not the fake Cecilus himself.

Cecilus: [I’m sorry, Basu. It seems that my assistance is only possible up to this point. You’ll have to do the rest on your own. I’m sure you can do it!]

Subaru: [W-waitwaitwait! This whole conversation’s just too ominous! What the hell was that exchange just now? Gustav-san! What were the terms of our stay on this island…]

Gustav: [――You must participate in Sparka.]

Subaru: [ Spaa … ?]

Subaru frowned at the unfamiliar word, dropped from on high.

If Gustav said they would be participating, then this Sparka had to be an event of some kind. Any kind of event held here, on the Gladiator Island―― he could not help but get a nasty feeling about it.

Before, Al had said that life on Gladiator Island had been difficult and painful for him.

Events there were bound to be scary or painful.

Subaru: [Hold on, Gustav-san! Why do we need to participate in Sparka!? We didn’t come to this island on purpose!]

Gustav: [Prisoners of war, slaves, criminals… The circumstances of those that land on this Gladiator Island may vary, but few come willingly. And the only role I, as the official, possess, is to perform my duty, as per the wishes of His Excellency, to my utmost, and bring order to the Gladiator Island, which holds all these outlaws.]

Subaru: [His Excellency… The Emperor’s wishes would be…]

Gustav: [――To transform this Gladiator Island into the most meaningful bloodbath in the Empire.]

That declaration was so awfully emotionless, that Subaru’s blood ran cold just after he snapped at him.

The hue of Gustav’s eyes, the way he spoke, they seemed cold and unwavering, but that would be mistaken. There were more appropriate words to describe Gustav.

It was as if, indeed, as if he were robotic, inorganic and cold.

As Subaru sucked in his breath, stiffening at the alteration in his impression of Gustav, the latter addressed him with “Schwartz”.

He then looked down at Subaru, who was much smaller than himself,

Gustav: [You shall call him His Excellency the Emperor. The first time a caution, the second time a warning, there will be no third time.]

Subaru: […Ah.]

Gustav: [Also, I want to reiterate that I shall not allow you to refuse Sparka. If you refuse to take part in Sparka, you and the girl shall suffer your original fate.]

Subaru: [Our original fate, what do you mean…?]

Gustav: [Segmunt’s plea is rejected, and you are not permitted to make land. ――Meaning that you would fall prey to the aquatic Witchbeasts that live in the waters of the lake.]

Flatly, devoid of any vacillation, Gustav presented Subaru’s future options.

This giant of a man would tell a child that refusal meant death. This was what it meant to be cold-blooded, and it also made Subaru desire to curse his own poor luck for facing nothing but painful experiences while he was shrunk.

Weren’t people usually kinder to children?

Or was it acceptable in the Vollachian Empire, where the strong were revered, for children to be killed without pause for the sole reason that they were weak?

Subaru: [If that’s the case, a nation like this has got to be destroyed…]

Gustav: [I know not what you mean, but I shall allow your cursing. If all speech is silenced, discontent shall build up. The seeds of great folly grow in the seedbed of discontent, watered by animosity.]

Slowly shaking his head, Gustav grabbed Subaru’s shoulders as the latter gritted his teeth.

Caught in a palm that could easily grasp his head, Subaru could do nothing to resist. Rather, Subaru thought about forcibly resisting and escaping from this place, but――,

Cecilus: [I don’t recommend that approach, Basu. You’ll probably end up having an awfully bad time. This isn’t outta kindness or anything, more like I just feel like that would be boring, so I’m strongly requesting this of you.]

Subaru: [Thanks for speaking your heart. Go to hell, Ceci.]

Cecilus: [Wow, I genuinely saved you, and you say those terrible things to me. Though, it’s not that I don’t understand what feelings made you say them, so I won’t be angry with you.]

With the fake Cecilus casually blocking the entrance, Subaru was robbed of his last bit of resistance.

In the end, even though he had attempted to express his indignation regarding the situation through swearing hurled towards the fake Cecilus, whose status as a friend or foe was unclear, reacting to his response was a waste of effort to Subaru.

At any rate, Subaru was forced to participate in this good-for-nothing event, Sparka.

If he refused, he would be fed to the fish, and if he did what they told him to――,

Gustav: [Prove your qualifications and I, as Governor, shall take responsibility and welcome you as a gladiator.]

Subaru: […Super.]

If he did well, he would become a slave, and if he did not, he would be fed to the fish.

Subaru had thought that nothing good had happened to him ever since he had been made smaller, but he had to correct that.

――Not a single good thing had happened ever since he arrived at the Vollachian Empire.

Subaru: […I really hate the Vollachian Empire.]

Subaru’s hateful complaint, as if in consideration for Tanza who continued to sleep, was low, quiet, and minute.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――He felt the heat that enveloped the venue all over his body.

The eerie thing was, however, that despite the number of gazes pouring down on them, there was a little commotion.

It was a strange sensation of a deafening silence, rather than any muted excitement or fervor.

However, Subaru did not have the luxury of getting angry or complaining about it.

???: [Shit, shit… Ya gotta be kiddin’ me, this is the worst…!]

???: [I’m gonna do it, I’m gonna be the one to fucking do it…]

???: [Silence! Follow my orders obediently, all of you! Do so and you’ll make it out alive!]

Cutting through the noisy silence, were three men in Subaru’s immediate vicinity.

A scaly-skinned lizardman with skin akin to rock, a bald-headed man with many tattoos engraved on his body, and a young man with a pleasant face donning long, rust-colored hair.

They all hailed from different backgrounds and races, but they all had one thing in common.

That was, that they disregarded Subaru when it came to manpower, and that the tension of this life-or-death situation dwelled within their eyes.

As it stood, although their dates of birth were different, their dates of death would be the same.

Gustav: [――Gentlemen, first of all, congratulations on landing upon this Island. His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia in the Imperial Capital shall be very pleased. As the Governor who has been personally entrusted by His Excellency the Emperor with the management of this Gladiator Island, I am pleased to present you with an honorable trial.]

So he, Gustav Morello, Governor of the Gladiator Island Ginunhive, and the director of this local entertainment, spoke loudly from a special seat atop the high wall overlooking the gladiatorial arena.

And then, beneath Gustav’s feet―― as the gate of the passageway that brought the warriors to the gladiatorial arena opened, a horrifying apparition slowly, slowly emerged from the darkness.

A face of a lion with eyes colored red, four hoofed legs like those of a deer. With twisted horns and fangs, and a frighteningly long tail, its huge body made even Gustav, tall as he was, appear small.

With drool and growls spilling from its mouth, the fearsome enemy, a Witchbeast―― no, here it would be called a Gladiator Beast, arrived with hefty steps.

That, was precisely what Subaru and the other three must confront――

Gustav: [――As is desired by His Excellency the Emperor, prove your prestige as strong citizens of the Empire!]

――That was the examiner of Sparka, the barbaric trial to become a gladiator.

--- Chapter 63: Sparka ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Let us rewind the clock a little.

Gustav: [――From now on, you gentlemen shall be tested to ascertain if you are qualified to be gladiators on this Island.]

Subaru was taken out of the healing room and forced into another room, and Gustav crossed his four powerful arms, eyeing around the sight before him.

That mechanical, frigid stare was directed at a total of four people, Subaru included.

A lizardman with gray scales in filthy rags, a skinny man with tattoos all over his naked upper body and bald-shaved head, and a fearless-looking young man with rust-colored hair.

All of them had been crammed into the same room as Subaru had.

From what they had just been told, Subaru and the men were probably in the same situation, as far as Gustav was concerned.

However, there seemed to be some disagreement with that idea among those who had been pushed into the room.

???: [Wait, Governor Gustav! Are you going to start Sparka now? With this child in our ranks? We aren’t playing around here!]

Seeing Subaru, whose back was pushed into the room, the young man with rust-colored hair cried that out.

He had a reasonably good-looking face, but his stubble and exhausted expression, along with the frustration on his face showing his dissatisfaction, cut down its quality considerably.

However, his appearance was irrelevant here. Proving this, two more people also lashed out at Gustav, as if caught up in the heat of the moment.

Lizardman: [Yeah, man! How’s a brat gonna help us!? My damn life’s on the line here!]

Tattooed Man: [Not making gladiatorial combat a cruel spectacle. That was the Governor’s policy, or so I’d heard, but…?]

Rust-Haired Man: [It’s exactly as they say. We’re going to need a good explanation. In the first place, even if we were to add the child to the group, we wouldn’t have enough people. Five people per group, that’s what you said!]

The lizardman, the tattooed man, and the rust-haired man all raised their voices in unison, their anger directed at Gustav.

Not fully understanding what Sparka consisted of, nor how it involved them, Subaru was in a situation where he could not easily butt in. However, somehow or the other, he had been able to grasp some stuff.

Apparently, Subaru had seemingly betrayed their expectations, and they were directing their dissatisfaction to Gustav because of that.

Subaru: […Gustav-san, this is what everyone has to say, and yet…]

Gustav: [I heard them, Schwartz. In my capacity, I only have two ears like you, unlike the number of arms I have, but I intend on performing my duties to the fullest. Including this only head of mine.]

Rust-Haired Man: [If that’s――]

Gustav: [――Silence. If you interrupt me in my capacity, it is tantamount to obstructing the will of His Excellency the Emperor.]

With just those few words, any further remarks from the rust-haired man were shut down.

Gustav did not change his expression, nor the tone of his voice. Even so, the meaning carried in his words was much heavier than before.

The rust-haired man, as well as the other two, shut their mouths. Seeing this, Gustav nodded.

Gustav: [Very well, I shall continue. As I have declared, I shall now begin your Sparka. The audience is already set to be composed of the Island’s resident gladiators, with no visitors from the outside. This is a litmus test, to ascertain if you are capable of entertaining such important visitors.]

Subaru: [Audience…]

Quietly, with a sense of displeasure, Subaru muttered.

The fake Cecilus, who had been with Subaru up until he was pushed into the room, had told him “Good luck! I’ll be watching from up there!” as of their parting.

He did not confirm what sort of significance it held, but this gave him a rough idea.

Subaru: [Don’t tell me, you’re going to make us fight each other…]

Lizardman: [Ha! Ya really dunno anythin’, do ya, brat? If that were the case, surely, we’d be oh-so-happy to have someone like ya in the mix!]

Subaru: [Uh…]

As soon as he put his thoughts to words, the lizardman ridiculed him, letting out his long tongue.

But they had a point. If Sparka was to be conducted by the members present here, then a child would have been welcome amidst them.

Rather, what they were worried about, was that Subaru would not be a capable fighter――,

Subaru: [Rather, all of us are going to fight something?]

Tattooed Man: [Yer pretty clever, kid. Me, I’ve got a short temper. So shut yer trap for a sec…]

Rather than gently praising him for being correct, with bloodshot eyes, the tattooed man gave him a warning.

For now, it felt like their teamplay had definitely started off in the dumps. Though this was no situation for him to speak casually like that.

Rust-Haired Man: [Just what in the world do you intend on having us fight?]

Gustav: [It will not be trained gladiators. You would not stand a chance against them. In my capacity, that is all I can tell you. ――Because this enemy never appears in the light of day.]

Rust-Haired Man: [――? A riddle? That’s in poor taste.]

The corners of his mouth twisting into a grimace, the rust-haired man responded to Gustav’s words.

Then he took a small breath and continued, “So then”,

Rust-Haired Man: [Although you press me to be silent, let me at least ask you this. If that child is the fourth person, then what about the fifth person? Our Unit is…]

Gustav: [Your Unit, its fifth person is still asleep in the healing room. As long as that one does not awaken, only these people will undergo the challenge of Sparka.]

Rust-Haired Man: [Are you insane, Governor…!]

Gustav: [If necessary to abide as per His Excellency the Emperor’s will, I shall utilize either sanity or insanity.]

Faced with Gustav’s cold-hearted answer, the rust-haired man looked away, having gotten nowhere. Then, turning his gaze towards Subaru, he called out with a “You”.

Due to that threatening attitude earlier and being beckoned suddenly, Subaru’s cheeks stiffened,

Subaru: [W-what is it…?]

Rust-Haired Man: [From the looks of it, you’re just some poor kid, but what can you do? Any special skills? Any magic? Perhaps you’d have something strong and useful?]

Subaru: [U-useful special skills…]

Subaru’s eyes darted around in a panic as he was asked a series of questions.

Unfortunately, after shrinking, he did not feel like he could handle the whip properly, and he was helpless when it came to magic without the adorable Beatrice. Other than that, even his various little tricks could not be used properly while he was shrunken down.

Subaru, unable to respond, kept silent. The rust-haired man put his hand to his forehead,

Rust-Haired Man: [Really, he’s just a child… What a mess.]

And muttered in a voice terribly laden with disappointment.

Lizardman: [He, hehe, we’ve got a brat, and we’re lackin’ in people. It’s over. Over! OOOVEEER!]

Tattooed Man: [Don’t raise yer damn voice, scaly bastard. Ya wanna die ‘cause ya pissed me off…?]

Lizardman: [Ahhn? Can’t hear ya, yer voice’s way too quiet!]

The interaction between Subaru and the rust-haired man not to their liking, a big row began between the lizardman and the tattooed man. The two glared at each other, making it seem like a fight was only a few moments away from breaking out. Then, the rust-haired man broke in between the two, shouting “Wait!”,

Rust-Haired Man: [Why are we fighting!? I know you’re feeling sorry for yourselves, but listen to me! I used to be a warrior serving someone highly esteemed before I came here! If you follow my instructions, you’ll…]

Lizardman: [Shut up! Ya were a warrior? Then why the hell are ya here? Because ya were beaten and taken prisoner, yeah!? That’s not a good sign!]

Tattooed Man: [There’s nothing more idiotic than to put one’s life in someone else’s hands. I won’t let anyone control my fate.]

Rust-Haired Man: [Y-you bastards…!]

However, both the lizardman and the tattooed man did not listen at all to the words of the rust-haired man that stood in between them.

To make matters worse, with the two talking back, the rust-haired man turned red and started getting angry. Given that what lay ahead was unknown, this definitely was not a good situation.

Subaru: [G-Gustav-san…]

Gustav: [Schwartz, there is nothing in my capacity left to be said. I, as the official, have already told you my intentions. Even a single drop of blood that is shed within the Gladiator Island shall be utilized for the prosperity of the Empire. Even a single drop.]

Subaru: [Even if you state it once more, I still don’t get it…]

The three had their scuffle, and the one remaining, Subaru, was unable to pick up on the meaning of Gustav’s words.

As he gazed down at the four of them in their immensely desperate situation, Gustav would not speak anything further.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――The relationship between the four of them remained at its worst, and thus Sparka, the problem at hand, commenced.

Subaru: [――――]

A circular field surrounded by high walls, that was the stage for gladiators called the gladiatorial arena.

On the other side of the wall, there was staircase-like seating for the audience. The seats were gradually filling up with the figures of people sitting down, and one could tell that a quiet enthusiasm enshrouded the whole venue.

What was eerie, however, was that those who overlooked the gladiatorial arena―― the so-called gladiators if Gustav’s explanation were to be followed, were doing so without complaint.

The way Subaru had imagined it, the audience in a place like this was expected to be a vulgar and boisterous bunch.

However, such a large difference from what he imagined was perhaps inevitable.

After all, it was Gustav the one who managed and controlled this island. ――It was unthinkable that the big, unbending man would tolerate any vulgar attitude from the gladiators.

Subaru: [Just running down the hallway would probably have severe punishments.]

Hence, Subaru was doing his best to put on a brave front while averting his eyes from reality.

Otherwise, he would have to force his trembling knees to run away at any moment.

――Slowly, from behind the opening iron gate, the glint of a Witchbeast’s eyes emerged.

Gladiator Beast: [――――]

The Witchbeast stepping out wore a lion’s face, and Subaru recognized its garish body.

It was the large Witchbeast that had been brought into the mansion by a girl wearing braids in the past, and it was also the monumental opponent that had become the material for Subaru’s whip. Although, its name did not come to him immediately.

Subaru: [ L-lion …?]

Gladiator Beast: [――AROOOOOO!!!]

As if answering Subaru’s call, the Witchbeast, or rather, the lion Gladiator Beast, roared. The roar echoed throughout the gladiatorial arena, and Subaru could feel the sound reverberating within his body.

A Gladiator Beast larger than Gustav, even just seeing something of the sort at a distance was unbearably terrifying.

Rust-Haired Man: [If we don’t kill that thing, we’re not going to make it.]

Glaring at the lion, the rust-haired man spoke with an unpleasant voice.

Indeed, that was correct. That was the condition to end this Sparka, a challenge that Subaru and the three others had to work together to accomplish.

It was a dreadful challenge with no chance of victory in sight.

Lizardman: [Shit, damn it, why am I in this mess…?!]

Rust-Haired Man: [Enough with the whining! We need to do everything we can to survive! Look over there!]

Lizardman: [Huh?]

Covering his face with both hands, the lizardman lamented as if it were the end of the world. Tapping him on the shoulder, the rust-haired man pointed to what appeared to be the edges of the gladiatorial arena―― to be more precise, to something affixed to the left and right edges of the venue, as seen by Subaru’s group located on the corner opposite to the lion.

There, they could see something stick at each of those corners――,

Tattooed Man: [――Are those, swords?]

Subaru: [Oh, it looks that way to me too…!]

Upon agreeing with the tattooed man’s words, what Subaru received was a cold stare. But even if his allies did not agree with him, it was not like what he saw disappeared like smoke.

There were indeed two swords lodged in the ground over there.

Rust-Haired Man: [They wouldn’t simply feed us to that Gladiator Beast without weapons. So our first priority is to secure weapons. However, only the sword on the right is viable.]

Tattooed Man: […Yeah.]

The tattooed man nodded in agreement to the rust-haired man’s words. Subaru was of the same opinion, though he remained silent, as he thought he would be stared at if he spoke out.

After all, the sword on the right was small, while the one on the left was too large.

The sword on the left was so large, its blade so thick, not to mention how unwieldy it was, that it made him wonder if that sword was possibly for Gustav’s use.

Even if Subaru had not been shrunk, it was so huge that it seemed impossible to lift.

Perhaps the rust-haired man and the tattooed man were also unable to use a sword that large.

Therefore, only the smaller sword could be used as a weapon. If they had a member who could use that large sword, it sure would have been reassuring.

Rust-Haired Man: [It’s too large. There’s no other way but to get a weapon, and aim for that Gladiator Beast’s eyes. We stir up the insides of its head, and finish it off. That’s our only way to win.]

Tattooed Man: […Can ya use a sword?]

Rust-Haired Man: [I told you. I used to be a warrior. I can use it better than you can.]

The rust-haired man answered confidently, and the tattooed man closed one eye and pondered. Coercively judging that silence as an affirmative from what it seemed, the rust-haired man turned back to Subaru and the lizardman,

Rust-Haired Man: [When he announces the start, I’ll go and secure that sword. In the meantime, as I’ll be defenseless, keep the Gladiator Beast away from me.]

Subaru: [H-how am I gonna keep it away?]

Rust-Haired Man: [You can draw attention by shouting or making sounds. At least figure that out on your own!]

Subaru: [G-got it…]

At the rust-haired man’s powerful retort, Subaru nodded meekly.

It was a pretty reckless and scary strategy, but it was not like he could think of any other method. And if the rust-haired man’s swordsmanship was as good as his confidence suggested, they could take down the lion.

He needed to get this dreaded Sparka over with so he could figure out his next course of action.

Therefore――,

Gustav: [――Well then, LET SPARKA COMMENCE!!]

With that bold, stark proclamation from Gustav, the unleashed lion poised itself to pounce.

Pressured by its intimidating presence, Subaru took a breath in preparation to get the Gladiator Beast’s attention, so he could buy time for the rust-haired man to secure his weapon.

Rust-Haired Man: [Guaa!?]

Subaru: [――Hk!?]

Faster than he could shout, he immediately became speechless as he saw the rust-haired man collapse to the ground right next to him.

The rust-haired man, who had planned to start running right after Gustav’s declaration, collapsed onto the ground. That alone was a surprise, but what was even more surprising was that a kick struck him in the face.

The one who did that, was the tattooed man, who was supposedly his comrade.

He had swept the rust-haired man off his feet as the latter was about to sprint, and launched a kick as the latter fell. Then, after ascertaining that the rust-haired man had tumbled over and laid sprawled out,

Tattooed Man: [I told’cha. I ain’t putting my life in someone else’s hands…]

With that said, the tattooed man ran off at a brisk pace, heading toward the small sword.

Subaru’s eyes widened at the suddenness of the situation, and panicking over what he should do,

Lizardman: [N-not me! I-I ain’t gonna die!]

Subaru: [Hey!?]

The lizardman screamed in a quavering voice and fled with his back to the lion. Like that, he stuck to the wall of the gladiatorial arena and slowly began to change the color of his scales.

His gray-colored scales blended in with the color of the wall, making his large body surprisingly difficult to see.

One person outmaneuvered his comrade, one person clung onto the wall, one person got beat up by his comrade, and the last person just widened his eyes in panic, completely confused by the situation.

――This was the worst possible start.

Subaru: [W-what can I…]

Possibly do, and as Subaru’s face went pale in shock, he looked towards the lion.

Looking at this group with zero sense of unity, just what kind of impression did the Gladiator Beast have? Or rather, Subaru was frightened that its fangs would pierce him the moment he turned around.

However――,

Gladiator Beast: [――――]

Subaru: [Huh?]

The start had been declared, and he thought that surely the Gladiator Beast would toy with them, foolish as they were. But the lion remained in the same poised posture it had made at the beginning, without even the slightest movement.

It was as if the beginning had not even been declared.

And, while thinking about that, Subaru realized it. ――That things were progressing just as it felt it would.

Subaru: [I-It’s no good――!]

Reaching his hand out, he tried to speak right away, but he could not continue beyond that point.

After all, Subaru did not know his name. He could not call out the name of someone he did not know, so even if he called out to them, just how much impact would it have?

Because of that, Subaru’s voice was lost of strength, nor could it stop what was to come.

Tattooed Man: [Now that I have this, I can…]

Outmaneuvering his companions, the tattooed man, who had run so vigorously, reached the sword lodged in the ground of the gladiatorial arena.

Chuckling to himself, he pulled the sword out from the ground and felt it in his hands. Just how much courage did the feeling and weight of the cold metal give him, who had been unarmed?

Jauntily, he turned his head, his face was as though there were no enemies.

Gladiator Beast: [――AROOOO!!]

The tattooed man’s face was blown off without mercy by the lion, with a swipe of its front paws.

Its sharp claws sent everything upwards from the man’s neck flying, and with his body not yet recognizing its own demise, it took a little bit before blood violently spurt out.

Subaru: [Eek…]

At the sight of this horrific scene, Subaru’s throat hitched.

At the same time, he cursed himself from the bottom of his heart for his stupidity in not realizing things sooner.

The lion had gotten up at the very moment the tattooed man gripped the hilt of the sword.

For the lion, that had been the true declaration that the event had begun. Up till then, Subaru and his team certainly still had time to refine their strategy.

However, through impatience, and through anxiety, Subaru’s squad had ruined it all.

Gladiator Beast: [――AROOOO!!!]

Along with the high-pitched clang that rang out when the sword hit the ground, the tattooed man’s headless body toppled over backwards. Indifferent to the death of its prey, the lion howled loudly, commencing a ferocious sprint using its four large legs. ――Straight toward the wall of the gladiatorial arena.

Lizardman: [Stop, stopstopstop, getawaygetawayGETAWAAAAAAAAY!!]

He did not know what method the lion had utilized to find the whereabouts of the lizardman camouflaged against the wall. Although he did not know that, what he did know for certain, was that the lizardman’s inability to bear the lion’s approach, as he let out a scream and ran away, was undoubtedly what caused the decisive blow.

Gladiator Beast: [――AROOOO!]

The lion plunged headfirst into the wall, its powerful headbutt crushing the lower half of the lizardman before the latter could escape, causing the contents of his body to spill out like a frog ran over by a car.

Lizardman: [Gueh.]

Although he had taken the color of the wall, the organs ejected from his squashed mouth took on a vibrant red and pink color, and Subaru absentmindedly thought about how his innards remained the same.

With those thoughts, Subaru also understood, without a shadow of a doubt, that the crushed lizardman in front of him was dead.

And then――,

Rust-Haired Man: [What… What, a stupid thing to do…]

Shaking his head, the rust-haired man feebly grumbled at the sight of these two deaths.

He had been desperately trying to get through this situation and to get everyone to join forces in his own way. But one of his companions had outwitted him, the other had tried to run away, thus completely nullifying that possibility.

The rust-haired man did not expect Subaru to be capable of doing what he had expected from the tattooed man and the lizardman, as well.

Even if he had indeed expected something of him, Subaru himself did not feel that he could meet those demands.

Perhaps having understood Subaru’s inner thoughts, the man looked into Subaru’s eyes.

Rust-Haired Man: […Stay behind me.]

Upon comprehending just how hopeless their situation was, how many humans could put on such a brave front and face their demise head-on?

The rust-haired man, devoid of weapons, devoid of comrades, could only hope to at least face his last moments with integrity.

With the child Subaru sheltered behind him, he glared at the lion who had turned around.

In response to his stare, the lion let out a short roar, then rushed toward Subaru and the man, lifting a cloud of dust as its four powerful limbs kicked off the ground.

Subaru: [Uh, uhh…!]

He could not wrap his head around the events that had occurred in that split second.

If only one of his reliable friends were here, would he somehow find a way?

If Louis, Medium, Flop, Taritta, Al, Abel, Mizelda, Holly, Kuna, Utakata, Rem――.

If any one of his friends were here, then could he somehow do it?

Subaru: [In a place like this…]

Am I gonna , and Subaru tried to wring the rest out of his trembling voice.

However, he was unable to. Because before he could do so, the lion had caught up to Subaru and the man―― but not quite.

That was because Subaru’s shoulders had been grabbed, and forcibly thrusted forward.

Rust-Haired Man: [No, I don’t, I don’t want to die―― hk!!]

Screaming, the man with rust-colored hair pushed Subaru in front of the lion.

Staring in astonishment, he had no time to curse him out. Only, Subaru’s body flew as light as a leaf from a tree as the lion rammed straight into him.

Subaru: [――――]

What a frail body he had.

Subaru’s body was quickly shredded by the Gladiator Beast’s ramming attack. This did not mean he had been dismembered, but rather that his insides had been scattered into tiny pieces.

Bones, internal organs, all broke and crumpled, as if he had been hit by a truck.

Rust-Haired Man: [Save me! I made a mistake! I lied! Me being a warrior was a lie! I was just trying to make myself seem important! Let me out! LET ME OOOUT!!]

Below Subaru as he whirled around in midair, the rust-haired man screamed and shouted as he jumped against the wall. Desperately, he appealed to Gustav, high above the wall.

And yet Gustav, upon observing the man crying, snot dripping from his nose, stood with a nonchalant face, with nary a movement of his eyebrows.

Perchance, he was already aware of the rust-haired man’s lie.

Perhaps, he was not at all interested in whether it was true or false.

Whichever it was, it mattered not.

Rust-Haired Man: [Save――]

As the rust-haired man pleaded and clung to the wall, he was struck by one of the lion’s paws, thrust from right behind him, and he was squashed like a tomato thrown at a wall.

The tattooed man, the lizardman, and the rust-haired man, all had fallen before the Gladiator Beast.

???: [――su, Basu, can you hear me?]

Suddenly hearing a voice amongst the loud ringing in his ears, Subaru limply shifted his head.

Only then did he realize that he had been blown away and that, before he knew it, he had fallen to the ground, tumbling about. Even if he had realized it, he was powerless to stop it anyway.

In addition, the voice he had heard was coming from atop the wall, where a figure was watching Subaru tumbling on the ground.

A boy with tied-up blue hair, and a somewhat detestable face.

Cecilus: [My bad, it seems like I was wrong in my expectations! I thought I’d be able to, but it seems like I’m not as good as my dad. It appears that I’m not a good judge of character!]

Subaru: [Ah, ah…]

Cecilus: [In the meantime, is there anything you want to tell your companion once she wakes up? I thought how story-like it’d be to pass a message, so why don’t I seize this opportunity!]

While he observed Subaru’s groans, the fake Cecilus’s demeanor seemed completely steadfast.

Thinking back on it, his attitude had never changed. Not when Subaru woke up, not when he and Subaru talked in the healing room, and not when Subaru was like this, on the verge of dying.

He felt that this insane view of life and death was an element that made the fake Cecilus, though he was supposedly just a boy-who-cried-wolf, seem a tad more authentic.

If that much were to be assumed, then he truly would be the most powerful General of the Vollachian Empire.

Subaru: [――It.]

Cecilus: [Huh? What? Basu, please speak louder, as these are your last words! If I get the message wrong, I think I’ll regret it forever.]

Subaru: [I hate, it…]

Cecilus: [――――]

So he declared towards the fake Cecilus, who had cupped his hands around his ears to try and hear Subaru’s voice.

The fake Cecilus raised his eyebrows at these words. He would speak a bit louder, from the depths of his throat.

Subaru: [The Empire, I, really hate it.]

Cecilus: [――Yes, yes, for sure. I’ll remember that well and pass it on, Basu.]

Holding tightly onto his resentment, he cursed the fake Cecilus, whose face looked like he was dealing with someone else’s problem.

But whether that curse would destroy the Empire, Subaru could not be sure.

After all――,

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!]

Of the four that had been fighting against it, only Subaru remained; and so, the Gladiator Beast approached him, opened its gigantic maw, and mercilessly swallowed Subaru whole head-first.

Subaru: [――Hk!]

Though all the bones of his body were in pieces by now, the lion’s fangs tore every aspect of his body into ribbons.

The little mercy he received was that his body had become unable to feel pain due to how crumpled it had become, and so, he was incapable of feeling anything more than a slight displeasure at being devoured into nothing.

Then, he tried his best to raise hell and get stuck in the lion’s throat, but he was unable to do that either.

Because with one final bite, that sly head of his attempting revenge was crushed――.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [If we don’t kill that thing, we’re not going to make it.]

It was just after a few moments of being crushed by the writhing reddish-black flesh surrounding him.

Seemingly caught off-guard upon hearing that voice, Subaru was brought back to reality. However, it was a reality that was so hopeless that it was tempting to mistake it for a nightmare upon waking up.

The noisy sensation of that silent heat, and the dry sands were spread out the grounds of the gladiatorial arena.

The worst-case scenario had arrived right before his eyes, and his comrades―― or rather, those who had simply wound up in the same situation as him, were each plotting various ways to protect their own lives as their number one priority.

Were he not to think of them as that, everything that had just happened would have been very hard for him to accept.

Subaru: [Uah, ahh, ahhh…!]

Though he had no need to, he still thought about it.

Because of that, Subaru’s whole body remembered the Gladiator Beast’s ramming attack, the fear of being chewed up, and his reckless anger towards reality.

As these thoughts surged, he could hardly stand up straight.

???: [Damn, he’s just a child after all… Well, I’ve had enough! You guys, look over there!]

???: [Ahh?]

To the crouching Subaru’s side, the rust-haired man directed the tattooed man and the lizardman to look at the large and small swords that had been prepared for them.

However, their attention had naturally focused to the side of the smaller sword. Disregarding the larger, unusable sword, their strategy was set on securing the other, and defeating the Gladiator Beast.

Tattooed Man: […Can ya use a sword?]

Rust-Haired Man: [I told you. I used to be a warrior. I can use it better than you can.]

The same things he had heard earlier continued unabated, and anxiety began to simmer within Subaru.

But, even in a state of being seized by fear and anxiety, that was a remark he could not let slide.

Subaru: [――That’s a lie.]

Rust-Haired Man: […What?]

Suddenly, the men’s strategy meeting was interrupted by Subaru’s voice.

The moment he heard that, the tone of the rust-haired man’s voice changed. The man turned around, and looked down towards Subaru as the latter crouched. Kneeling, Subaru fixedly stared at the man’s face.

And so, he repeated himself once more.

Subaru: [That you used to be a warrior, it’s a lie. You’re just downright lying!]

Rust-Haired Man: [O-on what grounds…! You bastard, are you intending to insult me just because I called you a child!?]

Subaru: [Who’s the one insulting here!? Lying and trying to make yourself look like a big shot is a much greater insult! In a situation like this, what’s the point of playing the tough guy!?!?]

Rust-Haired Man: [Gh, gh…!]

Perhaps he had thought that he could silence the child by yelling in a loud voice, but, instead, the rust-haired man was visibly flustered at Subaru snapping back in opposition.

The tattooed man who had spoke earlier had probably perceived his shaken manner as well.

Tattooed Man: […Oi, is what that kid said true? That’cha weren’t a warrior for real, and that ya were trying to deceive me?]

Rust-Haired Man: [W-wait, that’s just a child’s ramblings! You can’t just go spouting such nonsensical things in a place where our lives are at stake…]

Tattooed Man: [Exactly, since our lives are at stake, why don’t’cha try and explain yerself…]

The tattooed man grabbed the rust-haired man by the collar, the skeleton-like tattoo on his face contorting with anger. The rust-haired man gulped down his spit at that threatening attitude, lowly panting as if suffocating.

Because he had thoughtlessly interjected, such a fight had broken out. The lizardman, not involved in the fight, was visibly stepping back slowly and beginning preparations to escape.

Although Subaru’s interruption had been the impetus, this team was once again in a state of disarray and fragmentation.

Moreover, whether Subaru and his team were in such a state or not――,

Gustav: [―― Well then, LET SPARKA COMMENCE!!]

Gustav would not procrastinate in his pronouncement of the battle’s beginning.

Tattooed Man: [Care to explain, ya―― Uh, AAHHHHHH――!!]

A deep voice boisterously declared the start of the battle, and immediately after, the cracking voice of a man cut through the gladiatorial arena.

Anyone looking over would see that the one who had cried out was the tattooed man, pressing the rust-haired man for an answer. Somehow, the rust-haired man had bitten the hands that were grabbing his collar, and he seemed to have bitten those fingers off.

While the rust-haired man’s mouth was stained with blood, he pushed off the screaming tattooed man’s chest and sprinted for the sword.

Lizardman: [N-not me! I-I ain’t gonna die!]

And so, in contrast to the rust-haired man running towards the sword, the lizardman did as he did before and stuck to the wall of the gladiatorial arena, then started to change the color of his scales for camouflage.

Having lost two fingers, the tattooed man was crouched down clutching his right hand, and Subaru’s knees were trembling in fear at the situation before his eyes, which was even worse than last time.

Rust-Haired Man: [Mind, your own…! If only you’d just done as I said obediently!]

Without care for Subaru or the others, the rust-haired man with bloodshot eyes had arrived at the smaller sword.

Cursing that his lie had been discovered and that the tattooed man had grabbed him, he reached out his hand and pulled the sword out of the ground, readying it like a warrior would.

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!]

Then, having received the “start” signal, the lion pounced ferociously.

The resulting incident was practically identical to what had happened just before once the tattooed man had taken the sword. The rust-haired man did not even have the time to swing the sword he had readied, and both his arms were completely blown off as he was hit by the paws of the Gladiator Beast.

With a firm grip on the sword, the rust-haired man’s arms were torn off from the elbows down; and just as he stared in astonishment and let out a thin cry of “Ah”, the lion forcefully hurled itself at the man’s armless body and sent him flying, throwing him against the wall head-first.

The rust-haired man became a stain on the wall, and the roaring Gladiator Beast, ignoring Subaru and the tattooed man, ferociously sprinted straight for the rear wall of the gladiatorial arena.

Lizardman: [Stop, stopstopstop, getawaygetawayGETAWAAAAAAAAY!!]

The lizardman, having disguised himself as a wall, shrieked at the intimidating air of the lion running toward him.

Having given away his position by yelling, the lizardman hurried to change positions, but he did not have enough time. The lion’s charge crushed the lower half of his body, mortally wounding him as he vomited out his own internal organs.

Then, the lion that had murdered the two men in a blink of an eye slowly turned to Subaru and the tattooed man, and let out a bloody roar.

Subaru: [Eek…]

Tattooed Man: [Shit, it just keeps getting worse…]

His brain numb, his paralyzed thoughts slowly began flowing anew. Because of that, Subaru’s body remembered the fear, his teeth clattered, and his internal organs tightened.

As the tattooed man grinding his teeth had stated, the worst kept piling on top of the worst, and as a result, it had become an even worse and hopeless situation.

There had been no significance in calling the rust-haired man a liar.

Although nothing good would have come from exposing the rust-haired man’s lie there, Subaru had still done it without thinking. Because of that, everything was a mess.

Tattooed Man: […Still wanna live, kid?]

Subaru: [Huh…]

Tattooed Man: [If ya wanna live, pick up the sword.]

The man with the tattoos spoke this to Subaru, the latter’s vision blurry, looking as if he was about to break down crying at any moment.

Gazing towards him, the tattooed man pounded the ground with his bleeding right hand, and stood up while breaking into a greasy sweat. As he did so, he jerked his chin to the sword lying on the ground―― indicating what had fallen to the ground together with the rust-haired man’s severed arm.

Tattooed Man: [I’ll draw that monster’s attention… Ya grab that sword, and throw it to me.]

Subaru: [B-but…]

Tattooed Man: [Even if I’m missing two fingers, I can use it better than ya, kid…]

Having been told so clearly, Subaru was at a loss for words.

There were two swords, one large and one small, and although he had been referring to the smaller one, it was still a sword too long and large for a child’s body to use. Just as the tattooed man had stated, even if Subaru were to wield it with both hands, the only outcome would be that he would tumble due to its length and weight.

However, when the tattooed man declared that he would take the sword and defeat the lion, Subaru thought of it as impossible, remembering his death last time.

And yet――,

Subaru: [I don’t… want to give up, either…]

Tattooed Man: […Yer better than that fraud and that scaredy-cat.]

Bearing the pain, the tattooed man contorted his lips, welcoming Subaru’s determination.

And with that, the tattooed man glared at the lion who was carefully observing them, and, bit-by-bit, widened the distance between him and Subaru,

Tattooed Man: [It’s Weitz…]

Subaru: […Huh?]

Weitz: [That’s my name, Schwartz.]

Being called Schwartz, Subaru’s eyes widened in astonishment.

Subaru wondered where the man had heard that name, but Gustav was the only one who had referred to Subaru as Schwartz. That was why the tattooed man―― Weitz, remembered the name he had been called during their first meeting.

Of course, that did not really amount to anything, and he knew that last time, Weitz had been a coward as he tried to outmaneuver the rust-haired man.

He knew that, but――,

Weitz: [――Go!]

Weitz’s shout just then became his reason to rely on him and run without hesitating.

Subaru: [――――]

Firmly enduring his urge to scream, Subaru ran along the ground of the gladiatorial arena with all his might.

Naturally, he was slow. His childlike body had short limbs, and his internal organs, contracted by fear and tension, were in terrible pain. Even though he already often suffered from a lack of strength under normal circumstances, this body was a far-too-lacking one.

Still, he ran, desperately. He ran, and ran, and ran, until he reached the sword.

Subaru: [Uh, kuh…!]

Both of the rust-haired man’s hands still clung to the sword, and just looking at them made him want to retch. However, this was no time to throw up.

Peeling off the firm, rigid fingers one at a time, he forcibly detached the sword from the rust-haired man’s hands.

Then, while breathing heavily, Subaru lifted the sword.

Subaru: [Yes, I got it out!]

Taking a large breath, Subaru hoisted the sword he had picked up. Then he turned around and was about to throw the sword over to Weitz’s direction, when――,

Weitz: [Schwartz!!]

Weitz’s frantic voice made all the hairs on Subaru’s entire body stand on end.

Subaru turned around, and filling his field of vision was a lion, its mouth gaping wide, barreling toward him. At that moment, he felt like a deer about to be eaten, and the lion’s movements seemed to be in slow motion.

Subaru: [――――]

Slowly, the scary-looking lion was drawing near.

It seemed as if he could dodge it, but since his own movements were in slow motion much like his vision, he would be unable to escape at all. Only, he continued to throw the sword that he brandished.

At the very least, he wanted to finish throwing the sword before the lion’s attack hit him.

――Hurry, hurry, hurryhurryhurryhurryhurry!!

Within the frustrating slowness, the voice in Subaru’s head cried out desperately, wishing upon his arms and fingers.

Would it reach him? The sword finally left Subaru’s hand, whirling around and spinning vertically as it flew past the dashing lion and toward Weitz.

Weitz, his hand outstretched with missing fingers, was shouting something to Subaru, who was being hunted down by the lion. However, he did not understand the true form of that shout. Even though he did not understand, it was okay.

Anyway, he just needed to put the sword that had been thrown to good use.

Subaru: [Uh, WAHHHH――!!]

Right when he thought he had completed his part, the once-slowed world returned to normal.

The howling lion dived at him, and Subaru, screaming and expecting to be torn apart by the Gladiator Beast’s claws or fangs, fell onto his butt. Tears and snot streaming down his face, Subaru accepted that he was going to make an incredibly pathetic dying face.

And yet――,

Subaru: [――Huh?]

The lion’s attack, that which should have killed Subaru, did not reach him.

Because, the lion had stuck its front paws into the ground right in front of Subaru, dispelling its own momentum, then fired off its hind legs into Weitz directly behind it.

Weitz: [Buh.]

Having received the sword thrown by Subaru, Weitz slashed at the lion from behind. Weitz’s face, riddled with tattoos, was smashed to bits by the hooves of the lion’s hind legs.

Exactly as before, Weitz died having had everything above his neck exploded. The sword he had brandished fell out of his hand and rolled on the ground into the distance, fruitless.

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!]

Then, the lion that had just killed Weitz slowly turned its attention back to Subaru.

There was no lenience there to let him off the hook, only a ferocious intent to kill.

???: [Basu! Basu! Excuse me, but do you think you can still recover from that?]

Behind him, calling out to him from the audience in the gladiatorial arena, was the fake Cecilus, who had been watching this pitiful fight. And as he looked down at Subaru, who had fallen on his buttocks,

Cecilus: [Like some awakening of a hidden power, or the release of some sealed technique triggered by the brutal death of a fellow comrade! Is it likely? Is it unlikely?]

Subaru: […I don’t have anything like that.]

Cecilus: [Yeaaah~, seems about right. My bad, looks like I was wrong in my expectations! Do you have a message for the girl who was with you, or something? I wonder how story-like would doing something like that be!]

Unchanged from the time he had died earlier, being spoken to in such a relaxed tone, Subaru let out a “Ha”, exhaling. What was different from before was that the bones of Subaru’s body were not yet in pieces.

Even though he might be ripped to pieces after this, and even though he was scared to death, he had yet to die still.

Subaru: [Ceci, just one question.]

Cecilus: [Not a message, but a question? A so-called memento for the afterlife? Whether or not my answer would fulfill Basu’s question will be a test of an actor’s blossoming brilliance――]

Subaru: [That lion, why didn’t it kill me earlier?]

Cecilus: [――Hmm.]

Pointing to the Gladiator Beast in front of him, Subaru asked the fake Cecilus perched on the wall.

Subaru was not sure if he, the boy-who-cried-wolf that he was, would give the straight answer that he desired. He just comforted himself with the thought that it was not-so-bad for a useless struggle.

To Subaru’s question, the fake Cecilus spoke as he stroked his slender chin,

Cecilus: [That’s easy, Basu. ――Even if it’s ferocious, a beast is a beast. In that case, a beast only hunts by instinct. Instinct is the power to live.]

Subaru: […What do you mean?]

Cecilus: [If you were that beast, Basu, who’d you aim for?]

The riddle-like phrasing did not give Subaru that simple question-and-answer sequence.

Irritated, Subaru pondered the meaning of the fake Cecilus’s words. If Subaru were to be that lion, just who would he target?

If he were to aim for someone, what would be his reason――.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Suddenly, it dawned on him. So that was what the reason was, he understood.

And――,

Cecilus: [When she wakes up, I’ll tell her that Basu was brave. I suck at lying, so thank heavens you were brave!]

Hearing such an insensitive voice, he did not have any time to respond.

Having reached an understanding, Subaru widened his eyes, and the lion standing in front of him swung its paw towards him.

For the first time, Subaru truly heard the sound of his own body being crushed.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [If we don’t kill that thing, we’re not going to make it.]

His skull had been crushed, his shoulders had been crushed, his body had been crushed, his hips had been crushed, every part of him had been crushed.

Slowly, Subaru experienced just that, a human body being dealt a blow of such unbearable power and speed that it would be brought to ruin in that manner, as if it were from someone else’s perspective.

Of course, it really was not someone else’s problem.

If possible, he would meet the end with the least amount of suffering. With the minimum amount of pain and fear. Still, Subaru’s way of thinking was only possible due to how much experience he’d had at Chaosflame.

――Those ten seconds of hell.

Since that had happened, Subaru deeply understood the importance of a mere few seconds.

And because that understanding permeated his body――,

???: [Shit, damn it, why am I in this mess…?!]

???: [Enough with the whining! We need to do everything we can to survive! Look over――]

Right beside him, the lizardman and the rust-haired man became desperate as they accepted the situation before them.

While listening to this already familiar conversation, Subaru called out.

Subaru: [Weitz! Hold that guy down!]

Weitz: [What…?]

The moment Subaru shouted that, the tattooed man―― Weitz, had his facial tattoo distort in confusion.

That was natural. Although he had never once mentioned it, Subaru knew his name. But even if he had been called out by his name, he had no intentions of doing as he was told by some creepy kid.

But neither the bewildered Weitz, nor the rust-haired man, nor the lizardman, startled by Subaru’s sudden loud voice, had time to stop his sudden action.

And then――,

Subaru: [――Lion! Who are you aiming for!?]

Subaru’s tiny hand grabbed the sword lodged in the ground with force as he shouted.

At that moment, without waiting for Gustav’s command, the Gladiator Beast howled, kicked its feet upon the ground, and ferociously barreled forward toward Subaru――.

Cecilus: [If Basu were that beast, who would you aim for?]

The words of the fake Cecilus, like a riddle, had been painfully seared into Subaru’s brain.

Indeed, that was it. If Subaru were the lion, he would go for the “dangerous ones” first. For instance, in this place, that would be the one wielding a weapon.

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!]

Subaru gritted his molars, and faced the howling lion lunging at him. He had a visceral shudder of fear, but he would not be defeated, he would not run away, and he would not cry.

He had already been killed twice, and no matter how many more times he had to face this scary experience.

Subaru: [Don’t think that just because I’m a kid, I’m gonna cry and give up right away!!]

Cooperating with a coward, a scaredy-cat, and a fraud, with all his might, with all his power, with all his body and soul, he would fight through this Sparka to the bitter end.

――In that decisive moment, the lion’s powerful paw ferociously reaped the life of Natsuki Subaru, along with his third attempt.

--- Chapter 64: Magic Words ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch Cult Translations is recruiting! We’re currently looking for machine translators and Japanese to English checkers. If you’re interested in either of these roles, you can leave a reply in the comments below with your contact information, send a DM to @WCTranslations , or contact Ice#6557 on Discord.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

——An abominable technique left behind by the Vicious Old Man, Olbart Dunkelkenn.

By meddling with the Od of others, the shinobi’s secret infantilization technique could remarkably reverse the growth of one’s body.

All living beings were naught more than containers for that which came into existence from nothingness, the Od. Depending on the shape of the Od, the size and form of the container would vary accordingly.

Therefore, all living creatures would don different appearances, and establish themselves as unique life forms.

If this theory was correct, that the body only served as a container for the Od, then by altering the shape of one’s Od, the form of its container could be altered freely.

By compressing one’s Od, then the body, serving as the container, could also be shrunk——.

???: [Well, ta tell ya the truth, I’m not sure how the shinobi ancestors came up with those ideas. In the first place, not knowin’ the methods ta train yer body ta the brink of death, nor how ta ascertain that limit, must’ve been scary, huh?]

???: [And so, that’s what a shinobi is. When the time of tryin’ to become one arrives, you’re on the path of Shura, not ta mention that the tale becomes one of constantly walkin’ over a mountain of corpses, ya see.]

???: [There are lotsa techniques, but if ya don’t test them with yer own life, ya can’t leave them behind in a book of secrets, ya know? My secret technique’s… just one among several dozen, but even so, it’s no exception to that.]

???: [But, it’s amusin’ that the actual result and the effects deviate so much, ya know. I was sure they’d just shrink someone, ya know, but it goes as far as ta completely restore the brain ta its youthful state.]

???: [Unfortunately, I really don’t understand why either. Well, it’s ’cause the Od’s forcibly tampered with. Just as yer body shrinks ta fit yer Od, yer mind’d prolly shrink ta fit yer Od as well, yeah?]

???: [Well, it’s a technique I don’t use very often, ’cause I usually hafta kill the person I’m usin’ it on, so I’ve never bothered ta find out the reason why. In fact, it’s easier ta kill someone if not only their body but also the contents of their head shrink, so it’s a perfect solution, ya know?]

???: [Altho’, you’ll sometimes get guys who’ve already got some serious resolve in them, from the time they were kids! Ya can’t expect that trick ta work on those kinda guys, even if the stuff in their head’s shrunk. ——Ah, and…]

???: [————]

???: […Oh, it’s nothing. Anyway, I’m fond of it since it’s one of the more amusin’ shinobi techniques, ya know? It’s easier to deal with a weak enemy, isn’t it?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Anger, anger simmered up in Subaru, scorching his soul.

There was fear. There was also tension. Furthermore, there was also unease.

He thought that of all the negative emotions one could think of, he probably possessed them all.

But, all those negative emotions blazed, burning though every carefully folded and wrapped thing until naught, without exception, remained, his raging anger surged up.

Lizardman: [Shit, damn it, why am I in this mess…?!]

Shut up, idiot. No one’ll listen to your whining.

Rust-Haired Man: [I told you. I used to be a warrior. I can use it better than you can.]

Shut up, idiot. That’s a lie, you’re just trying to show off, it’s been obvious for a long time already .

Weitz: [I told’cha. I ain’t putting my life in someone else’s hands…]

Shut up, idiot. Like hell you can survive this alone. Look around yourself a little more.

――Yes, look around you, do so properly, at everything that you can put to use.

Subaru: [Weitz, take this! It’ll aim for the one who has the sword!]

The moment he grabbed the sword, a roar reverberated through the gladiatorial arena as the black lion broke out into a ferocious charge.

He already knew that it was aiming for him―― No, at the prey that wielded the sword. So, grasping the sword he had pulled out, he tossed it towards Weitz, who was standing still.

When Subaru ran ahead, breaking out into a sprint at the outset, the three members of his team froze in surprise.

Among those three people stuck in place, the one to receive the sword that Subaru had thrown over proper was the tattooed man―― Weitz, the only one to come to their senses in their last moments.

Weitz: [K-kid…!]

Witnessing the spinning sword lodge itself underneath his foot, Weitz immediately grabbed it by the hilt.

However, he had given a proper listen to Subaru’s voice, so he quickly understood that rather than being the key to defeat the lion, the sword was more of a flag to change its target.

The problem was――,

Rust-Haired Man: [G-give me that sword! I’ll take that Gladiator Beast and…!]

Subsequently coming to his senses, at Weitz’s side, the rust-haired man tried to snatch the sword the former had secured.

His mind riddled by tension and fear, the rust-haired man’s judgement was beyond repair. If this continued and became a scuffle over the sword, the two of them would both fall prey to the lion’s paws.

For that reason, he had to prevent that before it could happen.

Subaru: [Hiain! Behind you!]

Hiain: [B-behind me…!?]

Just before the rust-haired man grabbed onto Weitz, Subaru called out the name of the unaware lizardman―― Hiain, convincing him that he was cornered by the imminent danger behind him.

Being the most cowardly among the three, he turned around in panic at Subaru’s voice to ascertain what was about to attack him.

But, there was nothing there. Subaru merely wished for him to turn around.

With his body stiffening in fear, Hiain turned around and――,

Rust-Haired Man: [Guh!]

Instinctively extending his tail, Hiain struck the rust-haired man’s flank from the side. The latter was sent rolling at the unexpected obstruction, allowing Weitz to snatch away the sword.

Then, the lion came flying towards Weitz, who was properly standing on-guard, having changed its target from Subaru to him.

Subaru: [Get down!]

Weitz: [Tch!]

Hearing Subaru’s voice, Weitz crouched as the lion’s fangs bore down on the air right above him. Weitz’s tattooed face contorted into a grimace as he dove underneath the lion’s belly, releasing the sword before the next attack could come.

With a plop, the sword, thrown without force, settled itself atop Hiain’s chest, who instinctively grabbed it.

Hiain: [Huh?]

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!]

Hiain: [H-hyaaaaaaaaah――!!]

Naturally, the lion’s focus turned toward Hiain, who reacted poorly.

As if he did not fully understand the situation, Hiain turned his back to the lion with the sword held in his arms, and with his surprisingly fast sprinting speed, he immediately distanced himself from the lion.

The lion relentlessly chased him down, and proceeded to unleash an onslaught.

Subaru: [While that’s happening, I’ll…!]

While Weitz and Hiain were somehow managing, Subaru ran alongside the wall of the gladiatorial arena. What lay ahead of his gaze was a small handle installed in the wall―― something akin to a lever.

At first glance, his eyes had been drawn to the two swords, one large and one small, lodged in the ground of the gladiatorial arena, but upon closer inspection, he noticed that a lever of sorts had been inconspicuously installed on the wall.

Subaru: [If I pull this, what’ll happen!?]

The lever was a little too high for the child Subaru, so he jumped up and pulled down the handle. Putting his weight on it, he forcibly lowered the lever, and a heavy sound reverberated.

Gears were interlocking, and the sensation of something beginning to rattle and move sent a tremor from under his feet. It was the sensation of something mechanical being put into operation directly beneath the gladiatorial arena.

With this, the situation had changed, and Subaru looked back at the circumstances of the gladiatorial arena,

Subaru: [U-uwaaah――!]

The next moment, making a sound as it split the gladiatorial arena in two, an iron fence rose from the ground.

It was a wall that had been raised to divide the circular gladiatorial arena into two semicircles; if utilized properly, it was possible to force the lion into the other side.

However――,

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!]

This time, he had failed, he had corralled it on the wrong side.

The lion was on his side of the raised fence, so the fence only narrowed Subaru’s room to escape. With its hunting ground having become smaller, it felt as if the lion’s body had doubled in size, and the remains of what used to be Hiain were caught in its blood-stained mouth.

Rust-Haired Man: [GUAAAHK!]

Furthermore, at the lion’s feet was the rust-haired man, crying out in pain as he laid down.

It seemed that he had been right above the fence when it was raised. Because of that, he had been sent flying, and in a stroke of bad luck, had fallen on the side where the lion and Subaru were.

In contrast, an uninjured Weitz was dumbfounded on the other side of the fence.

Rust-Haired Man: [S-sto…!]

Raising its paw overhead, it then trampled on the rust-haired man collapsed on the ground, mercilessly fracturing his head.

A sound similar to that of ice being smashed rang out, and the rust-haired man’s screams were cut off there. The lion, unable to climb over the fence behind it, turned its gaze towards Subaru.

The way it stooped down ever-so-slightly made his skin crawl as it charged at him.

The sword was on the other side of the fence with Weitz, but it seemed that if the attack were unable to reach it, the lion would not consider it as dangerous.

That was why, it then ferociously charged at Subaru.

Weitz: [Schwartz!!]

Weitz called out. At these critical moments, Weitz called Subaru’s name every time.

Of course, only when he did not die before Subaru.

While also keeping that at the back of his memories――,

Subaru: [――Next!]

As he howled that out, the Gladiator Beast’s sharp claws pierced Subaru’s chest.

In less than a second, together with the impact that felt like being struck by lightning, Subaru’s body was split in twain, and his consciousness went white――.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Idra! The fence won’t hold any longer! How’s the sword over there?]

Idra: [I can’t pull it out! It’s too heavy! There’s no way I can move it!]

Suffering the powerful ramming attacks, the iron fence was being tremendously warped, and the lion was thrusting its body over to their side.

He had heard that even humans would be able to pass through most narrow spaces, provided their heads could pass through. Even though its form was considerably different, given the Gladiator Beast’s face gave off the feeling of a feline’s, it was probably able to get through even more easily.

Behind Subaru, who was gnawing his molars in alarm, the rust-haired man―― Idra, was desperately trying to pull out the large sword lodged in the ground, but it would not budge an inch.

The lever to raise the fence, and the two swords of large and small. What he had found after thoroughly searching, were just those two types of gimmicks. The rest would be a genuine contest of ability.

Idra: [Boy! What should we do!?]

Subaru: [Don’t be frightened! You’re the heir of your noble father, aren’t you!?]

Idra: [――Hk, t-that’s right! I’m… not going to chicken out!]

Panic ran through Idra’s voice, but Subaru’s words brought strength back into his eyes.

Idra was no warrior, nothing of the sort. He had drifted onto the Gladiator Island like this because he had become unable to repay his debts and was thus reduced to the status of a slave.

But, the reason behind his debt, was that he had taken it on to protect the family business he had inherited from his father.

Even though Idra was not a warrior, he wished not to be a man who would bring shame to his father; those were the true feelings on his mind.

Idra: [RAHHHHHHHH!!]

The untalented son of a miller, applying his weight, leaned to uproot the large sword. Subaru too, rushed to Idra’s side, and applied his weight to the large sword in a similar way.

The lion was coming at them from the other side of the fence, and behind it lay the corpses of Weitz and Hiain, both of whom had already been killed.

Now, there was hardly a chance of anything like winning. ――Even so, Idra did not abandon Subaru and run away. This, was the first occurrence of that.

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!!]

Subaru: [Idra, it’s coming!]

Idra: [I know!]

There was a violent sound of the iron fence creaking, followed by the lion finally coming over to their side.

Even if the broken fence had wounded the lion’s skin covered in black fur, it did not display the least bit of pain. Rather, blaming the pain on them, its motivation ignited as it charged at them.

Idra: [Ughk…!!]

Idra had somehow managed to get the tip of the large sword out of the ground, and through sheer force carried it on his shoulder. Subaru put his hands on the tip of the sword from below, and used the principle of leverage to help Idra to try and swing the sword, even if only a bit.

If Subaru pushed up the tip of the sword from below, the sword should be a little lighter to swing.

If that sword were to score a decent hit on the lion――,

Subaru: [GOOOOOO――!!]

Idra: [RAHHHHHH――!!!!]

Subaru and Idra joined forces to swing the sword at the lion’s face as it lunged at them.

The large sword, swung with the force of a shoulder throw above Idra’s shoulder, aimed true at the lion’s head with miraculous timing.

But――,

Idra: [――Oh.]

The obvious strike was repelled by the Gladiator Beast’s claws without a hitch, and Subaru and Idra were hit with the force of that ramming attack, blown away simultaneously.

Then, the two struggled midair as they slammed into the walls of the gladiatorial arena together, becoming one.

Idra: [Buh.]

Indistinguishable from each other, the blood from the two was spread out and stained the walls――.

Subaru: […Ne… xt.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Anger, anger simmered up in Subaru, scorching his soul.

Weitz: [I was desperate for food, so I stole… If I let ’em think I was a dangerous person, surprisingly, I could avoid deadly situations.]

Weitz said this as he stroked his skin, which was so filled with tattoos that there was no spot left uncovered.

It seemed like he was apologizing for giving a false impression, but Subaru thought it was proof that Weitz had opened up to him in his final moments.

Hiain: [Y’all are gonna use me as bait to escape as well anyway! I’m… I’m not gonna be used anymore! Like hell I’m gonna be used!]

While abjectly avoiding eye contact, Hiain had said this as if wailing.

He had the ability to run and hide by changing the color of his scales, seemingly well-known among his own people. He had stated that he had always been given the most dangerous roles, and in the end, he willfully became the decoy and was made into a slave.

That timidity had been instilled in him by his surroundings. Hiain was not at fault.

Idra: [People I trusted deceived me, stole my family’s business away from me, and in the end, I became a slave. If living honestly only makes me look like a fool, at least I’ll be the last one standing…!]

Biting his lip in frustration and embarrassment, Idra sobbed those words out.

Unaccustomed to telling lies, he was unable to stick to them to the very end. In the first place, ever since he was brought to the Gladiator Island, he had been introducing himself as a warrior; that had been a lie, not much thought put into the consequences.

It would be exposed later, anyway. Sure enough, Subaru found out right away. Though it was the result of having cheated.

――Cooperating with a coward, a scaredy-cat, and a fraud, he would survive this Sparka.

Subaru: [Next…!] / [Next time!] / [Next!!] / [Next time for sure!] / [I’ll do it next… Hk!] / [Next is…!] / [I can do it next…!] / [Next!] / [Next is…] / [――Definitely next] / [Neeext――!!]

The contradiction of accumulating Deaths in order to survive amassed more and more.

It hurts, it’s difficult, it’s scary, it’s tough, I want to stop, I want to cry, I want to shout, I want to howl, I want to grieve, I want to scream, I want to resign, I want to refuse, I want to lament, I want to give up, I won’t give up.

He was nipping off the possibilities.

Out of those endless possibilities, crushing the paths which lead to dead ends, crushing them, crushing them crushing them crushing them.

He would twist his small body into that path unknown, laying ahead of the ones he was crushing.

Weitz, Hiain, Idra would die.

Of course, Subaru would die just as many times, and yet he raised his head still, and proceed forward.

Cecilus: [Basu, is there anything you want me to tell your sleeping companion?]

Subaru: [――Next!!]

Natsuki Subaru yelled back at the inconsiderate voice, and though his entire body was bathed in Death from the assailing claws, Natsuki Subaru still refused to desist.

Because, because, because――,

Subaru: [I won’t lose.]

――Because he did not feel like losing in the slightest.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Oh? Just now, were ya hesitatin’ ta say somethin’? Jeez, you’re a clever fella, aren’t’cha?]

???: [Oh that, I told’cha ’bout the guy who was troublesome even when he got shrunk, didn’t I? Even if the mind shrinks, the effect’ll only be half as powerful on whose resolve was unchanged from before. Of course, guys like that’ll also get their body shrunk, so they’ll also become seriously easier ta kill, ya know.]

???: [――Altho’, let’s imagine here. Supposin’ there was a guy whose body and mind were instead both perfect since they were little, what do ya think’d happen if ya were ta apply this technique onta that guy?]

???: [Ahh, I know, I know. I also don’t think there’s a guy like that in the slightest, ya see. But ya know, I’m an incredibly pessimistic ol’ man. I’ve always imagined the worst, so I can harass my opponents in the worst possible ways. Right?]

???: [That’s what I think’s the worst possible scenario against this technique. When the guy gets more dangerous when shrunk, that’s really darn frightenin’.]

???: [It isn’t limited ta just me, but gettin’ older means ya gotta give things up and compromise, ya see. What if those things were ta disappear from a guy like that?]

???: [――Scary as can be, right?]

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Next!]

――That outcome, it was way too ironic.

The Vicious Old Man Olbart Dunkelkenn’s technique, and the harm of the “infantilization” it brought about, had transformed Natsuki Subaru’s body into that of a child, regressed what little intelligence he already possessed.

Gradually losing both his knowledge and memories, Subaru was reshaped into a weak and frail young boy.

Taking away threats both physical and mental, was the purpose of that technique.

For the shinobi, who would utilize all means possible to accomplish their objective, it could be said that secret art was a rather fitting secret technique.

The truth was, as his memories faded as if flaking away from him, the faces of those important to Subaru grew distant.

Thus, befitting of Natsuki Subaru’s outward appearance, he had returned to being a young child of around ten years old.

Around ten years old―― before, to the times Natsuki Subaru had been a child prodigy.

Subaru: [Next!]

Before, Natsuki Subaru had been a child prodigy.

Actually, that he was an existence overflowing with talent to the point of being called a child prodigy, was not that important. The important thing was, it was none other than Subaru himself who possessed that level of self-esteem.

As a young child, Natsuki Subaru had been overflowing with confidence, and held no doubt in his belief that he could accomplish anything.

Drawing in the children around him, his belief that he could reach that starry sky was unceasing.

Subaru: [Next!]

In accordance with his growth, his self-esteem wore down in the face of reality, and ended up being lost altogether.

His number one truth had been erased in spite of whatever he would do, and what remained in Subaru’s possession were not feelings of almightiness, but rather feelings of uneasiness and powerlessness. Those shining stars were concealed by an overcast sky.

Together with the growth of his stature, Natsuki Subaru had lost his confidence.

Subaru: [Next!]

The moment in which Subaru‘s self-esteem reached its lowest, that had definitely been the day he was sent to another world.

After that, his encounters, his experiences, his conversations, and his actions, gradually wrapped Natsuki Subaru with new desires, and had also led him to the assessment that his own perseverance was not a bad thing.

And yet, he was still insufficient, his heart still lamented so.

Subaru: [Next!]

The things that Natsuki Subaru had gained through growth, the things he had lost with growth, had all vanished.

Together with their body turning younger, people would also regress mentally, so the person was supposed to become weaker. Physically, that was the case for Subaru. He had become weak. ――However, what about mentally?

Subaru: [Next!]

Before, Natsuki Subaru had been a child prodigy.

Never knowing defeat, never knowing how to give up even when his dreams did not come true, even when he did his best but could not reach, even when he mourned his own inadequacy, even when he lamented a dead end, even when he sulkily withdrew, he had never known those.

From just being insensitive, to being flat out reckless, he firmly believed he could accomplish anything.

He recklessly believed he was the ruler at the center of the world, that was the kind of boy he had been.

Then, the magic words that sustained Natsuki Subaru’s sense of self――,

???: [――He’s that guy’s child, after all.]

The unlimited power pouring from those words freed the heart of the young Natsuki Subaru from its shackles.

More than it was scary, it was revolting. More than it was painful, it was vexing. More than he wanted to cry, he wanted to smile.

In a country he hated, joining forces with comrades he had little emotional attachment to, in order to return to the place where the girl he liked and his friends should be waiting for him, just what point was there in hesitating?

Therefore, this time, because he had been summoned to another world――,

Subaru: [――Next!]

――As the strongest existence, Natsuki Subaru would trample upon Ginunhive.

△▼△▼△▼△

Everyone: [――――]

Everyone was left speechless.

From the get-go, the gladiators had been under strict orders from the Island’s Governor, Gustav Morello, to witness the battle of Sparka quietly.

That was why, it could be said that it was inevitable that some sort of odd silence would envelop the gladiatorial arena.

However, this time the silence and stillness were not simply because Gustav had proclaimed it.

Even if Gustav had not given those instructions, no one would have been able to say anything. That bloodcurdling scene had overwhelmed them to such an extent.

Subaru: [Weitz! Idra! Scatter to the left and right! Hiain, I know you’re scared, but don’t run! Pick up the sword, draw its attention, then throw it!]

Ferociously roaring, the Guiltilaw, the Gladiator Beast, fiercely leapt around the gladiatorial arena.

The beast had been trained for use in Sparka, its horns broken off, now lost of its bestial obstinacy; in its place, the level of threat the humans known as gladiators posed had been thoroughly drilled into it.

That was why, it took the initiative to target opponents with weapons and eliminate them, since they were dangerous existences.

Only, since it had the bad habit of relentlessly following this devotion, one could imagine that the members of a Unit would be able to scatter its attention by passing the weapon between each other.

Although, it was not uncommon for Units to fail to recognize this at first sight, and consequently suffer total annihilation.

It could be said that once someone was able to recognize this, a certain level of excellence was guaranteed.

But even so, the scene this time was extraordinary.

???: [Hahaha! Amazing, amazing! You’re really doing your best, aren’t you, Basu!]

Among everyone who had lost their voice, welcoming the sight before him with a warm reception was only one boy, clapping his hands.

His long blue hair tied behind his head, he was a person whose charming face was adorned with a smile. Apparently showing indifference to Gustav’s commands, the boy cheered on the Unit fighting bravely in the gladiatorial arena.

Whether that cheering had any effect was unclear, but while dodging the Gladiator Beast’s onslaught by a hair’s breadth, the four men challenging the Sparka continued to fight desperately.

With no decisive blows, the progress of the deathmatch was, to a certain extent, boring.

However, one point was that even if it seemed like they were going to die, they would not forfeit their lives, and the other point was they were being supported by the continuous voice of the young boy; these two points made it unthinkable that the deathmatch was boring.

Following the boy’s directions, the three men that continued to move too were desperate.

That was only natural, but they had the freedom to ignore the boy’s instructions. However, the boy’s instructions had now saved their lives from the Gladiator Beast many times; hence, that freedom had been closed off.

Like that, with the young boy at their center, it was as if their Unit was a single living being with perfect coordination.

That which had become a solely defensive battle, was it caused by their hopeless gap in fighting power, or perhaps――.

???: [――Just what, are you aiming for?]

In the hearts of all the gladiators overlooking the battle, the same burning anticipation began to dwell.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Anger, anger simmered up in Subaru, scorching his soul.

With deaths piling up, and the pain and fear compounding with it, his arms, legs, and internal organs were all shriveling up. If he shut his eyes, on the back of his eyelids, the face, the fangs, and the inside of the mouth of the lion he had seen up close so many times would come to mind.

Unfathomable fear manifested. Though, while seething, together with it came something. ――Anger.

Those vexing thoughts, invigorating his cowering viscera and limbs, Natsuki Subaru opened his eyes.

Those attempts which he had already gotten sick of counting, were all for the sake of snatching even just one step closer to victory.

That he had not the slightest intention of losing, for the sake of proving that to himself.

Subaru: [Hiain! Throw the sword to Weitz, then head to Idra!]

Hiain: [Shit! I ain’t got a clue on what’s happenin’!]

Furiously running on all fours over the ground, Hiain tossed the sword he was holding over to Weitz. Like that, he accelerated as to come to Idra’s side by the large sword.

Weitz narrowly caught the sword whirling around and spinning in the air, and as Subaru tried to direct their next course of escape, his eyes widened in astonishment.

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!]

The roaring lion, having chased the fleeing Hiain until just a moment ago, had its legs halted at the other half of the circular gladiatorial arena.

Meanwhile, rather than being positioned in the other half of the circle, they were all right before him.

Everyone was still alive, and on top of that, this was the first time they had gotten to such an ideal position.

Subaru: [Weitz, get ready! Idra and Hiain too!]

With vigor akin to blood hurling out of his throat, Subaru cast roles at the three of them.

Though that may not have been enough to get everything across, Weitz readied his sword and faced the lion, and Idra and Hiain hurriedly jumped to the large sword.

Then Subaru, too, clumsily ran with all his might, heading towards the wall.

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!!]

One step, two steps; during his frustratingly slow-feeling speed, the lion howled from behind them.

And with that, the lion kicked off the ground with an explosion-like force and charged toward Weitz, who had his sword at the ready.

Straight at him, with no pause, Weitz was holding his sword at the ready, but if he were to collide with that force, nothing would be able to stop it. One hit and he would die. He was well-aware of this.

However, it was certain that only Weitz possessed the courage to square off against the lion until the very last moment.

Weitz: [Uu, RAHHHHH――!!]

The foul-reeking mouth letting breaths escape, the mouth embellished with sword-like fangs, the mouth that had masticated Subaru and the other three countless times, was charging right at the one brandishing a sword, Weitz.

And right before it could dispossess Weitz of his life――,

Subaru: [――GOOO!!]

The moment his fingertips were on it, Subaru used the entirety of his minute body weight to pull down the lever.

Immediately after, the sound of gears turning came from beneath their feet, and the iron fence that thrust upwards struck the lion’s head from directly below. Crashing into its jaw, the lion’s gaping mouth was forcibly shut.

The force of its charge slamming into the iron fence, Weitz, who had drawn the enemy until the very last second, with a “Woah!?” exclaimed his surprise at the shockwave and was blown away.

The iron fence was squashed by the impact, and the lion’s head emerged from the bent part of the fence. The lion, which had received a severe blow to the face, scraped the ground with its front paws, and after having stood back up somehow, seemed to be trying to break through the fence.

――But, it would not be permitted to do that.

Subaru: [Idra! Hiain!]

Hiain: [Uu, UAHHHHHH――!]

Idra: [RAHHHHHH!!]

In Weitz’s stead, who had just been blown away, Idra and Hiain rushed over to the iron fence. Clasped in the hands of the two, was a very unwieldy large sword.

It was a weapon that not a single one of them could utilize properly, however, there was no rule that they must use it alone.

There was also no rule that they could not use two people to lift it up and swing it down on an opponent  unable to move.

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!]

With all their might, the large sword swung by the two men fell from directly overhead onto the lion’s neck, which was protruding from the iron fence. As the large sword pierced the beast’s thick neck, the lion’s shrieks echoed into the sky.

Blood spurted out, and as if rejecting death, the lion violently struggled.

Hiain: [Die, diediedieDIEEEEEEEEEE!!]

Idra: [Please let it end――!!]

Hiain and Idra applied their weight onto the large sword as they bawled, and the blade was buried deeper in its neck. If they continued and beheaded the lion, the moment of their long-awaited victory would come.

Over and over again, those claws and fangs had killed them and killed them and killed them――.

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!]

Hiain: [Gah!?]

Subaru: [Guys!?]

They had been just one step away, however, just like them, the lion did not want to die.

With the large sword lodged in its neck, the lion forcefully twisted its body and pulled his right paw to their side of the fence. That paw swept away the bodies of the two men grasping the large sword.

He was able to witness Hiain and Idra violently tumbling along the ground, raising cries of pain.

There was no telling just how deep the wounds that they had sustained were.

However, more so than rushing over to the two who had collapsed, jumping to that large sword was important.

Subaru: [As if I’d let you go!]

Not wanting to let it get away after coming this far, Subaru jumped to the hilt of the large sword. But he was too light. Taking the place of both Hiain and Idra’s body weight, the current Subaru was far too light.

The large sword dug a little deeper, but as if returning the favor, a paw swung back at him.

Just like the two before him, Subaru was also struck by its paw――,

Weitz: [Don’t think… I’ll just let’cha, ya beast… Hk!]

Its front paw was skewered to the ground by the downward swing of a sword.

The one who had thrust the sword was the one who had supposedly been blown away by the charge, Weitz. With all of his might, teeth clenched and facial tattoos distorted, he had used the sword to pin the lion’s paw.

And then――,

Idra: [Lying down here, just how can I call myself a warrior!]

Hiain: [Just die already, you shithead!]

Having gotten back up, Hiain and Idra leapt onto the large sword Subaru was dangling from.

With the strength of three―― or rather, of two and a half men, the large sword bore deeper into the lion’s neck. With Weitz also keeping the front paw firmly pinned down, the four members of the Unit joined forces to lop off the lion’s head.

Howling, the lion greatly writhed in pain, and the iron fence violently creaked.

No more chances would come around. He could not lose, he did not want to lose, he must not lose, gritting his teeth, Subaru desperately clung to the large sword.

And yet――,

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!]

Subaru: [UAHHHH――hk!!]

Shaking its head with all its strength, the lion’s huge body swept Subaru and his comrades away.

Tearing away the bodies clinging to the large sword, the three of them―― No, including Weitz, all four of them sluggishly tumbled to the ground.

Due to quite literally exhausting his desperate efforts, he had no strength left in his limbs.

Subaru: [I-I have to get…]

He had to get up, he had to jump to that large sword once again and lop off its head.

Despite these thoughts, his body did not listen to what he was saying. It seemed that not only Subaru, but the other three were also in the same situation.

Even after all this, the lion was still the most vigorous of them.

Gladiator Beast: [――――AROOOO!]

With the sword lodged about halfway into its neck, the lion groaned in a low voice.

Rather than weak, it was a voice that sounded like its stockpiled rage had reached its limit. Of course, it probably had bore effect, but its strength had not been depleted.

Subaru: [Darn it… Hk.]

Even after trying, and trying and trying, and finally being just one step away from reaching it.

Still, he could not reach it. Even though he had utilized everything he could think of, and reached this far.

That is why, next time, I won’t lose.

Subaru: [Next, time…]

He would definitely arrive at this same place and scene more quickly, Subaru firmly vowed so.

Oblivious to his vow, the lion slipped through the iron fence, raising its unharmed paw towards Subaru, and――,

???: [――Excuse me.]

The next moment, the lion’s thick neck was chopped in one swift motion.

Subaru: [Huh?]

Facing death, Subaru stared in wonder at the death of not him, but his opponent.

Its decapitated head falling to the ground with a thud, the lion’s body slowly fell sideways. The one responsible for that was the large sword that had been deeply lodged in the lion’s neck.

Like a surprise attack, a small figure had fallen from the sky, and, stepping on the large sword, pushed it in.

Thus, the lion had been decapitated.

And, the one to perform that deed was――,

???: […Um, why am I in such a place?]

And the girl―― Tanza, had a visible expression of worry on her usually emotionless face.

At the girl whose kimono had been removed, clad only in hadajuban , Subaru let out a soft breath. [1]

He was unable to respond in any way. However, when Subaru turned his head and looked back, the three others also seemed to have survived by a hair.

In other words――,

Gustav: [――That is enough! You have done well to survive Sparka! By my jurisdiction as the official, I accept you all as members of the Gladiator Island!]

A loud, booming voice resounded from high above, and Gustav’s declaration marked the end of the fight.

Immediately, having quietly watched over the battle until now, the spectators―― no, the gladiators stood up and, all at once, in praise of Subaru and his comrades’ victory, raised their voices.

???: [Well done!]

???: [That was a huge feat!]

???: [Ya sure got it in ya, lil’ one!]

As the voices of the excited men rained down, Gustav crossed his four arms and said nothing.

Hearing the cheers of the crowd, Subaru threw himself to the ground with a thud. Tanza, approaching with trepidation, peeked down at Subaru’s face.

Tanza: [Pardon me, you are…]

Subaru: [Natsuki Schwartz.]

Tanza: [Huh?]

Seeing the round eyes on Tanza’s surprised face become even more rounded as he laid down, Subaru let out a long, long breath, and continued.

Subaru: [First of all, I’m Natsuki Schwartz, so it’s nice to meet you. There’s a lot I wanna talk about, but…]

Tanza: [Yes, but?]

Subaru: […I want you to let me rest, just for a bit.]

He felt bad for Tanza, who tilted her head, but Subaru had reached his limit.

The strained thread of tension was severed, the heat that had been seething in his soul also fizzled out. Of course, his hate for this situation was still left smoldering within him.

Nevertheless, he had somehow managed to survive Sparka.

Subaru: [So please… Let me sleep for a bit.]

With that, as if falling straight down into a pit, Subaru’s consciousness slipped away.

△▼△▼△▼△

Gustav: [――――]

Looking down, Gustav narrowed his eyes at the boy who had lost consciousness while sprawled out on the gladiatorial arena below.

That it was an incredible battle, with an unexpected outcome, that he could say.

He would have never thought that the boy possessed such talents.

???: [Weeell~, that was amazing, wasn’t it, Gustav-san. Picking Basu was bang on the money. It’s great that you kept him instead of throwing him away! Isn’t this a glorious achievement for me?!]

Gustav: […Segmunt.]

As Gustav was lost in his thoughts, Cecilus came over and relaxedly spoke towards him.

At the boy’s words, whose hands were crossed behind his head, Gustav rubbed his forehead and brow with his two right arms,

Gustav: [There was some truth in your proclamation. Is this what you had been anticipating?]

Cecilus: [I had my expectations, you know? I thought it’d be nice if this happened, and it did. It’s exactly the feeling where what you believe in is what saves you!]

Gustav: […Such a frail possibility, and you would stake your own life on that.]

Cecilus: [――? Yes, I did, so what?]

Tilting his head, Cecilus made a puzzled face.

It was an attitude as though he was wondering if he had spoken something strange.

If the two people who he had pulled up―― Schwartz and Tanza, could not be put to use, he would take responsibility for their lives, and pay with his own; he acted as if he had never even asserted that.

Cecilus: [Nothing really happened in the end, did it? It was a very generous offer from my perspective. I’m not the kinda person who’d succumb to idleness in a place like this!]

Gustav: [I, in my capacity, am unable to comprehend your logic. And aside from that, what did you do in that final moment?]

Gustav questioned Cecilus, who had puffed up his thin chest in pride while smiling.

In that final moment, in the midst of the Sparka that he had even staked his life on, only once, and only for a short amount of time, had Cecilus disappeared.

Given what happened after that, one could roughly imagine that――,

Gustav: [Did you go to wake the girl?]

Cecilus: [Oh dear, if you know the answer you don’t have to ask me. In the first place, since there are five people per Unit, if that girl didn’t wake up, they’d have to do it while lacking in people, it was Gustav-san who said that, you know. That means she could join in anytime after she woke up, right?]

With one eye closed, Cecilus looked up at Gustav, their heights not level, and gave an “Or”,

Cecilus: [Do you want to withdraw that now? Saying that this Sparka is found to be unjust.]

Gustav: [――. It is not unjust. His Excellency the Emperor shall be pleased with the birth of a magnificent gladiator as well.]

Cecilus: [Hahaa, it’s just my opinion, but it sounds like His Excellency the Emperor isn’t a decent person!]

Gustav: [Insults toward His Excellency the Emperor will not be tolerated. There shall be no second time.]

So Gustav commanded in a stern voice, as Cecilus shrugged his shoulders and backed down somewhat. Exhaling through his nose in that state, Gustav looked again at the gladiatorial arena.

Schwartz, the most meritorious, and three men were being carried out by the guards under Gustav’s command. In the healing room, they would receive treatment from a healer.

The young girl, seemingly aloof, also accompanied them for now.

Gustav: [Did everyone in the Unit survive, due to just one person?]

It was a conclusion that could not have been reached without everyone’s help, but it went without saying who had shown the greatest strength.

By not overlooking the weapons and mechanisms the gladiatorial arena had been prepared with, keeping an eye on his comrades in the same circumstances, and even observing the enemy’s movements whenever possible; they had crossed a fine thread.

As someone who had seen that final resolution――,

Cecilus: [You see? Don’t you just get the feeling that a grand tale’s going to begin?]

Like that, Cecilus proudly asked for approval; while keeping his face stern, feeling that answering in any way would be annoying, Gustav silently crossed his four thick arms.

Translation note:

[1] Hadajuban(肌襦袢) is a piece of clothing worn under a Kimono https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kimono#Layering

--- Chapter 65: The School Food Fighter ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch Cult Translations is recruiting! We’re currently looking for machine translators and Japanese to English checkers. If you’re interested in either of these roles, you can leave a reply in the comments below with your contact information, send a DM to @WCTranslations , or contact Ice#6557 on Discord.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [Chaosflame has been destroyed by a big, a very big disaster. The evacuation of the residents should have been completed by Yorna-sama, but as for anything beyond that…]

The ends of her gentle eyebrows lowered; with downcast eyes, the girl’s voice was filled with sadness.

He had always thought of her as a child who did not reveal many emotions; in fact, even now her expression could not quite be called one of sadness. However, he believed that anyone who did not consider this as sadness was an idiot.

Subaru was not very smart, but he did not want to continue being an idiot. Therefore, he decided to seriously accept what she—— what Tanza had said, and sympathize with her pain.

However——,

???: [Hahaaa, a disaster that’d destroy the Demon City’d be quite the big deal, wouldn’t it? While I’m like this, locked up on an island, the world’s going through loads of crazy developments. Goodness, I’ll need to keep this in mind so that I don’t get a late start, it’d be totally uncalled for!]

Subaru: [Ceci, can you shut up for a second?]

Cecilus: [Huh? Did I do something wrong again?]

The personage who completely disregarded Subaru’s inner feelings and Tanza’s heartache as he proceeded to talk, the fake Cecilus, received a stare as he tilted his head to the side, a confused look on his face.

Subaru was amazed and astonished and amazed by that attitude which never changed no matter what, both before and after the Sparka.

This was compounded upon thinking of the dozens of times Cecilus had tried to cold-heartedly listen to Subaru’s final request.

Subaru: […And despite that, it’d all been for nothing had Ceci not woken up Tanza at the end.]

Cecilus: [Ah, there’s no need to feel indebted over that. The moment you cornered it that far, it was Basu’s victory, the final push was something like a bonus. Besides, whether this girl would wake up or not was a gamble!]

Tanza: [I apologize for worrying you.]

The fake Cecilus was immodestly humble to the bitter-looking Subaru. Hearing that, Tanza slightly bowed her head, and beside her, the one she had saved, Subaru, was at a loss for words.

——Subaru had been able to surmount Sparka, the dangerous welcoming ceremony of the Gladiator Island.

After repeating that challenge that now felt distant over and over again, somehow or another, Subaru and his team had attained victory by cutting off the lion’s head. Yet, he was obliged to say that it would have been difficult without the cooperation from Tanza and the fake Cecilus.

Had the fake Cecilus not woken up Tanza at the end, and had Tanza not lopped off the lion’s head with the sword stuck in its neck——,

Subaru: [I don’t know how many more times we would’ve failed.]

Of course, the option to give up did not exist, because that had been a constant struggle that could not be stopped until they were successful. Even so, whether they had the willpower to do so or not, would have greatly influenced the outcome.

And it was quite possible that, if the situation arose, they would not have survived in their entirety.

Had it turned out that way, he would have regretted it forever.

Subaru: [Weitz, Hiain and Idra, we all persevered together.]

Cooperating as one had been extremely difficult, but they would not have survived had even one of them not participated.

The fact that all of them had survived was the best-case scenario for Subaru. It was a great confidence boost for him, to have been able to do something typical of a leader.

With this, he had the confidence to say he was the son of Natsuki Kenichi with pride.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama?]

Subaru: [Oh, sorry, sorry, I got lost in my thoughts for a bit. So well, um, about Chaosflame…]

Tanza: [——. Yes. I wish to get back as soon as possible to help with the reconstruction.]

Subaru: […Yeah, that’s right. I want to get back and reunite with everyone as well.]

Returning to the original topic, with her face downcast, Tanza looked very pitiful.

It was only natural that she would worry about her family and hometown, and Subaru too, held those very feelings. Even more so having heard about the turmoil Chaosflame had gone through without him knowing.

He was worried about whether or not everyone he was separated from―― Louis in particular, had been found by the unkind Abel.

He thought that if Yorna was with her, she would surely protect Louis.

Tanza: [————]

The forlorn Tanza was now back in the kimono outfit that he had seen in the Demon City as well.

Subaru had slept for a whole day after the Sparka was over, according to what he was told. At the time he woke up in the healing room, he was told by a toothless old man who claimed to be a healer that there was nothing wrong with his physical health, but he would feel drained and heavy mentally.

However, he could not afford to calmly be at a loss.

Subaru: [What about the other three… Weitz and the others? Has everyone already woken up?]

Tanza: [As far as those three go, they have already woken up and returned to their room. It seems that they are all sharing a room. Schwartz-sama and I are also sharing a room, as well as…]

Cecilus: [Yes, yes, that’d be me. You see, it’s the room Basu first woke up in, but that’s where our bedroom is going to be. I’m also glad that people that can share a room with me finally came. Well, rather than saying that you came here, it’s more like I pulled you up here by myself!]

Tanza: [Pulled up…?]

Subaru: [Don’t worry about it too much. It’s just a tale of me and Tanza falling in the lake after all.]

Come to think of it, he had a faint memory of swimming frantically and trying not to drown.

Whether he had swam through in just one go or drowned several times was quite vague, but it was not that important, so thinking about it would be futile.

Either way, he was relieved after hearing that the other three were also safe. Although it was unavoidable, he had learned a lot about their various circumstances in the midst of the Sparka event.

A coward, a scaredy-cat and a fraud. Though not very commendable personalities, they too had their reasons for being cowardly, timid, and fraudulent.

Subaru: [Yes, it’s just like I’m Superman , eh?]

Cecilus: [Oh my, your face sure is overflowing with an abundance of confidence. I think it even raises your level of manliness and gives it a pleasant feeling. To be so swept up in the situation that you worry about this and that, that’s the behavior of a minor actor or a member of the masses! Basu needs to stand tall!]

Subaru: [I don’t plan on going along with Ceci’s drama-geek mind, but I think so too.]

In the first place, it was not good to dwell on things too much.

Though for some reason, Subaru up to now had been far too passive regarding many things.

No matter what, taking a passive response would just cause the opponent to get overconfident. Whether it be a hated opponent, or fate itself, it was the same. And recently, fate had been getting a little too cocky.

Subaru: [From now on, I’ll be more proactive in moving towards achieving my goals with avarice.]

For now, Subaru’s goal was to escape the island.

Escape the Gladiator Island, and return to Chaosflame together with Tanza. Of course, the ultimate goal was to leave the Empire and return to everyone in the Kingdom, however——,

Subaru: [You’ll fall if you’re preoccupied with big goals, after all. Even for summer homework, you’ve got to finish them one at a time. You can’t write a whole diary all at once.]

Despite what he seemed, Subaru was the type of person who did his homework diligently during summer and winter vacations.

Sometimes there were classmates who would come to school after the vacations without having done their homework, but he never fully understood the nerve they had, nor what they were thinking in pulling that off.

Though somehow, feeling like he had lost in terms of the idea and courage was a bit frustrating.

Subaru: [But I did the homework, so I’m the superior one…]

Tanza: [——Then, Schwartz-sama, may I have a moment?]

Subaru: [Yeah?]

Tanza timidly called out to Subaru, who had placed his hand on his chin, watering himself with self-esteem.

Directing Subaru’s gaze to herself, she indicated the fake Cecilus beside her with her hand. And, sitting on the bed, watching as he dangled his legs with a carefree look on his face,

Tanza: [This one here is an ally, but… Um, Cecilus Segmunt-sama is…]

Subaru: [Hmm, yeah, he’s a boy-who-cried-wolf, he keeps insisting on that.]

Cecilus: [A-ha-ha, they do say I am insistent, y’know! And what do you mean by boy-who-cried-wolf ? If it means I’m a werewolf, could you please stop with that bad-mouthing? Sure, I may say some incomprehensible things, but it’s only enough to make me dangerously attractive, right?] [1]

Subaru: [Sorry, I’ve got no idea what you’re talking about.]

Showered by questions, Subaru spontaneously let that slip, and clutched his own chest.

When he closed his eyes, he could recall the face of a lovely young girl, and along with that, the faces of everyone who was precious to him. Still, he was certainly aware that the drawer of those recollections was becoming harder to pull out.

This situation could not be allowed to continue for much longer.

Subaru: [Aside from Ceci’s flippant comments, what has gotten you so worried, Tanza? A General of the Empire and a celebrity, is it any wonder that there might be a kid with the nerve to pose as him?]

Tanza: [That may be so, but… Well, I saw Cecilus-sama once before, and I was thinking he looked a lot like him…]

Subaru: [You’ve seen him before? Ceci?]

Tanza: [I have seen Cecilus Segmunt-sama. He was once sent in to assassinate Yorna-sama.]

Tanza explained that she had only seen the real Cecilus.

Hearing this recollection, Subaru also remembered the story he had heard before. As he recalled it, Yorna would every-so-often raise a rebellion against the Emperor, and so time and time again a suppression force would be sent in.

However, now that he knew about Yorna’s personality, from Subaru’s perspective, that became quite an unexpected impression.

Subaru: [To try to kill Yorna-san, he must’ve been a really terrible guy…]

Tanza: [That is correct. Cecilus-sama is an atrocious fiend… No, that is not what is important; I am just curious about the fact that, although this Cecilus-sama here and that Cecilus-sama have an age difference, they are like two peas in a pod.]

Subaru: [Exactly alike, just with an age difference?]

Tanza: [Yes. ——Perhaps he is a sibling of Cecilus-sama.]

Hearing what Tanza, who had seen both Ceciluses, spoke of that Cecilus and this fake Cecilus, Subaru fixedly stared at the latter.

He had not considered that possibility. Or rather, it was natural that he had not considered it. Subaru did not know the real Cecilus, so he could not judge whether they were similar or not.

However, it was fortunate that he had a partner who knew the real one. Giving up, the lying fake Cecilus submissively admitted to the lies he himself had told——,

Cecilus: [Nono, that’s not correct. I’m an only child, so I don’t have a sibling that looks exactly like me! Of course, it’s possible that my dad made me a younger brother after we separated, but if we’re going by the current flow of the conversation, then he’d be my older brother, wouldn’t he?]

Subaru: [That’s right, but you don’t know when to give up, do you…]

Cecilus: [How very upsetting! But there’s a basis for it, y’know! My basis is that both of those, having an older brother or a younger brother, would be odd.]

He crossed his arms and leaned back as Subaru and Tanza fixedly stared at him. The basis for the fake Cecilus’s offended face, just how persuasive could it be?

For now, in response to Subaru and Tanza, who were eager to listen, prompting him with their eyes,

Cecilus: [The basis is simple. My existence.]

Subaru: [What do you mean?]

Cecilus: [If I had an older brother, then my dad would’ve gotten him killed when he had me! And if I had a younger brother, then it’d be strange if my father hadn’t gotten me killed! In other words, considering I’m alive, there’s no way that an older or younger brother of mine could exist! How’s that?]

Subaru: […What do you mean?]

It was a theory that did not make sense to him at all, even though he said it with vigor as though it was self-evident.

By his description, it sounded like the fake Cecilus’s father was under some kind of curse to not have more than one child. Whether that was true or false, he felt like a guy who would rather abide by the curse.

As for Subaru, he would like to think that the liar fake Cecilus had piled more lies upon lies.

However——,

Subaru: [With him being so brazen about it until now, I’m starting to feel like it’s true. What do you think, Tanza?]

Tanza: […I would… like to be in accordance with Schwartz-sama’s notion.]

Subaru: [Hmm, that’s a serious responsibility.]

Being relied upon by the reserved Tanza, Subaru put a slender finger to his small chin and pondered.

The fake Cecilus tilted his head as if wondering why they were unable understand him; and yet even if they were to ask him about his family environment, it seemed that no answer would be obtained.

The only thing that mattered here was whether they believed the fake Cecilus or not.

If they did not believe him, it would be the same as it had been thus far; they would just treat the fake Cecilus as a mere boy-who-cried-wolf.

But if they were to believe the fake Cecilus in that he had no siblings, that only left Tanza’s testimony on how very much alike the fake Cecilus and the real Cecilus she spoke of were.

And if he were to fully believe her testimony and the fake Cecilus’s own awareness——,

Subaru: [I’m afraid to ask this, Ceci, but perhaps your body has been shrunk?]

It was a prospect he wished to deny if possible, but it was a prospect he could not afford to ignore.

If it had been a pre-shrunken, grown-up Subaru that was here, he might have hesitated to ask so many questions after having put on airs. However, since the Subaru here was a post-shrunken, underdeveloped Subaru, harboring doubts for a long time did not suit him.

Sometimes he would carelessly ask questions with the intention of apologizing were he to offend them by asking.

At that specific question, the fake Cecilus slightly widened his eyes in surprise,

Cecilus: [Are you saying I’ve shrunken? A-ha-ha, you sure say some interesting things, Basu! If there was such an interesting thing as the human body shrinking, wouldn’t that be super fun!?]

Laughing hysterically, the fake Cecilus pat Subaru on the shoulder in a good mood as he spoke those words.

Subaru was very much lost in his remarks as he frowned.

Subaru: [Just, what is it then…?]

Was he playing dumb or not? And if he was playing dumb, was he doing it consciously or unconsciously?

Subaru himself felt that his memories were falling out in large drops due to effects of the infantilization, so it was possible that the fake Cecilus had forgotten all sorts of things for that very reason.

But when compared to Subaru, who still remembered many things, the fake Cecilus had even forgotten that he had been shrunken.

Was such a thing even possible?

If the fake Cecilus had been infantilized the same way Subaru had, was this fake Cecilus’s state of mind how Subaru would end up?

Subaru: [T-that shitty old man… ! I mean, did Ceci also get smaller because of Olbart-san…!?]

If that were the case, then that would be a major incident—— it would become a major incident among the Nine Divine Generals.

The fact that this was also the work of Olbart was a situation that he did not want to think about. But then again, he also did not want to think that anyone other than Olbart was capable of utilizing such an absurd technique.

Naturally, he was tempted to think that Olbart was also the one who had shrunken this fake Cecilus.

Subaru: [Wait wait, in other words, Ceci isn’t a fake, but the real deal, so Olbart-san was the one who made the real Ceci smaller, and Ceci’s, like, the ruins of what I’ll become in the end?]

Tanza: [S-Schwartz-sama, are you alright? You seem to be quite confused…]

Subaru: […I’m fine. I’m incredibly confused, but it’s all coming together incredibly nicely.]

The situation was narrowed down to approximately two possibilities in Subaru’s mind, although hearing only the thoughts that leaked out of his mouth would sound rather disorganized.

One was that the fake Cecilus was an infantilized version of the real Cecilus Segmunt, dubbed “The Shitty Old Man Olbart” theory.

And the other was that, taking advantage of resembling the real Cecilus, he was true to his nature as a boy-who-cried-wolf and sublimated a lie, dubbed “The Shitty Brat Fake Cecilus” theory.

Subaru: [The shitty brat one and the shitty old man one, let’s keep both of them in the back of our minds as we strategize.]

Cecilus: [Hoho, that sounds somewhat interesting. May I ask you to tell me more about it?]

Subaru: [No dice. I don’t think it’d make sense to talk to you about it, Ceci.]

Cecilus: [A-ha-ha! What a cold attitude! That’s a rather self-centered thought, but I don’t dislike that way of going about things, rather, I quite like it.]

Rather than being angry at the cruelty, the fake Cecilus—— provisionally, but still the fake Cecilus, that reaction of his was helpful in many ways.

There were already so many things to worry about, so it was valuable to have someone that he did not have to worry about.

Subaru: [For the time being, Tanza, you should also shelve everything about Ceci. Because whether he’s real or fake, the fact that he’s unreliable won’t change.]

Tanza: […Yes, that is correct. Since he is the one who tried to cause harm to Yorna-sama, I personally hold no favorable impressions towards him.]

Subaru: [Thank you for being straightforward and honest. Now…]

Having thus reached some sort of conclusion, Subaru switched gears.

Now that they were awake, they were also done occupying the beds in the healing room. They would be heading to the room Tanza had been talking about earlier, the room that had been assigned to these three.

But, before that——,

Subaru: [I’d like to feed my very empty stomach. You see, my stomach’s been whining miserably for a while now.]

So, rubbing his belly, Subaru made a shameless demand of the island he was imprisoned on.

△▼△▼△▼△

――There was a saying that went, “You can’t fight a war on an empty stomach”.

Beyond this point, the obstacles which Subaru and his Unit would face would all be in the vein of battles. In order to fight them, Subaru’s group must be in perfect physical and mental condition, otherwise, in case they were unable to act when push comes to shove, they would be in trouble.

To operate without sparing time for sleep, one should avoid making such a decision so rashly.

Subaru: [Seems to me that before I shrank, since I had more physical strength than I do now, I used to do those kinds of rash things often. I’ll likely get my due desserts if I misunderstand that.]

Such being the case, they wanted to treasure all the eating and sleeping time they could get.

Somehow, it seemed that due to fatigue from the Sparka, he had slept for a whole day; he accepted that as a sufficient rest, and now intended to find a chance to regain his physical strength.

Hence, now that it was time to eat, the fake Cecilus guided them to where they would receive their meals――,

???: […Eat, Schwartz, yer share’s this.]

With a thud, a large platter was placed before his eyes, and Subaru stared in wonder at the sight of the meat on the bone served on that platter.

When Subaru looked up to see what was going on, the brows on the man’s tattoo-riddled face scrunched as if to say “What?”. Though he was making that face, Subaru was actually the one who wanted to say “What?”.

What exactly was he supposed to do when something of this sort was done to him without any explanation?

???: [Weitz, say what you like, but I don’t think that’s going to happen. Look, Schwartz is frozen stiff.]

???: [Ha, are ya tryna say that we ain’t got anythin’ to worry about, huh? To begin with, there’s no need to pile up a mountain of meat for this midget. We’ll split it between us… Owww!]

Weitz: [It’s the portion we’d discussed and settled on for him… And if yer gonna ignore that, why don’t’cha try and convince me…]

As he said this, the tattooed man prodded the lizardman on his side with the fork in his hand. Screaming, the lizardman fled to the other side of the table.

Sighing at that sight, the rust-haired man looked at Subaru with a shrug of his shoulders.

???: [Sorry for all the racket, Schwartz. How’s your body?]

Subaru: […It feels okay. Same there?]

???: [We’re not badly hurt either. Thanks to… you.]

After rephrasing this, the rust-haired man―― Idra, bowed his head slightly toward Subaru.

It was not just Idra. The squabbling tattooed man and lizardman, Weitz and Hiain, raising their hands in surrender, both agreed with Idra by nodding their heads in Subaru’s direction.

Currently, Subaru was in a corner of one of the island’s areas that were open to gladiators, a large hall with tables and chairs, generally used as a dining space.

As soon as he appeared in the hall, Subaru had been immediately grabbed by three people who had come into his sight, and was suddenly brought to one of the tables, being presented with the platter in front of him.

Frankly, it was a dizzying, bizarre situation, and yet,

Subaru: [By any chance, did you save this for me?]

Hiain: [Ahh? What else could it be? Ungrateful brat… Owww!]

Weitz: [Don’t say that like yer taking credit for it, I’ll beat’cha up…]

Hiain: [I didn’t say that, and I’m grateful for what you did, damn it!]

Pointing to the pile of meat on the bone, Subaru had asked a question, resulting in the ensuing altercation.

This could not be called a very smart way to show it, but it seemed to be a sign of appreciation. For a feast like this to be served, Subaru became quite unsure about the way the gladiators were treated.

Subaru: [It’s like, even though you make them kill each other, you let them have their fill of food…?]

???: [Technically, it’s not killing each other, it’s a deathmatch, y’know. Also, Gustav-san’s policy is that should a gladiator die, it should only happen in the gladiatorial arena. Letting them die anywhere other than there’d only prove the incompetence of the management. So you can relax and enjoy your time here.]

Next to Subaru, who tilted his head, sat the fake Cecilus, who had pulled out a chair with great enthusiasm.

Subaru thought he would reach for his plate, given his brazenness, but surprisingly, he did not. Instead, he filled a chipped cup from a jug and took a sip of water.

Tanza: [Everyone believes that Schwartz-sama has done service of utmost greatness. Therefore, we have decided to prepare a treat.]

Subaru: [Tanza… Everyone, is that right?]

Tanza sat in the chair opposite the fake Cecilus, with Subaru in between. While in surprise at Tanza’s words, Subaru looked at the group of three of which Idra was a part of.

Idra nodded deeply at that gaze and said, “Yeah”,

Idra: [As I said before, it’s thanks to you that all of us are safe still. The night we survived the first Sparka, we were treated to a feast for the Unit, and I thought it’d be strange if you didn’t get your share of it.]

Weitz: [For the record, I’m the one who suggested it…]

Hiain: [Heh, tho’ I wasn’t gonna leave any for the brat!]

In turn, they told him why the platter of food had been saved for him. But at the words left behind by Hiain, Tanza next to him tilted her head,

Tanza: [I wonder if that is so. As I recall, I believe it was Hiain-sama who first said that he was uncomfortable eating with only those present.]

Hiain: [Huuuh!? I didn’t say that tho’! I dunno anythin’ ‘bout that tho’! Hey, you lil’ bitch, I won’t tolerate ya sayin’ unreliable shit like that!]

Idra: [Cut that out, Hiain. You can’t beat Tanza. That girl beheaded the Guiltilaw.]

Tanza: [I did indeed behead it.]

As Idra stopped him with a hand, Tanza bowed, and Hiain, unable to retort, concluded it with a “Guh”, and gave up his assault by turning his reptilian face away.

So this was a token of appreciation from all of them, including the not-so-honest lizardman.

Subaru: [I’m grateful, I won’t be shy at all about taking this meal then!]

Cecilus: [Oh, you’re a really gluttonous eater! The way you show your generous acceptance’s also terribly excellent, y’know.]

Weitz: [Don’t overdo it and get a stomachache…]

Subaru: [Don’t worry. I may look like this, but I used to be a famous school food fighter who ate up all the school lunches of those who were absent.] [2]

Getting milk from the kids who would not drink it was a piece of cake, and he also brushed his teeth before breakfast; that was Natsuki Subaru’s school food fighter battle style. [3]

The meat was cold and tough, but its generous seasoning was not that bad, so he couldn’t complain. Above all, it was a treat that everyone had saved for Subaru, and that was the best spice of all.

Yet, as he watched Subaru bite the meat off the bone like that, Weitz turned his pattern-covered face to the side and said, “No…”,

Weitz: [Don’t get any creepy misunderstandings… Not like I’m worried ’bout’cha…]

Subaru: [――? So you’re regretting the piece of meat you gave me now, or something?]

Weitz: [That’s not it either… It’s the deathmatchs…]

Subaru: [――――]

Weitz’s words were low and hushed, but the words resonated very profoundly with Subaru.

That very instant, Subaru almost dropped the meat from his hand, but fingers from the fake Cecilus caught it from the side and quickly stuck it in Subaru’s mouth.

Subaru: [Ugguggu…!]

Cecilus: [Relaxrelaxrelax you’re going to choke. Besides, Tattoo-san over there was a little lacking in his words just now. Don’t worry, there won’t be a deathmatch anytime soon.]

Subaru: [Uggu… Is… that right?]

Tanza: [Indeed. Currently, we have not received any notice of that so far. However, we do not know at what time we will be informed of a deathmatch, it seems.]

After finishing off all the meat, leaving only the bone, and pecking the remnants on his plate, he looked at Weitz. Listening to what the fake Cecilus and Tanza had to add, Weitz nodded.

Weitz: [That’s what I said…]

Subaru: [No you didn’t! I thought they were going to make us kill each other soon!]

Idra: [It’s not that harsh a place, indeed. I heard it used to be handled in the way Schwartz was concerned about, until the Island Chief was replaced and the policy changed.]

Subaru: [Before the changeover… So since Gustav-san took over?]

Idra nodded in response to the question, as Subaru reached for the next piece of meat.

In his mind, as he was reminded of Gustav’s intense face, which did not reveal any emotion at all, Subaru puzzled over what kind of person he was.

He was ruthless enough to suddenly throw Subaru into Sparka as soon as he took a look at the latter after waking up.

He had thought he would be very much something like the violent rules of the cruel Vollachian Empire in person, but from the extent of what he heard, it was not like the gladiators were being forced into seemingly deadly battles straight away.

Subaru: [Or maybe they just like to do it slowly rather than all at once?]

Cecilus: [You can see that I’m not just a “do on a whim” kind of person. In fact, if Basu hadn’t woken up, probably only these three here would be in the Unit facing the Sparka. If that’d happened, you’d probably have a much darker look on your face at this dinner party!]

Hiain: [T-that ain’t funny, you know! In the first place, why the hell are you even here!?]

The fake Cecilus laughed at Subaru’s words, followed by Hiain pointing and barking back in his face.

Indeed, if one were to ask, it was true. The fake Cecilus was the one who had helped Subaru and Tanza get ashore on the island, but that was the only connection between them.

Idra: [I’ve heard that every Gladiator here joins a Unit for Sparka at some point or another. After that, depending on their success, they may break up the Unit depending on their performance, but your Unit is…]

Cecilus: [Ah, if you’re worried about my Unit, don’t. Everyone except for me has died, and fortunately I’m already a gladiator who gets allocated solo deathmatches.]

Subaru: [What…?]

Cecilus: [I mean, I’m the strongest! No one can beat me, so you don’t have to worry about me at all, a-ha-ha!]

Subaru and everyone else clammed up as the fake Cecilus slapped his knee.

However, Subaru and Tanza’s reasons for keeping quiet were surely different from the reasons for the other three men. For that matter, both Subaru and Tanza’s were also a bit different at the core.

Idra and others would probably consider the words of the fake Cecilus as a huge lie, while Tanza was suspecting that the fake Cecilus was actually related to the real Cecilus Segmunt.

Then there was Subaru; who was thinking that he may be the shrunken Cecilus Segmunt, which, if true, then the fake Cecilus may still be the strongest even in this state.

If so, it would be very advantageous to have the fake Cecilus on their side――,

Cecilus: [――You shouldn’t do that, Basu. Looking at your opponent with such greedy eyes’ll have you be scorned.]

Subaru: [Hahn?]

Cecilus: [A person with the attributes to stand on top and in front, they shouldn’t have that sorta avaricious, pleading look in their eyes. It’s not smart in any way, shape, or form, so you should stop it! If you want to impress me, don’t use words. Use actions, resolve, and a treasured signature catchphrase.]

Saying this, the fake Cecilus advised Subaru, by taking two of the bones from his plate and crossing them in front of his face, forming them into an X symbol.

Having been told something so astute that it was as if the fake Cecilus had read his mind, Subaru gulped down his saliva.

And then――,

Subaru: […You said it wasn’t about words, but if a signature catchphrase is needed, then you need words too, right.]

Cecilus: [Heyyy, that’s true! That was quite sloppy! Just what has struck me, out of all people!?]

With wide-open eyes, the fake Cecilus leaned heavily against the back of his chair and then leaned forward as if being pushed forward. Subaru stiffened as his face suddenly got close to him; seeing that, the fake Cecilus shaped his whole face into a massive grin.

Cecilus: [Well then, sorry for interrupting you. I’ve also got a lotta matters to attend to, people to talk to, and ways to pass the time, so I’ll leave you here for now. Don’t worry, I’ll be in the other room next to you, so if there’s anything you still need to talk about, you’ll have to go there!]

Subaru: [Ah, um, roger that.]

Cecilus: [ Rawjur ? I don’t know what that is, but it sounds rather gallant! Well then, roger that!]

While making a slight misinterpretation, the fake Cecilus raised his hand and ran off before there was time to stop him.

Although there had been no reason to stop him, Subaru was shocked at the lightning-fast speed with which he had left.

In actuality, he wasn’t so much of a hindrance that he could be called an obstacle; as he just wanted to have someone around who knew the ins and outs of the Gladiator Island.

Subaru: [Well, it gets tiring hearing him speak roughly five times the amount of information I actually want.]

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, please continue your meal.]

Subaru: [Ah, yeah, that’s right. I’ve got to get my strength back.]

No matter what Gustav was thinking, he had no intention of staying quiet until the next deathmatch was assigned.

In the first place, he had no intention of staying here as a gladiator for very long. His goal was to take Tanza and get off the island today or tomorrow.

Worst-case scenario, they could become hostile to Gustav.

However, if they did that――,

Hiain: [What’s up, Schwartz?]

Subaru: [Umm, I was just wondering if you guys were worried. Can you do this without me?]

Hiain: [Ah? The hell ya talkin’ ’bout? Ya’re not thinkin’ of runnin’ away, are ya? If that’s the case then return the meat, the meat!]

Hiain opened his big mouth to yell at the anxious-looking Subaru.

Although they had every right to be angry, Subaru had people who were more important to him than they were. Should he consider leaving with not only Tanza, but also the other three together?

Subaru: […Rather, maybe everyone on the Island could escape?]

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama?]

Subaru: [Ah, sorrysorry, I was just talking to myself. As you’d expect, that was just some rambling.]

It was a troubling idea that he couldn’t let other people hear carelessly, even if he was just talking to himself under his breath.

However, Weitz, Idra, Hiain, and of course Subaru and Tanza had been forced to come to the Gladiator Island despite the fact that they did not want to participate in the deathmatches here.

If that was the case for the other people as well, then surprisingly, perhaps Subaru’s idea was not as ridiculous as one might think.

And, just as Subaru was thinking that.

???: [So you’ve finally woken up, kid.]

???: [That Sparka the other day, that was a helluva big deal, ya know!]

???: [I screwed up by not goin’ to watch it. I only got to hear rumors about this and that afterwards, man.]

People gathered around Subaru as he reached for the meat on his plate.

The men who spoke to Subaru in such a friendly manner were all men who looked like they had a reason for being there―― even without a detailed explanation, he was sure they were all gladiators.

Newcomers to the great hall and those who had been watching Subaru and his comrades from a distance both gathered there, creating a bit of a buzz around Subaru.

Subaru: [Uhm, you all are?]

???: [Can’t you tell just by lookin’? We’re your precursors on this island. You guys had quite the hectic and not-at-all borin’ Sparka!!]

The men started laughing around Subaru, whose eyes widened in surprise.

Only, they didn’t say it in a mocking tone, but in a genuinely complimentary way. Incidentally, while being surrounded by them, Idra had a forced smile, Hiain looked uncomfortable, and Weitz sulked silently.

Gladiator: [That girl’s entrance at the end was a sight to behold. She’s a lot stronger than she looks.]

Tanza: [Thank you very much. It is all thanks to the grace of those who love me.]

Gladiator: [Oh? I see. I don’t quite get it, but that was a good deathmatch!]

Not getting too deep into what the bowing Tanza said, were the perfectly open-minded large men. While they talked about how Subaru and his team fought in Sparka with their every gesture,

Gladiator: [However, it’s a big deal. That Gladiator Beast… That shadow lion’s taken out a lot of Units.]

Another Gladiator: [If you guys’d been taken out, I think the total number of Units knocked out by that thing would’ve been ten. The recent Sparkas continue to be rough.]

Gladiator: [That’s surely what Governor Gustav wants. Once you’re welcomed as a Gladiator, you’re gonna be treated well, as the entrance’s the toughest part… The next shows’re gonna be scary.]

There was no shortage of topics to discuss as they raucously talked about the situation on Ginunhive. Subaru nodded along, urging each of them to continue while he collected information on the island.

It seemed that ever since Gustav had become the Island Chief, the policy had also become much different from before after all. Also, that lion seemed to be rather strong, and Subaru and the others who won were now rated highly.

Subaru: [I see, so it was worth all the hard work on our part… Shows, you say?]

Gladiator: [Yeah, we have regular shows here where nobles from all over the Empire get together and make a spectacle out of our deathmatches. Sparka and daily deathmatches are all trainin’ for the real deal!]

Subaru: [Training…]

Gladiator: [Dyin’ during practice won’t be any good. The Governor knows that. If you work hard, you won’t get any reprimands… Ah, there’s an exception.]

Subaru: [An exception?]

Subaru tilted his head at the sight of the strong, muscular man with a fierce look stroking his nose as if he’d had trouble saying that.

He was silent for a moment, then sighed deeply and continued,

Strong Gladiator: [I hate to tell you this ’cause you get along so well with him, but don’t associate with that guy.]

Subaru: [And that guy, would be…?]

Thinking of the strong man’s phrasing and the one absent, there was only one person who fell under this category.

Subaru continued with a “Could it be..?”,

Subaru: [You don’t mean Ceci? If anything, he’s following me…]

Strong Gladiator: [Yeah, he seems to have taken a likin’ to you, but how much can you count on that? ――He came here only twenty days ago.]

Subaru: [Mhm.]

Strong Gladiator: [At his first Sparka, he did nothing and watched as his Unit was annihilated, and once his allies were gone, he killed the Gladiator Beast with his bare hands, effortlessly!]

Subaru: [――――]

Strong Gladiator: [After that, every time he was assigned a deathmatch, he had the nerve to cheer his opponent on ’til all others were dead. And, for some reason, he calls himself by the name of General First-Class Cecilus Segmunt.]

As he spoke, the strong man looked at the entrance to the hall with a mixture of heartfelt suspicion on his face and in his voice. The entrance that the fake Cecilus―― Cecilus Segmunt, had exited through just a moment before.

And it was not just the strong face speaking directly to Subaru that possessed such eyes.

Save for Subaru’s Unit comrades, who did not know of him, the same held true for everyone present.

He was a man who was friendly to Subaru, who had displayed his incomprehensibly narrative-driven brain to the point of having him fed up, who had tried asking Subaru, when he was dying, about his final will and testament, and who was fiercely disliked by the Gladiators, who were living side-by-side with death.

That was――,

Strong Gladiator: [――Governor Gustav and that Death God are the central figures in the current Gladiator Island’s irregularities.]

Translation Notes:

[1] The Japanese phrase for boy-who-cried-wolf is オオカミ少年 which is lit. Wolf Boy, hence why Cecilus interprets this as Subaru calling him a werewolf.

[2] The term フードファイタ is an English loan word in Japanese saying “Food Fighter”, however, the actual meaning of the word is that of “Competitive Eater”

[3] The expression 朝飯前 directly means “before breakfast”, but is used to express the idea of something being easy, akin to phrases like “child’s play” and “piece of cake”. The pun in this sentence is that Subaru refers to something that is easy, then uses the same term to say he does something before breakfast…

--- Chapter 66: Hiain Yatz ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch Cult Translations is recruiting! We’re currently looking for machine translators and Japanese to English checkers. If you’re interested in either of these roles, you can leave a reply in the comments below with your contact information, send a DM to @WCTranslations , or contact Ice#6557 on Discord.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Life on Gladiator Island Ginunhive, was not that bad for Subaru.

Subaru’s performance during the Sparka event had been well received by the gladiators competing on the Gladiator Island, apparently. And so, where he went, he would receive the same reception he had gotten in that large hall.

Even in an environment where one would be forced to fight, the way of the Vollachian Empire remained unchanged.

Therefore, it seemed that the principle of the strong being valued was valid all the same, and the Sparka performed by Subaru and the others of the Unit suited said principle well.

???: [Even though he’s just a scrawny brat, he’s got grit.]

That seemed to be the common assessment of Subaru.

It must have been quite amusing to them that Subaru, a child who could be throttled with one hand if such was one’s wish, had put up a good fight against the lion Gladiator Beast.

The fact that Subaru seemed to be just an ordinary child for his age, in opposition to the fake Cecilus, his age the same as Subaru’s, was perhaps helping this impression. Conversely, the fake Cecilus’s reputation was just that bad.

Cecilus: [I guess what I really want to say is that I’m just living my life as myself, so I really don’t care what everyone around me thinks of me. After all, none of you will be able to complain once you see the results. Oh, I don’t mean physical results, but emotional ones.]

Give or take, that had been his reaction at the time he overheard his reputation from the people around him.

He had already sensed that was the case in some way, but the fake Cecilus had no desire to change his way of being, nor did he care to live in accordance with the people around him.

He possessed a strong will to stick to his beliefs, and the strength to carry that through―― both of which affirmed the fake Cecilus’s outlandish ego.

And, as per the rules of the Gladiator Island and the Empire both, that was acceptable.

Idra: [But, being loathed for it isn’t really beneficial. We cannot survive on the Island alone, because we are a Unit.]

Weitz: [So yer saying that in there lies the power to survive, that so… Guessing from that brat’s uncontrollable behavior, he seems to be confident in his way too…]

Hiain: [Tch, what a weirdo, it ain’t any of our business. I mean, dealin’ with these two creepy lil’ brats is plenty enough.]

That was the impression the Unit’s members had of the fake Cecilus.

It might have sounded harsh, but it was an entirely natural thought. To begin with, unless they were very strong and in a safe place, all gladiators would struggle so they could survive day-in and day-out.

That was the norm, hence why they were left them with little time to care about the people around them.

Subaru: [Well, I do have a problem with Hiain treating us like creepy little brats, but what do you think, Tanza? About Ceci.]

Tanza: [To me, it matters not. More importantly, Schwartz-sama…]

Subaru: [Yeah?]

Tanza: [――Schwartz-sama, do you really intend to leave this place?]

Having been asked this all of a sudden, her voice sounding half-exasperated and half-reproachful, Subaru’s eyes widened as he turned around and mindlessly let out a “Huh?”.

In the communal room given to the gladiators―― a space that could be called a shared cell, Tanza, Subaru’s roommate, furrowed her smooth eyebrows and took in a breath in a way that was almost dramatic.

Tanza: [This is not the moment for huh’ing. I see that Schwartz-sama has been having a good time with all of the gladiators over the past few days, but do you remember the plan you had at the beginning?]

Subaru: [The plan at the beginning…?]

Tanza: [――Hk, you were thinking of leaving the Island and returning to Chaosflame.]

For a moment, Tanza’s voice became firm towards Subaru’s words that were as if he had no clue as to what she was alluding to.

And with that, the girl took her eyes off Subaru and prefaced with “My apologies”, before continuing,

Tanza: [I was intending to follow Schwartz-sama’s plan if possible. But if Schwartz-sama is not working proactively, then everything changes. I must rendezvous with Yorna-sama.]

Subaru: [――――]

Tanza: [Even now, I still do not know anything on what happened after Chaosflame, only that Yorna-sama is safe and sound, as evidenced by her continued love for me…]

As she stated this, Tanza touched her own right eye.

What this gesture meant was the change Subaru had witnessed in the residents of the Demon City―― the same blaze within the eyes of those under the effect of Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique.

Beheading the lion in a single stroke was certainly not something Tanza could do naturally. It meant that the power given by Yorna’s favor towards her, was still in play.

Subaru: [That means Yorna-san is well, doesn’t it?]

Tanza: […Physically. But, I do not know if she is well in heart.]

Subaru: [That’s… Well, yeah. Because Yorna-san treasured everyone in the city…]

Because she was too kind, she had been treated as a traitor on multiple occasions for failing to follow the policies of the Empire.

Subaru believed he somewhat grasped Yorna’s circumstances and the feelings of Tanza and everyone else protected by Yorna’s ideals.

So, it was understandable why Tanza wished to go back to Yorna right away.

Subaru: [But, you can’t rush that. You can’t get what you want by scrambling in the dark.]

Tanza: [But! I cannot afford to be as leisurely as you, Schwartz-sama!]

Subaru: [L-leisurely…]

Tanza: [Correct. I thought you were walking around the Island looking for a way to escape for the past two days, but it turns out you were chatting with your Unit and with other gladiators…]

Using her fingers to count, Tanza criticized Subaru’s behavior over the prior couple of days.

Indeed, for two days, all Subaru had been doing was talking to people. Not looking for a way to escape or figuring out how to work the only drawbridge that connected to the outside world.

Sometimes he would spend time with Weitz and the other people in his Unit, but he gave precedence to learning the rules of the Gladiator Island, as well as other interesting tidbits of information from those who had been on the Island for a longer time.

Those were very leisurely actions in Tanza’s eyes, and perhaps it looked as if Subaru had been preparing to make the Island his home until his death.

But if that were the case――,

Subaru: [That’s absolutely wrong, Tanza. I also have someone I want to see as much as Tanza wants to see Yorna-san. I absolutely have to get out of here.]

Tanza: […Say, are those the people who were with you?]

Subaru: [That’s true with the exception of Abel, and there are others… In a big walled city. And also in the country next door to the Empire. I’ve been very busy, y’know.]

Tanza: [――――]

Once Subaru replied that he had others he wanted to meet both there and elsewhere, Tanza fell silent.

Perhaps she was thinking that her singular love for Yorna was greater than Subaru’s love for multiple people, but she did not state that out loud.

That alone was enough to understand how earnest she was. One could only admire Yorna’s dedication to her education, had she been the one to teach her so many things.

Subaru: [Still, I probably can use my head better than you.]

Tanza: [――? What is that supposed to mean…?]

And something happened right when Tanza tilted her head at Subaru’s words.

???: [――Basu! The drawbridge’s going up! New people have just arrived!]

As he raised a boisterous shout, the fake Cecilus came running down the corridor and appeared before them. Tanza’s shoulders jumped at the intensity and loudness of his voice, but Subaru’s reaction was the exact opposite.

Exclaiming “Here they are!” as he leapt up on the spot, he continued,

Subaru: [That’s a lot faster than I’ve heard it is, is this the usual pace ?]

Cecilus: [Nah, like I told you, the latest Sparka, your group’s, was an exception. All but the three members in Basu’s Unit failed in their escape and ended up at the bottom of the lake… So, Basu and his team made up for the lack of manpower in a hurry.]

Subaru: [Ah, I see.]

As the fake Cecilus had said with a shrug of his shoulder, the previous Sparka had been held with irregularities.

The gladiator candidates who were originally supposed to enter the Gladiator Island with Weitz and the others, had attempted to escape en masse before arriving onto the Island proper. However this had ended up failing miserably, resulting in their carriage overturning. All of those who had escaped from the drawbridge into the lake then became food for aquatic Witchbeasts.

As a result, the Sparka had not been held for Weitz and the others as there were not enough members, and was going to be postponed until the number necessary to form a Unit was replenished, but——.

Subaru: [So back then, when Tanza and I came in, Weitz and the others must have been really down, huh.]

New recruits meant that they had to undergo Sparka, and not only that, Subaru and Tanza were the ones joining―― and Tanza was unconscious.

Essentially, with the inclusion of one child with nasty eyes, it was a four-man Sparka.

All three must have thought it was the unluckiest day of their lives.

Subaru: [However, it was actually the luckiest day of their lives.]

Cecilus: [Oh, you have a very nice, confident look on your face. So, Basu, what do you want to do now?]

Subaru: [Yeah, I’m going to check out the drawbridge. I’d like to talk to some of the people from outside as well.]

Cecilus: [That might be a lil’ difficult. I think this Sparka’ll start rather early in comparison to last time, so you may not get a chance to meet them.]

Subaru: [I see… It’s tricky, but if that’s the case, there are ways to make it work.]

With Subaru answer that while putting his hand on his chin, the fake Cecilus raised his eyebrows in response.

His interest, or perhaps his favorable impression of Subaru’s reply, was easily understandable from his reaction. His personality was the type of having trouble keeping secrets, but still someone they had to keep their guard up against.

There were few people in this world who could kill a person regardless of how much they liked them.

The rumored personality of the fake Cecilus on the Island was enough to make Subaru treat him as if he were a ticking bomb.

Of course, too much apprehension would only shorten the fuse, so finding the right balance was a good idea.

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [Finally, there seems to be some progress. Tanza, what do you think?]

Tanza: [No, well, what do you mean? Are you and Segmunt-sama plotting something?]

Cecilus: [It’s nothing of that kind! I wasn’t told anything of Basu’s thoughts, and even if I was, it wasn’t anything big. He simply told me to inform him when the drawbridge was about to be raised. Everything planned afterwards, is inside Basu’s head, y’know!]

Tanza: […Schwartz-sama?]

Seeing that there was no information to be gained from a Cecilus displaying himself as having not the slightest clue, Tanza’s gaze turned to Subaru, as if to accuse him of hiding something from her. Although, Subaru had no intention of hiding anything from her.

Though, it was his intention to move rather cautiously.

Subaru: [For now, let’s talk while we go check out the drawbridge. We’d all be stupid to miss it.]

With Tanza looking as if she wanted to say something and the amused fake Cecilus in tow, Subaru left the common room and headed for the upper level of the Island, from where he could see the drawbridge. Atop the Island, gladiators were allowed a great deal of freedom in their activities, and except for those whose behavior was abhorrent on a daily basis, they were not restricted in any way aside for when they would go to bed or had their deathmatches.

There were certain rules when to bath or eat, which apparently needed to be followed, but it was a far cry from what he had imagined, which had been the life of a slave or an inmate in a prison.

The Gladiator Island had a gladiatorial arena at the center of the Island, which became the stage where grand events were held for the likes of spectators from outside the Island. As such, and because the gladiatorial arena and its surroundings were what the outsiders would be seeing, it was decorated in a rather flashy and stand-out style.

On the other hand, the rest of the gladiator’s free-living spaces were simple, so, with the exception of the bare minimum facilities essential for living, the Island felt “gray” as a whole.

Subaru: [But there’s also the healing room, and there’s also a library, isn’t it?]

Tanza: [It is said that they began taking in books ever since Governor Gustav became the Island Chief. Surprisingly, I hear that it has become the place where everyone spends their relaxation time together.]

Subaru: [Yeah, there were a lot of books. Though it’d be nice if I could also read them.]

Whilst nodding at Tanza’s description, Subaru scratched his temple with his finger.

The letters of this world, which Subaru had supposedly studied, seemed to have been kicked out of his brain right after it was shrunk, so he could only read and understand them falteringly.

He remembered some bits vaguely, so it was not impossible to decipher them were he to try hard enough, but he had to use his mind like he was on a treasure hunt just to read a single page.

Subaru: [If nee-sama knew about this, she’d be extremely upset with me…]

The person who had given Subaru the most help in studying the letters was nee-sama―― Ram. And so, were she to become aware of Subaru’s current predicament, she would be very angry.

Even discounting that, he had left Rem by herself. He was sure that Ram would be angry upon learning that. As for that, Subaru too wanted her to get mad at him.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama?]

Subaru: [――In order for us to get off this Island, there are two things which will become our obstacles. One of them is the drawbridge that connects the Island to the other side of the river.]

Tanza: […Yes, I am aware of it.]

The stage was for the purpose of running the gladiatorial arena, which was built on the Island in the center of the lake.

As half of it came from the Island side, and the other half from the bank side, the drawbridge could not be crossed unless it was suspended from both sides. It was problematic, because it was usually raised so that it could not be crossed.

Cecilus: [That’s why it’s usually lowered. It’s raised only when needed.]

Subaru: [That still doesn’t make sense to me, no matter how many times you tell me. That’s why I want to see the real thing.]

Although the tone of Cecilus’s voice was as if he was speaking to someone who just did not want to listen, at any rate, within Subaru the image of the drawbridge was without a doubt that of one bridge divided into two from the middle, with each side causing the bridge to withdraw.

Naturally, according to that image the drawbridge would be “lowered”.

Tanza: [Then, Schwartz-sama, the second obstacle is…]

Sweeping away the conceptual image in Subaru’s mind, Tanza inquired as to the direction of the conversation. At those words, Subaru let out an “Uh huh” and took a short breath, then,

Subaru: [Needless to say, it’s the curse rule. The one Gustav says is placed on all the gladiators.]

Tanza: [――――]

As the ends of her gentle eyebrows lowered, Tanza made a complicated face.

Naturally, she would have understood the issue without even being told―― it was the curse rule.

A curse mark was bestowed upon all the gladiators on the Gladiator Island, and it was activated on those who broke the curse rule, dispossessing them of their lives. That was the main reason why Gustav continued to reign as the absolute ruler of the Gladiator Island, as Governor.

No one could defy Gustav; defying him would cost one of their life.

Even if one did not defy him, as long as the curse mark was not removed, one did not know when their life would be terminated for violating the curse rule.

How to remove it, and the details of the curse rule, nobody except Gustav himself knew.

Subaru: [If you ask me what I’m scared of, that’d be that I don’t know the detailed rules. I could just be spending my time normally, and then inadvertently violate them and die without realizing it.]

Cecilus: [Well, from what I know there was that sorta unease when Gustav first became Governor, but lately, that unease seems to have faded away for the most part. That said, it seems like Gustav doesn’t want to reduce the number of gladiators all silly-nilly, so it’s a relief that he’s declared what should never be done.]

Subaru: [Declared… So that’d be stuff like, “Do not defy the guards” and “Fighting amongst fellow gladiators outside of deathmatches is prohibited” and “Do not flee from this Island without permission”, and so on.]

Cecilus: [Yupyup.]

Subaru: [――As I thought, the last one there is the problem.]

For maintaining the rules for living on the Island, Gustav had imposed the curse rule.

Nevertheless, it was true that this was in direct conflict with Subaru’s and Tanza’s objectives.

Subaru: [Aside from less-than-upright methods, there are other ways to break the curse rule and quit being a gladiator, right?]

Cecilus: [Yeah, there certainly are. That specific case’d be the large-scale show that they hold once a year. His Excellency the Emperor is invited, and it’s the famous reward for the deathmatch they hold in his presence. There’s also other ways, such as someone in the audience spending lots of money to take you out. Therefore, the gladiators also need to look good, meaning a necessity to charm them with magnificent beauty emerges.]

Subaru: […For some reason or another, my mental image is that of gladiators .]

That was something that resembled the so-called gladiators from the Roman Empire. [1]

He did not know much about the details, but it had a nuance along the lines of a slave that was made to fight with a sword, which could be said to be literally the same position as the gladiators of the Island.

He had heard that there was a person, seemingly a famous gladiator of old, who had brought about a rebellion alongside the other gladiators, but――, [2]

Subaru: [What I want to do is escape, not rebel, so I’m thinking more like a great prison escape.]

What could become a hint, would be the patterns of those who have escaped from prison.

However, knowledge of such movies and manga was also rather hazy within Subaru. It seemed that they would not be able to utilize that with things as they were, so Subaru still had to find the right answer.

Subaru: [Whatever the case, for the sake of getting off of the Island we have to do something about these two things, the drawbridge and the curse rule. For that reason as well, it is absolutely essential that we go observe the drawbridge, got it?]

Tanza: […I concur. Still, that does not explain why Schwartz-sama was taking his time relaxedly up until the drawbridge moved.]

Subaru: [You sure are holding that against me…]

Responding to Tanza’s intent gaze, Subaru scratched his head as he made a troubled face.

While they were talking like that, the three of them headed to the vantage point they sought. Halfway up the mountain that got taller as it approached the center of the Island, a balcony had been built in a position that overlooked half of the lake.

Rather than a balcony, it was more accurate to call it an observation deck, but there were a few other people in attendance besides Subaru and the other two. The other gladiators seemed to have come here as curious onlookers.

Amongst the ranks of the onlookers, a figure suddenly turned and waved to Subaru and the others.

???: [That’s Schwartz, ain’t it? What’re ya doin’ here?]

Subaru: [Oh, Hiain, you’re here as well. Just looking at the goods?]

Hiain: [As if I could be doin’ somethin’ like that…! I’d heard the next sacrifices were on their way, that’s why.]

Averting his eyes, the lizardman Hiain was unable to continue with the rest of the words.

As a member of the same Unit as Subaru, contrary to his cocksure attitude, he was quite timid. He was not a bad person, but on the other hand his character was not something to be openly praised.

Even that excuse just now had not fully dispelled any part of that purpose of “looking at goods”.

Tanza: [Hiain-sama, did you want to take a look at the people who are coming next?]

Hiain: [Urgh…]

Tanza: [If you do not want to tell me, it does not particularly bother me, however.]

At the reserved Tanza’s question, Hiain curled his big mouth and hesitated to answer. But with the silence immediately becoming unbearable, Hiain said “That’s right!” with a trembling voice.

Resting his elbows on the railing, while scowled at the lake below, he spoke,

Hiain: [I wanted to see the faces of the guys comin’ here next. Is that wrong?]

Subaru: [That’s not wrong, but for what reason? Since you survived the Sparka, it’d be inconsiderate to come here to check if the next group of incomers can survive Sparka, or something of the sort.]

Hiain: [Like I’d do somethin’ that evil…! I ain’t sayin’ there aren’t guys like that tho’.]

I am different , and with that, Hiain denied Subaru’s suspicions.

He had decided to trust that answer for the moment. Subaru also earnestly understood that Hiain was not a bad guy, he was just a scaredy-cat. He also was the one that seemed to be the least accustomed to the rules of this Gladiator Island.

Hiain: […So, why’d you guys come?]

Subaru: [We aren’t just looking at the goods, nor are we curious onlookers. Of course, we’re interested in the people they’re bringing this time around, but we want to see the drawbridge.]

Hiain: [Ya wanna see the bridge? What are ya, a brat…? Wait, ya really are a brat, ain’t’cha!?]

Subaru: [No, that’s right, and you sure talk loud.]

Subaru’s lips curved due to Hiain recklessly speaking very loudly, perhaps to cover up his own feelings. As he then stood alongside him, they looked over the lake below.

Albeit the sun was still high in the sky, the area around the Gladiator Island was faintly darkened by an overcast sky.

For some reason, it seemed the clouds in the area never seemed to clear up, and he had heard that the overcast sky was present all year round. Based on how the sky looked, this was a place that darkened people’s spirits.

Cecilus: [Well, there are a considerable number of people who enjoy that kinda environment, I rather like it.]

Subaru: [That’s surprising. I thought Ceci’d be a big fan of sunny days… But, you do call yourself “lightning”, so it’s possible you don’t care if it’s cloudy.]

Cecilus: [I see, it’s not something I ever cared much about, but now that you mention it…]

Shrugging his shoulders at the fake Cecilus, who put his hand over his mouth as his eyes gleamed at the surprising revelation, Subaru and the others lined up in front of the railing, waiting for the drawbridge in question to be raised.

Then, not too long after――,

Subaru: [Oh, ohhh――!]

At first, the rattling sound of gears and mechanical parts moving could be heard from somewhere.

His thought was that it had to utilize the same mechanism the iron fence at the gladiatorial arena used to spring up, but the drawbridge’s was on a scale a world apart. After all, not constructing a bridge of tremendous length would not do, so, from what it seemed, they’d had to balance that with turning either large gears, or a large number of gears.

Before Subaru’s eyes, slowly, the drawbridge “rose”――.

Subaru: [――――]

What had appeared so, so slowly, was the drawbridge that had been submerged deep within the lake.

Just like how the fake Cecilus had corrected him about it many times, moving in conjunction with the mechanism of rotating gears, it “rose” out of the lake to reveal itself.

Rather than lowering a drawbridge that had been raised, they “raised” a drawbridge that had been submerged.

In precise terms, it was not one singular bridge that was brought up, but multiple connected bridges that emerged from the bottom of the lake, apparently structured to form a single bridge. Once the bridge, divided into multiple sections, was lifted to the same level, it was then connected together to become one, which was completed while a large quantity of water was drained from it.

That very mechanism was also in operation on the bank side, and so the drawbridge would also rise on the opposite bank. The two drawbridges raised in that way would then become one, releasing the Gladiator Island from its isolation for a limited time. [3]

Subaru: [The thing that’s moving that bridge is…]

Cecilus: [There’s a tower that controls the drawbridge, so it’s pretty much operated in that tower, y’know. I’ve never actually been inside, so I don’t know what to expect.]

Subaru: [――Inside the control tower.]

As far as a bridge of that scale went, it would probably be difficult to raise and lower it covertly.

That said, crossing the lake in something like a small boat was also impeded by the presence of the Witchbeasts in the water. It seemed that his thinking was still insufficient to provide a realistic means of escape.

Tanza: […Likely, that is the carriage carrying the next people.]

Beside the pondering Subaru, Tanza muttered that while looking towards the opposite shore.

Pulling a single carriage, a large sable Galewind Horse slowly crossed the drawbridge. The Galewind Horse appeared to be an army horse equipped with armor, and it seemed quite tough at a glance.

Guarding that carriage, positioned around it, were soldiers, riding something smaller than the Galewind Horse. It seemed that they were worried about the carriage overturning like last time, so their vigilance was increased.

Cecilus: [Oh, it’s Gustav-san. Looks like he’s coming in person.]

On the other side of the drawbridge, a group was waiting for the carriage to arrive. Among the guards in their black uniforms, Gustav stood, his extraordinarily large chest puffed out.

Was this also a precaution against the last time the carriage overturned? Or, considering it was Gustav, he would have been present regardless.

Subaru: [It’s a little over a kilometer to the other side of the river, maybe no more than two kilometers…?]

It was hard to tell because it was quite a distance away, although the distance of the drawbridge appeared to be more or less what he had guessed.

Even with the mechanism that allowed them to divvy up the weight of the bridge, a drawbridge of such length was unimaginable. Even if magic or some other special magical tool had been used as a basis, it was still quite a feat.

And so, as he was checking the state of his target, the drawbridge――,

Hiain: [Ah――!?]

Hiain, who like Subaru and the others had been looking at the drawbridge, exclaimed, his voice cracking.

――No, he was not looking at the drawbridge, but at the carriage coming across. The carriage pulled by a huge Galewind Horse had finished crossing the drawbridge, the people inside exiting.

These were the people who would be handed over to Gustav as gladiators, or, more correctly, as candidates to be gladiators. Hiain’s eyes widened at the sight of these faces.

Hiain: [Those idiots… Ya ended up gettin’ caught…!]

With both hands covering his face, Hiain stared down below him through the gaps between his large, webbed fingers.

Upon laying eyes on the new faces, Subaru understood the meaning of his words. The people brought in were all much like Hiain―― lizardmen. Although the color of their scales suggested that they were possibly of a different ethnic group, they could still be broadly categorized as such.

And Hiain’s reaction was in response to knowing who they were.

Hiain: […Even tho’ ya went as far as to use me as bait to get away.]

Subaru narrowed his eyes at Hiain, who muttered to himself bitterly.

During Sparka, when he had tried again and again to get to know Hiain and the others who had participated alongside him, he had been told the circumstances that had brought Hiain to the Gladiator Island.

He had told Subaru that he had been made to play a decoy with his ability to change the color of his scales and blend in, and that he had been used as a sacrificial pawn to buy time for his friends to escape from slavers.

That said, from Hiain’s response, it was clear that they――,

Subaru: [They’re the ones who used you as bait, huh.]

Hiain: [Guh…]

Tanza: [Hiain-sama…]

Hiain’s expression changed once Subaru spoke his words, which made Tanza look at him with concern. Although Tanza was probably not fond of him, she probably held sympathy for a person with whom she had exchanged words.

But, once he saw that boy and that girl gazing at him Hiain sniffled “He”, and.

Hiain: [S-serves ’em right! Endin’ up makin’ fools out of yerselves ’cause ya took advantage of me! After all the pain they caused me… Ridiculous!]

Cecilus: [Hmmm.]

Hiain: [W-what, ya got a problem or somethin’!?]

The fake Cecilus closed one eye at Hiain’s words, the latter lashing out angrily, his mouth distorted, at the former. When Hiain recklessly snapped at him in response, the fake Cecilus shook his head, “No, no”,

Cecilus: [I’m not criticizing you. I was just surprised and impressed at the same time, because it was just a mediocre statement by a mediocre character who exists just to be beaten.]

Hiain: [I’m a character who exists just to be beaten…?]

Cecilus: [What else can I say? This is something I’ve been thinking about for quite a bit, but why do all these people who are supposed to be side characters always blurt out things that make them sound like they are side characters? Why don’t they just read one of those picture books, and understand how foolish it all sounds?]

In front of Hiain, whose voice trembled, the fake Cecilus clasped his hands up high together.

With a dry sound, the fake Cecilus drew the attention of those around him to himself,

Cecilus: [Look around and see for yourselves. I haven’t read every story I can find of the past and the present and of every location, but if you read ones that catch your eye from cover to cover, you’ll find that that there are many members to their cast. The famous ones say and do things worthy of their renown, and those who aren’t say and do things that are worthy of their stupidity. And this applies to reality outside pictures book more than you might think.]

Hiain: [W-what the fuck are ya talkin’ ‘bout…?]

Cecilus: [Weak people say things that seem weak! Strong people say things that seem strong! The leading actors say the coolest things, and the minor characters whisper in a voice that’s hard to hear! Oh, it’s all so bizarre and strange, don’t you think?]

Hiain: [――――]

Cecilus: [Why are y’all so eager to play the smallest roles out of your own will? We’re all actors who need to live out our own lives. Of course, the lead actor can only be me.]

Keeping their gazes focused on him, the fake Cecilus lightly tapped on the ground under his zori, focusing not only their gazes but also their hearing all towards himself. [4]

And――,

Cecilus: [Why don’t you think things over before you say anything? That statement makes you sound kinda like a small fry who’s about to die.]

Hiain: [――Hk.]

Hiain swallowed as the fake Cecilus brought his face closer to him, staring at him from below.

With a smile on his face despite Hiain’s reaction, the fake Cecilus swiftly backed away. But Hiain seemed to be afraid of the fake Cecilus’s eyes, and found himself panting.

And with that, Hiain turned his back to run away from the fake Cecilus, and――,

Subaru: [Hiain.]

Hiain: [What!? Leave me alone! The only time I’m getting involved with’cha is when we’re together as a Unit, and…]

Subaru: [What about those people down there? I thought they were your companions.]

Subaru stopped Hiain as he was about to leave, asking him a question. Hearing Subaru’s words, Hiain exhaled with a “Ha!”,

Hiain: [It’s as I said! They used me as bait and after that, they fucked up! I don’t give a shit ‘bout those idiots!]

Subaru: [――But, when you dropped that bag down the cliff, they shared their food with you, didn’t they?]

Hearing Subaru’s words, Hiain’s eyes widened with an “Ah”.

To Hiain’s astonishment, Subaru continued with “More than that”,

Subaru: [They helped you get away from bandits, and when you couldn’t start a fire, they did it for you… The last thing you remember about them might be a bad memory, but…]

Hiain: [――――]

Subaru: [It’s too lonely to think that the last thing you saw of them makes up everything about those people.]

There was the saying that a person would show their true colors in extreme circumstances.

How ridiculous , Subaru wanted to say as to tell him to discard that logic.

It was ridiculous to assume that, when a person was placed in an extraordinary, uncontrollable situation, the actions they took there would determine everything about them.

Then, would what Hiain, Weitz, and Idra had done during Sparka be their true colors?

Would Subaru think they were a scaredy-cat, a coward, and a fraud… And that all that was all there was to them?

There were moments they would cooperate with Subaru without running away, without outsmarting them, without deceiving them, and that was why they were all here together like this, having narrowly escaped from death.

That was why――,

Subaru: [If you talk to them, you might get a different story.]

Even Subaru had been unable to love the people who he now loved from the get-go.

He had also seen the less pleasant sides of those people. Still, Subaru wanted to like everyone. And Subaru believed himself to not be the sole unique person in this regard.

Hiain: […Ya’re a creepy lil’ brat. Always talkin’ like ya know it all.]

At Subaru’s appeal, Hiain muttered something that sounded spiteful.

From his point of view, it had to be quite sickening, to be told a story that he did not remember telling Subaru. And yet, with a face portraying a thought that preceded the eeriness he felt,

Hiain: [They’ll never get past Sparka. So, it’s impossible.]

With that, Hiain walked away from his perch, this time without stopping.

But did he realize it? Hiain’s answer did not come from his feelings at that moment, but was merely an excuse as to why he could not do those things. Because the situation would become even more suffocating.

Did he realize that, if the circumstances changed, that excuse would no longer be tenable――?

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, I am sorry to hear about Hiain-sama and his acquaintances, but…]

As Hiain turned away, Tanza gently touched Subaru’s sleeve. Her round eyes were shimmering with impatience, accompanied with sympathy.

Out of the obstacles they had to overcome, one of them was the drawbridge. Because she had seen the bridge with her own two eyes, it must have strengthened her resolve to escape the Island.

Naturally, for Tanza, getting off this Island was much, much more important to her than Hiain’s feelings. Of course, it was the same for Subaru.

Subaru also had things that were important to him, and things that he wanted to prioritize.

There was no need to compare Hiain with what Subaru had encountered in the past.

Yet――,

Cecilus: [――Basu, that’s what’s called a thorny path.]

Subaru: [Ceci…]

As Subaru fought the boiling, burning sensation in depths of his chest, the fake Cecilus told him that.

When Subaru turned to look at him, the fake Cecilus let out a “Hup”, then stood nimbly atop the railing in front of him. It was a sight that made him feel a tad uneasy, but the fake Cecilus dexterously balanced himself on the narrow railing.

Cecilus: [It’s rare that we get everything to be the way we want them, no matter how many of the best choices we make under the circumstances we find ourselves in. There’s a precondition for those beings who obtain everything. The qualification of being the chosen leading actor. If you do not possess it, and you want something you’re undeserving of――]

Subaru: [What if I do?]

Cecilus: [Only death awaits, isn’t that so?]

As the fake Cecilus stated so, his body leaned heavily toward the other side of the railing. Seeing this, Tanza’s eyes widened and she quickly tried to reach out her hand.

But faster than she could do so, the fake Cecilus, bending at the knees, killed the momentum of his fall. Then crouching, he came face-to-face with Subaru in front of the railing, and,

Cecilus: [So it’s much easier to have things move along if you think of them as what needs to be done, whether you like it or not.]

Subaru: […What needs to be done?]

Cecilus: [Yes, that’s right. Accepting what is in front of you as supremely natural, coming to the conclusion you can’t change destiny. Those who cannot overcome obstacles with their own strength will inevitably stagnate on the road ahead. You’ve got no choice but to carve open your own path… That’s what needs to be done, regardless of what you think about it.]

The fake Cecilus said this while squatting down, skillfully maintaining his posture without moving a single muscle. As Subaru was bombarded directly by those words, the rumors about the fake Cecilus resurfaced in Subaru’s mind.

It had been said that, in the Sparka which the fake Cecilus had participated in, he had not acted until all of his allies had been wiped out.

Then, as soon as he had been left alone, he had killed the Gladiator Beast by his lonesome, and since then, he had been fighting to the death without the members of his Unit at his side, taking the lives of everyone he came to face.

Subaru: [Is that why you don’t help others, Ceci?]

Cecilus: [You must be able to clear your way through any obstacle by yourself. If you accomplish things by borrowing the strength of others, you won’t be able to overcome the same thing the next time you encounter it. You can’t borrow power forever. People’ll eventually die. Even I, am not immortal.]

His intentions were understandable. His logic, too, was not impossible to comprehend.

But that was a type of logic that only the fake Cecilus could declare because he was strong, someone who could cut through problems. It was very harsh, and unkind.

Subaru: [You say that, Ceci, but sometimes encounters can change a person, you know. Then, that changed person might overcome the next obstacle. Besides…]

Cecilus: [Besides?]

Standing on one foot on the railing, the fake Cecilus rested his elbow on his bent knee and rested his hand on his chin. Scowling at that face holding back a grin, Subaru bared his teeth.

As an ordinary person who was unable to live alone, to this superhuman who could get through anything on his own.

Subaru: [Ceci, you say to treat it as what needs to be done regardless of my feelings, but it’s important to keep this feeling of not being able to do that.]

Cecilus: [――――]

Subaru: [This feeling of not being able to throw away my personal feelings to do something, is the driving force to save someone else. Even if I’m told this is the selfishness of a naive brat, because that’s what it is.]

Indeed, that was what Subaru would like to believe.

The size of one’s body did not matter. This was something that Natsuki Subaru thought, no matter how big or small he was.

A belief. A naive logic that could not be disregarded by cleverness posed as mature.

Cecilus: [Aha!]

Hearing Subaru’s declaration, the fake Cecilus’s expression changed.

From a thin smile to a big, satisfied grin.

Seeing that out of the corner of his eye, Subaru decided what he needed to do and walked away.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama! Segmunt-sama, what are…]

Cecilus: [Oh, that’s great, Basu! That fits my logic as well. Cool people say cool things, strong people say things that seem strong. Both casts start by saying things that are worthy of their standing. That’s the very spirit of someone who rebels against fate!]

Tanza: [Segmunt-sama!]

Tanza turned on the fake Cecilus, who was cackling on the railing. However, Subaru had no time to spend on these two people.

There were two places that he needed to go to, and although he could just stop by the first, he needed to have a little discussion, persuasion, or perhaps a somewhat baseless accusation for the other one.

That was something he would have to get ready for later, and――

Subaru: [Old Man Null!]

Quickly heading back inside the Island, Subaru rushed to the healing room. As he flung the door open, he saw the back of a panicked figure that had been secretly dozing off inside.

The old man with a thin body, an untended long beard, and the impression of a cotton swab was Old Man Null, the healer cooped up in the healing room.

Null shook his head and blinked at the visitor who had rushed into the room, Subaru. The latter prefaced his question with, “Sorry, sorry”, and then,

Subaru: [――The thing I asked for, is it ready?]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Looks like they’re having the next Sparka… We should have a reason to go watch…]

Hiain loathed Weitz, who, unable to read the situation, had made such an invitation.

Since they had been assembled as members of the same Unit, they frequently had no choice but to be together, however, from the beginning, Hiain had never gotten along with Weitz.

In addition to that, he knew that this was where he himself, who would impulsively flare up at people, and who had poor chemistry with Weitz, who was genuinely courageous―― he, who could not back down, would be the first to spew inflammatory words.

Even though he knew this, he had never been able to fix it.

Because of that, he had been through utterly terrible experiences up to this point. He had been sent to Ginunhive as a gladiator, that mess, too, had been caused by the disaster his mouth had made.

It was true that the people he had been working with had used him as a sacrificial pawn in order to get away from slavers. But, in the first place, it had been Hiain’s own slip of the tongue which had drawn the slavers’ attention to them.

Though frustrated for being incapable of even finding a decent job for merely a day, he had gotten into a bar room fight with a group of clearly dangerous people, and was held accountable for it.

After days and days of being on the receiving end of a harried pursuit, it finally reached the point of turning to direct violence. And, for his comrades to save themselves, a decision was made.

Hiain: [Damnit, I know that…]

Though he was a scaredy-cat, he was short-tempered and would flare up at people; that was the reason he had incurred problems, and yet, until the very end, his comrades did not abandon him.

Reluctant to keep relying on others, and trying to look good, he had told them, “If it becomes hopeless, please just abandon me”. Despite having said this however, on his mind had been the thought that they did not have the courage to abandon him.

At the very end of the end, convinced that they were scaredy-cats just like him, that they would not have the courage to abandon one of their comrades, he had been taking advantage of them.

Hiain: [I know that I’m the most hopeless of ’em all, damnit…]

Being abandoned, being used as bait, being used as a sacrificial pawn; it had been foolish of him to make a big fuss about it.

That it had been a very foolish thing, Hiain himself understood that.

But, were he to go on without saying that, he would be unable to protect his own heart. He was not at fault, and yet his comrades had been the ones in the wrong that had made him suffer; he firmly wished to believe that.

At the very least, by cursing his comrades in that manner, cursing them, who had escaped harm, he wanted to justify himself.

Hiain: [Despite that, why the hell did y’all get caught, too…!]

After all the trouble he had gone through, getting himself caught like this, and thrown into such a hopeless situation, why had they gotten themselves caught as well? With his justification to curse them snatched away, Hiain was nothing more than an asshole.

Degraded to being merely an asshole, he had no choice but to watch his friends die helplessly, here.

???: [It appears a Unit’s been established with the people that were brought in this time. Unlike how it was with us back then, they’re being thrown in as soon as they arrive…]

With his arms crossed, with his voice trembling, Idra looked down upon the gladiatorial arena from his seat among the spectators.

Idra attempted to hide his trembling voice, but to no avail. Idra may be strong, but deep down, he was not very different from the scaredy-cat Hiain.

Even then, Idra had the determination to put on a guise of strength. Hiain did not. He was miserable.

Gustav: [――From here-on out, the Sparka commences!!]

As the seating crowded with gladiators, the heavy voice of Gustav, the Governor, reverberated through the crowd.

Although they’d had no leisure for noticing it during their own Sparka, in one corner of the gladiatorial arena, there was a stage from which Gustav could look out over the audience―― or rather, a place where dignitaries would be seated during the shows.

From there, Gustav looked down upon the venue with his four arms spread aloft.

At that moment, directly beneath Gustav, a passageway leading to the back of the gladiatorial arena opened, and, from its interior closed off with an iron fence, a Gladiator Beast slowly emerged.

It was a Witchbeast different from the one Hiain and the others had fought, a very, very large rat with soft-looking fur wrapped around its entire body, and bird wings growing out of both of its arms.

However, the differences between the two amounted to only their appearance, and there was no sizeable distinctions in their ferocity or danger, that was what Hiain’s instinctive alarm bells conveyed to him.

In other words, it would not be the case in which, just because it was a different Gladiator Beast, the difficulty of Sparka would be reduced.

Weitz: [So, looks like these are the participants this time…]

As he heard the low roar of the gladiator Beast, as Weitz had stated, the fence of the passageway in front of them opened, and from there the participants of this Sparka―― the five lizardmen, emerged.

The scales of each and every single one of them shook with anxiety and tension, all of their faces were familiar to Hiain.

That final hope of having mistaken them because he had viewed them from a distance, had been crushed.

Suddenly turning his face downward, Hiain realized that there was nowhere for him to run.

Just what had caused this? The scaredy-cat Hiain had survived the Sparka.

Being brought to the same place as Hiain, his comrades would be unable to survive the Sparka, would end up losing their lives―― just what in the world was this curse?

That they had to suffer through this, had it been a result of his cursing?

If so, the effect of Hiain’s cursing had to be a considerable one. Then, he would curse everyone on this Island with the exception of himself―― no, he would rather curse everyone within this Empire, curse them until he ran out of curses, and yet.

Idra: [Idiot.]

Hiain: [――Ah?]

To begin with, if he were to curse anyone, he would start with the slavers who had left him and his comrades here.

Hiain, having been engaged with such fanciful and unhelpful retreats from reality, was brought back to his senses by Idra’s dumbfounded mutterings.

What had occurred? With his eyes wide open in astonishment, Idra stared at the gladiatorial arena. And, doing that was not just Idra, but was also Weitz next to him―― no, was not just the two of them.

――The multitude of gladiators in the audience of the venue were all staring in amazement.

The reason for that was clear, and looking down at the gladiatorial arena, Hiain’s expression became the same as those of the others.

Because, beside the five lizardmen, was the figure of a sixth person who was not supposed to be――.

Hiain: [W-w-w-what the hell’re you doing, Schwartz――!?]

His throat trembling, Hiain called out the name of the one who should not be there, the name of the black-haired boy.

The boy from whom he had just parted at that vantage point, the boy who had spoken to him so cheekily, turned around upon hearing Hiain’s pitiful exclamation.

Then, present in the midst of the lizardmen trembling at the life-threatening Sparka before, with a snap he pointed at the face of Hiain in the audience, and declared.

He had been asked what he was doing, and so――.

Subaru: [――The strongest reinforcement.]

So he declared.

Translation Note:

[1] – In this section, several terms all translate to English as “gladiator”, Subaru vocalizes グラディエーター which is the English loanword, 剣奴 is used in narration, which is how the gladiators of Ginunhive are always referred to, and finally 剣闘士 is used in narration to refer to the gladiators of Rome, and we have localized this as “gladiators of old”.

[2] – This is a reference to the legend of Spartacus.

[3] – This is a bit of a pun that doesn’t really work in English, the “孤島” in “剣奴孤島”, translated literally, means “isolated island” rather than “island”. Hence why it’s being “released” from “isolation” (孤立) here.

[4] – A Zōri is a traditional kind of Japanese footwear, resembling a sandal. More information here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zori

--- Chapter 67: Hidden Behind the Molar ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch Cult Translations is recruiting! We’re currently looking for machine translators and Japanese to English checkers. If you’re interested in either of these roles, you can leave a reply in the comments below with your contact information, send a DM to @WCTranslations , or contact Ice#6557 on Discord.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

At first, when Old Man Null heard Subaru’s request, his mouth, with several missing teeth, distorted in a grandiose manner.

From what he’d heard, Old Man Null was a healer on the Island―― in name only, as he had never done anything like treating others, hence he was acting as an imitation doctor.

Old Man Null had been at the Island before Gustav had taken over as Island Chief and Governor. In a period during which the Island had been much harsher and deadly, he had happened to obtain the role of a healer.

It had all started when he did nothing more but to apply a dirty cloth on an open wound of a gladiator who had lost their arm.

With that as the genesis of him treating people, the number of times he was being called upon increased, and before long, he was excused from having to stand in the gladiatorial arena as a gladiator, being ordered to work as a healer in the healing room.

From there-on out, he spent a long time as a healer, and befitting his position, came across plenty of bloody scenes.

Thanks to that, he became able to at least do stuff like stitching up wounds or mixing simple drugs. With the belief he would live peacefully as a healer until he died, he gave a smile with his yellow teeth.

Subaru also felt guilty for having caused Old Man Null’s face to have distorted in such a grandiose manner.

However, if Subaru were to try and actualize the things that he wished to do upon the Island, the things that he had to do, then no matter what, that was an indispensable thing.

That was why Subaru had made a request to Old Man Null, who was doing a praiseworthy job of saving people.

Subaru: [――Can you prepare a poison that can instantly kill a person, just by biting or licking it?]

△▼△▼△▼△

He felt terrible for Old Man Null.

But, this was necessary. It would be a bigger problem for Subaru to pass out in the middle of a fight or survive some half-assed way―― there had to be a way for him to start over.

And, once he obtained the means to do so, Subaru would be absolutely perfect.

Subaru: [Well, it’d help if my legs were a little longer.]

Such complaints were the opinion of those who came across a situation in battle where a single big step was not enough.

Of course, that one step was forcefully solved by rushing two steps ahead, even faster, to the next opportunity. By repeating trial and error to find the best action, he could grasp the desired future.

That was why――,

Gustav: [――That is enough! You have done well to survive Sparka! By my jurisdiction as the official, I accept you all as members of the Gladiator Island!]

The resounding declaration conveyed in a baritone, commended the end of a fierce battle waged in the gladiatorial arena.

In the middle of the gladiatorial arena was the corpse of a Gladiator Beast, lying on its back with two swords, one large and one small, pierced into its body. Its two wings and long tail had been severed, leaving it in a pitiful state.

But, the way it had utilized its wings to move and its attacks used its sharp tail had truly, truly been troublesome.

Since conquering those two problems had been absolutely necessary to damage its body, he just wished to put it out there that they had not hurt it needlessly.

And――,

Subaru: [Gustav-san, seriously?]

Breathing heavily, his shoulders heaving, Subaru looked up at Gustav standing at the seats positioned closest to the arena.

The Governor of the Island, with his four burly arms crossed, had overseen the Sparka’s conclusion. He seemed like an obstinate, inflexible man, but Subaru had not expected even his declaration of its terminus to be the same word-for-word.

It was hard to imagine that he had coincidentally used the same words for both this battle and for Subaru’s group’s, which made it seem that Gustav’s declaration was probably the same every time.

Anyway――,

???: [We, did it… We did it, we did it! We survived! We survived!!]

???: [We’re alive…! Ah, uwaaaaaah!]

???: [Iiiiiiiii, heeeee…]

???: […I can’t believe it. I thought it was the end of the world…]

???: [Maybe we died and went to Od Lagna…?]

Around the corpse of the Gladiator Beast were five people, each one with their own way of being stunned and rejoicing at their victory.

They were Orson, Hitz, Nadrey, Quonson, and Codley. All of them lizardmen, but no two were of the same ethnicity, and the formula for victory had been understanding everyone’s unique characteristics and how they worked together.

As had been the case with Weitz et al, victory would not have been achievable were any of them not present. ――Of course, it would have been impossible without Subaru.

Subaru: [But, they won…!]

With a snap, Subaru pointed his finger towards Gustav at the seats closest to the arena.

Gustav’s stern face remained unchanging even with Subaru’s provocative attitude, only reacting by squinting his eyes.

Without saying a word, Gustav turned his back and walked away from the seats, returning to the Island.

Cleaning up the corpse and dealing with the surviving gladiators was left to the guards, his subordinates.

???: [Schwartz!]

Subaru: [Oh?]

As Subaru watched Gustav walk away, someone running toward him called out his name. It was Hiain, having jumped down from the stands and made a run for Subaru.

He seemed to have the scales of his entire body standing on end, and grabbing Subaru’s shoulder with his large, webbed fingers, he voiced,

Hiain: [What the hell were ya thinkin’!? No, how did’cha end up back in a Sparka in the first place…]

Subaru: [Punishment, yeah? Punishment.]

Hiain: [It was… punishment?]

Subaru: [Yeah. The other gladiators told me that if you disobey Gustav-san or the guards… the administration of the Island, you’ll be warned at first, and punished thereafter. Malicious offenders are subject to the curse.]

After speaking to several gladiators, he had made sure by corroborating it.

Everyone seemed to know Gustav’s desire to not waste gladiators and have their numbers reduced as much as possible, and there was a common understanding of the rules laid out.

Punishment―― in other words, forced participation in a Sparka performed by an unrelated Unit.

Subaru: [Sparka is a rite of passage for people who are going to become new gladiators, and those who have already become gladiators don’t participate. They have their own Units, so there’s no reason for them to do it.]

In addition, the Unit assembled for Sparka would be determined at random, composed of a selection of people who entered Gladiator Island at the time of the Sparka. In other words, choosing people one was compatible with, choosing people one liked, were both impossible.

Being paired with people whose capabilities, strong suits, or even identity were unknown, and being forced to work with them to defeat the Gladiator Beast in order to complete it, was quite the daunting task.

A dangerous deathmatch in which participation held no merit, but where the possibility of death was all too great.

It was unanimous among the gladiators’ statements, Sparka had been their toughest deathmatch on the Gladiator Island.

Subaru: [Well, now it seems that because of Ceci, there’s the perception that the deathmatches done with him are the worst.]

Hiain: [――. I get why ya joined that Sparka. But…]

Subaru: [But?]

Hiain: [In the first place! Why did’cha have to be punished? Y’know, it’s strange that ya could join the Sparka immediately after all that talk up there! It’s like…]

There, Hiain took a pause in his angered speech, letting his gaze wander.

Subaru shrugged his little shoulders at Hiain’s hesitance to speak the words remaining from that sentence. He sort of understood what Hiain wanted to say.

Subaru: [It’s like I was trying to help Orson and the others?]

Hiain: [――Hk.]

Subaru: [You’re not wrong. If I weren’t present, all of them would’ve been killed.]

In fact, even with Subaru, the situation of the battle was terrible.

Because to be as one with them, who were no better suited for fighting than Hiain, he had to start by becoming their ally, considering they were united as fellow lizardmen.

It was rather helpful, though, recalling seeing Chaosflame.

Subaru: [From what I got, you were all trying to get to Chaosflame?]

Hiain: [Wha…]

Subaru: [You should really talk about that kind of stuff. After all, you guys got to see each other again.]

As he said this, Subaru put his hand atop Hiain’s hand on his shoulder.

Hiain stared into Subaru’s black eyes with his slit-pupiled eyes wide open. Staring back at him, Subaru cocked his chin towards the five lizardmen.

The five, who had been basking in the joy of their survival, gradually regained composure enough to look around them; then one of them, Codley, noticed Hiain’s presence.

And then――,

Codley: [Hiain! It’s Hiain! He’s alive… He’s alive!]

Codley’s voice rang out with a jovial look on his face, and then the other four looked at Hiain. They all expressed their delight at Hiain’s presence, reacting positively to him.

Witnessing Hiain’s face contort seeing his fellow lizardmen’s reactions, Subaru spoke,

Subaru: [This is the chance I risked my life for. Savor it, bro.]

Slapping his hunched back, Subaru sent Hiain off in the direction of his comrades.

Hiain hesitated a few times, but then moved forward with faltering steps, and――,

Hiain: [S-Schwartz!]

Subaru: [Yeah?]

Hiain: […Thanks.]

With that said, Hiain walked up to the five lizardmen awaiting him.

Orson and the others held no animosity or malice toward Hiain, because Subaru already knew why the five had been captured and brought to the Gladiator Island.

There would be no reason for them to be at odds with each other, provided they were able to talk it over proper.

???: […Schwartz-sama?]

Subaru: [Whoa!]

As he watched Hiain’s reunion with his friends, he was startled by a voice from behind.

Having hopped into the air, so surprised that he broke out into a coughing fit, Subaru,

Subaru: [T-that was close… I almost died…! Don’t scare me like that!]

???: [That is what I ought to say! Why are you doing that so suddenly… Do you want to die!?]

Subaru: [No, I don’t want to die!?]

Tanza scolded Subaru, who turned around with his hand over his mouth, chastising him harshly.

The little girl’s vehement protests had Subaru shaking his head helplessly. Tanza, however, looked not at all convinced by this excuse.

Tanza: [I was very surprised to see you join their Sparka out of the blue. And knowing it was the result of you defying Governor Gustav, I cannot help but think you were throwing away your life because you felt it unneeded.]

Subaru: [That would be a misunderstanding. I don’t think there’s many people who understand the value of life better than I do, you know? That’s why I saved Hiain’s friends, too.]

Tanza: [I am speaking about your own life… I am glad that you were able to save them because it turned out well in the end, but from my point of view, there were many times when you were in a dangerous spot. This is simply a miracle.]

Subaru: [A miracle, huh.]

Dropping the tone of her voice, Tanza chided Subaru’s recklessness from a pragmatic point of view.

Just as she had stated, and it was probably true that there had been a number of harrowing moments as she watched. Subaru could understand why Tanza wished to call it a miracle. ――But it had not been one.

Subaru: [Miracles come from God, but this one’s my doing.]

Ergo, it had been no miracle.

It was proof that Natsuki Subaru had kicked away such a shitty fate.

Tanza: […You acted so recklessly just to help Hiain-sama’s companions? Or, is this just retaliation for your tit-for-tat with Segmunt-sama?]

Subaru: [No, it’s true that I was angry at Ceci, but I’d have to be really crazy to risk my life for that… You know, I had a good reason for saving Hiain’s friends.]

Tanza: [――――]

Subaru: [Those eyes are awfully filled with suspicion!]

It was amazing how steep a drop there had been in the persuasiveness of Subaru’s explanation.

With his shoulders slumped under Tanza’s distrustful gaze, as if she were looking at a criminal caught red-handed, Subaru muttered weakly “It’s true…”.

Tanza let out a small exhale at Subaru’s pathetic state.

Tanza: [Then, what is your goal, Schwartz-sama?]

Subaru: [It’s…]

As Tanza changed her attitude and moved on from the topic, Subaru turned around once more to answer her question.

Hiain and his five companions were talking together. Subaru could hear a subtle rise in the pitch of Hiain’s voice as he spoke.

That was why――,

Subaru: [Maybe we should wait a little longer before we talk about it.]

Tanza: […Schwartz-sama?]

Subaru: [Those eyes are awfully filled with suspicion!]

Exasperated by such a lack of trust in himself coming from her, Subaru surreptitiously stuck his finger in his mouth. Then, he double checked the position of the package hooked to a molar.

Subaru: [――――]

What laid there, was the last resort that Subaru had requested Old Man Null to concoct.

He had seized this loop by overcoming a desperate challenge, and he absolutely did not want to accidentally ruin it with an inadvertent mistake. He had to be very careful not to die from careless mistakes.

――Thinking this, Subaru stuffed the wrapped “drug” behind his molar.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Accordin’ to what Orson’s group said, it seems Chaosflame’s been destroyed.]

Tanza: [――――]

At the bitter-faced Hiain’s report, Tanza lowered her round eyebrows, her eyes cast downwards.

Even thought she had imagined the worst situation possible, that did not ease the shock of being told that it had actually come to pass. Even if someone knew they would trip and fall, it would hurt all the same once they fell down.

After Sparka was over, Orson and the others, having survived without a hitch and been welcomed as gladiators, were then led by the guards to show them around the Island’s facilities and common rooms.

Although they were comrades, they and Hiain were from different Units, so they could not be together, so Hiain had sheeply made his entrance in Subaru and Tanza’s room, who were in the same Unit as him.

And that was how he had shared the stories Subaru had wanted to know.

Hiain: [Ya wanted these kinda stories from the outside, right? Ya can’t get any information from outside if ya stay on this Island after all.]

Subaru: [It’s half and half. No, let’s make it about seven to three. The side with the seven’s the one where Hiain’s and Orson’s group are.]

Hiain: [What’re ya sayin’, ya creepy kid!]

Hiain spoke as if he meant it but, with his arms crossed, he turned away.

Subaru was glad to see that Hiain had gotten his feelings in order and had thought on what Subaru’s purpose in joining that Sparka had been.

Hiain’s expression seemed to brighten up somewhat, surely because he had been able to hear the important topics from Orson and the rest.

That was――,

Hiain: […Those idiots were caught tryin’ to get me back from the slave traders. There’s really no savin’ them.]

Subaru: [God and fate are both heartless. That’s why I helped them… Or should I say we?]

Hiain: [Heh, whaddya mean? In reality, ya’re the only one who participated in the Sparka.]

Subaru: [Hiain, you got down on your knees with snot running down your nose and requested earnestly, I beg of you to help me, please, Schwartz-sama…]

Hiain: [Don’t talk nonsense!]

A hand stretched out and grabbed his head and shook him about and about. Then, letting go of the now-dizzy Subaru, the sniffling Hiain noticed Tanza’s state.

Hiain called out to the girl with a “Pipsqueak” as she remained with her eyes cast down after hearing the story about Chaosflame.

Hiain: [Are you feeling down about Chaosflame? Why…]

Tanza: […Chaosflame is my hometown. When the city was near collapse, it…]

Hiain: [I-I see… That, that’s it, that’s it, huh.]

Hiain’s eyes swayed from side-to-side, puzzled by the unexpected reply. His character of being vulnerable to accidents had slipped out, but he immediately shouted, “But!”,

Hiain: [It certainly seems that the town was destroyed, but story is, the people who lived there didn’t get wiped out. Everyone from that town went to a different place… Uhm, it ain’t easy to explain, but…]

Tanza: [It is hard, to explain…?]

Hiain: [Nah, I just dunno how much of it I should believe.]

With that preamble, Hiain hesitated about what words to say next. But, the interests of Tanza and Subaru were directed towards the follow-up to his story.

Having sensed that, Hiain breathed a heavy sigh and then,

Hiain: [Apparently, there’s a big rebellion goin’ on outside. The lot from Chaosflame’re said to be joinin’ that rebellion. Well, story goes that the head of the Demon City raised rebellions every-so-often, and the city was also obliterated as a result of her foolishness… Eek.]

Tanza: [――Yorna-sama is not foolish.]

Hiain: [I-I’m sorry! I ain’t really gettin’ why, but I’m sorry!]

Hiain, apologizing quickly, squeaked out a frightened voice at Tanza’s sharp gaze.

Once again, Hiain was incurring the wrath of someone else with his unnecessary bravado, but behind him, Subaru found some points of relief in what he had just said.

Of course, that was assuming he believed everything in what Hiain had relayed from his conversation with Orson’s group.

Subaru: [Chaosflame may be done for, but Yorna-san and the townspeople are fine. If there’s talk of rebellion, it looks like Abel and the others are safe and sound.]

The battle to retake the Imperial Capital would not be able to proceed with Abel gone.

In other words, Abel was still alive. He hoped that Medium, Taritta, and even Al were also safe. ――Hopefully Louis was also safe by Yorna’s side.

Subaru: […As I thought, there’s no time to waste.]

Upon obtaining even a partial idea of the situation outside, Subaru’s desire to go outside grew stronger.

Naturally, he was worried about everybody in Chaosflame, but also the people in Guaral, whom Yorna and Abel’s group would try to converge with―― about Rem.

He had a feeling that, if she were to find out he’d been shrunken, assuredly, she would get angry with him again.

Subaru: [――. Even though I really wanted to show Rem my reliable aspects.]

Personally, he thought that he was now in better shape, his head clearer, but Subaru could not justify the fact that his outward appearance lacked persuasive power. The fact that Tanza was constantly shifting her eyes to him in suspicion, was probably not unrelated to his small body.

In any case――,

Subaru: [Mhm, I got it. Thanks, Hiain, you helped me out.]

Hiain: [The ones who got helped out were my… Well, whatever, as long as ya get it.]

Hiain gave Subaru an awkward reply, the latter having thanked him. Giving a small chuckle at the way he was answered, Subaru was thinking he should follow-up on Tanza’s side.

???: [――Schwartz, the Governor’s calling for you.]

Outside the common room, the voice of a guard of the Gladiator Island, clad in a black uniform, called out. Hearing that summon, Hiain’s expression stiffened, and Tanza’s eyes widened in surprise.

She looked at the guard,

Tanza: [Governor Gustav is calling for Schwartz-sama? Why…]

Guard: [I haven’t heard. There’s also no reason to converse. Obey, quietly. Or else…]

Subaru: [It’s alright! I’d go with you obediently even if you weren’t being so hostile… By the way, would you punish me in case I didn’t comply?]

Guard: [――――]

Subaru: [Kidding, kidding.]

Faced with Subaru’s talkativeness, who had one eye closed, the guard, who was in the prime of his life, contorted his lips.

It was obvious that he was not very fond of Subaru. Of course he wasn’t. This guard happened to have been present when Subaru had been talking with Gustav before the Sparka.

This was because he was also someone who had seen the trigger for Subaru to participate in Sparka, or in other words, he had been present when Subaru had become subject to punishment. From his point of view, Subaru’s true nature would seem like a mystery.

Because he was ready to join a Sparka of his own volition, he was surely a kid who was out of his mind.

Subaru: [Well, I’m heading out for a bit. Tanza, please be a good girl and wait for me.]

Tanza: […Though it is you, Schwartz-sama, do take care to moderate your mischief.]

Subaru: [Yeaah, I can’t argue with that.]

At Tanza’s stifled tone of voice, Subaru’s wry smile grew deeper and deeper. With that, obeying the guard who silently urged him to hurry up, Subaru left the room.

Just then, Hiain called out towards Subaru’s back with a “Schwartz”.

Hiain: [Uhm, well…]

Subaru: [Hmm? What’s up?]

Hiain: [Ah, no… T-take care of yerself. It’ll be us who’ll be in trouble if the number of people in our Unit decreases, even if ya are how ya are, after all.]

Subaru’s face became puzzled at those disingenuous words of concern. Then he immediately spit out a “Pfft” and nodded back at Hiain.

Subaru: [Yep, I know. Well, see you later.]

With a wave of his hand, Subaru temporarily parted from Tanza and Hiain. Then, while following the back of the guard walking in front of him,

Subaru: [Was Gustav-san angry?]

Guard: […The Governor is not one to get emotional. Unlike me.]

Upon the implication that he should not provoke him with any unnecessary words, Subaru ducked his head in dejection.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And thus, the two of them saw Subaru off as he was taken away by the guards.

Weitz: [Hey, what did that Schwartz kid do…]

Idra: [Just now, what the guards took him away for, was it for something other than the Sparka?]

With those words, Weitz and Idra showed up in the room where Tanza and Hiain had stayed behind. They, too, had watched Subaru’s Sparka from the spectators’ seats.

Naturally, there were many things they had wanted to ask Subaru, the perpetrator of such recklessness.

Although, while they had not been as cornered as Hiain had been, it was not like their tempers would have been as short as to make them jump down from the spectator seats, but――,

Weitz: [Tanza, are ya aware of what’s going on?]

Tanza: […I am both somewhat aware and unaware, it is complicated. It seems that Schwartz-sama is hiding things from me as well.]

Weitz: [He’s a suspicious guy… Tho’ he has some skills in his own way…]

After Tanza spoke, whose eyes were turned down, Weitz and Idra exchanged glances and heaved a sigh.

Listening to the conversation of those three, Hiain remained silently still. Although he was a lizardman, making it difficult to discern his expression, his eyes, swaying from side-to-side, made it obvious that he was worrying about something.

As a result, the three called out to him with “Hiain”, “Hiain” and “Hiain-sama” respectively, and,

Idra: [What’s with that face…]

Hiain: [No, ya guys… a-are also aware that, that Schwartz kid got mixed up in the Sparka on purpose… Right?]

Idra: [That’s… what it seems everybody thought, upon seeing that situation.]

Idra answered the faltering Hiain’s words, and Tanza and Weitz both nodded their heads in agreement.

This seemed to be the common understanding of all the gladiators who had witnessed the battle in the gladiatorial arena. Then, from anyone’s perspective, the Sparka held during the present day would not have been a success without Subaru’s active participation.

Weitz: [For me, I dunno what his intentions were in doin’ that, but…]

Hiain: [――. I ain’t got any idea either. But, but.]

Weitz: [――? But, what?]

Hiain: [I ain’t exactly sure why he did that, but why he was able to do that, y’know, maybe…]

Ya might get it , as he continued with that, the three aside from Hiain also seemed to understand.

The question was not why Subaru had joined the Sparka, but how Subaru had joined the Sparka and been able to survive. Tanza aside, that question was one not unrelated to Weitz and Idra.

Therefore, as he was met with a look of intense interest, Hiain gulped down his spit.

And then――,

Hiain: [Somethin’ I heard, uhh, from those people who just came from outside… is that there seems to be a rumor goin’ ‘round that the illegitimate son of the Emperor’s out there somewhere. So, here’s the thing――]

Everyone: [――――]

Hiain: [――The rumor’s ’bout a brat, with black hair and black eyes.]

--- Chapter 68: Guidance of the Sword Wolf ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Gustav: [――Wait for a moment, Schwartz. Now, let me look over this until I get to a good place to leave off.]

Having said this, Gustav did not even take a fleeting glance towards Subaru, whom he had summoned to the room. His gaze remained cast towards the desk, upon the letter in his hands.

Led by the guard, Subaru had been brought to the highest stratum of Ginunhive. Behind a door that looked luxurious, Subaru was greeted by a simple, plain room.

Contained inside the spacious room was nothing except a desk to be used for work, a bookshelf to be used for work, and a toolbox to be used for work. Since the room was too spacious for someone to know what to do with it, it was possible that there had been more things filling it originally.

The room to be used by the Governor, which had been stripped of everything unnecessary for his work, had a very tidy look to it; displaying Gustav’s no-playing-around nature pretty well, it was conversely reassuring.

Subaru: [You tell me to wait until you find a good place to stop, but there aren’t any chairs.]

Subaru was at a loss when Gustav had ordered him to wait in the room.

But having been told to wait, he had no other options. With nothing to do for the moment, Subaru looked around the room until his eyes encountered a person who gave off a feeling of being out-of-place.

Subaru had found them, or rather, found them casually waving towards himself, the other person a sodden look on his face.

???: [Heyhey, Basu, you sure worked hard. You got some business with Gustav-san?]

Subaru suppressed a sigh and walked up to the fake Cecilus, the one who’d spoken to him in such an easygoing tone.

Wondering what he could say, the relationship between Subaru and the fake Cecilus had become a bit more complicated again. To an extent, Subaru’s participation in Sparka had been the result of the fake Cecilus’s incitement.

Although Subaru did think he would have joined the Sparka even if there had been no dispute――,

Subaru: [Ceci, I still really wanted to get back at you, there’s no doubt in that.]

Cecilus: [My! Getting back at me sure’s quite the ambitious goal. Is that why you joined Sparka? If so, then sorry.]

Subaru: [You’re sorry?]

Cecilus: [No, you see, I didn’t go to see the Sparka that was going on earlier.]

Subaru’s jaw dropped due to the fake Cecilus’s answer, the latter sticking out his tongue in a quite indifferent manner. However, a surge of anger for screaming “You bastard” arose immediately.

Subaru himself had become quite determined to prove him wrong, and Subaru himself had also rushed in for the sake of having Cecilus take back what he had said, by having him see it with his own eyes.

Subaru: [Y-you, YOU BASTARD…!]

Cecilus: [Nownownownow, don’t be angry! Okayokay, I do understand your feelings of wanting to be angry, but it happens to be the case that I have my reasons too!]

Subaru: [Then how about you let me hear them! They better be good, or else…]

Cecilus: [I mean, I knew the outcome even without seeing it, y’know? Basu would’ve finished it quickly with a perfect showdown. Then there’d be no reason for me to go, since my life wasn’t on the line after all.]

Subaru: [――――]

Since he displayed no reaction to any amount of hounding, Subaru backed away from the fake Cecilus and his unchanging mannerisms.

Being honest with himself, Subaru was aware that for everything he had done, it was only natural for Hiain to call him a creepy little brat――,

Subaru: [For someone on the outside, it’d be pretty fitting to also call Ceci a creepy little brat…]

Cecilus: [It may be that the people who achieve supremacy will always be incomprehensible to others, y’know. In this case, both Basu and I fall into that category.]

Subaru: [Well, you really seem to think highly of me.]

Cecilus: [Yes, by now I’m pretty much convinced. So rest assured, and continue to pull off unconventional, off-the-mark, daring and misguided acts!]

Subaru: [I don’t want to be off-the-mark or misguided though!]

Subaru’s lips twisted in protest at the fake Cecilus, who was half-mindedly spouting a bunch of words along that sort. Then, at the tail end of their back-and-forth, there was the heavy sound of a slam on the desk.

Upon looking, the one to have made that noise had been Gustav, having finished reading the letter.

Gustav rested his chin on two of his crossed arms, placing the remaining two arms atop the desk. Subaru was impressed that with four arms, he could do nifty things like these.

Subaru: [I wonder, if you were to put all four hands together, would it be too big to put your chin on?]

Cecilus: [Well, that’s a good question. Gustav-san’s got an adequately large face, so it may be that, surprisingly, stacking four hands on top of each other would make it the perfect size. Could you put them on top of each other for a minute?]

Gustav: [Do you two lack the consideration to be quiet? Common sense would dictate that, if you are waiting for someone to read a letter, silence would be valued.]

Subaru & Cecilus: [But you didn’t say anything…]

Their quibble had been a childish one devoid of logic, yet regardless, Subaru’s and the fake Cecilus’s excuses overlapped.

Because of that, Subaru’s feelings towards Gustav had become those of guilt. Sharing the same view as the fake Cecilus meant that Subaru had behaved in an absurd fashion.

Subaru: [Gustav-san, I’m sorry. I’m at fault here…]

Cecilus: [Aren’t those thoughts of yours sorta just thoughts of seeking acceptance? Be that as it may, since you’ve admitted your fault, I’m going to blame everything here on Basu.]

Gustav: [Schwartz is, in my appraisal as the official, humbler for having uttered an apology. In addition, I, in my capacity, do not recall granting Segmunt permission to enter this room.]

Subaru: [Oh, is that so? Well then, why are you here, Ceci?]

Cecilus: [Naturally, that’s because my plans are to be where I want to be, when I want to be there. No one on this island can put shackles on my freedom, so I think that’s a reasonable way to go about it.]

Nonchalantly, the fake Cecilus uttered about how he conformed to nobody. Subaru looked to Gustav with trepidation, but the Chief of the Island was still conflicted, his eyes closed and his brow furrowed.

It seemed that the fake Cecilus’s remarks were no lie, but of course, Gustav was not willing to overlook the situation, is how his position seemed to be.

But――,

Subaru: [No one can stop Ceci, huh?]

Cecilus: [Yes, that’s right. It’s so-called special treatment. Namely, towards the leading actor of this world.]

Subaru: [I don’t really get what that means, but…]

Although expressed in a peculiar way, it was not hard to understand what the false Cecilus had been trying to say.

Only, were the fake Cecilus to not be mistaken in his statements, another major inconsistency would arise. Such a contradiction was something that Subaru could not ignore.

Subaru: [Umm, so, Gustav-san, I was told you wanted to see me, but… is it okay if Ceci stays here and listens to us?]

Gustav: [――. Segmunt.]

Cecilus: [Please don’t bother. Nobody’d be able to drive me out. Don’t worry, if what you talk about’s related to me, it’ll reach my ears, and if it’s not about me, I’ll forget about it quickly. My ability to forget’s amazing. It’s even possible that I’m forgetting a lot of important things at this very moment.]

Subaru: [That’s not amazing at all…]

Both Subaru and Gustav had given up because of the fake Cecilus’s insolence, the latter puffing his chest out.

Finally, without the room’s occupants changing, Subaru headed towards Gustav, just in front of him. The fake Cecilus watched on with his hands folded behind his head and his back against the wall.

It was an inspection by a terribly strange “actor”.

Subaru: [Forget about Ceci in the back, you called me――]

Gustav: [Of course, it is a warning of punishment for your case of misconduct.]

Subaru: […Aren’t you being roundabout on that?]

A low voice interrupted his statement, and Subaru frowned as he muttered.

As per the rules of the Gladiator Island, after the warning came the punishment, and supposedly, after that, lay a death at the hands of the curse rule. Regardless of the final conclusion, for a warning to come after the punishment was the incorrect order of things.

As Subaru pointed this out, Gustav’s expression did not even twitch.

Gustav: [Schwartz, you made a statement before me, the official, that threatened to disturb the order of the Gladiator Island. You ignored the warning, and consequently reached the stage to be administered punishment. Are you not aware of this?]

Subaru: […Yeah, I am.]

Gustav: [Then, you must vow to never speak of it again before me, as the official. ――Never speak that you are planning to escape this island, or that you possess any other plan to oppose the will of His Excellency the Emperor.]

His expression remained unchanging and unmoving. The look in his eyes and the tonality of his pupils also did not change. His tone of voice had a quietness akin to a giant boulder, yet it produced an overwhelming air of intimidation.

If he were a bit more emotional, such as being angry or annoyed, then it would be easier for Subaru to understand. However, neither anger nor annoyance resided within Gustav.

Subaru: [An absurdly strong sense of duty.]

Gustav: [――――]

Subaru: [Gustav-san, do you owe His Excellency the Emperor a debt of gratitude?]

Gustav: [Are you attempting to sidestep the question?]

Subaru: [Nothing of the sort.]

He did not intend to sidestep it, nor was he in a position to.

Gustav did not seem like he was willing to let Subaru leave without getting a firm pledge from him. Therefore, Subaru’s question came from suspicion and interest towards the genuine Gustav.

Since, he roughly understood the position of the person Gustav called His Excellency the Emperor.

Gustav: [I have no personal connection with His Excellency the Emperor. As Governor, I have been entrusted with the management of this island. To endeavor, in my capacity, in the professional duties of my position, that is only natural, is it not?]

Subaru: [You’re saying that being overly serious is just your personality?]

Gustav: [It is somewhat dishonest to describe the performance of one’s natural duties as being serious, though, is it not?]

Subaru ducked his head, not having intended to make fun of him, but it had been taken as a slanderous remark.

Nevertheless, Gustav’s answer was not what Subaru desired. Whether this was Gustav’s true intention, or a front to hide it, he did not know.

It was something that was impossible to know about Gustav without learning more about him.

Subaru: [In Gustav-san’s case, I don’t think I’d be able to gain his trust even if I tried five or ten times…]

Subaru’s successes to date had been due to what he believed to be a kind of “suspension bridge effect”, created by the extreme conditions in which he had been placed.

In the midst of Sparka, where lives were on the line, Subaru’s words, spoken with an air of knowledge, seemed to pull everyone’s attention away from their own situation.

Getting to know them was the biggest reason why Natsuki Subaru had been able to surmount the Sparka.

However, this method was quite difficult to pull off outside of Sparka.

Gustav: [――Schwartz, what is with that face?]

Subaru: [No, I was wondering how I should melt Gustav-san’s frozen heart.]

Gustav: [There is no such correlation between heart and ice. I ask you to refrain from speaking in the same manner as Segmunt. For the sake of not increasing the seeds of headache burdening me, in my capacity.]

Subaru’s frivolous comments were answered seriously, and there was a hint of a laugh from the fake Cecilus in the back.

Subaru and Gustav exchanged glances as they cooperated to ignore it. Then, they returned to the question that had not been answered once more.

Gustav: [You must once again pledge, Schwartz. That above your activities as a gladiator of this Island, you shall obey me in my capacity as the Governor. ――You shall refrain from doing anything that goes against the will of His Excellency the Emperor.]

Subaru: [――――]

Closing his eyes, Subaru repeated Gustav’s statement in his head.

Upon making a proud declaration that he would leave the Island, Subaru had been given a warning by Gustav, and when he still did not correct it, Gustav had sent him to Sparka with the goal of punishing him.

If what the gladiators had stated was correct, the warning would be followed by a punishment, and if that had no effect, then the penalty of the curse rule would ensue.

Then, there was something Subaru had to make sure of no matter what. It was the confirmation that was absolutely necessary for Subaru and the others to get off the Gladiator Island――.

Gustav: [Schwartz, your answer――]

Subaru: [――Definitely, NO !]

Gustav: [――――]

In response to the low, insistent question, Subaru proudly raised his voice, his chest puffed out.

Gustav’s brow furrowed at the answer as he went silent. After seeing this quietude, Subaru immediately understood that the true meaning of his words had not been conveyed in the way he had just said them, and so rephrasing them was necessary.

Subaru: [ No means I refuse. I’m sorry, but I can’t accept what you say, Gustav-san. I’ve already decided that I’m going to get out of here, no matter how stupid it may be.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Breaking down the words that may not have been conveyed, Subaru so declared once more.

That he would escape from Gladiator Island Ginunhive, spoken to none other than the Island’s Governor himself, Gustav Morello, with complete confidence.

Gustav: [――――]

Subaru’s answer was not what Gustav had sought, of course. He let the astounding sternness of his face simmer, without changing his expression or the intensity of his eyes.

Simmering, like magma waiting to erupt――,

Gustav: [Schwar――]

Cecilus: [Ah-hahahahahahaha!]

A moment later, a high-pitched laugh coercively disturbed the magma about to erupt.

The one laughing hysterically was the fake Cecilus, at the back of the room, nonchalantly eavesdropping on their conversation.

The fake Cecilus, as he laughed hysterically, wiped away tears from his eyes with his fingers.

Cecilus: [Definitely no ! Definitely no , he says. I don’t know what “ no ” means, but I personally really like it because it gives me a strong sense of rebellion! Wooow, Basu, you just don’t know fear, do you? Well, I don’t dislike it, rather, I quite like it.]

Subaru: [I see. Well, I think of Ceci as a creepy little brat.]

Cecilus: [Ahahahaha!]

The fake Cecilus never stopped laughing, as he slapped and stomped his feet on the spot.

Despite the fake Cecilus’s uproarious laughter pouring cold water on them, Subaru’s words of rejection to Gustav had not wore away.

Gustav: [Schwartz, as the official, I have warned you and punished you for not recanting your comments. Furthermore, I have given you another chance to rectify your attitude, yet you still possess no intention of doing so?]

Subaru: […Yeah, I don’t hate you or anything, Gustav-san. It’s the Empire I hate.]

Gustav: [In my capacity, I do not possess the right to twist your subjective opinion about liking or disliking individuals.]

Implication was, Gustav had stated he did not care if he was disliked, but it was true that Subaru did not dislike Gustav. Subaru did not know him well enough to decide whether he liked or disliked him.

To make a decision about someone based on first impressions would be such a ridiculous decision.

Subaru: [That is, unless they kiss the hand of a girl I like of course.]

Gustav: [――?]

Subaru: [I was talking to myself, about someone completely unrelated to this.]

Subaru glanced at Gustav, regretting the words that came out of his mouth so suddenly.

From Gustav’s point of view, Subaru must have been the most troublesome child to deal with. Even though he had sent Subaru to Sparka under the guise of punishment, Subaru had not shown any repentance.

Gustav had certainly realized that Subaru had not taken it as punishment.

And if that were to happen――,

Subaru: [Will you actually reprimand me, aside from warning and punishing me? Gustav-san.]

Gustav: [――. If you do not recant your opinion, at worst, I, in my capacity, am compelled to do so in accordance with the power vested in me, as the official.]

Subaru: [I, see… Then, why don’t you do it?]

Gustav: [――――]

Tilting his head, Subaru replied to Gustav as if it were nothing.

Hearing Subaru’s words, Gustav’s expression shifted slightly. It was not the action of wrinkling his brow, nor of rubbing it, but rather, his cheeks stiffened.

It was not that he was pondering it over, but it was rather the reaction of one who had been hit in a sore spot.

Subaru: [You can use it to punish me, the curse rule that’s been put on all the gladiators on the Island. I’m a cheeky brat who doesn’t do as he is told at all, and Gustav-san’s the Governor here, so making an example out of me should be perfectly acceptable. You can do it. But…]

Gustav: [――――]

Subaru: [Gustav-san, you won’t do it. ――No, I don’t think you can do it.]

There was no rebuttal from Gustav, who was thrust into silence.

Subaru probed for what the silence meant, as he continued with his thoughts.

The curse rule was the main reason why the gladiators of the Island were afraid and restricted in their actions.

The gladiators, having been inscribed with the curse mark, could be deprived of their life, at the will of the Governor, Gustav. Subaru suspected that Gustav was unable to utilize that deterrent.

Subaru: [I asked Old Man Null, the geezer gladiator who’s been living here for a long time. He said that, before Gustav-san’s arrival, the Gladiator Island was a lawless place, and more people died from injuries or illnesses. But things have changed a lot since Gustav-san arrived. Fewer people die.]

Gustav: [It is the natural duty of the Chief. To begin with, a gladiator should use their life for the Island’s shows, and they should avoid losing their lives due to other factors as much as possible. Other than shows, the same is true for daily deathmatches. Opportunities are provided to maintain tension and competence, but it is equally important to avoid dying in situations other than the real thing.]

Subaru: [Yeah, Gustav-san wants to prevent the unnecessary loss of gladiators as much as possible. I’ve felt that too, from the days I’ve spent here. Surprisingly, you’ve got good employee welfare.]

Cecilus: [ Emplowyi wellfaire , more words I don’t know that get my heart racing!] [1]

The fake Cecilus got caught on something in Subaru’s questioning, but Subaru was not going to play dictionary.

Even for Subaru, this was a moment most important.

Subaru: [I think the reason deaths are allowed in Sparka is to maintain the quality of the gladiators, and maybe to keep the other gladiators on their toes.]

Gustav: [――――]

Subaru: [I said it earlier but, once you become a gladiator, the rules here are much more lenient. But, it’s not desirable for gladiators to learn to slack off in their lives here. Therefore, they have to participate in Sparka. That makes them more nervous, but also… reassured.]

Gustav: [Reassured, how?]

Subaru: [It’s relieving that we managed to become gladiators. That’s how we’re reassured.]

To Gustav’s question, Subaru answered while clearly looking him in the eye.

When Subaru had thought about the purpose behind Gustav’s actions, that was the feeling that seemed correct in more than one way. There was, of course, the possibility of having missed the point, but there was not much to lose by asking.

There would only be something to lose when being laughed at, or when being flatly denied.

Gustav: [――――]

But Gustav chose neither; he instead remained silent.

Subaru: […Gustav-san wants to prevent the gladiators’ deaths as much as possible… On the other hand, he doesn’t want gladiators to get carried away or become insubordinate. That’s why Sparkas are used. When I think about it that way, it just feels right.]

Gustav: [Sounds like a reasonable theory. But, it is not reasonable evidence as to why I, as the official, am not activating the curse rule. It is merely your wishful thinking.]

Subaru: [There’s one more basis for this… Someone who’s rebellious and gets carried away, Ceci.]

Cecilus: [Huh, what about me?]

Subaru stuck up a thumb and pointed towards his back, prompting the fake Cecilus to widen his eyes at Subaru. When Gustav’s eyes glanced in that direction, Subaru nodded broadly.

The fake Cecilus was a cut above the rest of the gladiators in his unruly behavior, including him having openly participated in the discussion between Subaru and Gustav.

Naturally, some sort of warning and punishment should have been given to the fake Cecilus, but that bore no effect on him at all, in a way different from Subaru. If that was the case, it would not be surprising if the fake Cecilus would be punished before Subaru.

Subaru: [And yet, Ceci’s safe. Although, it’s possible that Ceci’s Gustav-san’s personal favorite, but that doesn’t seem to be the case considering you, Gustav-san.]

Gustav: [Quite discerning. As the official, I do not hold any favor towards Segmunt. I am firm in not letting any likes or dislikes reflect in my duties.]

Cecilus: [Heyheyhey? Are you telling me that people don’t like me? Good grief, sorry for taking center stage everywhere I go.]

Subaru: [Your mental strength is too much…]

The fake Cecilus was quite unconcerned in spite of the rather direct accusation. It would be difficult to grow to have his kind of personality without having been that bold.

Regardless, the continued existence of the fake Cecilus was a fairly strong basis for Subaru’s theory.

In other words――,

Subaru: [Ceci isn’t being punished either. I’m as much or more of an eyesore to Gustav-san as Ceci is. On top of that, what do you make of my refusal to do what you just said?]

Gustav: [――――]

Subaru: [Do you intend to punish me with the curse rule…? Gustav-san, what will you do?]

Gustav’s eyes narrowed subtly in response to Subaru’s question.

Gustav, the man of the Multi-Arm Tribe, his four arms atop the desk, had his chin planted on two of them and the other two resting on the desk as if hugging it, while Subaru waited for his answer.

With those statements of his, Subaru’s intentions had certainly been conveyed to Gustav.

Telling him to do it, provoking him―― that was not what Subaru was doing. Rather, he was trying to confirm.

――That there was no such thing as a “curse rule” that held the gladiators’ lives in its hands.

Gustav: [――――]

Gustav was intimidating with his stern appearance and oppressive demeanor, but he believed him to be very careful in his management of the Island.

Whatever his intentions in following the instructions of the Emperor were, and despite his appearance, Gustav had managed to govern the gladiators of the Island not by violence, but with rules.

If one were to overcome Sparka and become a gladiator, because of their newfound situation, the gladiators would soften up and not become unruly. And if he were to keep them on their toes by holding Sparkas regularly, making them think that participating in another Sparka was not within their wishes, then he would not have anyone wanting to fall prey to the curse rule that laid ahead of punishment.

With that two-sided safety net, the non-existent curse rule’s chain, so to speak, kept the gladiators’ feet tied to the ground.

This was Subaru’s understanding of the true form of the “curse rule” system that enveloped the Gladiator Island.

And whether this was correct or not, would be revealed by Gustav’s subsequent actions.

If he were provoked and the existence of the curse questioned, all the rules that Gustav had laid down would be circumvented.

To prevent this, Subaru would definitely have to be punished by the curse rule.

Gustav: [――――]

Subaru continued to stare at Gustav, attempting to discern the answer.

Faced with Subaru’s gaze, Gustav remained silent for a while, and then――.

Gustav: [――. I shall punish you. Schwartz, I shall send you to the next Sparka.]

――And so, as if giving in, Gustav did not dispossess Subaru of his life.

△▼△▼△▼△

Cecilus: [That did give off the feeling of a complete victory for sure, but how are you feeling, Basu?]

As soon as they left Gustav’s office, the fake Cecilus, right next to him, inquired that of him.

Seeing that carefree attitude, Subaru let out a big sigh.

Subaru: [What are you saying? Are you my enemy, Ceci? Or my ally?]

Cecilus: [Gosh, that’s an odd question. I’m the one who went to the trouble of pulling you and the deergirl out of the lake, remember? Considering that you and your companion might’ve died had I not been there, doesn’t it make my position obvious?]

Subaru: [Yeah, sure. Well, are you my enemy? Or my ally?]

Cecilus: [Which of the two do you think is more interesting?]

Subaru asked once more, paying no attention to his long, useless monologue, to which the fake Cecilus answered with a question.

It was a flippant question, making Subaru feel annoyed for a moment, but it possessed a wholly different tenor in comparison from his stare-down against Gustav.

The exchange with Gustav had been a critical turning point that could make a big difference going forward.

But, the question of the fake Cecilus was――,

Subaru: [It doesn’t matter which one I say, Ceci’ll decide according to his mood at the time.]

Cecilus: [Spot on. By the way, I’ll say I’m leaning toward your side at this point. For now, my intuition’s whispering to me that it’d be more interesting to watch Basu’s bizarre activities. However, even I can’t trust my mood, so do be plenty cautious.]

Subaru: [I’d like you to at least have a good grip on your own steering wheel …]

Rather than simply being a moody person, the fake Cecilus was a very dangerous moody person.

He thought it was amazing how the protagonists of various games and manga chose their party members so well, like they were accompanied by battle freaks and berserkers.

When he thought about it, he had always struggled to select party members ever since he had come to the Empire. Because of that, Subaru felt sorry for himself.

Subaru: [My Emiliase and Beatromin deficiency’s about to reach lethal levels.]

Cecilus: [Hoho, again with the unfamiliar words. Are these also local words from Basu’s hometown?]

Subaru: [More like terms I coined, the dream substances that make up half of my being.]

Like a medicine half made of kindness, to say that half of Subaru’s being was made of affection for his loved ones would be no exaggeration. It was an exaggeration, but he would stand by it.

That was why the dialogue with Gustav earlier had been so significant.

Subaru: [It’s annoying that Ceci was right, but it certainly got the desired response.]

Cecilus: [Joining in the next punishment? Or…]

Subaru: [Naturally, I’m talking about not being killed by the curse rule. As for Sparka… Well, yeah.]

Subaru, against the wishes of His Excellency the Emperor, had publicly declared his intention to escape the Island. Seeing that Gustav had not punished him with its utilization, the invocation of the curse rule was a virtual impossibility―― No, Gustav was unable to do such thing.

And because of that confirmation, he was given the punishment of participating in the next Sparka.

Cecilus: [In any case, it’s not a harsh blow for Basu, since he was planning to participate in Sparka anyways.]

Subaru: [I think it’s a bit of an exaggeration to say that I was planning to do it anyway. I wouldn’t want to participate in a scary event like Sparka if I didn’t have to.]

Cecilus: [I see, I see, got it. It’s a stock phrase to liven things up, right?]

Subaru: [It’s not though!?]

Subaru brushed the back of his molar with his tongue as he replied to the fake Cecilus’s unjust suspicion.

Should he attend another Sparka as he had this day, he would still have to rely on the “drug”. It was a depressing thought, but unavoidable.

In any case――,

Subaru: [Another plan in my mind’s moved forward. I don’t know how much longer my relationship with Ceci’ll last, but don’t be… No, don’t get in my way.]

Cecilus: [I’ll keep those words in mind as they were spoken after all kinds of struggles. Now, what in the world are you going to do, Basu…?]

Subaru: [――?]

During this talk of theirs, Subaru and the fake Cecilus were descending to the living quarters where gladiators were gathered. Subaru’s eyes widened at the sound of the fake Cecilus’s strange remark, and he turned his head to look in the direction he was looking――,

???: [――Schwartz-sama.]

The one to call out to Subaru, while standing at the end of the group that occupied the table in the middle of the hall, was Tanza.

In the hall where Subaru and the fake Cecilus had arrived, in the area for meals, the largest number of gladiators he had ever seen was present. And in their center, were the members of Subaru’s Unit.

It seemed strange that the antisocial Weitz, the socially anxious Idra, and the reserved Tanza would be there. That Hiain, loud and full of false bravado as he was, was there was not so strange, though.

But what surprised Subaru more than the unexpectedness of such a line-up was the fact that――,

Subaru: [Uhh, what’s wrong with everyone? Everything got quiet all of a sudden.]

Scratching his cheek, Subaru so asked of the people in the hall, wearing a forced smile.

For some reason, as soon as Subaru and the fake Cecilus entered the room, everyone went quiet and stared intently as if they were scrutinizing them.

Everyone: [――――]

Keeping silent, they steadily observed Subaru and Cecilus―― No, they observed Subaru.

That was the first thing that made him uncomfortable. He could understand the reason for their reaction if they had seen the fake Cecilus and sank into silence.

Because the fake Cecilus was a creepy brat, feared and hated by the gladiators.

However, it was not the fake Cecilus they were looking at, but Subaru.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, we have been awaiting your return.]

Then, Tanza slowly approached Subaru, still puzzled over their reaction.

Her polite words made Subaru’s skin crawl, as he responded “Oh, yeah”. Even though Tanza’s polite way of speaking was normal for her, for some reason there was a pervading feeling of tension.

Or rather, it was not Subaru and Tanza who were brimming with tension, but the atmosphere of the entire hall. The room was ill at ease, and that sense unconsciously made him choke up.

Subaru: [You said you were waiting for me to come back… Oh, you were wondering why Gustav-san called me, right? Sorry to worry you. It went fine and…]

Tanza: [No, that is inconsequential.]

Subaru: [Inconsequential!?]

Tanza: [――More importantly…]

Subaru was surprised to be cut off so quickly, but was silenced by Tanza, who quickly approached him. He recoiled with an “Oof” at how forceful she had been, only to be caught from behind by the fake Cecilus.

Taking a look, Subaru saw that the fake Cecilus, who seemed as cheery as ever, had blocked his escape route, his face one that conveyed that his head was empty of thoughts. It pissed Subaru off.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, I have a question I would like to ask you. Would you please answer?]

Subaru: [O-ouh, um, yes, sure. If it’s something I can answer…]

Tanza: [――Schwartz-sama, about your father.]

Subaru: […About my dad?]

Tanza posed him a question with a meek look on her face, and Subaru frowned, not understanding what she meant.

Tanza had come to Subaru with such momentum, putting on such important airs, querying him about his father. What was more, it seemed that the question was not being raised by Tanza, and only Tanza.

Subaru: [――――]

The heat in the gazes of the gladiators staring at Subaru was growing stronger.

Hiain, Weitz, Idra, and naturally the other gladiators too, were all holding their breath, seemingly paying undue attention to what Subaru would reply with to Tanza’s question.

None of it made any sense to him at all.

However――,

Subaru: [Just so you know, if I tell you about my dad, it’ll be a long story, okay?]

Tanza: [Please try to be brief.]

Subaru: [You asked and then you put a condition on it!? Huh, come on, already!]

Scratching his head in a rough way, Subaru sullenly grumbled, “Ugh~”. But that sort of attitude did nothing to divert Tanza and the others’ interest.

Subaru did not understand why the topic of telling them about his father was brought up, but.

Subaru: [My dad’s my idol. He’s super cool, loads of people love him, and he’s always at the center of everyone’s attention. What can I say, he’s got charisma … Like he was born with the disposition of a natural leader , he’s amazing.]

Tanza: [――! Always at the center of a great number of people…]

Subaru: [He’s got a lot of people depending on him, and his work seems tough too, but he always has time for me and he teaches me a lot of things… I, you know, I respect him a whole lot. He’s super cool.]

Tanza: [――――]

As he spoke, the face of his father, the face of his mother, the face of those who loved him came to mind.

Subaru felt a sudden surge of warmth behind his eyes and clutched at his chest. Now that he was in this other world, it was both joyful and very painful to remember the two of them.

But, as painful as it was, his cherished parents were the pillars that supported Subaru’s core to this day.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, that is…]

Subaru: [Yeah…]

Tanza hesitated for a moment before saying her next words, perhaps taking what she had been in Subaru’s expression into consideration.

But, having said all this, Subaru would not be offended no matter what Tanza asked him. Thinking this, Subaru waited for Tanza’s next words, and after waiting for a while, Tanza said――,

Tanza: [Your father’s name, what is it?]

Subaru: [It’s…]

Subaru tried to answer Tanza’s question, but hesitated.

With a sentimental feeling, Subaru tried to answer “Natsuki Kenichi” as usual, but this would have been a bit complicated. Since Subaru was known as “Natsuki Schwartz” on the Gladiator Island, the combination of his family name and his first name was reversed.

On the other hand, telling them another name, such as “Kenichi Schwartz”, would have added to the complications, with little benefit.

So, Subaru wavered for a moment and then said――,

Subaru: [Sorry. I can’t tell you my dad’s name.]

Tanza: [――Hk.]

Subaru: [Tanza?]

The moment Subaru replied, Tanza’s expression stiffened in plain sight.

Her eyes were wide and wavering, and her round cheeks were tense and tight. And, though he was surprised by Tanza’s reaction in front of him, that was not the only one――,

Weitz: [Seems it’s no joke, apparently…]

Idra: [Is it possible? Well, no, but it was that conduct that led us here.]

Hiain: [S-see, I told’cha! How ’bout that, am I still crazy? Well, oi!]

The gladiators in the hall, with the members of Subaru’s Unit at the helm, began to make a commotion all at once.

Their mutual exchanges of glances, and their noisy chatter brought great puzzlement to Subaru. What could be the reason as to why everyone was so surprised?

Subaru: [Umm, guys?]

Everyone: [――!]

The commotion receded as soon as Subaru called out to them.

Subaru felt a pang of loneliness there and then――,

Weitz: [Schwartz, whoever ya are, we’re not gonna think any different of ya…]

And so, Weitz was the first to speak to the anxious-looking Subaru.

Weitz donned scary-looking tattoos on his face and all over his body, but the words he said were out of concern for Subaru, and were probably meant to reassure him.

Idra: [I-I agree. I mean, I have come to a point of understanding. I’m more than ready to cooperate with you… Schwartz.]

Hiain: [Yeah yeah, that’s right! What’s the matter with’cha bastards! He ain’t any different! He’s a gladiator just like us, he’s my bro!]

Following Weitz’s words, Idra thumped his own chest, and Hiain, running up to him, put his arm around Subaru’s shoulders and turned back to the gladiators as he spoke.

Idra aside, Hiain’s behavior had even Subaru bewildered, but――.

???: [――Right! Great kid, that Schwartz!]

???: [I knew ya weren’t some run-of-the-mill guy! That’s the only way ta explain it!]

???: [Yes, the guidance of the Sword Wolf we serve! Thank you for this day’s charities and fortune!]

Triggered by the words of the three members of his Unit, the silent gladiators erupted in cheers.

The voices echoing through the hall were so loud that they sounded as if they might shake the entire Gladiator Island, and Subaru’s amazement intensified as they went round and round.

But before he could fully process the surprise, Subaru was being vigorously pushed by Hiain.

Hiain: [Heyhey, we haven’t even finished celebratin’ today’s Sparka yet! Ya’re the one who made the big splash this time, so make some noise, bro!]

Weitz: [Hiain, yer totally self-interested!?]

Hiain: [S’all good ain’t it, come on, open up a seat for bro! Bring meat and drink!]

Pushed by Hiain, wearing a big, undignified smile, Subaru was crammed into the middle of the large crowd of gladiators.

Orson and his teammates, with whom he had fought together in today’s Sparka, having returned from the healing room, were present, raising a modest toast and welcoming Subaru’s arrival.

Orson: [Thank ya so much for today, Schwartz. ――It was good ya were with us.]

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru choked on the words in his throat as he was greeted by teary-eyed lizardmen.

There was a mountain of things he wanted to say and questions he had, but the words exchanged at this moment were more than enough to reward Subaru for taking on that Sparka.

Subaru: [Thanks for saving me, too.]

And so, for the first time in three days, he shared with them the bone-in-meat that was brought out, one after another.

△▼△▼△▼△

Cecilus: [――Miss, aren’t you going to make a racket with them?]

Tanza: […My position is complicated.]

Whilst looking over the crowd of people noisily clamoring together, Tanza mixed in a sigh with her reply to the boy who was talking to her.

A boy who looked exactly like a person she knew, with the exception of his height and the length of his limbs. She was hesitant to express her feelings to him, unknowing of how much he knew about the situation.

Naturally, that was regarding the black-haired boy’s surprising identity which Hiain had brought about, but also about the complex feelings Tanza had when facing that person.

Tanza: [Yorna-sama…]

As she joined her hands together with her kimono , Tanza thought of her beloved master.

And then, with the wish Yorna harbored, the personage not unrelated to that wish, and the boy seemingly not unrelated to that person, it all kept being churned around and around, chaotically.

Only, if there was something she wanted say clearly――,

Tanza: [――I have no other way but to rely on Schwartz-sama.]

Was it really okay for her to believe that? Those doubts had been removed, at least that much was true.

Even if she did not know how far they could go together, after all that.

Cecilus: [I see, your expression truly is a complicated one of being at a loss, there’s indeed a sorrow afloat, isn’t there.]

Tanza: [――――]

Cecilus: [Oh dear, Basu sure is a guilty guy too, isn’t he! Well, well, however.]

She glimpsed the boy beside her, bereft of any regard to her feelings, smiling brightly out of the corner of his mouth. But, that smile appeared to be more ominous than any smile the boy had shown until now.

Tanza felt a faint shudder as she listened to the boy’s next words.

Those were――,

Cecilus: [――If things don’t start moving soon, my patience’s probably going to run out. Just kidding!]

Translation notes:

[1] The word Subaru employs is a modern word (福利厚生), hence why Cecilus doesn’t know it and mispronounces it.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch Cult Translations is recruiting! We’re currently looking for machine translators and Japanese to English checkers. If you’re interested in either of these roles, you can leave a reply in the comments below with your contact information, send a DM to @WCTranslations , or contact Ice#6557 on Discord.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 69: Arriving from the Imperial Capital ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――It was hard to decide which should be considered the main event between the second Sparka and the subsequent grand banquet, but three days had passed since both had occurred.

During that time, nothing of note happened on the Gladiator Island.

What had also been an anticlimax to Subaru was that there had been no third Sparka to welcome new gladiator candidates from the outside, and none of the usual deathmatches were organized.

The usual deathmatches were a preparation for the shows, a kind of practice match so the gladiators did not lose their strength.

However, even though they were just practice matches, there was still an invariance in that it was quite possible for those who lost their focus to end up as corpses, and there were also dangerous people who were capable of producing corpses regardless of whether or not they lost their focus.

And different from the Sparka, even if he received a punishment in relation to those deathmatches, since it seemed difficult for Subaru to interfere, it would be a great help.

Hiain: [The guards’re gettin’ awfully on edge. Well, guess they’re just scared of ya bro, and us as well, ain’t that right?]

Those were Hiain’s words, who had been interpreting the atmosphere of Gladiator Island for the past few days as feeling good.

It seemed as though this lizardman was very happy that his friends had been saved during that second Sparka, and since then, his friendliness toward Subaru had risen to a different league.

It had been Subaru who had called him a bro first, but he was treated like a bro by him as well.

Subaru: [Well, I don’t feel bad in the slightest.]

Despite being stunned by his self-centered personality, Subaru warmly welcomed Hiain’s attitude.

It would be more comfortable for everyone to get along peacefully, rather than have everyone on edge. The softening of Hiain’s attitude had been very striking, but there had been a change in Weitz’s and Idra’s attitudes as well.

Weitz had substantial trust in him, and Idra displayed some vague respect; that, was how they had been treating Subaru.

And that change in attitude was spreading to the gladiators on the Island in a positive way.

So then――,

???: [Yo, Schwartz, ya got a good look in yer eyes today!]

???: [Ya’re overflowin’ with fightin’ spirit!]

???: [The guards really deplore ya. At this rate, they’ll lose all their Gladiator Beasts!]

The number of people who talked to Subaru in such a cheerful and friendly manner had increased tremendously.

His impression concerning this had been the same it had been as towards Hiain, so Subaru gave it a warm welcome. With the people he could talk to being as many as possible, it was easier for Subaru to gather the information he needed.

For now, the present situation was such that Subaru could forget about Gustav’s “curse rule”, since the information that Subaru wanted the most was――,

Subaru: [――The control tower for the drawbridge.]

The sole means connecting the Island to the outside. How could he operate the dropbridge and enter the control tower?

Right now, that information was what Subaru desired most.

Subaru: [The control tower itself’s in plain view of everyone, but it seems like you can’t get inside…]

The control tower itself stood proudly on the island side, in the vicinity of the drawbridge.

There weren’t any guards posted at all, but the entrance was secured with a very impressive lock, and it was impossible to open the large metal door without obtaining the key.

Over the last few days, they had been trying to locate the key, but since Gustav apparently operated the drawbridge himself, it was very likely that the key was on his person.

Subaru: [Ummm, we’d stand little chance squaring up against Gustav-san.]

As a matter of fact, Gustav’s strength was quite unknown even to Subaru.

In appearance, he was equipped with four arms, after all. Besides, he had been entrusted with the management of the Gladiator Island, and given his position, that of ruling over the rough-and-tumble gladiators, there was no way he was weak.

Of course, if they fought one time, he could assess if Gustav was strong or weak, but――.

Subaru: [I don’t want to aggravate Gustav-san in the first place…]

From his standpoint, Subaru and Gustav had a confrontational relationship as a gladiator and Chief, but Subaru personally did not dislike Gustav.

In fact, in the Empire, where many people were rather difficult to talk to, he had never once raised his voice to Subaru. So, his impression of Gustav was that he was a valuable person whom he could have a proper talk with.

At least, it was much better than the fake Cecilus, who hovered on the border between friend and foe.

So, the ideal course of action would be to sneak in and steal the key from Gustav.

Subaru: [However, I don’t want to be hanging around Gustav-san’s side like Ceci.]

Now that the curse rule was no longer binding him, it seemed that Gustav, who was faithful to his duties, was no longer a danger to Subaru in a sense. Even so, Subaru was not as brazen as to be careless enough to go around openly looking for or asking about the whereabouts of the key.

The worst-case scenario for Subaru was that Gustav would find Subaru a nuisance, lock him up somewhere on the Island, and prevent him from doing anything.

If that came to pass, Subaru would have to fall back on the last resort behind his molar.

So then――,

Subaru: [We’ll just have to keep investigating little-by-little.]

Scratching his head, Subaru grumbled as his lips pursed at the challenges that lay ahead.

In order to get information about the drawbridge, Subaru was investigating the people in control―― in other words, the guards watching over the gladiators.

The guards who followed Gustav at the top were fewer in number than the gladiators on the Island, but their presence gave the impression that they were strong Imperial Soldiers, with little room for weakness or vulnerability.

Gustav’s guidance and instructions seemed to be so thorough, that even if the child Subaru attempted to talk to them, the guards would become more alert, rather than relax their guard. Perhaps this was due to the precedent set by the fake Cecilus, a child even less lovable than Subaru.

Either way, it was very difficult to get information from the guards.

Whether Gustav had also conveyed information on what Subaru was up to or not, wherever he was, their stern gazes would be directed at him, so perhaps he had made a bit of a mistake.

Although he had been trying to get to the bottom of the curse rule, it had caused Gustav to become alarmed.

Subaru: [If I had been punished for a different reason than that… Nah, no use in saying it.]

While reflection was important, nothing of value came forth from regret.

Regret was only what he wanted to do. Unfortunately, Subaru had no time to feel sorry for his own stupidity. No minute or second should be wasted.

If one guard gave him the cold shoulder, he would only have to tackle tens, hundreds of others.

Subaru: [Right, a great man once said that picking up girls is all about the amount. Even though I’m not picking up girls.]

With his fists clenched, Subaru referenced the words of the pros in different disciplines to help him regain his bearings.

And with that, walking about the Island briskly to make the guards in some other area hate him,

???: [Yer a restless guy, Schwartz…]

Subaru: [What, Weitz?]

Speaking in a low voice to Subaru as he walked around looking for the guards, was Weitz.

Seeing Weitz sitting on the ground, leaned against a wall, Subaru tilted his head. Their location was near the passageway connecting to the gladiatorial arena. However, the gladiatorial arena was not accessible outside of Sparka or on the occasion of a deathmatch, so an iron gate was lowered in the corridor.

In other words, this day was filled with nothing but dead-ends.

Subaru: [What are you doing in a place like this? Hide-and-seek?]

Weitz: [I dunno what that is, but prolly not… I came to see what’s going on in the basement, for a tad…]

Subaru: [Basement… Oh, over there.]

Weitz jerked his chin, and Subaru turned to glance in that direction.

Right next to the passageway to the gladiatorial arena, there was a door connecting to the basement of the Island. As per his knowledge, the Island floated atop a lake, so the basement did not lead anywhere.

Rather, it was more-or-less connected to the outside world, however――,

Subaru: [It’s just a direct connection to the lake, so its purpose is to dump the bodies, they said.]

Weitz: [Gladiators and Gladiator Beasts that die in the deathmatches… They’re lumped together… If we’d lost, we would’ve been fish food in the same way…]

Subaru: [That gives me the shudders.]

By fish food, he was talking about the aquatic Witchbeasts that inhabited the lake.

Rather savage ones were loose there seemingly; the most common causes of death on Gladiator Island were deathmatches, but the second most common cause of death was falling prey to the Witchbeasts, whether by accident or by trying to escape.

Subaru, too, would become no more than fodder for those Witchbeasts were he unable to utilize the drawbridge.

Weitz: [Have ya heard… the story of the gladiator who escaped from the Island, in the past…?]

Subaru: [Huh? Oh, yeah, I heard. I heard it was because of what happened with that person, the previous Chief was fired, and Gustav-san was chosen as the new Chief.]

Weitz: [Those poor conditions’ve improved… but now, the position of gladiator’s become stable… What do ya think…?]

Subaru: [What do I think…?]

Weitz: [Should we… resign ourselves to the position of gladiator, to the position of being ruled over…?]

Subaru: [――――]

Weitz’s words made Subaru check to see if anyone was nearby on reflex.

Weitz’s statement just now had been quite out-of-line for a gladiator of the Gladiator Island. If a guard with poor character were to hear it, it would be enough of an excuse to give him a warning.

Regardless, Weitz would probably be looked upon more harshly than other gladiators because he was in the same Unit as Subaru.

Subaru: [Uhh, Weitz, I think you shouldn’t be too careless about what you say. It’s fine with me, but I wonder what other people might think about it.]

At that, Subaru tried to correct Weitz’s thinking.

If it were only Subaru getting caught up in the next Sparka, there would be ways to deal with the situation. However, if Weitz were to be added to the mix, the level of difficulty would rise dramatically.

But, in response to Subaru’s thoughts, “Schwartz…” Weitz continued,

Weitz: [Why do ya think I went to the basement… It’s so I can help ya…]

Subaru: [――Uh.]

Weitz: [Ya intend on getting outta here… And, and I’m also going with’cha… I’m not gonna stay here as a gladiator… I owe ya a debt, too…]

While saying that, Weitz slowly rose to his feet.

Then, on his tattoo-covered face, he directed earnest eyes toward Subaru. Being gazed at intently by those eyes, Subaru gulped and stiffened up.

The atmosphere was not one to be making jokes about, or to deceive someone.

Subaru: [Weitz, I…]

Weitz: [I know who ya are…]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Weitz: [But, that ain’t the point… Don’t get me confused with Hiain and his sweet-talking… I ain’t interested in the crown ya wear… I just wanna lend ya my strength. Remember that…]

The hairs on Subaru’s body stood on end upon those words of Weitz, saying that he knew his true identity. But what Weitz said after that, made Subaru’s whole body go numb. Even if Subaru was a nobody, Weitz had stated he would pay his debt, and lend him his strength.

That is, that is extremely――,

Subaru: […Reassuring, Weitz.]

Weitz: [Hm…]

When Subaru gave a thumbs-up and laughed, Weitz looked away and sniffed his nose. Subaru took this not-at-all honest reaction in good humor, as it was typical of Weitz.

The reason why Weitz had come to explore the underground had been to find a way to operate the drawbridge―― to help out Subaru, who was searching for a way to escape outside.

In the end, there was nothing of that sort here, and as expected, there was no way to leave aside from the drawbridge, and so it seemed the conclusion was for them to return to their original method.

Then, something happened at the moment Subaru reached that conclusion.

Subaru: [――Hk, this shaking!]

Weitz: [Is it the drawbridge…]

As a tremor seemed to shake from below the earth, and a low sound shakily resounded, Subaru and Weitz exchanged glances, having reached the same conclusion.

There were only two possible options for a big mechanism that could shake the entire Gladiator Island, those being the gladiatorial arena and the drawbridge. And, since the passage leading to the gladiatorial arena was already closed off in Subaru and Weitz’s vicinity, the drawbridge was the only natural candidate.

Subaru: [Another new group of people…]

For people to arrive meant that the next Sparka would also begin.

Weitz looked at Subaru, who muttered to himself while experiencing a thirst in his mouth. Receiving Weitz’s gaze, Subaru displayed a smile.

As if to reassure him that there was nothing to worry about.

Subaru: [――. Let’s go take a look…]

Whether his smile had bore any effect or not, and how Weitz felt, it was impossible to tell, as the latter turned his back on him. But, following behind a Weitz who spoke scant words, him and Subaru ascended from the lower stratum of the Island to the middle stratum, and then to the high ground overlooking the drawbridge.

Subaru: [It’d be nice to see the entrance to the tower open and close if possible, though…]

???: [Schwartz-sama, over here.]

Subaru: [Tanza.]

A young girl’s voice called out to Subaru, as he wiped the sweat from his chin, short of breath as he rushed up the stairs. Tanza, who had reached the high ground earlier, waved her hand, and Subaru and Weitz joined her.

While Tanza was taking notice of Weitz,

Tanza: [It seems you were with Weitz-sama.]

Subaru: [We happened to meet downstairs and had an embarrassing conversation… What about you Tanza?]

Tanza: […I was examining the tower. As expected, it seems that the key is in Gustav-sama’s possession.]

Subaru: [Ugh, I knew it.]

Tanza also knew that it was necessary to operate the drawbridge in order to escape the Island. Since they also both knew about the curse rule, the two children were conspiring to get off the Island together.

However, right then was when Weitz suddenly interjected,

Weitz: [If ya wanna take the key away… Should we fight with numbers…?]

Subaru: [That plan is awfully shortsighted! Most likely, you’ll get hit by the curse rule if you try something so reckless.]

Tanza: [――Huh.]

Weitz: [That’s right…]

Weitz’s shortsighted suggestion was dissuaded by Subaru using the curse rule as a pretext.

Hearing this, Tanza’s eyes widened, so Subaru put a finger to her mouth to quiet her.

The truth that there was actually no curse rule, was something he had yet to confide in anyone other than Tanza. Of course, the fake Cecilus who happened to be present in that place also knew, but on the other hand, the fake Cecilus had no friends to talk to about it with, so there were no concerns about the information spreading.

However, Subaru believed that this was a truth that would be very frightening to spread.

Subaru: [Part of the reason why the gladiators are so behaved is because of the curse rule.]

There were no major complaints about their treatment, since there was a curse rule which if disobeyed, would cost them their lives.

That was the reason the gladiators in Ginunhive were ruled so obediently by Gustav. If it turned out that there was no curse rule, people who thought similarly to Weitz would emerge.

Should that happen, an all-out war would begin between the gladiator side and the administration side.

In terms of numbers, despite the casualties, the gladiator side would perhaps win, however――.

Subaru: [Every guard’s got a Witchbeast with a broken horn, so they can deal a ton of damage.]

Not only were the Gladiator Island’s guards themselves strong, but the fact that they were accompanied by Witchbeasts was also a troublesome aspect of the guards.

Since all the Gladiator Beasts used in Sparka were Witchbeasts kept by the guards, there were still many more like the lion and rat, which Subaru and the others had found difficult to defeat.

That was why, they would be in trouble if Weitz were to become impatient at this juncture.

Tanza: [It seems to me, however, that it is not very practical to wait until Schwartz-sama has defeated all the Gladiator Beasts in Sparka.]

Subaru: [That’s just as reckless as it sounds… First of all, if the Gladiator Beasts were replenished, my spirit would be broken. I’m not planning that kind of strategy.]

Tanza: [If that is the case…]

Subaru: [I’ve been considering a lot of things, so don’t worry. You don’t have to believe me, but please trust my feelings that there are people I definitely want to see.]

Understanding that the secret was to be kept from Weitz, Tanza kept silent after Subaru said that. She slightly cast her eyes down, then continued, “Those that you wish to see”,

Tanza: [Are they, your family?]

Subaru: [Hmm? Well, they’re people as important to me as family, and there’s even a girl I like.]

Subaru replied to the slightly delayed question with a tilt of his head.

Having heard that, Tanza’s lips still moved as if she wanted to say something. Although, before she could say anything, Weitz pointed to the drawbridge below, saying, “Look…”.

From their side and the side over yonder, from both ends the drawbridge was activated, and the new residents of the Gladiator Island would be coming this way.

Subaru: [What kind of people will these new arrivals be…? Surely they aren’t Weitz’s or Idra’s acquaintances this time.]

Weitz: [Anyone who knows my face, I’d be fine with them all dying…]

Subaru: [Please don’t say such scary and lonely――]

Things , just as he tried to say that, he saw a carriage coming across the drawbridge, clearly.

The carriage was pulled by an armored black Galewind Horse, but there was something a little different about it from the one three days earlier, the difference being in how docile the people riding in the carriage were.

Last time, Hiain’s friends, Orson and the others, seemed to be riding obediently in the carriage, but the people this time were not like that. ――Someone was standing on the roof of the carriage.

On the roof of the swaying carriage, with brown skin, was a slender-bodied woman――.

Subaru: [――Hk!?]

As soon as Subaru saw that face and the distinctive features of her appearance, he stifled a scream in the back of his throat, and hurriedly crouched down in place. Hiding behind the railing, he made his body smaller.

His heart was beating at a tremendous rate and the sound of blood pumping through his head was explosive.

Tanza: [S-Schwartz-sama? Is there something wrong, being like that all of a sudden…]

Subaru: [Tha…]

Tanza: [Tha?]

Subaru: [That, woman… is bad news.]

Next to Subaru as he crouched, Tanza, having similarly crouched down, widened her eyes.

But, Subaru could not afford to be concerned about Tanza’s surprise.

Weitz: [Woman… That woman…?]

Hearing Subaru’s mutterings, Weitz, leaning against the railing, looked toward the drawbridge. Even Weitz’s eyes seemed to see the person on the roof of the incoming carriage.

Weitz did not seem to know who the woman was, but Subaru was aware of her identity. And being aware of that, he thought it was the worst possible time for her to be there.

That carriage, or at least the woman on the roof, was not a candidate for the next Sparka.

After all, the identity of that woman was――,

Subaru: [――The name doesn’t come to mind quickly, but she’s a Divine General.]

Because, she was an overwhelmingly strong woman, donning silver hair and an eyepatch, someone who had gone on a rampage in Guaral before.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [The visitors this time aren’t gladiators, but apparently messengers from the Imperial Capital.]

That, had been Idra’s report, which he had heard leak from a guard.

Subaru and his comrades had been watching the arrival of the carriages from a vantage point, but the shock brought on by the woman on the roof―― by that transcendent enemy, was too great.

???: [That woman noticed me and looked this way…]

Next to Subaru, who had immediately crouched down, Weitz, watching the carriage finish crossing the drawbridge in his stead, had his voice tremble upon witnessing something unbelievable.

Their impression was that they were a hundred meters away, but to feel a gaze, even from there, was monstrous. Subaru was right to squat, since she had looked in Weitz’s direction, per his own words.

Of course, even if she were to look at Subaru now, she would probably not recognize him.

Tanza: [Half-dogperson, Divine General… In all likelihood, she is General First-Class Arakiya, I am certain.]

???: [Ya also know her, Tanza?]

Tanza: […She is one of the people who previously targeted Yorna-sama of Chaosflame. I did not see it with my own eyes, but I heard that she covered an entire city block in flames.]

???: [Y-ya’re just makin’ a tasteless joke. Right?]

Hiain tried to laugh off the seriousness in Tanza’s voice. But, there was no one present who could laugh it off.

Subaru, in particular, had received a considerable impact.

Subaru: [Guys who are just plain strong are usually the most troublesome for me.]

Subaru had a chance to win if there was an opening to be taken advantage of, or if the opponent could be managed with a little ingenuity.

However, when it came to opponents with simply too big of a gap in ability, he would be out of strategies. They were strong, after all. Cheap tricks did not work on strong opponents.

It was the privilege of a strong person to trample upon all his preparations.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, please do not be too pessimistic. Since she is a messenger from the Imperial Capital, it should not mean that there will be anything happening involving us. To declare them as an enemy now is…]

Subaru: [Too premature, huh. Yeah, yes, that makes sense. That totally tracks, but…]

Tanza: [――――]

Subaru: [I can’t help but think of the worst-case scenario… You get me?]

Hugging his thin arms, Subaru answered that to Tanza who had encouraged him.

He appreciated Tanza’s sentiment, and he was sure that she did not want to make enemies of the Nine Divine Generals herself. To put it mildly, Arakiya was as strong, if not stronger, than Yorna.

Being trapped on an Island like this, Subaru felt that he could not fight against such an opponent at the top-level of strength.

Hiain: [B-but why’re ya so worried, bro? If that party came from the Imperial Capital…]

Idra: [Hiain, don’t you get it? Right now, the Empire’s split in two.]

Hiain: [Huh? Ah, ahh! Damnit, so that’s it…!]

Besides Subaru, who was deep in thought, Hiain and Idra were also discussing with serious expressions.

Subaru did not quite understand the flow of their conversation, but he did not have time to worry about it.

In fact, it was more likely that Subaru was overthinking it.

Subaru: [At the moment, I don’t think that Tanza or I are that woman’s…]

Tanza: [General First-Class Arakiya.]

Subaru: [Arakiya’s objective.]

Even if Subaru and his comrades were somewhat conspicuous on the Island, it was unlikely that they were well-known outside it. And even if they were, it would be him, in this form.

It would be unreasonable for that to be considered a problem. Even if Olbart would want to do something about Abel, he could not think of any reason for Olbart to care about Subaru or Tanza.

Tanza: [So, for what purpose did a messenger come from the Imperial Capital to the Island?]

Weitz: [Thinking ’bout it… Perhaps for the Island’s show…?]

Tanza: [Show… That is the original purpose of the Gladiator Island.]

Weitz and Tanza came up with a possible reason for Arakiya’s visit.

The Island’s shows, the original role of the Gladiator Island Ginunhive, was to make a spectacle of deathmatches between gladiators for spectators who hailed from other places.

It was an event in poor taste, but Subaru had heard that it helped to curb the fearsome desires of the people of the Empire.

Hiain: [If we have a show, a-are they gonna make us fight again…? But, with the rebellion happenin’ and all the panic everywhere, why’d they do it at a time like this?]

Idra: [There’s also the idea that it’d be precisely because times are like that. The purpose is to enforce the thought that the people of the Empire must be strong, in a situation where the Empire’s shaking…]

Weitz: [His Excellency the Emperor’s thoughts, huh…]

With Hiain’s voice cracking, Idra’s persuasive thoughts, and Weitz’s grave mutterings, the eyes of each one of them turned towards Subaru.

It was as if they were expecting Subaru to know the answer, but Subaru did not have the answer either. Subaru had no choice but to shake his head.

Subaru: [I think both Hiain’s and Idra’s ideas are possible. But…]

Weitz: [But?]

Subaru: [I wonder if the Emperor really cares about this place…]

Subaru already knew that the Emperor, who was giving orders in the Imperial Capital, was a fake.

Real and fake were both in Chaosflame, and since there was a rebellion going on, it was unlikely that Abel had returned without Subaru’s knowledge.

So, as designation was that they were from the Imperial Capital, it had to be the fake Emperor’s idea. It was hard to believe that Vincent, the fake Emperor who could devise a plan virtually as good as Abel’s, would waste his time and energy on useless things.

Subaru: [There has to be a reason for this, absolutely.]

What reason would they, and not the Abel who was supposed to be the real Emperor, possess, to send a Divine General to this lake Island stranded from the entire world.

Tanza: [General First-Class Arakiya, she did not barge in with a large group of people, did she?]

Subaru: [Yeah…]

Tanza: [I only saw it from a distance too, but it was a single carriage that came. There were at most five or six people. The only one that stood out was the General First-Class.]

Subaru: [Is… that so?]

Eyes downcast, Tanza stumbled over the same thing as Subaru, not knowing what the other party was up to.

One could say that they were overthinking things and that they should just keep their heads down and wait for the storm to pass. That could also be a way to see it.

Weitz: [How ’bout, if ya think ’bout it the other way ’round… Hide in the carriage that the messenger rode in, and leave the Island…]

Subaru: [The hiding in the carriage bit, I believe that was already done back in Chaosflame.]

Tanza: [I would be fine with the same method, as long as it works more than once…]

Weitz’s suggestion was taken seriously by Subaru and Tanza. But Hiain, who was listening to the three of them, said in a loud voice, “Wait, wait, wait!”.

The gray-scaled lizardman made them turn to him with his loud voice and,

Hiain: [Are ya seriously thinkin’ ’bout leavin’ the Island? Are ya nuts?! Ya’re gonna die!]

Weitz: [If ya stay here, ya’ll eventually die fighting something, idiot…]

Hiain: [But not today or tomorrow!! Schwartz… Bro, I need ya!]

Subaru: [I don’t intend to stay here forever, either. I mean, I don’t want to stay forever.]

Hiain quivered as his big mouth, lined with tiny fangs, gasped at Subaru’s plan. Perhaps, from Hiain’s point-of-view, he would be more comfortable living on the island than out there.

It was not an overstatement to say that, once someone got over Sparka and became a gladiator, their life was safe outside of deathmatches. It was understandable that one might be tempted to think like that.

Hiain: [Pipsqueak! Idra! Damn ya…]

Tanza: [Like Schwartz-sama, I have my own reasons for not wanting to remain here any longer.]

Idra: [I-I… would get out if I could, is what I think.]

Hiain’s words, who seemed to believe himself in an unfavorable position, received these responses from Tanza and Idra. Despite the differences between positive and reluctant responses, neither of them had positive feelings about the Gladiator Island.

Although, it was hard for Hiain to believe.

Hiain: [T-there’s a limit to how reckless ya can be with yer life…!]

Subaru: [I’m sorry to put you on the spot, Hiain, but I want you to think about it too. Should you stay here forever?]

Hiain: [――――]

Hiain looked at Subaru and the others, his eyes similar to as if he were looking at something terrifying.

But Hiain would know this, were he to think long and hard about it. The peace of mind and safety that they could get here was only a stepping stone, reached only after sacrificing many things.

Hiain: […Even if ya leave, what are ya gonna do about the curse rule?]

After giving up with his knee-jerk denial, that had been Hiain’s next move.

The unseen chains that bound the gladiators of the Gladiator Island, the main reason why the gladiators still remained there, was something that Weitz too, had mentioned.

That they had already been neutralized, was something he did not want to say until the very end. But, as he remained cautious of that, Hiain continued to doubt Subaru and everyone else’s sanity.

So, Subaru thought to at least make him slacken his caution a little bit.

Subaru: [I’ll do something about the curse rule, too. In fact, I’ve got a hint on how to do it.]

Hiain: [――Hk!? About the curse rule?]

Subaru: [Yeah.]

Subaru nodded with a confident look on his face, indicating that it was not a good idea to waste any more time here.

The answer surprised not only Hiain, but also Weitz and Idra. Only Tanza, who was already aware that there was no curse rule, quietly observed the scene without saying anything.

Subaru could not speak the truth, but his chest puffing out here would aid in dispelling Hiain and the others’ fears. Ergo, Subaru could not show a lack of confidence.

Even if Arakiya’s objectives as an emissary remained unknown――.

Subaru: [Surely, I’ll find a way to get off this island. So――]

When that time comes, I’ll need your strength. ――Was what he had wanted to say at that time.

But, Subaru did not say those words.

To be more accurate, it no longer made sense to continue them.

Hiain: [――Hk.]

There was the sound of a snatched breath escaping, and Hiain collapsed, his eyes bloodshot.

Subaru: [――――]

Trembling, slitted-pupil eyes bleeding, Hiain’s large body toppled sideways.

Without any forewarning, Subaru was unable to react quickly to such a sudden and unexpected event, and was unable to support Hiain as he collapsed.

Subaru: [H… iain?]

With a heavy thud, Hiain’s body fell limp to the floor of the common room. After collapsing, Hiain was motionless. All he did was spasm, his limbs twitching.

It was like a cicada, he thought. Like cicadas in the middle of summer, overturned on the road.

Hiain was dying, moving like a cicada.

――Hiain was not the only one.

Subaru: […Ah.]

There was a sound, light in comparison to the sound of Hiain falling, and Subaru turned around, stunned.

The three who had been talking to Subaru, Idra, Weitz, and Tanza, all lay on the floor, convulsing and trembling in the same way.

Subaru: [Tanza?]

He did not understand a thing. Not a single one, rendering him unable to react.

Crouching right next to the collapsed Tanza, he turned her slumped body over. Tears of blood streamed from Tanza’s eyes while she lay limp, her head slumped over.

Blood was running from her eyes, nose and ears too, dripping onto the floor with a trickle.

Subaru: [Eek!]

And, Subaru’s throat squealed, causing him to drop Tanza’s body.

He rushed to check on the other three. All of them had stopped moving, bleeding from their eyes and noses.

Subaru: [Wh…]

Why , a questioning voice started making a tremendous sound in his head.

Whywhywhy , Subaru’s head was whirling, the ringing in his ears was immensely loud, as his mind was filled with questions as to why and how the scene before him made no sense.

The feeling of his head splitting open was about to engulf Subaru――.

Subaru: [N-no…]

Holding his own head, Subaru looked up.

A sharp, intense pain struck his head, and blood trickled from Subaru’s nose. The ringing in his ears did not stop, and there was also a sensation of blood seeping out.

The sequence of events, was different. Subaru suffered from the same pain as Tanza and the others had, although slower.

He wondered, what the meaning of it was.

Subaru: [This… doesn’t make sense…]

Propping himself up with his hands to the floor and against the wall, Subaru managed to stand up. He got up and went out into the hallway to see what was going on.

Inside the room, Tanza and the others were already beyond hope. And, it was not just Tanza and the others that were beyond hope. Many, many more were.

Subaru: [――――]

The adjacent common room, the passageways here and there, the main hall, the drawbridge area, everyone in them had been beyond hope.

With limping feet, flickering eyes, and the contents of his head feeling as if they were melting out of his ears, Subaru, his clothes covered in blood, looked around the Island.

Everyone, was dead. Absolutely everybody, was dead.

They were all dead, bleeding from the eyes, nose, and ears. They were all dead. Dead.

Subaru: [Why?]

So suddenly, the gladiators, the guards, and everyone else had died without any exception.

Everyone, and so suddenly.

Subaru: [Why?]

Everyone was gone. Suddenly, unexpectedly.

Unable to believe it, and unable to accept it, he had no choice but to totter and ask.

To whom, if one may wonder, then to the sky. If not to the sky, then to the water.

Subaru: [Wh――]

???: [――Hey.]

Suddenly, someone answered Subaru’s voice, which no one should have been able to answer.

Suddenly, without warning, Subaru had been left behind on an island where everyone had died abruptly. He himself was bleeding from both his nose and ears, making him worried. Scared.

So, at the sound of someone who might give him an answer, Subaru turned around, and then.

???: [――Hey you, what are you doing in a place like this?]

There stood a man that caused Subaru to freeze instantly, right after making him feel saved.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [As you can see, I’d thought every guy on the Island had died, but…]

While saying that, the man with the black bandana cracked the joints in his neck.

With his bright orange hair collected in a bandana decorated with lines of red, the slender silhouette wore the appearance of an Imperial Soldier.

At first glance, the impression his face gave off was that he was friendly. However, that was a terrible misunderstanding. Do not be deceived.

Both his gentle-looking face, and his voice that sounded as if he wanted to be good friends, were complete fabrications.

The name of the man who fabricated such things was――,

Subaru: [――Todd.]

Subaru, who was supposedly having an increasingly, albeit minutely so, harder time opening the drawer of his memories, had stored that name in a place so important that he could easily retrieve it.

Then, if one were to ask why that name was important.

Todd: [――. Hey you, why do you know my name?]

Because, upon being called out with only that single word, his attitude did a complete one-eighty. That was why the man closing the distance between them was a dangerous person.

Taking long strides, the man―― Todd, was lumbering in Subaru’s direction. Even if he tried to hurriedly run away from Todd, his body, having become worn-out on its own, would not permit him to do so.

His back had been immediately caught up to, and Subaru’s body was violently forced against the wall.

Subaru: [Ouch…!]

Todd: [I sure don’t recognize you. I never forget a face once I’ve seen it, but this is really a face I don’t know. ――No.]

His face being forced against the wall of the building, there was a rough sensation on his cheek. Whilst Subaru writhed from the relentless pain, Todd’s nose drew close to his hair.

Just like that, Todd sniffed his nose and got a whiff of Subaru’s hair.

Todd: [Hey kid, you smell like a scary guy I know.]

Subaru trembled as he was spoken to in a low voice, regarding just who Todd was talking about. It was just as if it were a combination technique, one that mixed the feeling that the one being referred to was himself, along with the unpleasant feelings that arose when facing Todd.

If possible, his face was a face he had wished to never encounter again, so then just why was it like this? Why was he on the Island?

Subaru: [Why, is…]

Todd, a man who should have fled from Guaral, in this place?

Come to think of it, as of his escape, Todd had taken the captured Arakiya along with him. He should have realized it. If Arakiya was here, then Todd was possibly present as well.

Something like that was absurd. Just because they had escaped together, did not mean something like being together in the next location was guaranteed.

Why? How? I don’t like it. It’s scary. Why, is, Todd, here?

Subaru: [Why has, everyone…]

Todd: [Been killed? Hey, I can’t answer that sort of thing. From my point of view, you surviving was a miscalculation. Well, if I leave it as-is then it’ll just be a matter of time, but…]

Subaru: [――Gulp.]

Todd: [Time and chance and whatnot, I’d dislike leaving it all up to stuff like that, you see.]

As Todd’s voice whispered close to his ear, something cold was gently pressed against his neck. It was the blade of the large knife that Todd had drawn from his waist.

A knife that seemed as if it could be used to flay the skin off a large animal, extreme to the point he thought if it was given even a slightly firm tug, then not only would Subaru’s neck be cut, but his entire head would probably come right off.

And, it seemed that even if his opponent was a child, Todd would certainly not hesitate.

Only――,

Subaru: [――――]

There was an highly unlikely scenario.

One in which Todd would not kill Subaru―― No, one in which he would not kill him here, and possibly put it off for later. A possibility that he would try to enquire Subaru about something. If that were to happen, then things would become irreversible.

Things would become irreversible, a hopeless possibility.

That was why, he would sooner――,

Todd: [Wait.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

His head was aching, his nosebleed would not cease.

In the midst of the sensation of his consciousness wavering due to his loss of blood, to somehow make use of his last resort, Subaru fumbled his tongue around at his molars.

The subsequent instant, Todd thrust his fingers into Subaru’s mouth.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Having the inside of his mouth invaded against his will with violence, Subaru squirmed with all his might. His stomach was going to regurgitate its contents. However, not worried about anything, Todd continued to move his fingers around.

Then, together with the regurgitated meal, he dragged that out.

Todd: […What’s this? No way, is this poison?]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [Oioi, just what kind of brat are you? To go out of your way to prepare poison in your mouth, that’s for committing suicide when you’re down on your knees, isn’t it? There’s gotta be something wrong with you, for you to treat your life like this.]

While wiping his dirty fingers on Subaru’s clothes, Todd brazenly said that.

Though, it did not feel like he was making fun of him. He was seriously unable to believe Subaru’s thoughts; that was the feeling his attitude gave off.

It was just as if to say that suicide was a foolish thought.

Todd: [I guess that’s about right. It’s not like I particularly care if you suffer. Feel free to use it.]

Subaru: [Is, that…]

Todd: [Ah, if you’ll die, then even suicide’s fine. Then I’ll also complete this without dirtying my knife.]

With that evidence, Todd shrugged his shoulders, and put the wrapped “drug” back into Subaru’s mouth.

Carefully placing it on one of his molars, in a position so that if he bit down with force the package would tear. Then the contents would leak out, and Subaru’s life would be snuffed out. That, he understood.

Todd: [I’m fine with either. As long as you die.]

Grabbing his shoulders, he spun Subaru around to face him.

With Todd’s form right before his eyes, Subaru’s back was pressed against the wall. One way or another, he wanted to retaliate against Todd with a retort, but his body was rapidly losing strength, and he went numb.

Slowly, the same Death that Tanza and the others had experienced, was eating into Subaru.

Why that came so, so slowly, he did not understand, however.

Todd: [Running out of time, suicide, or knife.]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [Choose.]

The destination ahead remaining unchanged, Todd raised three fingers as he pressed Subaru for an answer.

Extremely, extremely silently, Subaru abhorred Todd.

Tanza, Hiain, Weitz, Idra, had all died.

Orson and the others, Old Man Null, even the guards, everyone had died.

For what reason, was Todd alive? For what reason, was Subaru also going to die?

Subaru: [――Hk.]

While experiencing these thoughts tearing away at his chest so, so terribly, Subaru bit down hard on his molars.

The package tore, and the “drug” contained inside leaked out. Gradually, that flowed into the crevices of his tongue and teeth, it flowed in, and then――.

Subaru: [――Buaah.]

A large quantity of blood filled his mouth, and resolutely, he spit it out towards Todd who stood before him.

To take him down along with himself, his intentions were not anything like that. Feeling vengeful, he thought to soil his clothes. However, Todd’s perception was excellent. The instant Subaru readied himself, he flew to the side.

Because of that, the blood did not hit him. So, having merely spat blood out, Subaru collapsed.

Collapsed, he collapsed, and then, and then, and then――.

Subaru: [Ah, uh, ah, ooooah…!]

As his whole body was quaking in fear, the poison circulated with incredible vigor.

From his nose and from his ears, blood poured out with more vigor than ever before, his eyes swelled up, bulging to the extent it seemed like they would explode, and in unison, both the flesh and bones of his body started to groan.

No, it only sounded like they were groaning. His whole body, was screaming.

Subaru: [Uh, guh, gugueh, gueeeeh…!]

The heat was akin to blood burning. The heat, was akin to being plunged into a boiling pot.

His whole body was boiling, just as if he had been skinned, and then things like wasabi , mustard, and all sorts of other spicy substances were being thoroughly smeared all over his body, just as if a mountain worth of needles were stabbing into him, just as if his whole body was being scraped away on a fine grater, it hurt, it hurt, it hurt, it hurt.

With only pain, he started wanting to die.

With only suffering, he started wanting to die.

Todd: [Hey you, there’s gotta be something wrong with you.]

As he fearfully struggled like a fish that had been reeled in, he headed towards death.

While looking at Subaru drowning in a sea of blood, Todd was muttering something. Whatever he was saying, Subaru could not understand, he did not understand, it was not something he could understand.

He could not understand anything, anymore. He could not understand, any――.

Todd: [――If you’re using poison to kill yourself, wouldn’t you normally prepare one that wouldn’t make you suffer?]

The voice, was distant; his consciousness, went white.

And yet, until the very end, until, the end, the pain, and the suffering, and the blood was, bloodwasbloodwasbloodwas, bloodbloodbloodbloodblood, bludbludbludblud, blud――.

There was a pop, and blood, and his eyes could not see.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [I know who ya are…]

Subaru: [――――]

???: [But, that ain’t the point… Don’t get me confused with Hiain and his sweet-talking… I ain’t interested in the crown ya wear… I just wanna lend ya my strength. Remember that…]

Whittling away at his whole body, was roasting, burning, pain.

Just when he felt such pain suddenly come to an end, Subaru found himself within chilly, cold air.

And then――,

Subaru: [Ah, ah…]

Weitz: [Schwartz…?]

Subaru: [AAAAAHH――!!!]

Cradling his own body on the spot, Subaru opened his mouth wide and screamed.

Screamed, he screamed, trying to expel the poison from within him. He tried to expel the poison that should no longer be present in his body. He got the feeling it yet remained, a poison which brought the end through death.

A deadly poison that would make Subaru suffer, it would make him suffer, it would certainly bring him death.

No matter how many times he tasted it――.

Subaru: [Gah, hu, AHHHHHHH…!]

The Death brought about by that drug, was a reminder to Subaru that there was no easy way to die, the guardian of the last bastion from which he must never escape from.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch Cult Translations is recruiting! We’re currently looking for machine translators and Japanese to English checkers. If you’re interested in either of these roles, you can leave a reply in the comments below with your contact information, send a DM to @WCTranslations , or contact Ice#6557 on Discord.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 70: One Thing ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This is an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The most important thing for him when asking Old Man Null for a “drug”, had been its reliability.

For starters, Old Man Null wasn’t exactly an eager student of medicine.

He was just an amateur who had been allowed access to the healing room after treating a fellow gladiator and, somehow, he had ended up staying there.

So it was obvious, that those on the administrative side of the Island would not give Old Man Null, one of the gladiators, a highly effective drug that could be either poison or medicine.

That was why it was impossible for Old Man Null to concoct a drug―― an immediately effective “strong poison”.

The only thing Old Man Null could make was a deleterious concoction of as many drugs as he could get his hands on, which would kill someone by disrupting the blood flow throughout their body.

If one were to swallow it, they would definitely die after suffering tremendously―― however, its existence, if you thought about it, it was somewhat convenient for Subaru.

Subaru: [After all, my foundation is being a lazy, giant idiot.]

Considering Subaru’s over-reliant nature, a poison that killed without causing suffering was out of the question.

He would immediately think about starting over on something trivial and start relying on the poison’s potency. In doing so, Natsuki Subaru would become a monster.

An inhuman monster that did not understand human pain or suffering.

Subaru: [No way, definitely NO !]

Already, the memory and realization of the time when his arms and legs were fully grown were both fading away. Even so, Subaru would not allow his experience and ideals to be twisted any further.

That change in nature would be a betrayal to everyone who had accepted Subaru as he was.

He could betray himself, but not everyone, not his family.

While Natsuki Subaru could be set side, Natsuki Subaru’s ties could not.

Therefore――,

Subaru: […Sorry, Old Man Null, for lying about using it against a Sparka opponent.]

Even if Natsuki Subaru were to experience hellish pain, he could not withdraw his outstretched hands.

Because that was that one tenet that would not bend, even on this Gladiator Island of isolating waters.

△▼△▼△▼△

Though he had tried to put on a strong front――,

Subaru: [Gah, guh, geh… hk]

Gritting his teeth to the point they were seemingly about to break, Subaru endured pain that tore his heart to shreds. ――No, he was not enduring it. The pain to endure had already passed.

He had died, he had returned, so the suffering from which that death originated was nowhere to be found.

Still, his soul dragged on. That was why, both tears and snot, did not cease trickling out.

Weitz: [Oi, Schwartz…! What’s the matter, all of a sudden…!]

Subaru: [I-I’m fhine …]

Weitz: [How can ya be fine… in such an ugly state…!]

Weitz’s voice trembled as Subaru cowered on the spot, his face smeared with various fluids.

He rushed over to hoist Subaru up, and without hesitation, wiped his runny nose with his bare hands. Every time, Weitz’s attitude would impress Subaru, always.

To be able to act without believing dirty people were dirty, that was an incredibly respectable thing.

Subaru: [Ahh, uh…]

Violently wiping away his runny nose and tears, Subaru put his hand to his dazed head.

Little-by-little, as the shock of dying in the past faded away, he accepted the slow present of being alive. Switching over to an easygoing consciousness happened generally every time Subaru died from the “drug”.

He had prepared the “poison” behind his molar as a trump card in order to ensure his death, but surprisingly, it had not come into play as Subaru’s cause of death on the Gladiator Island very often.

The overwhelming majority of his deaths during Sparka had been caused by the claws and fangs of the Gladiator Beast drawing near to him.

However, when he was unable to die, or when he was unsure of how to be up to the task in a situation where casualties had been made, he had no choice but to have this “drug” carry out its purpose.

That was, the excruciating anguish Natsuki Subaru had to bear.

After all――,

Subaru: […Since it’s my fault for screwing up.]

If the person who should be able to, somehow, do the most failed, what could the rest of them do?

Subaru had a responsibility. The responsibility of having the highest probability to somehow accomplish something.

Although that power was not one he had desired to obtain, provided it was Natsuki Subaru, he would be able to master it.

Because he was that person’s son, Natsuki Kenichi’s son.

Weitz: [――Hk, what…!?]

Subaru: [The drawbridge…!]

He pressed his fist against the dirty floor and, as he tried to raise himself up, the entire island creaked and shook.

From Weitz in front of him and the gloomy cold atmosphere, Subaru realized that the place he had died and returned to was the lower stratum of the Gladiator Island―― just before the drawbridge had been raised.

Connecting the Island and the outside world, the only bridge that stood.

Which meant that——,

Subaru: [――They’re coming.]

That scene, akin to a painting of hell itself, along with the utmost horrid adversary who painted it.

Once more, he would face a person he even prayed to never meet again―― he would have a rematch with Todd.

Subaru: [――――]

Trembling, Subaru hugged his shoulders as fear engulfed him.

As soon as he closed his eyes, what came back to him behind his eyelids was the disastrous scene riddled with corpses. The faces he knew, blood pouring from their eyes and noses, trembling with fear while lying on the ground, that was the utmost horrid memory.

Weitz before him, wiping Subaru’s runny nose, was no exception.

Subaru: [That kind of, never again…]

He must not let it happen, that sense of duty fired up his chest.

However, even though he was so enthusiastic, his thoughts stopped at the question of what to do. How in the world was such a desperate situation even created?

Hailing from the Imperial Capital, under the name of envoys, and entering the Gladiator Island, were Todd and Arakiya.

Just having a Divine General who had once opposed him standing in his way was enough to give him a headache, but to have Todd, the human devil, join the fray was the worst possible nightmare.

In the first place, just why were Todd and Arakiya together?

Subaru: […I’m an idiot, I remember. The one who let Arakiya escape after she was captured, it was that guy.]

It could be considerably shocking, but memories related to Todd were surprisingly clear.

The end of Subaru and Todd’s shared fate had been in the high-walled city―― in Guaral, during an operation to occupy the City Hall. The end of it had been when Subaru, dressed as a woman, had interacted with him.

After that, the rampaging Arakiya was done away with by Priscilla, clad in crimson; then Arakiya, who had supposedly been captured, had been released by somebody, somebody who Subaru had suspected to be Todd.

If they were together now, it appeared that his guess had not been incorrect.

Subaru: [Damnit, even though you said you wanted to go back to your fiancée, why are you here? Had you just returned to your hometown quietly… That big lying bastard…!]

Even if he groaned about things differing from what he had promised, it was not like it would make Todd disappear. Though he understood this, he had to let out his pent-up anger at least once.

After doing that, he inhaled a deep breath, exhaled, inhaled, exhaled.

And then――,

Weitz: [The next victims for Sparka…?]

Subaru: [Not necessarily. Weitz, can you help me out a little?]

Weitz: [――. Did’cha forget what I said just now…?]

The tattoo on Weitz’s face contorted as Subaru heard this, feeling the tremors under his feet.

At this time, Weitz had spoken some words. Subaru’s head was in a panic because of the aftermath of the “drug”, but he remembered them because they’d had a great impact.

Subaru: [Just lending strength, right? So please, lend me your strength.]

Weitz: [As long as ya get it, it’s fine…. So, what do ya want me to do…?]

Naturally, they were going to see the next candidates for gladiator come across the drawbridge.

He was thinking that would probably be his proposal, but Weitz, with his arms crossed, switched quickly. That strong sense of duty, and the rule he had once decided for himself, which he obstinately abided by, were truly helpful.

With great appreciation for Weitz’s personality――,

Subaru: [Just a little is fine. I need you to stall the people who came to the Island just now.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Natsuki Subaru’s only weapon, the Authority of Return by Death.

Ever since coming to the Vollachian Empire, and all while surmounting various obstacles, it had clearly been malfunctioning.

The biggest reason that came to mind was that the ongoing “infantilization” assailing Subaru was its origin.

Because his body had shrunk like it had, Return by Death had yielded behavior that was completely abnormal.

A prime example of that, were those horrible ten seconds on Chaosflame’s Crimson Lapis Castle.

It seemed those endless ten seconds had not been for the sake of saving Subaru, but rather bestowed for the sake of causing him despair; immediately after that had passed, the situation remained poor, even on the Gladiator Island he had been sent to.

It was not as bad as those ten seconds atop the castle tower, but the grace period granted now was unusually short.

This time too, he had been able to return roughly thirty minutes to the past―― when taking the time limit until everyone on the Island would begin to die into consideration, that time would become even shorter.

In other words, Subaru had to overwrite this situation in under thirty minutes.

For that purpose――,

Subaru: [First, I need time to think. ――Remember remember remember, what just happened.]

He was depending on Weitz’s benevolence, who had vigorously declared he would undertake that request to delay the arriving envoys from passing through.

However, he had also said that there would be no strategy involving Weitz himself going on a rampage.

The reason was simple, even if Weitz went on a rampage, should Arakiya be there, he would be stopped in an instant. Furthermore, if Todd were present, Weitz would be killed without mercy.

Both of those, were events Subaru wanted to avoid.

Subaru: [As they died, everyone was bleeding from their faces… Poison gas? Some sort of magic?]

He was in the middle of revealing that he intended to escape from the Gladiator Island.

Hiain, Weitz and Idra had all collapsed one after the other, and Tanza, too, had been no exception to that. Everyone died the same way, together, so he thought that probably there was no mistaking it.

If that meant the cause of death had been the same, then the other gladiators who had fallen had also―― That was not it.

Subaru: [The guards, they were also part of those who had died.]

Remembering the events that had occurred properly, there really were no exceptions in that hell.

Unable to think straight at the time, he had not checked to see if the Gladiator Beasts in the cages were still alive, but at least all the humans, without exception, had died―― that was not it, either. There had been exceptions.

Subaru: [Me, and Todd.]

Indeed, only Subaru and Todd had met face-to-face on the Island without dying.

However, though Subaru had not died, he had still felt the pain of being near death, and just like everyone else, the phenomenon of blood streaming out his face had also occurred to him. That did not seem to apply to Todd.

Since it was difficult to imagine he would be able to endure that nonchalantly, it was certain that Todd had not been subject to those means of dying.

Subaru: [If it’s poison gas, did Todd take an antidote before coming here or something? If it’s some kind of magic, was it Arakiya who used it…? Come to think of it, Arakiya was nowhere to be found.]

Although he’d had no intentions of the sort, he had briefly checked the corpses of all his acquaintances.

Tanza and the others who had collapsed in front of him, Orson and the others whom he had saved in the second Sparka, Old Man Null in the healing room, and even the guard he recognized, who had treated him coldly and harshly.

Everyone, absolutely everyone, had become motionless with blood streaming from their faces.

Subaru: [But, there are just three people I didn’t see.]

――Those were Arakiya and Gustav, alongside the fake Cecilus, making it three people.

Subaru: [――――]

Of course, Subaru did not remember every gladiator on the Island either, so he could not really declare that all of them had died. However, he could not be certain about those three.

Arakiya was someone on Todd’s side. Since she was Todd’s ally, who was probably the mastermind behind the massacre, it was only natural that she would not have died in the massacre.

However, just what had happened to the other two?

Gustav, the Chief of the Island holding the position of Governor, and the fake Cecilus, the enigmatic and suspicious juvenile.

Even on this Gladiator Island, those two held special positions――.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Indeed, just as he remembered these two special people, a bolt of lightning suddenly ran though Subaru’s mind.

The massacre that had occurred on the Island, he suspected that it had been brought about through the means of magic or poison gas. However, while a feeble possibility, there was one more thing that came to mind.

Something which possessed a large influence on the Gladiator Island only―― the “curse rule”.

The Gladiator Island Ginunhive’s gladiators were shackled by the binds of an unseen impairment.

The curse rule, if disobeyed, would even put one’s life in peril. The prospects of its candidacy were rising.

Subaru: [However, the curse rule was just an empty threat, it shouldn’t actually exist.]

Subaru himself had increased his belief in that, by risking his life in a back-and-forth with Gustav.

He had been clear in telling Gustav that he was escaping from the Gladiator Island, thus displeasing him and defying the will of the Vollachian Emperor, to whom Gustav swore allegiance.

If a curse rule truly were to exist, Gustav would have used it against him right there and then. If he did not make an example of Subaru with it, the Gladiator Island’s order would crumble.

Had he circulated the fact of there being no curse rule, there would be a rather major incident involving a riot from the gladiators.

Subaru: [No matter how much Gustav-san doesn’t want us to die, it wouldn’t be logical to bend on there. So there shouldn’t be a curse rule… No, I’m overthinking it.]

Gustav’s policy of doing as much as he could to keep his gladiators alive, whether true or not, there were grounds that made it easier to deny the curse rule’s existence. There were many, many of those lying around.

The guards had also died, not just the gladiators, was it not?

Subaru: [Gustav-san’s got no reason to kill all the guards… If you put it that way, there’s also no reason for him to kill all the gladiators out of nowhere.]

The more he thought about it, the more Gustav’s intentions seemed unrelated to the massacre.

If that were the case, narrowing down the reasoning to backtrack to the initial two options, either the mastermind Todd had scattered poison gas, or cooperating with Arakiya, had made use of some outrageous magic.

However, both of these had the exact same problem.

Subaru: [Why was I the only one on whom the effect was so weak?]

Excluding Todd, who would have taken precautions beforehand, Subaru had been the only one with mild symptoms.

What was it about Subaru that had made him alone different from everyone else who had died?

Was it because he was a child? ――No, Tanza had died.

Was it because of his behavior being different from theirs just before? ――No, Weitz had died.

Was it because race made a difference? ――No, Hiain and Idra had both died together.

Was it because he was from another world? Because he had spent time in the Kingdom? Because he had a contractual relationship with a super-cute Spirit? Because he was continuously stalked by the Witch? Because he had been “infantilized” into a smaller body? What else, what else what else what else what else, what else was there?

――Only Subaru was different from everyone else, just what was that something?

Subaru: [What’s――]

???: [――Oh, Basu, something troubling you?]

Subaru: [Woah!?]

A voice came from behind Subaru, who had been frantically racking his brain in search of possibilities.

Because it was so sudden, and because he had erased the possibility of the speaker from his mind, Subaru, squealing, turned around with eyes wide open.

Behind Subaru, walking with his hands in the sleeves of his kimono , was the fake Cecilus.

Subaru blinked his eyes in surprise several times at that attitude of his, carefree as always.

Subaru: [C-Ceci…?]

Cecilus: [Yes that’s correct, but what’s up with that reaction? You look as if me being here is an outrageous, world-shattering development. It’s true that I’m the leading actor of this world, so I can understand why you might feel daunted, but my intention was just to spend my time close to Basu at a distance where I can talk to you and touch you, y’know?]

In this way, the fake Cecilus, approaching from his front, looked down into Subaru’s face at a distance close enough that he could almost feel his breath on his face.

And with that unchanging attitude and gesture, Subaru involuntarily backed away.

Just then, from Subaru’s side, the fake Cecilus quietly looked at the view below―― from Subaru’s side as he ascended, the fake Cecilus gazed at the already-submerged drawbridge.

Cecilus: [It seems that the carriage wasn’t carrying participants for the next Sparka, but rather more distinct guests. It’s what everyone on the Island’s talking about.]

Subaru: […Ah, they seem to be emissaries from the Imperial Capital. I don’t know what they came here for, though.]

Cecilus: [When it comes to emissaries from the Imperial Capital, I can imagine that they came to inform us about the situation outside, or to make preparations concerning the next show. As you want to leave this place, Basu, wouldn’t that be good news for you?]

Subaru: [――. I’m not going to deny it.]

Subaru gave a curt response to the fake Cecilus as the latter looked at the surface of the lake, sheltering his eyes with his hand.

Frankly, this unforeseen encounter with the fake Cecilus had made Subaru unsure on how to behave toward him.

He did not believe that the fake Cecilus had committed the massacre alongside Todd and Arakiya.

But, it was true that he, who was supposedly the most feared gladiator on the Gladiator Island, had vanished in the midst of the massacre.

Subaru: [Though, it’s questionable whether my eyes were working properly…]

In such a horrific situation, by no means could he be said to have been mentally stable.

Even so, if someone had quarreled or battled within the Island, it would have been impossible for him to fail to hear it.

That was why, if he were to think about what had become of the fake Cecilus back then――,

Subaru: [Did he die somewhere I couldn’t see him, or was he not on the Island?]

But if he had not been on the Island, then where, and how?

Even at this very moment, while he was talking to the fake Cecilus, the clock was ticking down towards the time limit. Until that absurd eventuality, even though the fake Cecilus had no time to spare either.

Cecilus: [You’re not going to deny it. But your face says that you’re worried about other things, y’know.]

He thought and thought, yet Subaru got nowhere, and the fake Cecilus instinctively picked at his ambiguous words.

It was probably just guesswork, and not something like a reading of Subaru’s expression, speech, or conduct. It was intuition. Reeling in the correct interpretation was something that people like the fake Cecilus were capable of.

Since a handful of those kinds of monsters were crowding this world, Subaru’s resolve came into question.

That he would not lose, that he must not lose, that resolve.

Subaru: [Ceci, something terrible’s about to happen on the Island. Probably, those guys from the Imperial Capital are responsible. I can’t tell you the details, but…]

Cecilus: [Judging from how serious your atmosphere is, it’d be too horrifying to even put into words as well… That little deergirl and the people of Basu’s Unit are in a predicament. No, is it more like a certain-death-kinda feeling?]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Cecilus: [Weeell, Basu’s response has a splendid feeling to it, how nice! However, is that really so? I’m delighted that there are finally signs of things happening. I was so tired of waiting that I was about to die!]

Laughing with his mouth open, the fake Cecilus cheerfully stomped his feet.

Taken aback by his reaction, which was as if he were warmly welcoming trouble, then, while baring his teeth, Subaru rushed to shorten the distance between themselves.

Subaru: [Ceci! It’s not a joke! Everyone’s in trouble!]

Cecilus: [More gravitas! It’s wonderful if you’re not joking. I’d welcome it, since it’d be souring to be told that everything here was just you thinking too much, a made-up story. Crisis, predicament, and hardship, such great relief!]

Subaru: [――Hk!]

Cecilus: [Or could it be, that you truly thought I’d take your side unconditionally, Basu?]

When Subaru complained that Cecilus could not understand the gravity of the situation, Cecilus lowered his voice. It was just as if the glint in his eyes wanted to say that Subaru was the one who could not understand.

Experiencing blade-like coldness from those long-slitted blue eyes, Subaru swallowed a breath.

As the fake Cecilus broadly smiled at the silent Subaru,

Cecilus: [――Here, right here.]

Then, assailing Subaru with straightforward words, he did a twirl on the spot and outstretched his hands.

On the mountainside of the Gladiator Island, in order to set the high ground from where they overlooked the Island and half the lake as the stage. The fake Cecilus looked up to the sky, opened his mouth wide, and――,

Cecilus: [This is undoubtedly the divide! You’d asked if you could get me on your side unconditionally, but allow me to inform you that, at this very moment, you’re able to fulfill those conditions.]

Subaru: [Right now, this moment…]

Cecilus: [Yes, yes, that’s right! Basu, you enthrall me through your premonitions! Connect with me through anticipation! Make me laugh through your negotiations! And, you’re proving yourself right at the climax!]

Subaru: [――――]

Cecilus: [Come along now, oh wolf pierced by swords! All you Observers who look down upon these harsh and ruthless vast lands, see him clear! In this world, he, who is enthralling me, this very Cecilus Segmunt!]

It seemed that if he were not convinced of those existences, of spectators present beyond the heavens, he would not have been able to make that outstanding utterance.

Without exaggeration, it would be natural to doubt the sanity of the fake Cecilus’s given his eccentric behavior. Certainly, anyone on this Island would avert their eyes and not lend their ears to his conduct, however, Subaru had acquired a peculiar confidence.

That the fake Cecilus was―― No, that Cecilus Segmunt was the real deal.

This bonafide monster truly held faith that he could speak to the world, and that if the world truly possessed a mind of its own, then it would be unable to take its eyes off him.

This little monster had been overflowing with that much presence and cogency.

Subaru: [I’m…]

Cecilus: [What was that?]

Subaru: [I’m going to make you my comrade. I’m gonna work you hard, that’s what I’ve decided.]

While being overwhelmed, though it was not the time for it, Subaru put his hand against his chest and spoke out.

Firmly setting his eyes on the other person, he declared that.

Cecilus: [――That impulsiveness, I don’t dislike it, rather, I quite like it.]

He conceived a smile as he spoke, however, this had not been the same carefree smile Cecilus had wore until now, but rather a smile of merely relaxing his lips as he responded to Subaru.

Perhaps it was a sign that Cecilus had undoubtedly recognized Subaru as a contender.

Immediately following that――,

Cecilus: [――I see.]

Tightening the lips that had just displayed a smile, Cecilus gently stroked his chin with a finger.

His chin, onto which blood had trickled down from his finely shaped nose, then from which it fell.

Subaru: [Wha…!?]

Seeing fresh blood spilling from Cecilus’s nose, Subaru hurriedly looked over the hand railing.

It was not like he could see inside of rooms or into the basement by looking down onto the Island, but even so, from what he could see here and there, he understood that there many figures, collapsed, belonging to many people.

The massacre, had begun.

Begun, in the time Subaru had been using to put the situation in order and consider the possibilities carefully.

Death had violently ravaged the people throughout the island, harvesting lives without exception.

Indeed, without exception――.

Cecilus: [Uh-oh.]

Subaru: [Ceci!?]

As he pulled himself away from the railing, Subaru also felt a sting inside his nose, but he was more worried about Cecilus, who had sat down next to him.

Cecilus rested his back against the railing, perspiring as he slumped down into a cross-legged sitting position.

He had an easygoing attitude, but the blood coming from his nose, which he was holding down with his hand, had not ceased.

Subaru: [A-are you, okay?]

Cecilus: [Well, this sure seems tricky. This is a quite formidable enemy, Basu. Concerning this opponent, does there happen to be any shortcomings you’re aware of?]

Subaru: [Is this the time to be saying that!? You’re bleeding from your nose, and from your eyes too!]

Cecilus: [I see… Even though I was proud to say that I’d never spilled a drop of blood ’til now.]

Even as they spoke, blood flowed from the sitting Cecilus’s eyes.

Cecilus’s state was becoming so awful that it was hard to look at it, but it was frightening that even with the blood pouring out of his nose, his tone of voice had not changed in the slightest.

However, the scariest thing about Cecilus, had not been that.

Subaru: [Aren’t you… afraid of dying…?]

Cecilus: [People die, after all.]

Subaru: [――――]

While understanding that what was drawing ever closer to him was imminent Death, Cecilus responded without any hesitation.

Without hesitation, without bewilderment, without fear, without anxiety, without nervousness, without regret.

Unlike Subaru, no place should lay beyond his death.

Even so, Cecilus held no fear towards Death, supposedly the most feared thing among living beings.

And so, without showing any fear of Death――,

Cecilus: [――――]

The hand holding his nose down dropped, and as if to conceal the bloodstain, his sleeve enshrouded his arm, and, with his back resting against the fence, Cecilus became motionless.

His eyelids were closed and cast down, and without even a twitch, he became unable to move.

Subaru clearly understood what that meant.

And then――,

Subaru: [ Khoff ]

The hand he placed over his coughing mouth was stained with blood; Death had been looming closer to Subaru as well.

△▼△▼△▼△

The same, the very same devastating scene dominated the Gladiator Island in its entirety.

Subaru: [――――]

Slowly dragging his feet, Subaru wandered around the Island, searching for survivors.

However, now that even Cecilus was out of the running, as if living up to Subaru’s tattered expectations, there was no occurrence of such an entity appearing.

Subaru: [Tanza, and the others too, and even Old Man Null…]

Every single one of them had collapsed, and lost their lives.

Shutting the eyelids on everyone’s astonished faces, as they were unable to comprehend the events that had occurred, and cleaning their faces somewhat, was the best that Subaru could do for them.

Subaru: [Sorry, Tanza…]

He had failed. He had erred in his procedure.

He should have told Tanza and the others about the danger as well, he should have had them take some kind of precautions.

If only they had stayed together, after converging with Tanza and the others and before ascending to the vantage point. If only he had been able to make her at ease and not let her die. That girl, who was anxious about this place in which she could not rely on anyone, who knew nothing of the situation.

Until he found their bodies, he had not even thought about such an obvious thing.

Subaru: [――――]

Having wandered around the Island, he had seen that all the guards were dead as well.

The way they had died was the same as the gladiators; everyone had bled to death, blood coming out from their faces. Along that way, he had gone go see the cages where the Gladiator Beasts were locked up, and there Subaru saw that all of them, too, had died.

They had collapsed in their cages, bleeding from their eyes and noses, having died in the same way the humans had.

Subaru: […I guess that means I’m more durable.]

While near death, he made a joke that the lifeless Gladiator Beasts did not laugh at.

It was difficult to breathe because his nose was completely blocked by blood. His eyes had also become moist and misty, and upon wiping them with his fingers, it was like a faint red curtain would cover them.

Towards Subaru, and Subaru only, slowly approached an absolutely disgusting Death God.

To that disgusting Death God, Subaru erected his trembling middle finger.

And then――,

???: [――Hey you, what are you doing in a place like this?]

In the middle stratum of the Island, in the place known as the courtyard, the Death God muttered as he cracked the bones in his neck.

Wearing a black bandana and giving the outward appearance of a friendly young man, was the Death God―― Todd. As he looked at Subaru, who had raised the middle finger towards him, he gradually drew closer.

Todd: [As you can see, I’d thought every guy on the Island had died, but…]

Todd skillfully pulled out a large knife, wearing a puzzled face as he looked at Subaru.

In many ways, he was probably thinking he had gotten into an unexplainable situation. Meeting a living person here must have been outside of Todd’s expectations.

The feeling of falling into an ambush, certainly had also been ominous to Todd.

However, Subaru knew that if he waited here, he would come.

If he could finish this without meeting him, he would rather have that, but this was a confrontation he could not avoid no matter what.

There was no one else left alive anymore, and in the time until Subaru died, the only one to have any chance of speaking to him was this Death God.

Todd: [――――]

The look in his eyes lacked negligence, but there was no hesitation in his approaching steps. It was not so much an attitude of looking down upon Subaru, but more of an attitude of not viewing Subaru as a problem.

That he was underestimating Subaru because he was a child, could not be the case.

Without letting out jokes or metaphors, Subaru was already at the point of death. If one were to be overly cautious towards a helpless child about to die, that would not be cautiousness, but rather cowardice.

Though, Todd could be spoken of as cunning and cautious, not as cowardly.

――Facing him, Subaru, who had let the girl’s Death go by through his stupidity, was thinking.

Even though Todd had appeared just as he had wished, he was not sure if things from now would go as he wished.

Even if he had a chance, Todd was not a person who would give hints easily. He did not have the kindness to give a helpless dying child something to help them die in peace.

If so, against this cold-blooded Death God, how could he bring back some form of information?

Maybe, there was just one thing.

Even if he did extremely well, the information he could get was just one thing.

That one thing, he had to make it something worth his while.

Todd: [――――]

Step-by-step, the distance between Subaru and Todd diminished.

As soon as this distance reached zero, it would not be surprising for the other party to stab Subaru and bring him death mutely. With his head and body lacking oxygen, he had to draw the correct answer.

It was Todd who committed this massacre on the Island. There was no use in asking.

Who was still alive? It would be useless to ask that. There would be no meaning.

Where was Arakiya? As much as he would like to know that, he did not think Todd would answer him. It would be useless.

What had happened to Gustav? That, like Arakiya, would be a useless shot.

Then, what remained, was it the method behind the massacre?

Todd: [――――]

Poison gas, was not it. Subaru had erased that option from his mind.

Halfway up the Island’s mountain, Subaru had happened upon Cecilus at the vantage point, and had decided to stay there after all. ――If the answer to the massacre were to be poison gas, then he would have been safe with the strong winds of the vantage point, probably.

But as it turned out, neither Subaru nor Cecilus had escaped the carnage of the massacre. The possibility of poison gas was quite low, considering those outside and on the Island had also collapsed.

Then, the other possibility was――,

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Magic, from Arakiya. Arakiya, who had appeared together with Todd, had utilized some kind of slaughter magic to annihilate the gladiators, the guards, and the Gladiator Beasts on the Island.

If he could acquire that certainty, then, next time, next time he would go about things in actual proper fashion.

If he could, acquire that certainty――.

???: [――Here, right here.]

That instant, an auditory hallucination dominated Subaru’s mind.

The voice of the star actor, who should no longer be among them, yielded a heat within Subaru’s weak thinking.

And then, as if that heat was urging him to do so, he opened his mouth and――,

Subaru: [――THE CURSE RULE!!]

The possibility he had once erased, albeit unable to do it fully; he shouted it in a loud voice toward the Death God.

That bloodcurdling voice from Subaru was an inescapable attack, one which seized hold of the Death God. And then, the instant he heard that shout, the Death God―― Todd, moved.

Todd: [Die.]

The hint of suspicion, the bothersome air, just about everything disappeared, leaving only the intent to kill.

If one were to see it in a sane state, that murderous intent was so thick and dense they would almost faint. With that in his eyes and a knife in his hand, Todd leapt at Subaru in a single breath’s time.

Subaru: [Kah.]

The thrust of the cold blade buried it deep into Subaru’s chest.

Without a shred of mercy, the knife clawed through everything vital within his chest, and was wrenched out with a twist, to ensure that he would never be saved.

A gush of blood spurted, staining Todd’s blank face with fresh blood.

Subaru: [――Ghuh.]

He had been stabbed, and then, the blade had been yanked out; the force of that had flung his body onto the hard ground. The blood rushed through his throat with a vigor he had never experienced before, as he spit out a gulp of blood alongside the packaged “drug”.

He had bit down, but failed to tear the envelope. But, this wound did not require the “drug”.

Todd: [From the inside of your mouth, are you sane?]

As he picked up the red-tinged package with his fingers and sniffed it, Todd muttered. Could he tell from the smell alone that the contents were dangerous, or had he guessed because it had come out of Subaru’s mouth?

Either way, it did not matter. It was something that Subaru could no longer reach.

Only, only, if there was something he wanted to say, that would be.

Subaru: […thing.]

Todd: [――What?]

Subaru: [One, thing.]

The one thing, he had grasped it.

His expression changing, giving it precedence above all else, he hastily killed Subaru.

That was why, Subaru had grasped it.

Subaru: [Curs――]

He had grasped it, he had grasped it, and then, died.

In exchange for dying, he had grasped it.

――That which had been responsible for the killings upon the Gladiator Island Ginunhive, was the “curse rule” that supposedly did not exist.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch Cult Translations is recruiting! We’re currently looking for machine translators and Japanese to English checkers. If you’re interested in either of these roles, you can leave a reply in the comments below with your contact information, send a DM to @WCTranslations , or contact Ice#6557 on Discord.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 71: Water ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The “curse rule” that supposedly did not exist, had been activated to kill everyone on the Gladiator Island.

What had taken Subaru’s life at the very final moment, had been the sharpness of a cold knife.

However, just before that, the sensation of slowly dying from edges of his body had eaten into Subaru without any room for doubt, working to ensure he died a cruel death.

Ultimately, everyone aside from Subaru―― the gladiators, Tanza and the others included, as well as the guards and Gladiator Beasts, which were supposedly on the administration side of the Island, and even Cecilus, had died in an instant for reasons unknown.

As somewhat of an exception, Subaru had been the only one to outlive it, but just why in the world had that been?

Perhaps that question was one for which an answer could not be produced, even if one thought about it.

There was no person he could ask for the answer, and he thought it was not worth the time or brain cells.

Instead, he needed to focus on the information he could reliably gather.

Subaru: [That reaction from Todd… The answer is the curse rule.]

On the verge of death, with a brain short of blood, he’d had to choose between two options, but he had obtained the correct answer.

Had Subaru not rethought things there, fixated on the idea that it had been due to Arakiya’s magic, he would not have been able to return with that conviction.

Precisely because he had struck true, Todd had made the decision to kill Subaru in that split second.

He had concluded that Subaru was not a child on the verge of death, but a risk which he must kill immediately.

The speed with which Todd had switched gears, was the basis for Subaru’s conclusion that the culprit had been the curse rule.

Subaru: [But, why the curse rule?]

Now that the possibility of poison gas had been eliminated and evidence in favor of the curse rule had emerged, he no longer intended on entertaining the idea that the curse rule was just a scare tactic and did not exist.

But if that were the case, then Gustav’s behavior was now far too unnatural.

The basis for Subaru concluding that there was no curse rule, was that Gustav had not punished him using the curse rule, even though the Subaru had defied the rules of the Gladiator Island and had dangerously attempted to destroy order.

Certainly, Gustav did not seem eager to let the gladiators die, but when comparing the Island’s order to Subaru alone, it made no sense for him to hesitate to make use of the curse rule.

That was why, thinking about it the other way――,

Subaru: [――When I provoked him, even though Gustav-san wanted to use the curse rule, he did not use it. But, when everyone on the Island was killed, had the conditions to use it been fulfilled?]

For the time being, that was the arrangement of the events that had taken place that he could consider with the information he currently had.

Subaru: […Gustav-san’s an enemy, huh?]

Since the curse rule had been employed, in all likelihood, the Chief, Gustav, was an enemy to Subaru and the others.

In other words, with Gustav joining Todd and Arakiya, and it could be said that those were the three enemies. It was good to know with certainty that Cecilus was not an enemy, but at the same time, it was not enough for him to be pleased.

Since that curse rule was a threat of such caliber, that it had even taken Cecilus’s life.

Subaru: [――――]

In exchange for the information he had obtained, more and more bad ingredients were thrown into the cauldron.

Was it possible to filter through the contents of a cauldron of darkness boiling gently, and see all the way through to the bottom?

Thus, as far as the bad ingredients were, those were things he had to get rid of.

The reason was――,

???: [Schwartz…!]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

???: [This shaking is…]

Subaru was crouching down, clutching his chest where no wound was present, only the leftover shock of being stabbed.

Weitz, who had been worrying over Subaru, was surprised to feel a tremor coming up from under his feet. Of course, Subaru had known this was coming, and what the reason for this shaking was.

He knew, but there was a big problem.

――The grace period until the drawbridge would begin to move, had been shorter than it had been for his previous retrial upon Death.

△▼△▼△▼△

If he turned away from what he did not want to think about and covered his ears, the matter would be settled without him having to feel down.

But if he were to do that, and were to turn his mindset into one of a loser, there would be no way to overcome the impending defeat.

That was why, no matter how unpleasant reality was, he could not close his eyes and cover his ears.

――Even if that reality was, for instance, the restart point having moved forward by ten seconds.

Subaru: [――――]

The Authority of Return by Death possessed by Subaru had been yielding abnormalities, which had been particularly acting up recently.

In addition to setting unusual restart points, this time there was a slight discrepancy in time―― the grace period had been shortened by ten seconds.

This was an anomaly different from previous cases, in which grace periods would be extremely limited, making it a perfect situation for fueling Subaru’s sense of anxiety and despair.

This time it had shortened by about ten seconds, but there was no guarantee that it would not shorten further.

If this anomaly continued to occur over and over again, until finally the time to death became less than a second, or if it even became impossible to Return by Death in the first place anymore, what would be left for Subaru to be able to do?

Even if he did not wish make plans based upon Return by Death, he would still consider the possibility of using Return by Death.

Now that he was smaller, Subaru was more helpless than before he shrank. This Empire’s realms were not so kind as to allow him to rest on his laurels only because he was adorable.

Therefore――,

× × ×

???: [O-oi, Schwartz… Are we seriously just gonna sit there?]

Subaru: [Seriously. I’m begging you, this is a big one, don’t freak out this time, Hiain.]

???: [I won’t! I won’t, but…]

Thus, Hiain, who was right beside Subaru, bit his teeth and hesitated to speak, his voice trembling so much that everyone could tell he was just acting strong.

Subaru could understand why Hiain would be frightened and try to get him to reconsider.

If they were found, they would not get a free pass; Hiain had no idea why Subaru would want to do such a reckless thing.

However, if Subaru were to talk about the events that would ensue with honesty, whether he believed it or not, there was no doubt that Hiain would not cooperate with Subaru.

For that reason, Subaru had tricked Hiain into cooperating under false pretenses.

He was willing to be somewhat reckless with Hiain in order to obtain information that he could not ignore.

That information that Hiain also could not ignore was――,

Hiain: [Shit, envoys from the Imperial Capital’re comin’ to talk ’bout a show…? Ya gotta be kiddin’ me…!]

Subaru: [――. I’ve asked Weitz to buy us some time. We’re gonna go get the details.]

Hiain: [Got’cha, I got’cha, I really do…]

Impatient and frustrated, Hiain was concerned about the island’s events―― a showcase of deathmatches involving the gladiators, the primary reason why Ginunhive was being run.

After having survived Sparka, and having been provided with an environment in which it was difficult to perish in a deathmatch between gladiators for the purpose of training, the biggest threat to one’s life would be an event being held.

Falsely claiming to have information about the upcoming show, Subaru had requested help from Hiain.

As a result――,

???: [――Come in. Allow me to hear what you have to say.]

With a stern voice, the sound of a door being opened echoed through the room.

Two log-like arms threw the entrance open, and the atmosphere turned heavy with the return of the room’s owner.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru shut his mouth at their entrance and tapped Hiain beside him on the shoulder. Hiain too, responded silently, as if resolving himself for a situation they could no longer back out of.

It was only natural. Subaru and Hiain could no longer afford to screw up.

The reason being――,

???: [General First-Class Arakiya, and…]

???: [Todd.]

A straightforward female voice answered Gustav’s words, the person of a large build who had opened the door. There was a hint of a strained smile at that short, unkind answer,

Todd: [Private First-Class Todd Fang. For the time being, just until this task is finished.]

So followed the voice of a man, as if it were crushing Subaru’s very soul.

With no regard for Subaru’s feelings, the two people who being guided―― Todd and the brown-skinned woman with an eyepatch, Arakiya, entered the room.

The room was Gustav’s office. The room to which Subaru had also been summoned for a stern warning the other day; Todd and Arakiya stepped in, as emissaries from the Imperial Capital.

Todd: [Though it’s for someone with a position like that of Governor, it’s a terribly plain room.]

In the middle of the room, standing to the side of the guest sofa, Todd surveyed his surroundings.

Admittedly, the things contained within Gustav’s room were few. With a work desk and bookcase, it could be said to be a room that matched its label as an office, containing naught but the necessities for carrying out his work.

It was understandable why he was paying attention to that point. But, Subaru wished that he would not look around.

And especially, not in the direction of the bookshelf in the corner of the room.

× × ×

Gustav: [――. It is an office. I have assembled everything I, in my capacity, need. Are you here to conduct an inspection?]

Todd: [Not at all, I’m just General First-Class Arakiya’s assistant. The General is very particular and has no subordinates but me.]

Arakiya: [Few in number, but elite.]

Todd: [Saying I’m elite, I feel that evaluation’s a bit impolite to my superiors.]

Todd shrugged at Gustav, who closed the door to his room and headed for his work desk. Todd slowly sat down on the sofa, his expression unchanged by Arakiya’s subsequent words.

With that gaze now removed from the bookshelf, inwardly, Subaru took a very, very big sigh of relief.

It had been an unthinkably tense moment.

No matter how much he thought about it, the one who had repainted the worst situation with fear had been Todd.

That was why, from the bottom of his heart, he was afraid that he might be noticed again.

――Beside the bookcase, while covered by Hiain camouflaging against the surrounding scenery, Subaru was listening intently to this situation.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru had asked Weitz to stall the incoming carriage, and during that time, he and Hiain had trespassed into Gustav’s office, hiding themselves using camouflage.

While there was a precedent of stalling being successful, whether the camouflage could be detected or not was something that could not be known without trying. He thought that he had understood the mechanism of Hiain’s camouflage through the first Sparka and their conversations afterwards, but his conviction in it was a different matter.

The precision of Hiain’s camouflage was influenced more by his nerve while remaining motionless, rather than the state of his mind and body. Were he to have the guts to stay still, he would be almost invisible, being assimilated into the scenery. He could hug Subaru’s small body, so that the same effect would apply on him as well.

However, as soon as he moved, the ambience of the camouflaged scales would become disorderly, and turning it very much like a child playing hide-and-seek; they would be in full view of everyone.

In their fight against that lion-like Gladiator Beast, his scaredy-cat nature had caused him to die many a times. It was Hiain’s own weak heart that hampered his strong points.

――However, the camouflaging he was performing right now should be able to tackle those weak points, to better them.

Subaru: [If they don’t find us, we won’t have to worry about them doing anything to us. The coming emissaries are a Divine General and her sharp-eyed second-in-command, but as long as your camouflage doesn’t waver, you’ll be fine. Besides――]

Hiain: [B-besides…?]

Subaru: [――I’ll be with you.]

Before they went into the office, Subaru looked him straight in the eye and told him that.

Even though they were the words of an audacious child with short arms and legs and a voice that had yet to become deeper, they had reached Hiain, whose friends’ lives he had saved. Indeed, it seemed to resonate with him.

――That was why, this was the “first time” Hiain’s camouflage had gone undetected.

Just what had Arakiya, and her second-in-command Todd, have come to the Island to discuss with Gustav beyond this point? This was the first time that conversation was able to begin.

Gustav: [General First-Class Arakiya, would you care to take a seat?]

Arakiya: […I’ll stand. Since, I can’t settle down.]

Gustav: [You cannot settle down?]

Arakiya: [It seems various things have happened since I came to the Island. I guess, it’s because a Dragon’s nest is nearby.]

Even when encouraged to take a seat, Arakiya shook her head and remained standing. Her second-in-command, Todd, sat on the sofa, with Arakiya standing behind him.

Even so, the picture of Todd with his boss behind him did not feel out of place to Subaru, perhaps because he had too much of an image of Todd as someone very powerful and dreadful.

The moment Hiain’s camouflage had become slightly distorted, he had gone straight for the kill, so it was impossible to not be cautious of someone like that. But――.

Gustav: [If that is fine with you, then it is no problem to me, as the official. So, the purpose of this visit is…]

Todd: [I appreciate being able to get right to work. We don’t want to take too long either. General First-Class, permission to hand over the letter?]

Arakiya: [Do as you please.]

Todd: [I’m grateful. Governor, this is a letter from the Imperial Capital, from the Prime Minister.]

While Arakiya was quite literally standing there like a decoration, Todd took the letter out of his pocket and handed it over to Gustav. Now in Gustav’s hand, the letter was sealed with a proper waxen seal, as to indicate the sender.

Though Subaru was unable confirm the imprint mark.

Subaru: [Imperial, Prime Minister…]

As Todd explained who had entrusted them with the letter, his words made Subaru’s tongue dry up.

As he recalled, according to what Subaru had heard from the disagreeable Abel, the person in the position of Prime Minister was one of the main culprits for Abel having been driven out of the Imperial Capital.

Gustav had received a letter from the wicked Prime Minister who had chased out the Emperor of poor character. Moreover, the one who had delivered the letter was the human devil, Todd.

Considering the massacre that would occur on the Gladiator Island after this, this letter was nothing but a bad premonition.

Todd: [High Count Gustav Morello, I heard that you were assigned to this island as Governor by the order of His Excellency the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia.]

Gustav: [There are no discrepancies in your understanding.]

Todd: [Even though it was by the order of His Excellency the Emperor, a loathed job such as the management of the Gladiator Island Ginunhive isn’t suitable for someone such as a blood relative of the hero of Vollachia, Kurgan, the Eight-Arms.]

As if to support Subaru’s premonition, the atmosphere of the room tingled with an intent to kill.

The cause was Todd’s rude, rambling manner of speaking. And Subaru knew what made Gustav the angriest based on their previous encounters.

The reason behind Gustav’s anger, more-so than what had been said about himself, was――,

Gustav: [――That manner of speaking, do you doubt the honorable judgment of His Excellency the Emperor?]

That anger was due to disloyalty towards His Excellency the Emperor, or in other words, disloyalty towards Abel, who was Vincent.

× × ×

Todd: [――――]

At the stern air Gustav emitted, Arakiya suddenly lined up next to Todd.

Arakiya’s face did not show what she was thinking, but that action alone made Subaru think that Gustav’s extreme loyalty would be crushed with force.

However, saying “General First-Class” while holding up his hand, it was none other than Todd himself who stopped Arakiya’s threat.

Todd: [Just now, I went too far with my words. The Governor’s anger is justified.]

Arakiya: […But, I won’t let you die. You need to exact vengeance for your friend. Right?]

Todd: [――. Ah, of course, that’s right. Right now, that’s the purpose I live for.]

Despite reprimanding Arakiya’s attitude, Todd’s face showed sadness as he answered.

Vengeance for his friend, so had Arakiya pointed out towards Todd; Subaru could not help but bend his lips as he tried to not miss a single thing they said.

Todd, and vengeance, they were words with such terribly poor compatibility.

Subaru did not know Todd well enough to say that, but he supposed it meant that Todd had people who were important to him.

Neglecting his fiancée despite wanting to see her so badly, he had come to this island to kill a lot of people.

Todd: [I’m sorry for speaking so thoughtlessly, Governor. General First-Class Arakiya and I have some external concerns. Because of that, my behavior was inadequate. I apologize.]

Gustav: […I accept your apology. But, going too far with what you say can invite disaster.]

Todd: [As far as that goes, it is painfully true to hear. I’m very, very aware of that.]

Todd, who had held Arakiya back, made a bitter face at Gustav’s advice. Ignoring Todd’s reaction, Gustav cracked the wax seal with his thick fingers, and opened the letter.

The Imperial Prime Minister, the person who was responsible for the current havoc within the Empire, the contents of his letter were――,

Gustav: [――This is…]

Todd: [It was the intention of my impolite talk earlier, I didn’t mean to offend. I just wanted to say that if the Governor’s tired of managing the Gladiator Island, that’s completely fine.]

As Gustav ran his eyes over the letter, small wrinkles were notched into his rock-like face. Todd closed one eye as it seemed like a crack had been made on a real rock, and that crack was spreading.

Leaving Arakiya silent, Todd continued, appearing as if he was the main representative emissary.

Todd: [The gladiators of this Island are liable to cause internal conflict. In accordance with His Excellency the Emperor’s wishes, they are to be disposed of, all at once.]

△▼△▼△▼△

× × ×

Matter-of-factly, with a deadpan delivery as if he were just talking about taking out the trash on garbage collection day, Todd had made a firm request to Gustav for the gladiators of the Gladiator Island―― for several hundreds of people, to be disposed of.

Subaru: [――――]

The only reason Subaru had been able to stomach that forecast of the worst outcome being right on the mark, was that he had already seen the massacre actually killing everyone on the island, and had henceforth steeled his heart.

Thus, it was a miracle that Hiain, who had received a bolt from the blue, did not scream.

Although, it would be more accurate to say that he was far too dumbfounded to grasp the situation.

Subaru: [――――]

That singular voice had been so devoid of any sense of reality, that Hiain had forgotten to even move.

However, although they had gotten past through the lucky break of the camouflage not coming undone, Subaru could not help but bite down on his molars.

This request, it had led to the activation of the curse rule that would kill everyone on the Island.

As expected, it was just as he feared, Todd and Arakiya, and finally Gustav, had become his enemies.

As long as he could not stop those three from committing that heinous act, he would not be able to prevent that massacre.

Gustav: [Fear of internal trouble, you say…]

Todd: [Internal trouble is internal trouble, it’s something that, with its insolence, darkens the gracious influence of His Excellency the Emperor. Be that as it may, the Prime Minister does not believe that it is something Gustav is sheltering. The Governor’s loyalty is the real thing.]

Gustav: [――――]

Todd: [For that reason, it must cause your heart to anguish. I am told that ever since the Governor was appointed to this Island, the quality of the gladiators unveiled at the shows is incomparable to what it used to be.]

While ordering the disposal of those gladiators, Todd’s attitude was one of showing appreciation for Gustav’s work.

As he looked down at the letter, Gustav’s expression did not shift. Just how had Todd’s words been resonating within him? Lacking freedom as he watched the situation, Subaru did not comprehend.

Gustav: [――. By decreasing the risk of needless deaths, by allowing them to acquire the foundations of how to fight, and by having them stand side-by-side rather than outmaneuvering others, the quality of the gladiators who survive shall improve.]

But, in Gustav’s own notions, having performed the administration of the Gladiator Island, it felt as if there had been something like pride in the tone of his voice as he calmly responded.

Instead of making the gladiators into a mere spectacle, Gustav had trained them, nurtured them, and reformed the rules of the Island in order to win the favor of both the Emperor and his subjects.

Probably, gentleness akin to attachment or affection towards the gladiators had not been present there.

It was Gustav’s decision as the person placed in the position of Governor, and only that.

Arakiya: [Finished? Talking, that is.]

So Arakiya asked of Gustav, who had placed all four of his hands atop the desk on which he had placed the letter as he closed his eyes.

It was an insensitive question that completely ignored the flow of the conversation, something that Subaru might have reacted to with anger and a flushed face, had he been in Gustav’s shoes.

But, Gustav did not object to it, and Todd simply took it as a given.

Todd: [I’ve heard of a curse rule that’d be very convenient for the disposal. It seems that you have a curse tool given to you by General First-Class Groovy Gumlet, of the Nine Divine Generals. Using that, you can get them all in one go, or something.]

× × ×

Gustav: [It is possible.]

Todd: [Then this’ll be a quick affair. Let’s get this over with and head back to the Imperial Capital together. We’ll need some time to prepare the new gladiators, so we’ll have to shut down Ginunhive for a while――]

Todd spoke as one might at the end of a class, putting away all the supplies he had used. The lack of seriousness in the way he spoke interfered with Hiain’s ability to reboot, his thinking still shut down.

However, even if Hiain had yet to reboot, it seemed like they were running out of time towards the great trigger.

If Gustav were to activate the curse rule in accordance with the written decree brought by Todd and Arakiya, total annihilation would follow.

Knowing that it was a capricious and unstoppable future, the only way to stop it was for Subaru to make a move here. But, just how should he act?

He already had the perfect notion that if he were to himself without a plan, he would be killed on the spot.

On the other hand, even if they tried to take the one who was probably able to make use of the curse rule, Gustav, he was significantly stronger than both Subaru and Hiain――.

Gustav: [――I refuse.]

And so Gustav declined Todd and Arakiya’s demands, so he would take advantage of that. Take advantage.

Advantage, taking advantage, what would that be?

Todd: […What?]

Subaru, desperately trying to wrack his brain, was just as scrambled in his thoughts as Hiain was.

In contrast to Subaru, who had lost his train of thought, Todd’s voice was unfeeling and sharp.

Subaru felt as if the atmosphere in the room had become more thick and viscous.

That change in temperature was fundamentally different to the time Gustav had gotten offended by Todd’s manner of speaking. It was not the heat or moisture in the atmosphere, but rather, what had changed was its very color.

Clad in that atmosphere, staring at Gustav, who had his hands on his desk, Todd said,

Todd: [Is there any discrepancy between the contents of the written decree and what you understand from our end?]

Gustav: [No. The letter contains the same information you have just given me. The Prime Minister’s name and his seal are not misprinted.]

Todd: [If that’s the case, then what kind of intent are you expressing?]

Spreading his arms out, Todd asked this of Gustav, who had thrust aside his demands.

Subaru, too, did not understand anything that was going on. Gustav had rejected the demands Todd had brought from the Imperial Capital to purge all the gladiators on Gladiator Island by utilizing the curse rule.

Just why? The reason was――,

Gustav: [――As the official, I have been ordered by His Excellency the Emperor. In preparation for the emergency, strive to develop the gladiators, trained in both body and mind.]

Todd: [The seal of the Prime Minister reflects the will of His Excellency the Emperor. Are you saying that, because it conflicts with what your orders from beforehand, you’re unable to make a decision? The written decree is the real thing, you know.]

Gustav: [I do not suspect forgery. I accept it as a written decree from the Prime Minister.]

Todd: […But it’s still not worth considering?]

Frowning, Todd turned his discerning eyes toward Gustav, someone he could not understand.

For just this time, Subaru shared the same opinion as Todd. Even though he was grateful that Gustav had brushed off the demands, he had no idea of the true motives behind that.

Then, in front of Subaru and Todd, who were harboring identical bewilderment, Gustav continued.

Gustav: [From His Excellency the Emperor, I have directly been given orders.]

Todd: [Like I said, the written decree is retracting that, and telling you to obey the next orders…]

Gustav: [The order of His Excellency the Emperor, came when I was installed as the Governor of this Island.]

Interrupting Todd’s words, Gustav was stating the basis for his option. Several years ago, the time when Gustav had been appointed as Governor of the Gladiator Island.

That was――,

Gustav: [His Excellency the Emperor told me this. “――Even if you receive orders from me, do not disobey this first order.”]

Todd: [――――]

Those were undoubtedly the words that would guide Gustav, who had been placed in this situation.

Those words had foreseen that Gustav would be placed in this situation. Something like “proper preparation” was not adequate in the least, so it was an order that could not have been established without prescient foresight.

Because of the Vollachian Emperor, Vincent―― no, because of Abel, there were preparations for the future.

Todd: [So, what you’re saying is, because you have previous orders from His Excellency the Emperor, you cannot obey His Excellency the Emperor’s current orders?]

Gustav: [He also told me that I need not know the reason. As the official, I agree. Regardless of whether I know or not, the duties that I, in my capacity, must carry out, do not change.]

Shaking his head, Gustav firmly responded to Todd’s question.

Todd slightly narrowed his eyes as he faced Gustav, who maintained his resolute attitude. That his gaze was trying to somehow persuade Gustav, was not what his face suggested he was thinking.

After all, he no longer had any reason to exhaust his words trying to persuade the resolute man who refused to listen.

In other words――,

Todd: [Arakiya. ――Negotiations have broken down.]

Gustav: [――Hk!]

Like that, Todd spoke to Arakiya in a flat voice.

The subsequent instant, before a fatal situation arrived, Gustav grabbed all four sides of the desk with all four of his arms, and was about to lift it up and throw it at the two visitors.

As the muscles in his thick, strong arms bulged, he easily lifted the desk, which seemed to weigh close to a hundred kilograms――,

Arakiya: [Slosh――]

Together with that unfeeling chant, Arakiya pointed the wooden branch she held towards Gustav.

Immediately subsequent to that, an immensely powerful jet of water spurted from the tip of the wand, blowing away Gustav’s stone-like face in its entirety alongside everything else above his neck, and that life of his transformed into a deceased one.

△▼△▼△▼△

There was a heavy thud, and the desk whose legs had been lifted for a moment fell to the floor. A beat later, as if trying to throw the desk using his entire being, Gustav’s body, having lost everything upwards of its neck, collapsed to the ground.

A large amount of blood gushed from the wound on his neck, where he had lost his head, which dirtied the floor of the office non-stop.

The fresh blood that spread seemed to insist on Gustav’s quick death, which did not feel real.

Todd: [People of the Multi-Arm Tribe, they sure are the same no matter how many arms they got. If anything, just go and get some more heads.]

Todd cracked the bones in his neck while looking at the dead Gustav. Then he looked back at Arakiya, who was staring intently at the tip of her branch, and asked “What’s wrong?” as he tilted his head.

Todd: [No way, you couldn’t be surprised by your own power, right?]

Arakiya: [Incorrect. But, I’m surprised… So much power, with mere water.]

Todd: [Oh, that, huh. If you’re aiming for a crowd of people who are spread out, then fire’s better, but if your opponent is one person, then water’s definitely the best. Next time, just put one glass of water’s worth or thereabouts inside your opponent’s head, that’d be enough.]

Arakiya: [Understood… Todd?]

While suggesting some frightening things, Todd walked up to Gustav’s corpse. As she cast her eyebrows down, Arakiya called out to him, who had drawn a somewhat large knife from his side.

Not answering her call, Todd went around behind the corpse atop the desk, and thrusting his knife into its thick back without mercy, he sliced it open vertically.

It was a method sparing no quarter, as if carving up a fish.

There was a large quantity of blood flowing from the neck, but the spurts of blood from the already-dead body were minimal; even so, while basking in an amount of blood that was not small in the least, Todd dissected Gustav’s body.

Subaru: [――――]

Reflexively averting his eyes from that scene, Subaru became aware of his own trembling.

Until now, Subaru had considered Todd to be a dreadful enemy, but this was the first time he had seen him involved in such grotesque conduct. ――To think that he would take a person, and dissect them as if they were an animal.

Todd’s violence was consistently focused straight on the goal of eliminating enemies and danger.

If he had such a liking towards defiling a corpse in this way, Subaru wondered if every time, after Todd had killed him, his own corpse had been defiled in the same fashion.

Thinking this, an unbearable sense of dread and feeling of revulsion dominated his entire body.

Amidst the unpleasant noises that made him want to plug his ears, Subaru was unable to do so.

Even in a scenario that made him want to kill his emotions by instinct, he never knew what could be lurking there. Perhaps when running away from Todd, if there were corpses nearby, then he might get distracted by them.

And why he was thinking about such a stupid thing was――,

Todd: [――There it is.]

Arakiya: [――? What is?]

Suddenly, that unpleasant wet sound came to an end, and Todd and Arakiya’s conversation shifted.

Arakiya, too, had lowered her voice at Todd’s vulgar taste, to which Todd had replied quite indifferently, wiping the blood splattered on his cheek with the back of his hand.

Todd: [It’s the curse tool y’know, the curse tool. I figured someone like him would keep it embedded in his body somehow.]

Arakiya: [Curse tool…]

Todd: [It’s necessary to activate the curse rule… Ah, it’s fine if you don’t know. Anyhow.]

While saying that, what Todd had pulled out of Gustav’s body was what appeared to be a black orb, which had been embedded dead center in his large body.

The orb Todd had called the curse tool was around the size of a golf ball, at most.

Even so, it was the curse tool necessary to activate the curse rule.

In other words――,

Todd: [As long as I have this thing, it doesn’t matter whether the owner lives or dies. ――He sure did something stupid.]

Fiddling with the curse tool in his hand, Todd moved away from Gustav’s corpse’s back, which had lost its head under heroic circumstances, while calling out to it.

There was neither pity nor sympathy in his voice. Instead, there was a tinge of indifference and disgust.

Todd: [It’s strange that you thought you could compete against a monster.]

Todd muttered as he tilted his head, presumably referring to Arakiya, who had killed Gustav in the time of a single breath.

However, neither Gustav, who had lost his life, nor Subaru, who had been present at the scene, could help but think that the “monster” in question was undoubtedly Todd.

Subaru: [――――]

――Thus, by any means necessary, he must steal the curse tool from that “monster”.

Todd: [Arakiya, give me water. I need to rinse off the blood, then, as for the guys on the Island――]

Todd’s attention turned to Arakiya after tearing Gustav’s corpse open, wanting to wash his bloody knife and hands.

Putting the curse tool in his hand onto the work desk for one moment, Todd turned to Arakiya’s side.

――Instinctively, Subaru decided that it had to be then.

Arakiya: [Ah.]

And, prompted by Arakiya’s word, her mouth wide open, Todd turned back around. Noticing a child having appeared in the middle of the room all of a sudden, reaching his hand out to the curse tool on the desk, Todd’s eyes opened wide.

Hiain’s camouflage came to an end, having completed its job.

So thoroughly, that neither the meticulous Todd nor the monster-grade Arakiya, had noticed Subaru and Hiain’s presence.

Subaru: [Hiain!]

The instant he caught onto the curse tool with his fingertips, Subaru called out to Hiain, who had concealed himself by assimilating with the floor he lay down on.

However, his gaze was in a completely different direction―― the entrance to the office.

Facing that way, he raised his voice,

Subaru: [Blow away the whole room!!]

Todd: [――Hk, Arakiya!]

Hearing Subaru’s strained shout, Todd immediately called out for Arakiya. While also keeping vigilance towards the door, Arakiya clung close by Todd’s side.

If an outrageous attack were to be cast from near the door, they would be able to respond to it.

However――,

Todd: [――It’s a bluff!?]

In one second, a moment in which nothing happened, Todd saw through Subaru’s intention. But by being given just that second, Subaru was able to fulfill his objective.

He grasped the cursed tool, and just after――,

Hiain: [Wooooooaaaah!]

While howling, Hiain came flying towards the waist of Subaru, who had gotten a hold of the curse tool, and grabbed him. Just after, Hiain held Subaru in his arms as they plunged into the side of the room opposite to the entrance―― into the window of the office.

The entire weight of their bodies crashed into it, and Subaru and Hiain flew out as the window frame was destroyed.

The moment they jumped out――,

Arakiya: [Splash――]

And, with power unimaginable from such an unfeeling chant, a flash flood devastated the office.

Water with tremendous pressure blew away the upper stratum of the Gladiator Island, and the furniture and bookcases that Gustav, the owner of the room, had so meticulously arranged, were swept away without mercy.

However――,

Arakiya: [They’re gone.]

Watching the items in the room streaming out of the broken walls one-by-one, Arakiya, the one responsible, stepped on the wet floor and muttered so.

Looking towards the exterior of the broken office, downwards, a white cloth tied along the wall could be seen.

If one were to grab it and let their hands glide, they would be able to descend to the bottom.

Arakiya: [This…]

Todd: [So they were fully prepared to ambush us, huh? ――That kid, just what is he.]

Next to Arakiya, also looking out the wall, Todd put his hand over his mouth, murmuring.

Narrowing his eyes, Todd, in careful thought, let out a small sigh,

Todd: [Arakiya, go recover the curse tool. It’s alright to kill.]

Arakiya: [Understood. What about you, Todd?]

Todd: [The things I’m going to do, you don’t need to know about them.]

With a shake of his head, Todd brushed off Arakiya’s question like that. However, Arakiya was unbothered by that, and instead leaned out of the broken wall and dropped straight down.

Without cheap tricks, without any assistance, from dozens of meters high.

And then, seeing Arakiya off as she chased after the intruders, Todd heaved a sigh, and,

Todd: […That brat sure had a nasty smell.]

And, muttering so, his eyes lacking any expression, he clicked his tongue in annoyance.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch Cult Translations is recruiting! We’re currently looking for machine translators and Japanese to English checkers. If you’re interested in either of these roles, you can leave a reply in the comments below with your contact information, send a DM to @WCTranslations , or contact Ice#6557 on Discord.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 72: Ludicrous Rumors ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

——The sheet dangling from the office’s window had been insurance, in case the worst came to pass.

Inside Gustav’s office, a discussion between him and two emissaries, Todd and Arakiya, had been in progress, although only led entirely by the two of Todd and Gustav—— getting to the crux of the pair’s visit to the Island had taken quite a lot of trial and error for Subaru and Hiain, as they had eavesdropped.

The events that would occur, the words that would be employed, a way with which to calm Hiain down, the blind spot for him and Hiain to hide in, an escape route; those were the requirements.

They would have to deceive Todd, a meticulous person, and Arakiya, one of the Nine Divine Generals.

They had no problems in being similar to characters in a manga that could feel any presence. For the purpose of deceiving them, Subaru had needed to pull out all the stops.

He had asked Weitz to buy some time, Tanza to bring herbs with strong odors on the way to the office, and Idra to gather people on the vantage point so as to distract them, even if only a little.

By doing all those things, they would raise their suspicion to the utmost, but only so much that they still would not act on it.

Those fortifications, built upon thin ice, had allowed them to overcome their opponent’s own defensive fortifications.

However——,

Hiain: [Schwartz, what’s the plan now!?]

Subaru: [Still thinking!]

As he clung on to Hiain’s body, having barely avoided a fall to their death, Subaru bellowed.

Being a lizardman, his hands and feet could attach to the walls in a manner akin to actual lizards. However, Hiain’s body was bigger than a lizard’s, and furthermore, he had been saddled with a weight, that being Subaru.

A closer description would be that they had descended rapidly, borrowing the dangling sheets’ assistance to avoid injury.

Having been lowered from Hiain’s arms to the courtyard, Subaru then confirmed the feeling of the curse tool in his hand.

The black ball, still sticky and wet with blood, had been inside Gustav’s body—— just where exactly it had been placed, he did not know, only that it had been ripped out of him.

Subaru: [Guh.]

Enduring the nausea rising from within, Subaru frantically planned his next move.

The very instant Todd let go of the curse tool had been the instant Subaru thought he had to act. Since he had attained the curse tool this way, he had not been mistaken in that.

But at the same time, there was no doubt that it was a move made without any thought on what to do afterwards.

Subaru: [Anyway, let’s use your camouflage in those bushes!]

Hiain: [A-are ya sure we shouldn’t run?]

Subaru: [No, we can’t just run away without any thought, she’d find us right away! Quickly!]

Between the options that popped into his head, “running” or “hiding”, he had immediately chosen “hiding”.

As they had already aroused the hostility of Todd and Arakiya, there was no doubt that they would face Death either way. So he had opted for a path that would give him better insight into future events.

If they were to run away, they would have to continuously stay on the run.

But if they hid, they would be able to continue mulling over what to do next for as long as they stayed silent.

Subaru: [————]

Pulling the arm of the bewildered Hiain, Subaru dove behind a plant in the corner of the courtyard. Then, Hiain camouflaged himself while covering Subaru, hiding themselves from those around them.

With Hiain’s body pressing down on him, he felt his heartbeat on his back, beating with an inordinate force.

He was frightened, cowering. Still, he had to endure this.

Because if he could not——,

???: [They’re not here.]

With a light thud , a girl overcame the height that Subaru and Hiain had struggled to descend.

The one landing barefoot in the courtyard was Arakiya, holding a thin tree branch in her hand. One of her eyes covered by an eyepatch, she turned, surveying the courtyard with her sleepy-looking eye.

Could Hiain’s camouflage truly deceive her eye as she searched?

Even if they could elude one’s perception provided the person was unaware of their existence, they would not be able to conceal themselves in the blind spot were their existence to be known. If she just searched for Subaru and Hiain with the slighest bit of extra attentiveness, would heighten their anxiety on being found.

There was nothing Subaru could do about that. But they absolutely could not let themselves be found.

Not because he had obtained a curse tool capable of killing or saving everyone on the Island.

For a more pressing reason, a reason directly related to Natsuki Subaru’s own state, was why he could not afford being found, was why he could not afford dying.

Arakiya: [Hm——]

He wished that she would turn around and walk away in the wrong direction.

But in the end, that wish of his was in vain; wrinkling her brow and letting out a small growl, Arakiya approached the shrubs where Subaru and Hiain were hiding.

Their presence, their smell, their breathing, the sound of one of their heartbeats, he did not know which one had tipped her off.

Or perhaps, it was some sort of aura that only the strong were able to sense, something Subaru and his partner could not. If she was feeling anything along those lines, it would be beyond foul play. To corner them with something they had no way to counteract should be against the rules.

But it seemed that, in Arakiya’s point of view, those rules were laughable at best——.

???: [Oioi, the hell’s this? The Governor’s room’s been blown up!]

???: [Who’s this beautiful woman, is she a guest?]

???: [What is it, did something happen?]

Just before these bitter thoughts completely filled his head, just before Arakiya reached the garden shrubs, the courtyard’s atmosphere was disturbed by the voices of multiple men.

Looking over, five gladiators had lumbered over and made their appearance in the courtyard. They were probably onlookers of a Unit who had caught the sound of Arakiya blowing Gustav’s room up.

Their attention was focused on Gustav’s room, with its blown-out walls, and on Arakiya, a beautiful, unfamiliar girl standing in the courtyard.

Arakiya, too, turned towards them as they appeared, tilting her slender head with a thoughtful look.

From her perspective, it was as though she was suspecting that those that had now appeared were comrades of the ones she was chasing, Subaru and Hiain. But Subaru did not mind that, not in the least.

Their appearance in this juncture had been completely unforeseen by Subaru, they were intruders summoned by coincidence.

Even if she were to question them, she would obtain no information in regards to Subaru and Hiain. In fact, Subaru and Hiain would wait for a chance to sneak away while she attempted to make them talk.

They were a lifeline provided by the heavens, different from what Subaru and Hiain had prepared themselves——,

???: [——Listen!]

???: [——Hk.]

Not wanting to miss their chance, Subaru and Hiain, who had been watching Arakiya’s movements intently, heard a voice emanating from the room with a broken wall above them.

The one who the voice belonged to was Todd, the last person remaining in that room.

Regaining his fear of Todd, whose existence had momentarily been put out of his consciousness due to focusing on the threat of Arakiya in front of him, he psyched himself up as he trembled.

He braced his fearful heart, so that he would be able to deal with whatever Todd was about to say.

Todd: [Governor Gustav Morello has been killed! The two perpetrators are a black-haired child, and a gray lizardman! Kill them as soon as you find them!]

Subaru: [————]

Todd: [I repeat! Governor Gustav Morello has been killed! The Governor’s role will be taken over by General First-Class Arakiya! If you don’t want to die due to the curse rule, kill them both!]

His voice was not rough, neither did it overwhelm with emotions, but it possessed emotional control necessary to be heard by a large number of human beings and make them act.

That voice lingered in one’s eardrums, forbidding those who listened from forgetting its contents, even if they lagged behind in understanding.

The moment Todd spoke, Subaru’s eyes widened as he realized that they had been outsmarted.

The blame for Gustav’s death was now being attributed to Subaru and Hiain. Even if they claimed they were being falsely accused, there was no hope that a proper investigation or trial would be held on this Island.

To begin with, if they were caught by someone even once, everything would be over for Subaru and Hiain.

In other words——,

Todd: [——Now, let Sparka begin!!]

The evil custom of Gladiator Island Ginunhive, its Lifeblood Ritual, would begin with the entire Island as a stage.

Todd: [Arakiya!]

Declaring the commencement of that cruel ceremony, with those who had heard it still unable to move, Todd called out to Arakiya in a less strident voice.

She looked up and their eyes met, and Todd silently pointed to the courtyard below. For a moment, Subaru’s heart palpitated, but Todd was not pointing at him and Hiain.

He was pointing at the gladiators, the heavenly lifeline that had appeared in the courtyard at the last moment.

Todd, after pointing at the gladiators, brought that very same finger to his neck, and,

Todd: [——Kill them.]

While his voice had been inaudible, even Subaru had been able to tell that his lips had moved as to speak that.

Moving his finger along his neck was a ruthless cue for lopping off someone’s head. Arakiya, having witnessed the same sight Subaru had, slowly turned her gaze toward the gladiators.

The gladiators were puzzled, being stared at by Arakiya, through the one red eye of hers that was uncovered by an eyepatch.

They had yet to digest the meaning of Todd’s prior words.

Gladiator: [Lil’ miss, ya know somethin’ ‘bout that? That thing ’bout Gustav being dead, is that…]

Arakiya: [I’m sorry. I was told to.]

Gladiator: [Huh…? Told what?]

A gladiator tilted his head, the combination of that sudden order and the pair of people unknown to them being the reason. And Arakiya, responding to the gladiator, produced a great sideways swing of her right hand, which held the branch.

That was all she did. That alone, was enough.

Gladiator: [Buah…]

The next moment, the heads of all five gladiators facing Arakiya exploded from the inside.

To be precise, the effects had been split. Some’d had their heads burst from the inside, some had died because the contents of their faces had been pushed out of their eyes and noses, and some had died because their heads had swollen in bizarre fashion.

Although it probably had not made much of a difference as far as they were concerned, since the results had been the same regardless.

Arakiya: [To not talk to dead people.]

With their heads destroyed, the gladiators fell limp.

Only after a while did Subaru realize that her mutter, let out while looking at the fallen gladiators, was the answer to his question from earlier. His mind was too occupied for him to pay any attention to it.

His mind was too occupied in processing what that monster, Arakiya, had done.

——It was probably, water.

Todd had given Arakiya advice at the time Gustav was killed. To put water inside her opponent’s head, perhaps that was what she had done.

The heads of the gladiators had been blown up from the inside, with the water that materialized there being the cause.

Arakiya: [One glass of water’s worth…]

As she voiced that, Arakiya fiddled with the tip of the branch in her hand with her other hand.

While her ruminating tone lacked emotion, to Subaru it sounded somewhat like she was expressing dissatisfaction she felt. ——A dissatisfaction that only amounted to her being unhappy about not reaching that amount.

Having feelings of that sort after murdering people, it was far from normal.

That was why she was a monster. Arakiya, and of course, Todd was one too.

???: [Anyone here!? Did anyone hear that loud-ass voice just now!?]

Arakiya’s inhuman deeds made Subaru’s mind grow darker; and while Hiain froze, forgetting to even breathe, yet another voice arrived at the courtyard.

Another gladiator. One gladiator after another rushed there, understanding that it was the most likely spot everyone was gathering at since they were able to look up at the Governor’s office, from which they had heard that voice.

And so, that meant——,

Gladiator: [Oi, you, where did you come from! The Governor’s…]

Arakiya: [I was told to. ——To not talk to dead people.]

That the victims of the Spirit Eater, of Arakiya, would increase.

Hence, it commenced.

——A massacre on the Gladiator Island commenced, for a reason different to the curse rule being invoked.

△▼△▼△▼△

The situation that Todd had set up was so horrid, that it was hard to believe that it had been a sudden flash of inspiration.

One-by-one, Arakiya would kill the gladiators indiscriminately.

Naturally, there was not even a single person able to take her on and return a blow, given that she was a Divine General. Entering her field of vision was a calamity of such magnitude as to signify instant death.

Certainly, Arakiya should have been able to manipulate waterspouts and explosive flames, but the fact that she had not utilized those kinds of powerful techniques that seemed like they could engulf the entire Island, at the very least, truly provided some modicum of relief.

Perhaps loathing being unable to check the corpses in that case, Todd had ordered her as such.

And Arakiya aside, the Island’s guards were also troublesome.

From what it seemed, the guards had somehow believed Todd’s words that Arakiya had taken over Gustav’s role after the latter’s demise. Subaru did not know how someone could actually take over an official position of the sort, but he did not believe Gustav would wish his murderer to succeed him.

A portion of that matter had become that Subaru and Hiain had killed Gustav, so as far as the guards were concerned, there was no reason to doubt Todd’s words.

Subaru disliked being misunderstood by the guards like that, but his biggest problem was――,

???: [Shit! They’ve really done it! The guards have unleashed the Gladiator Beasts onto the Island! They’re coming at us! Runrunrunrun!]

Such bellows and screams were continuously raised throughout the Island as it descended into chaos.

The unleashed Gladiator Beasts―― the ones employed as enemies during Sparka, were, as far as Subaru could see, Witchbeasts who’d all had their horns broken off, and currently, they were obeying the guards.

Those Gladiator Beasts, complying with the orders given by the guards following Todd, were on the prowl for the pair of Subaru and Hiain on the Island. ――However, the Gladiator Beasts could not distinguish between each gladiator.

That was why, one after another, the Gladiator Beasts had also begun attacking the gladiators indiscriminately.

???: [Where are ya!? Hurry up ‘n c’mon out, Schwartz! Ya creepy lil’ brat!]

A guard yelled, his eyes shimmering with hostility, as he patrolled the corridors with a large two-headed dog next to him.

The guards did not make active attempts to communicate with the gladiators, so this marked the first time Subaru had seen them lay their emotions bare in such a way. The thought that they had always harboured hostility in that way, also brought sadness to Subaru.

Only, it did not just bring sadness, it also brought a realization.

The guards looking for Subaru and Hiain appeared to be impatient and irritated, and moreover, they appeared afraid. Probably, that was not unrelated to the fact that the guards too would die when the curse rule was activated.

The guards, too, were taking many things into consideration as they chose to obey, so that they themselves would not die.

Arakiya and the guards, from Subaru and Hiain’s perspective, were dangerous enemies prowling the Island.

Had Todd, the one controlling them like pawns, been operating on his own, or had he been spreading his instructions? The fact that his whereabouts were unknown considerably diminished Subaru’s capability to think.

The whole time, because he had continuously been on the lookout for Todd, his strained heart was on the brink of cracking.

And to pour salt on Subaru’s wounds――,

???: [Oi, where’s Schwartz!? Was he there?]

???: [Haven’t seen him! I’m more worried ’bout the guards! If they find us, we’re dead!]

???: [So, if we hand Schwartz over to them…]

???: [Ya moron! They’re killin’ anyone they find! They ain’t makin’ any distinction!]

???: [Then what’re ya gonna do!? Are ya gonna just shut up n’ die’!?]

???: [B-but, if those rumors about Schwartz are true…!]

Heard were the voices of gladiators, desperately keeping on struggling as best as they could, in order to survive.

Faced with the threat posed by Arakiya and the guards, among the desperate gladiators, opinions were split.

Either stand up to the tyranny, or do as they were told and hand Subaru over; there were those who had resigned themselves to the fact that both were futile, some who lamented this unreasonable situation, others who tried to cling to a papier-mâché hope devoid of any basis, among various others.

Even amongst the gladiators, Subaru had enemies, as well as a great number of people that could potentially become enemies.

In a way, compared to Arakiya and the guards, who could all be classified as enemies, this group may be far more formidable.

Since he could not tell friend from foe, Subaru could not rely on them so carelessly.

Arakiya, the guards and the Gladiator Beasts, the gladiators whom he could not know if they were friend or foe―― and finally, Todd.

With the commencement of the pursuit after Subaru and Hiain, the Gladiator Island headed for destruction.

It had indeed come to pass. The massacre. Even though he had struggled so desperately to try and prevent it.

Subaru: [Old Man Null!]

Dashing through the island that had become a catastrophe, Subaru barged into the room just around the corner.

The healing room on the lower stratum of the Island was the workplace of Old Man Null, where he had taken care of Subaru many times. The entrance to the room had been demolished, and because of that, Subaru felt a bad premonition as he rushed into the room.

And that bad premonition of his came true.

???: [Schwartz-sama…]

Greeting Subaru as he ran into the healing room, was a hoarse hail of a young girl. It had come from Tanza sitting in the back of the room; lying next to her petite form, was the corpse of a rat from which wings protruded.

Tanza had probably defeated that Witchbeast single-handedly. Subaru thought that that was very incredible.

But before Tanza had come along, that Witchbeast had devastated the healing room, and killed a person.

At Tanza’s feet as she crouched down, was a collapsed cadaver whose head had been bitten right off, the cadaver of a feeble old man who was nothing more than skin and bones.

Hiain: [S-Schwartz…]

Hiain, having burst into the healing room alongside Subaru, had his voice tremble upon witnessing the same sight.

That he had been able to remain hidden until Arakiya left that courtyard in which she executed that heinous act of murdering gladiators as they came along one bye one, had only been thanks to Hiain.

Without him, it would have been utterly impossible for Subaru to return to this place.

However, if they just repeatedly ran and hid, in the end, they would not win.

???: [Schwartz, you’re back!?]

???: [Hmph, ya didn’t die either, lizard bastard…]

Idra and Weitz also rushed over to Old Man Null’s corpse, in front of which Subaru and Hiain were hanging their heads. All the members of his Unit, who had helped him sneak into the office, were present.

Considering the state of the Island, that no one had died and they had been able to reconvene was akin to a miracle.

However, if it truly were a miracle, shouldn’t the results they had procured be much, much better than this?

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, are the stories floating about true? About Governor Gustav’s fate?]

Subaru: [That it was me and Hiain? There’s no way we could’ve done that. Gustav-san was killed by the emissaries from the Imperial Capital… By Arakiya. No, it was Todd, who made use of Arakiya.]

Tanza: [Todd…? Who is that…]

Subaru: [Someone scarier than a Sin Archbishop.]

At least, that was Subaru’s current perception.

From what he recalled, Sin Archbishops were not good people either but when compared to Todd, they still had some charm, was what it seemed like. No, it did not seem like that. No matter what they were compared to, scum remained scum.

But the way Subaru had put it seemed to make Tanza and everyone else understand just how dangerous Todd was.

Tanza: [Do not give such a reckless example. Even if we comprehend they differ from the likes of the Sin Archbishops, it is still bad for the heart.]

Subaru: [Ah, sorry, but I’m quite familiar with them. After all, I’ve happened to encounter them plenty of times.]

Tanza: [You have encountered Sin Archbishops plenty of times? That is, as expected…]

Subaru: [As expected, what does that mean? Do you know something about me?]

Everyone: [――――]

Partly out of frustration, he spoke in a way that sounded like he was reproaching Tanza.

Subaru regretted this, but Tanza’s reaction, her eyes downcast, was not due to being reproached, but seemingly in concern for Subaru’s previous comment itself.

That was a little strange to Subaru.

No way though, that any of these people knew of Subaru’s circumstances―― that every time he Returned by Death, his Miasma, which was seemingly connected to the Witch, got stronger.

Idra: [So, what should we do? If Governor Gustav is dead, then the curse rule that binds us must be gone as well. Should we raise the drawbridge and head off the Island?]

Hiain: [Y-ya idiot! We ain’t got the key for that! Besides, if we move the drawbridge, we’ll be targeted immediately!]

Weitz: [So, ya prefer to keep on fighting everyone else on the Island…? If the enemy’ll be a Divine General, then sooner or later… There’ll be no way left for us to retreat…]

As Idra and everyone else discussed how to overcome the situation, Subaru’s attention also turned in that direction.

Idra’s suggestion of escaping via the drawbridge was a good one. Of the various conditions that had changed, because the curse tool was present in Subaru’s hands, and the curse rule was no more, they could now leave the Island.

However, as Hiain had said, if they were to escape by using the drawbridge, they could be ambushed in two places. On the control tower for operating the drawbridge, and on the drawbridge itself as they crossed it.

On the other hand, not leaving the Island was an idea that kept getting worse and worse, so as per Weitz’s statement, they would not choose it.

In addition to that――,

Subaru: [――Gustav-san.]

If things continued at this rate, the island’s gladiators, who were still losing their lives, falling prey to Arakiya one-by-one, and Old Man Null as well, would remain dead in a world that would live on.

That was something unbearable for Subaru.

Even if he had succeeded in recovering the curse tool, and the fear of the curse had disappeared, deciding that this was the “very best” and moving forward was not what Natsuki Subaru had originally desired.

――Such a path was not what the son of Natsuki Kenichi ought to choose.

Subaru: [At least, if I can reduce the number of people I have to deal with…]

His eyes shut tightly, Subaru was stuck amidst a maze of deliberations.

As he murmured, Tanza beside him bit into her thin lip. In a situation where the entire Island was hostile, certainly another different choice would also emerge if their circumstances were even a bit better, but――,

Hiain: […Hey, heeey, in that case, can’t’cha just stop hidin’ it?]

Subaru: [――――]

Hiain: [Oi, Schwartz, I mean you. I’m talkin’ to ya, man.]

Subaru: […Huh?]

As Hiain suddenly started talking, a feeling of trepidation in his voice, Subaru widened his eyes in wonder.

It had happened as he was pondering over things, but even more than that, since he had no idea what the hell Hiain was talking about, Subaru had been slow to reach.

To stop hiding it, so Hiain had told Subaru.

So he had told him, but――,

Subaru: [To stop hiding it… Hiding what?]

Hiain: [C-cut it out! In this situation, keepin’ it a secret ain’t the right move!]

Weitz: [Oi, stop it, lizard bastard…!]

Hiain snapped at Subaru with an intense vigor, the latter without a clue as to what the former was going on about. Weitz intervened to stop him, but Subaru was too surprised to thank him.

But Idra, also making a serious face, prefaced with “Schwartz” towards Subaru,

Idra: [The way he’s putting it aside, I understand how Hiain is feeling. Isn’t it about time you come forth with it?]

Subaru: [No, like I said, I have no idea what you’re talking about…]

Idra: [――It’s, about your father.]

Subaru: […My dad?]

With seriousness, with unbelievable seriousness, Idra declared so to Subaru.

But despite being told that with such seriousness, Subaru’s confusion only grew more and more. He did not understand why it was so necessary to talk about his father right now.

Subaru’s father was, in the eyes of his son, in the eyes of his wife, a man of paramount splendidness, a person who ought to be respected, the very object of Subaru’s admiration, but――,

Subaru: [But, he’s an ordinary salaryman …?]

Hiain: [Don’t pull the wool over my eyes! I already know! Ya’re His Excellency the Emperor’s illegitimate son, ain’t’cha!?]

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru’s voice, as he attempted to explain that that information would not be useful in this situation, was drowned out by Hiain’s own, as the latter’s arms were held behind his back.

It was drowned out, but the volume of water employed to do so was so overwhelming, that Subaru’s mind was unable to comprehend the vastness of the wave that had washed him over.

Just now, what did Hiain say?

Subaru: […I’m, His Excellency the Emperor’s, child?]

Hiain: [Yeah, that’s right! It’s bein’ talked about outside the Island! With black hair and black eyes, the illegitimate son of His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia’s somewhere in the country! That’s…]

Idra: [――Schwartz, it seems that’d be you?]

Taking over from Hiain, Idra spoke towards Subaru, his voice and eyes serene.

The eyes of Hiain, seemingly depending on him, and the eyes of Idra, which had faith in him, when they appeared as if they had not just told an unfunny joke in this situation, Subaru looked to Weitz.

His tattoo-covered face contorting, Weitz spoke,

Weitz: [I believe I told’cha… I know who ya are… But, I don’t give a fuck ‘bout that, I’ll lend ya my strength regardless…]

Were it not for these circumstances, those faithful words would have been far more moving.

Back then, when Subaru had been told that in the lower stratum, just how much resolve had it taken Weitz to go and say that, its weight only now becoming clear.

And that too, came from a wholly mistaken idea.

Subaru: [W-wait, wait a sec… Me, the child of the Emperor, why?]

Idra: [For someone of such young age, your ability for judgment, command, and survival are unimaginable. You were the one who saved us and Hiain’s people during Sparka, Schwartz.]

Subaru: [That’s…]

It was true that Subaru had defied fate by making full use of his ability.

But he had no idea that it would cause such a preposterous misunderstanding among Idra and the others.

In the first place, for them to have even gotten such a wrong idea of him.

Subaru: [Tanza, why didn’t you tell them they’re wrong…]

Tanza: [――Schwartz-sama, I have been viewing it with my own eyes.]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama… You were accompanying His Excellency the Emperor at that place.]

With Tanza gently holding the hem of her kimono in place as she asserted so, Subaru was left speechless.

What she was talking about, had taken place at Chaosflame. Indeed, Subaru had been in his shrunken state alongside Abel, donning his ridiculous mask.

Since Tanza was Yorna’s attendant, it would not have been odd for her to be aware of the truth.

And Tanza had seen the shrunken Subaru, together with the real Emperor, Abel.

And that had appended onto Idra and the others’ mistaken assumption.

Subaru: [But, Tanza was working with Olbart-san… No.]

Subaru’s guess had been that Tanza had been conspiring with Olbart in various deeds.

Perhaps she had been acting to protect Yorna, so he thought, and he did not really feel like blaming her for that. And Olbart would not reveal his hand, even to an accomplice.

Tanza was unaware that Subaru was a shrunken Natsumi Schwartz.

If so――,

Subaru: [Tanza, who do you think I am…?]

Tanza: [――. Um, the black-haired woman and His Excellency the Emperor’s…]

Subaru: [――――]

And the rest, was silence.

Tanza spoke no further, but he understood what she was thinking. Having understood that Subaru was speechless, and he also comprehended that it would be difficult to explain it.

He could offer no evidence. There was no other way but for Subaru to become larger, right here, right now, all of a sudden.

Subaru: […This thing about the Emperor’s illegitimate child, why’s that relevant?]

Idra: [――. Right now, a rebel army has been raised outside the Island, against His Excellency the Emperor. The one considered to be the leader of that rebel army is…]

Subaru: [The Emperor’s illegitimate son?]

Idra nodded at Subaru’s suspicion.

And so, even if with some difficulty, the theory was making sense within Subaru’s mind. A power struggle between an Emperor and his child. The battle initiated by Abel and his group outside the island, had become a story along those lines.

In truth, it was a battle between a real Emperor and a fake Emperor.

But what was made known was that it was a battle between the real Emperor and a rebel army led by the Emperor’s child.

He could envision just who had concocted that, and how they had done it.

Subaru: [That bastard…!]

Immediately, Subaru comprehended that the situation had been set up by Abel, and that the rumor had been spread by him.

Then, that was not Abel harassing him; it was a justification for the internal conflict itself, and also a means through which they could find Subaru, who had disappeared from Chaosflame.

To think that this situation had arisen from him considering that Subaru was not dead. He would never, under any circumstances, say “I believe” on the matter of Subaru not being dead.

Subaru: [――――]

Tanza and the others watched Subaru, having fallen silent with his hand over his mouth.

Weitz released Hiain, the latter having grown quieter; the attention of all four people turned to Subaru.

During all this, outside the healing room―― battles were taking place all over the Island, with the gladiators’ situation a precarious one in which they would possibly even lose their lives, that much was understood.

To be silent, to be calm, to take their time, to think, they had no leeway for any of that.

That was why――,

Tanza: [――Schwartz-sama.]

Tanza beckoned him to instruct him that they had no time, even if that much was understood.

Feeling a slight sense of awe in that call of hers, Subaru surveyed the faces of everyone in his Unit.

He surveyed, and he decided. ――That, in the current situation, he would fulfill what was asked of him.

△▼△▼△▼△

——Sensing the turning of tides, Todd Fang calmly stroked his chin.

Todd: [——What an unsettling feeling.]

Back in the office, they’d blown the uncooperative Governor’s head off, literally replacing the head of the Island; however he had this feeling that, afterwards, things had moved sluggishly.

Of course, if it were just to wipe out everyone on the Island, Arakiya alone was more than capable of doing it.

That Divine General did not have the brains to think for herself yet was extremely powerful, in stark contrast to how simple she was; if she felt like it, she could engulf the entirety of the Island in flames.

Her doing that would be too much trouble for Todd, so he had gone ahead and told her not to do that.

And to begin with——,

Todd: [I really didn’t want to come to a place like this.]

Every single one of their actions, which he had marked as being necessary, had backfired. And for that, Todd felt bitter.

The purpose of rescuing Arakiya from captivity in the Fortress City had been to recoup something despite the fact that the city had fallen, return to the Imperial Capital alongside her, and there, have his wishes of being reassigned granted.

In fact, he could say that he had indeed been reassigned, but the way that had come to pass had been far from his expectations.

Todd had been appointed as the sole subordinate of General First-Class Arakiya, someone who’d had no underlings previously.

All that because of one singular lie he had told to deceive Arakiya.

Todd: [Jamal, even when dead, you’re a pain in the ass.]

Although Todd’s lie begat the situation, Arakiya had no doubt that Todd sincerely wished to avenge Jamal.

Because that lie had been necessary to win her over, Todd was unable to renege on it now.

Frankly, he did not know what would cause that woman to bring down her anger on him. Considering the possibility of being turned into charcoal the instant he incurred her wrath, he was unable to retract his comment so carelessly.

As a result, Todd had been made Arakiya’s subordinate.

Arakiya had been given orders by Berstetz Fondalfon, the Imperial Prime Minister, as his pawn; thus, Todd had been sent to this paradise of madmen, to the Gladiator Island.

Berstetz’s command had been to dispose of the problems within the Island. They had been told that Governor Gustav held the means to do so, and that ordering him to carry it out would be an easy task.

Falsehood, all of it.

An easy task was never all that easy to solve. He knew what to expect. Hence why he had been prepared.

Most things could be handled by being prepared in advance. Only unforeseen freak incidents could not be avoided, but the risk could be minimized by averting situations in which these incidents could happen.

And yet, an unforeseen incident had happened.

Something very much out of his hands, like a child, having gone unseen, jumping out from a blind spot in that place.

Todd: [When it comes to killing people of higher rank, I can think of numerous ways to do so, but…]

He really had never given much thought on ways to kill a child.

Nothing about it felt nice, and he doubted he would have a whole lot of opportunities to employ them. As such, he had used something from his short array of leftover candidates, in conjunction with his method of killing for the Gladiator Island.

——If the guards, the Gladiator Beasts, and half of the gladiators were dragged into it, it would be possible to target specific individuals on the Island.

With Arakiya in the mix, it would be odd if the child did not die.

Then again——,

Todd: [——There’s no such thing as perfect, isn’t there?]

Twisting his head, Todd muttered such as he walked through a corridor littered with corpses.

The bodies were all gladiators hailing from the Island, their attires shabby. Whether that had been the result of internal conflict, Arakiya’s aggression, or the savagery of the Gladiator Beasts, was of no interest.

A corpse was a corpse, so if they were dead, he could erase them from his mind.

???: [Private First-Class Fang, there’s no need to go this far…]

Todd: [Of course there is. Governor Gustav was killed. The gladiators have organized and readied themselves. They have planned to turn this island inside out with their armed revolt. I don’t know just who’s involved, but can you guys tell who’s the enemy among them from those who aren’t?]

???: [Uh…]

Faced with Todd’s query, one of the two guards following behind fell silent.

They were the two guards who had rushed in as soon as Todd declared Sparka after sending Arakiya out of the office. They were obeying him since he had made a display of their fetters, the curse rule. However, since the situation allowed for excuses, they were being weirdly stubborn, even though they should be obeying him without questioning him.

Todd had been the one to make them do this, so they could just blame him.

Their hesitation was pointless, since they were still going about what they had to do with looks of guilt on their face.

Todd: [Stop putting on the airs of being an upstanding person. First and foremost, right now you’re being made to work as guards here, so both you and your friend there must have shady pasts. Uniform aside, you’re almost the same as them.]

Guard: [——Hk.]

Todd: [But that uniform’s your lifeline. Make sure you comprehend that thoroughly.]

Patting the young guard on the shoulder and smiling at him, bitterness still evident on his face, Todd sighed inwardly. ——Uniforms or no uniforms, it really just amounted to that, so they ought to be grateful.

Each and every single one of the guards on the Gladiator Island were Imperial Soldiers, their backgrounds such that it would not be at all strange if they had ended up as gladiators.

It was a place of exile where half-wits who disregarded orders, assaulted others in their corps, or failed to follow the iron rules, were sent.

They were a bunch of dullards who’d had their lives bound by the curse rule, and thanks to that, had finally learnt to obey. Coupled with their half-baked act as human beings, one could not help but be compelled to say it was indeed comical.

Todd: [Well, whatever, it doesn’t matter.]

What was needed of them had not been so much their abilities as guards, but rather the Gladiator Beasts bestowed to them.

If it were possible to sidestep them and get the Gladiator Beasts in his possession, one could do away with the guards as well in one fell swoop. But the guards must have been put in-between to prevent that from happening.

Perhaps that too was a failsafe prepared by the dead Gustav, or perhaps that had been a decision made by His Excellency the Emperor, the one who Gustav so obstinately followed.

Todd: [Anyone who willingly wishes to go to war, anyone who stands by it, is out of their mind. Please, don’t disturb mine and Katya’s peace…]

Both the signs of rebellion that had cropped up in the Fortress City, and the subsequent events in the Demon City of Chaosflame, to Todd, were nothing but an irritating racket.

He cared not if the apex of the Empire changed, as long as the Empire became a better place to live. And if it did not change, he was fine with the way it was already.

If nothing came to pass, and the days with his beloved woman continued, then——.

Todd: [——That reminds me of something detestable.]

The matter of Todd recalling the rebellion caused a terrifying being to flash through his mind.

A child of war, who loved war, and was loved by war. He would rather that he had died during a tempestuous battle, but he did wonder what had happened to him in actuality.

If he were aligned with the insurgents in terms of position, once that calamity spread, he would appear.

If he were to wage violence, then he would take his leave together with Katya——.

???: [——Todd Fang!!]

Todd: [————]

The moment a high-pitched voice invoked his name, Todd felt agitation in his chest for reasons unknown.

As though the concern envisioned in his head had opportunely manifested itself as reality.

And then——,

Todd: […The hell are you thinking?]

Todd turned around. Before his eyes, at the end of the hallway, was the boy who was supposedly being chased after turning the entirety of the Gladiator Island into an enemy.

A child with black hair, and mean-looking eyes. He was sullied here and there with blood and mud, but all his limbs were still attached; and even more, it seemed like he had not lost anything.

In other words, Arakiya and the guards had missed him altogether.

Todd: [I can tell there’s something there which I can’t express by mere words such as “luck”. But, why did you bother to show your face here? It doesn’t make sense.]

Boy: [————]

Todd: [It’s not as if you’re invincible because you’ve got friends you can count on.]

As he said this, Todd surveyed the boy and the four people who had come alongside him.

A gray lizardman, and a man with tattoos all over his body. Then there was someone of medium build, who had no distinguishing characteristics when compared to those two, as well as a young deergirl garbed in a kimono for whatever reason.

It did not seem that these four were exceptionally powerful people, even in Todd’s eyes. From the aura they gave out, all of them were amateurs; only the tattooed one’s expression and the deergirl’s stance merited attention.

The tattooed man had no hesitation, while the deergirl appeared to be strangely confident in herself.

And thus——,

Todd: [It’s hard to read that look in your eyes. I can’t quite tell if this is just you being confident or…]

Boy: [Todd, surrender. And make that woman… Make Arakiya stop, too.]

Todd: [——. First of all, why should I?]

At that absurd, senseless request he was given, Todd raised his eyebrows.

For now, he had urged the conversation onward with a pretense of interest, all while silently signaling with his hand to the two guards standing beside him.

Each of the two guards were accompanied; one by a black great eagle, the other by a frog Gladiator Beast that looked like a lump of rocks.

Like that, Todd and his group squared off against the boy and his own companions. Right beside Todd’s group, outside the passage, the great eagle soared through the sky as the frog crawled across the wall, and little-by-little, they closed the distance to their opponents.

If the Gladiator Beasts could slay them and retrieve the curse tool, that would be the best.

Of course, there was the possibility that the curse tool was hidden somewhere, so trouble would remain all the same. But if he could deal with the boy and the lizardman, things would be settled for the time being.

It would be much easier if Arakiya were present——,

Todd: [Where is she being held up…?]

There was no way that Arakiya was one to enjoy hunting gladiators.

Some soldiers revelled in murder, but Arakiya was not a person of such ilk. Arakiya was a soldier whose purpose was to put her everything against important opponents; nothing more, nothing less.

He should give consideration to the fact that her not fulfilling her main task meant that some kind of interference had cropped up.

However, if something like that had happened, then the situation was different.

Todd: [So, what reason are you going to give me?]

Boy: [A simple one. ——The curse tool that controls the curse rule of this Island is in my hands.]

Guard: [Wha…!?]

The boy answered Todd with a shrug of his shoulders, his words causing unrest in the two guards.

Of course they would. The main reason they were following Todd was because the latter held their lives in his hands, a circumstance they could not go against.

However, Todd dismissed it with “It’s a bluff”, as he continued,

Todd: [Worthless bargaining. First of all, a curse tool? Even if you have something like that…]

Boy: [——Here you go.]

Todd: [Oi, oi.]

Even though no demands to see it had been made, the boy pulled something out of his own pocket. It was a black sphere, wiped clean of blood, and very recognizable even at a distance.

It had been in his hand only for scant time, but there was no mistaking it.

It was the real thing, the curse tool that had been inside Gustav’s body.

If it were Todd, he would definitely hide it somewhere on the Island and use the item and its whereabouts as a bargaining chip.

What was the purpose of bringing the real thing instead of doing so?

Todd: [What’s with that dirty orb? Don’t tell me you think you can invoke the curse rule with it? If so, give it a try. Try reducing the number of guards in your way.]

Guard: [Wha!? D-don’t! If he does that…]

Todd: [I told you, it’s a bluff. Or perhaps you do not believe the words of a messenger from the Imperial Capital?]

Having once more conveyed that to the guard who had lost his composure, the guard fell silent, his face pale.

The reaction made Todd a bit uneasy. It was understandable that he would be anxious, doubting the authenticity of the claim of the black orb being a curse tool; however, his reaction was peculiar.

It was as if the guards possessed a reason, a well-founded reason as to why they could not dismiss the words of that child and his companions—— No, the words of just the child, as a bluff.

Todd: [What the? Is there a problem with that chi——]

???: [——Listen closely, you boor.]

Todd: [————]

Seeking an answer to his uneasiness, Todd attempted to question the guard. But before he could, a high-pitched voice echoed down the passage, drawing his attention to the deergirl.

She rolled up the sleeve of her kimono up to her arm, and gently pointed her hand towards the boy beside her.

Deergirl: [If you hail from outside the Island, you have probably already heard about it. About the great upheaval currently shaking the entirety of the Empire, and the numerous rumors circulating on that topic.]

Todd: [————]

Todd shut one eye at the girl’s appeal, which felt dignified, even majestic.

Regardless of how they had secured the means to obtain information while on the Island, the girl was correct, the public would gossip about this thing or the other to their hearts’ desire.

As far as the insurgents went, various sayings already existed; one of those was that one among the Nine Divine Generals had already joined them.

Some of those were quite ridiculous, but——.

Todd: [Hey, no way.]

Deergirl: [——This gentleman right here is the one at the heart of the situation shaking the Empire. This esteemed gentleman, who has stood up to correct the erred ways of the Empire, the one endowed with the legitimate credentials to do so.]

After a beat, after a pause, the young girl looked over at him.

In the recesses of those round eyes of hers, Todd caught a glimpse of a thought that swelled the concern that had been brewing in his heart——,

Deergirl: [——He is the son of His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia, Natsuki Schwartz-sama.]

The illegitimate son of His Excellency the Emperor, with the curse tool in his hands.

Those ludicrous claims had been delivered by the girl carrying herself with utmost dignity. Her demeanor was as though she’d had plenty of actual experience in scenes of the sort, and was accompanied with persuasion; such that one was unable to doubt the truth of those ludicrous claims.

Indeed, among those ridiculous rumors, there had been something of this sort.

The leader of the insurgent army was the illegitimate son of the Emperor, possessing black eyes and black hair, or so the rumors went. Of course, Imperial Soldiers with their head screwed right would have doubled themselves over in laughter, struggling to take such absurd nonsense seriously.

If he did indeed exist, even Todd thought that spelled trouble.

But the idea that he would just happen to be on this Island by chance, was far too ridiculous to contemplate seriously.

However——,

Guards: [——Hk.]

The guards gulped, their complexion changed. The guards’ reaction had not gone unnoticed by Todd.

Perchance they had heard something similar to the information Todd had just been told. They had heard something of the sort by accident, and that had nurtured the seeds of suspicion within their hearts.

Henceforth, upon the boy’s—— upon the child named Natsuki Schwartz’s declaration, that of possessing the curse tool, they were incapable of laughing it off as a bluff.

They were possessed by an illusion that he could perhaps be more credible than Todd, with his position as a messenger from the Imperial Capital, and as Arakiya’s subordinate.

Hence——,

Deergirl: [Now then, all of you belonging to the guards, let us quickly——]

The girl had tried to run her mouth and say something in quick succession.

Before the girl’s request could reach them, Todd brought his arm to his waist and grabbed a hilt, sweeping it sideways with all his strength.

Guard: [——Hk!]

The arcing blade of an axe swept towards the two guards standing beside Todd. The head of the guard to the right was chopped off, while the head of the guard to the left was cracked open and slammed against the wall.

Both were granted instant death, the momentum of them still wavering having prevented them from joining the others.

And then——,

Todd: [——Let’s go!]

Rushing to the head of the guard he had chopped off, Todd punted it forward as hard as he could. The head splattered blood as it flew, soaring towards the boy and his group, eyes wide in amazement.

They looked on as though they had not understood the meaning behind his actions in the slightest——,

???: [————GYAOO!!]

The next moment, the colossal body of the black great eagle plunged into the passage from the side, engulfing everything nearby in destruction; the flying guard’s head, the boy, and his companions.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch Cult Translations is recruiting! We’re currently looking for machine translators and Japanese to English checkers. If you’re interested in either of these roles, you can leave a reply in the comments below with your contact information, send a DM to @WCTranslations , or contact Ice#6557 on Discord.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 73: Weitz Rogen ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Weitz Rogen had never believed he could live or die honestly.

Either way, the thing called society tended to undervalue the word “normal”.

“Normal” was employed to convey the meaning of “average” or “ordinary”, something that did not stand out, but from the viewpoint of those that were less than human in particular, it was an unreachable standard.

The City of Iron and Blood of Glarasia, was the name of Weitz’s hometown, where he had been born and raised.

It was an unhinged city where the weapons and armor used throughout the whole Empire, as well as the numerous tools necessary for battle, were manufactured. Where craftsmen worked diligently to make arms for the sake of wounding others, forging their steel day and night.

About half of the residents were involved in some form of arms manufacturing, and Weitz had been no exception. He’d had no parents around at the time he had been gaining awareness of the things around him, and had been forced to do chores in a craftsman’s workshop, so he had neither interest nor pride in such work.

He would perform his job in order to eat, and perform chores at workshops for no other reason than the fact that the place he had been born in was the City of Iron and Blood.

If their main occupation were horse gear, he would help to make it, if it were agriculture, he would carry a hoe.

Without fixation or interest, Weitz had worked silently under the sidelong glances of the craftsmen forging steel. Unable to know what he had been thinking, there had been those who called the antisocial Weitz a hard worker, but most had probably thought of him as a mysterious and creepy guy.

Weitz had not been concerned about that as well. He had not been thinking of getting along with anyone.

He thought that, since he had been alone since birth, it was natural to be alone upon his death.

Such an ephemeral indifference, that way of life was probably loathed by others.

When suspicions arose that the materials stocked from the workshop he frequented were being sold through illegal channels, Weitz had been the first one to come under suspicion.

Weitz, who had often worked by his lonesome, possessing no partner whatsoever to protect him, had been in possession of absolutely zero means to clear up the suspicions that had been cast on him.

Ultimately, unable to clear up the false accusations, Weitz was tried for a crime he had no memory of committing, and became a criminal. ――The first tattoo inked onto him was evidence of his punishment, in order for him to be recognizable as a criminal at a glance.

There were no people who wore clothes with long sleeves, since the city was constantly enveloped in hot air from the forging of steel; and so, his tattoos had constantly been laid bare upon both his forearms.

Even if he were to wear long-sleeved clothes, it would have been immediately blatant that it was because he had something to be guilty of.

Once the evidence of his crime had been inked onto him, he could no longer live the same life as before.

It may not have been an excellent life until then, but that was when he gave up the idea of being “normal”.

No longer able to work in a workshop run legitimately, Weitz turned to thievery to earn his daily income, starting to steal materials and sell through illegal channels. In the end, he had become a real criminal.

――In short, his supposed sin had now caught up with reality.

When he had been suspected of selling through illegal channels, and no one had been willing to listen to Weitz’s side of the story, Weitz had not been a criminal. But afterwards, Weitz ultimately became a criminal.

Perhaps it was something such as an inevitability.

Weitz: [If I’m a repulsive fuck, then I’m fine with that…]

Inked with tattoos and having become a criminal, in anyone’s eyes, he would appear be detached from the concept of “normal”. Even while committing crimes in order to earn money, it was the same as before; he had been unable to get along with others.

In that case, he should have severed all troublesome relationships and the like from the get-go.

The tattoos which had only been on his forearms, now inking shoulders and chest, had been enlarged by his own hands. Before long, they had covered his upper body, his legs, and had even reached his face and head.

Tattoos on one’s arms was evidence of a criminal, but tattoos across one’s entire body was the sign of someone dangerous, someone who ought not be approached.

Make way, everyone, fear and relent. The once-pitiful man, forsaken by all and fallen to crime, was no more. What remained was merely someone “less than human”, some troublesome, with nothing left to lose.

That was why――,

???: [――Halt, criminal scum! Don’t think you can get off unpunished!]

Encircled by the city guards with their weapons pointed at him, Weitz quickly surrendered.

By his feet, bloodstained and collapsed, had been someone from his former workshop―― from the place where Weitz first became a criminal, it had been a man who worked as an apprentice craftsman.

The man’d had his ear bitten off, crying and shouting as the tears and blood flowed. On that day, he had falsely accused Weitz of being a criminal, and hearing that rumor leak out over a drink, Weitz had retaliated.

Spitting out the ear he had been holding in his mouth, Weitz was seized by the guards and thrown in jail.

Weitz was notoriously known within the City of Iron and Blood. Without anything like a path of salvation granted to him, soon after, it was decided that as a criminal slave, he would be sent to the infamous Gladiator Island.

Without the will to oppose, he accepted it. Without the intent to resist, he crossed the lake.

At the place where he had been sent, having been put together with a group of seedy-looking people in similar circumstances, he had been forced to participate in a ceremony to fight an extremely dreadful Witchbeast.

I don’t care what happens. I ain’t got any intention of dying.

No matter who I must sacrifice, no matter who I must outsmart, I’ll survive, and then, one day.

One day, I’d be treated――.

Subaru: [――Weitz! Grab the sword! I’m counting on you!!]

――I’d be treated as a “normal” human being, that was my wish.

△▼△▼△▼△

Weitz: [Take cover…!]

The moment he saw the head belonging to the guard flying through the air, having been kicked, whirling around as it sprayed blood, Weitz immediately thrust Schwartz, standing next to him, towards Tanza.

Dressed in a kimono , this girl, contrary to that youthful appearance, possessed great strength.

However, she had not mastered that power. The strength of her body and her mind were misaligned, it was far too risky to rely on her. ――With Schwartz, they made a good combination.

Weak in body, but strong in mind, was Schwartz. If it was him, Tanza would probably be put to good use.

Therefore, at this moment, pushing him towards Tanza, strong in body, but weak in mind, had supposedly been the right choice.

And then, Weitz himself, the performer of such deed――,

Weitz: [A-AHHHHHHHHH…!!!!]

Running forward, he swung his arms up and slammed the guard’s head flying towards him into the floor of the passage.

Beheading his ally in an instant, then punting that head to make it fly, that utmost shocking deed was a scheme that had put the thoughts of Weitz and the others to a standstill―― But, it did not seem to be just that.

In reality, the judgment of the four people aside from Weitz had been one beat too slow, but Weitz had made a move.

Schwartz had been so vigilant of that man, so it did not seem like that was all he was aiming for.

And it happened right after Weitz had thought that.

Weitz: [――Hk!?]

Right beside Weitz, who had been glaring towards the man in front of him, who had taken an axe into his hand, the monstrous black bird―― the Gladiator Beast, had charged in, destroying the wall of the passage.

Smashing the wall half a step behind Weitz, it laid waste to the passage of the Island’s upper stratum right beside him.

Aiming for Weitz and the others, the flying Gladiator Beast approached to slaughter―― no, that was wrong. It was not wrong that it was a Gladiator Beast, but that bird had not been aiming for Weitz and the others.

Gladiator Beast: [――――GYAOO!!]

Having smashed the wall and made its appearance, what had been pierced by the monstrous bird’s beak was the head of the guard that had been decapitated.

Aiming for the head of the decapitated guard, the monstrous bird had crashed into the passage. Neither did he understand what that meant, nor did he have the time to think about it.

Weitz: [I’ll…!!]

While his back was showered with wounds from fragments of the wall bursting open from the tremendous impact that had occured half a step behind him, as well as the sharp wings of the Gladiator Beast, clenching his teeth, Weitz did not take his eyes off the man.

Even having inquired about Schwartz’s lineage, he had not bowed down, but rather enhanced his intent to kill―― he was dangerous.

He was a honest-to-god threat, different from Weitz’s tattoos, which only created a sense of danger.

No matter what, he would stop it.

Todd: [――――]

Seeing Weitz moving forward, the man ruthlessly narrowed his eyes.

Just from the look in those eyes without uttering a word, Weitz could tell his opponent intended on killing him. Without a pause, seeing the man raise the axe overhead with his left arm, Weitz raised his own left arm.

That was the arm that had been the first to become inked with a tattoo, becoming evidence of him being criminal, the impetus for him drifting to this land.

Resolutely channeling all his strength, he would try to receive the blow unleashed by that man――,

Weitz: [Guh, geh… Hk.]

Without mercy, the swinging axe took aim at Weitz’s head from the left.

Forcing his raised arm into its trajectory, Weitz’s arm did not meet the blade of the axe from up high, but rather from the side. At the moment of impact, the bones of his elbow were shattered, and the bones of his upper arm and shoulder were pulverized alongside his flesh.

Through the impact and pain, his vision turned a deep red, and his left arm was dyed with darkness completely different from the color of the tattoo.

But――,

Weitz: [I endured it…!]

He had not been waiting for it, rather, by stepping forth, he had been capable of weakening the power behind the axe slightly.

That was the main reason why it had not smashed Weitz’s head in, why it had not ended his life. From the start, he’d had the grit from being called abnormal, but he had not possessed the judgment to match that.

The unification of that grit and judgment, had been the result of encountering a child far more reckless than himself.

Hence, that encounter allowed Weitz’s arm to reach the man――,

Todd: [You haven’t.]

With his left arm destroyed, he tried to seize the man with his remaining right arm; at that moment, the form of the man had vanished.

――No, the form of the man had not vanished, Weitz had just become unable to see it.

Exiting his field of vision, he became unable to see the form of his opponent in the dark, blurred space.

Something akin to that had happened. However, it was strange. It had been strange. Suddenly, on the right side of Weitz’s vision, the portion he could not see expanded in the span of a breath.

Just as if something had suddenly crushed the right side of Weitz’s vision.

???: [Weitz――!!]

Unable to find the vanished form of the man, Weitz harbored physical unease as someone called out to him.

Slowly turning to look behind him, there was the destroyed passage and plumes of smoke. Then, he saw the head of the monstrous bird that had destroyed the passage, sent flying by a downward swing of the axe of the man who had vanished.

Weitz: [――――]

Beyond the man who had beheaded the bird monster, he could see four people standing above the crumbling passage.

There were also some who had fallen on their butts while retreating, but it seemed that all of them had avoided the monstrous bird’s intermission. That he himself was relieved about that, Weitz was a little surprised.

While surprised, there was one thing he wanted to tell them, who were watching him in amazement.

His broken left arm ached plenty. For some reason, the right side of his face had also started aching plenty.

While making use of that pain to somehow keep a grip on his consciousness, which had been getting distant,

Weitz: [It was the first time…]

???: [Weitz…!]

Weitz: [Anyone’s said, they believed in me…]

Muttering, Weitz understood that that had been the thing lodged within his heart.

Understanding that, he lost the strength in his legs, collapsing right then and there.

???: [Weitz――!!]

While hearing his name cried out with such emotion once more, he closed his eyes.

For some reason, it had been an awfully pleasant feeling.

△▼△▼△▼△

As he tried to rush to the collapsed Weitz, he was stopped by the slender fingers reaching out to him.

Tears in her eyes, shaking her head when Subaru turned to look back at her, the kimono -clad girl did not permit Subaru to take impulsive behavior.

And then, before he could shake those fingers off――,

???: [ーーーーGWOGOBO!!]

There was a hideous, ear-splitting screech, and the ceiling of the passageway was crushed from above.

Right overhead of the collapsed Weitz, the passage succumbed to the weight and collapsed with a violent screech; directly under the falling ceiling, Weitz was engulfed, and the floor gave way.

The destroyed passage had opened a hole to the lower strata, and Subaru witnessed Weitz falling headfirst together with the gigantic gray frog which had crushed the ceiling.

To Weitz, who had taken an axe to his left arm, and suffered a blow from a knife to his right eye, he must.

Subaru: [WEITZ――!!]

Subaru screamed as he reached his hand out towards the falling passage, towards the crumbling floor and ceiling.

Weitz had fallen. Weitz, who had rushed forward to protect Subaru and the others. Quickly, quickly, they had to jump down there, and save Weitz.

Todd: [It sure is lucky that the second one fell. Witchbeasts are a pain to kill.]

In front of Subaru, whose thoughts had gone astray, Todd muttered, giving a sidelong glance to the collapsed passage.

At his feet lay the corpse of the decapitated giant black bird. The Witchbeast had been killed by Todd with an axe after it had crashed into the passage.

The events that had occurred had done so far too quickly for Subaru to digest.

What Todd had done, what had occurred before his eyes, anything and everything. Until he was finished dealing with them, he would be unable to think about anything else. ――He would be unable to think about Weitz.

What had happened with Weitz, and what had become of him, he would be unable to think.

He would be unable t――,

Todd: [――As for Witchbeasts, they’ll eat the corpse of the guy who broke their horn.]

Subaru: [――――]

Suddenly, Todd had said that, resting the axe on his shoulder.

Subaru, much like everyone else, had yet to fully accept the situation before them; their breaths hitched due to Todd’s words, turning to face him.

Receiving the gazes of those four people, Todd pointed to the dead body at his feet.

Todd: [When someone breaks a Witchbeast’s horn, they can make it obey them, but it seems that over the time they give it commands, some resentment will surely accumulate. When that person dies, the Witchbeast’ll eat their corpse in revenge. Disgusting, isn’t it?]

Shrugging his shoulders, Todd spoke about this little-known ecology of Witchbeasts.

Neither did Subaru want to know how Todd had found out about that, nor was the information itself the type he would benefit from knowing in the first place.

However, it did provide an adequate explanation of what had happened there.

The reason the giant bird had crashed into the passage was because the guard who had been beheaded was the one who had broken off its horn, and Todd had known in advance that it would home in on his corpse.

Kicking that head into flight, he had tried to get Subaru and the others engulfed by the large bird as it aimed for that.

But, that had not happened. Because, because, because.

Because――.

Subaru: [Weitz.]

Todd: [He sure looked like a guy who cared for his companions. ――That’s why he died.]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Unbefitting of Todd, it was a thorough explanation of the events that had taken place.

Without listening to anyone, notifying anyone, explaining to anyone, to kill without giving any information whatsoever, that was Todd’s way of doing things. Despite that, why had he spoken incessantly, allowing them to hear all that just now?

Letting them hear, letting them understand, to let Subaru’s mind move on to the next question.

The relationship between the two guards who were killed and the Witchbeast who had charged in.

Once that was settled, Subaru’s thoughts could move to the next. Next, was about Weitz.

About how Weitz had died, and that there was nothing he could do regarding it.

Subaru: [A-AHHHHH――!!]

He should not have died. Weitz, should not have died.

While facing the horror that was Todd, he should not have attempted to protect Subaru and the others. This monster who would kill someone for opposing them, should not have been opposed by him.

After all, if he were to die here――.

Todd: [Your expression’s finally started to look like a brat’s.]

The moment he understood that Weitz had died, Subaru’s head was filled with regret and impatience.

Seeing that reaction, Todd smiled as if things had gone according to plan, and raised his axe overhead.

The purpose for Todd’s careful explanation, had been to let Subaru put his thoughts in order.

Forcing Subaru to confront Weitz’s death, which he had unconsciously tried not to think about, had been so that his heart would be crushed, in order to turn an enigmatic enemy into a mere human being of flesh and blood.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama――!]

Subaru’s legs had come to a halt in shock, and Hiain and Idra’s minds were still unable to recover. The first to move before the three of them could, had been Tanza.

Tanza set her eyes on Todd approaching them; with her arms outstretched, she stood in front of Subaru.

However, Todd frowned at Tanza’s conduct and,

Todd: [Hey you, you’re doing it all wrong.]

Tanza: [Huh.]

Saying that in front of Tanza, who had been standing in the way, Todd dropped to his knees on the spot. While Tanza’s eyes had been captivated by that movement, the crouching Todd extended his arms up to her inner thighs, and hoisted her up.

Just as that happened, Tanza’s small body floated upwards, and was thrown to the side. ――Through the large hole in the wall destroyed by the giant bird, which connected to the outside.

Tanza: [Ah.]

Even though she wielded physical abilities that were unthinkable for a child, she could not defy gravity or the laws of physics. Naturally, her body was not even heavier than an adult’s, as Tanza’s weight was that of a single little girl.

Instantly, Tanza reached her arms out, but her slender fingertips had nowhere to reach, and her body was thrown to the other side of the Island.

Todd: [Have fun.]

Thrown into the air, Tanza’s screams quickly faded as she descended.

Thus, with Tanza who had been standing in the way now gone, there was no one left to protect Subaru and the others from Todd’s axe.

Idra: [He’s His Excellency the Emperor’s…]

Todd: [Yeah?]

Idra: [He’s His Excellency the Emperor’s son! Are you insane!?]

Glaring at Todd, who had turned around, Idra cried that out.

Eyes bloodshot, his friendly facial features burning with anger, he reproached Todd for not being swayed by the “lie” that Subaru was the illegitimate son of the Emperor of Vollachia.

However, Todd’s answer to that complaint was simple.

――Wordlessly, he merely swung his axe to bash Idra’s head in.

Idra: [Woaaah!]

Just before his head was smashed in, Idra, his clothes having been yanked, fell on his butt. The axe missed and landed behind Idra, whose eyes widened, while Subaru, who had yanked him down, shook his head hastily.

It was impossible, words would not get through to him. From the start, this threat itself had been a mistake.

Subaru had tried to rely on taking the easy way out.

As punishment for that, he had found him into this situation.

Todd: [You dodged that huh, my bad, my bad. However――]

Readjusting his grip on the axe, Todd turned to the side with a disgusted expression. At the point his gaze had been directed to, near Subaru and Idra, who had fallen on his backside, Hiain camouflaged himself against the surrounding scenery.

Assimilating with the destroyed floor and walls, he would be incapable of telling that Hiain was there.

But, it was not like he had been able to move quickly.

Todd: [Disappearing right in front of me, what’s your plan?]

Hiain: [Schwa――]

Meeting eyes with Todd, Hiain flinched, and his camouflage was instantly disrupted.

Until then, his assimilation with the scenery had been perfect; as if part of a painting had been ruined, it then became something exceedingly unsightly, unbearable to look at.

This time, it was red paint that had been applied to the picture, gushing out of Hiain.

Hiain: [――――]

Taking the blow from the axe on his shoulder, it cleaved through to his lower chest, and Hiain collapsed. As his blood profusely flowed out of him, the camouflage of his body was undone, and the remains of the gray lizardman fell over with a thud.

Weitz had died, Tanza had been thrown out of there, and Hiain had been killed as well.

One after another, before Subaru’s eyes.

And then――,

Idra: [I-it’s a duel… Hk.]

His voice trembling, taking his eyes off the slain Hiain’s corpse, Idra stood up.

Pointing his finger at the man who, just a moment prior, had killed his comrade before his eyes, gnashing his teeth, Idra’s face was red with anger, blue with fear, and as if he knew not what to do, his face turned white while glaring at Todd.

At the location Sparka had taken place, he had told a lie to inspire Subaru and the others, and to encourage himself.

Different from Subaru’s cheap lies, the lie about his title carried ideals.

Idra: [If you too, are a warrior――]

Those ideals of Idra’s, ideals that were perhaps too idealistic, were betrayed.

Todd: [Wow!]

Idra: [――Hk.]

There was no doubt it had been a faint hope, but Idra’s offer had been frantic and earnest.

Shouting in a loud voice to cut him off, Todd had attacked Idra as he tried to be strong, even if it had been merely bravado, while he was unprepared. Thus, he thrust his blade during that unpreparedness.

Idra: [Gah!]

Todd: [I’m not a warrior, I’m a soldier.]

Idra, fallen to his knees, raised his trembling hands to his neck. Lodged in the middle of his throat was Todd’s knife, its sharp tip protruding from the back of his neck.

Even so, Idra’s hands grabbed the handle of the knife to pull it out. And then, before he could pull it out, the axe smashed through Idra’s head from directly above.

Idra: [――Ah.]

Idra fell forward, and Todd pulled the knife out from his body. Idra’s corpse, having fallen over clumsily, and Hiain’s corpse were lined up, like something out of a nightmare.

Some place far, Weitz’s body was buried in the debris of the collapsed rubble.

Had something happened to Tanza, who had fallen from up high and had not returned? That reminded him, the frog that fell together with Weitz was supposedly down there as well.

If so, Tanza, and the gladiators of this Island as well――.

Todd: [What’s actually happening here?]

Subaru: [Huh…]

Todd: [You, are you really the child of His Excellency the Emperor?]

Todd, carrying the axe on his shoulder, looked down at Subaru, who had slumped down with blank eyes.

Having lost his comrades, lacking the willpower to run away, as the man gazed at his state, Subaru understood why he had been kept alive until he was the last one remaining.

The lie Subaru had told, that he was the Emperor’s illegitimate son, had driven an actual wedge into Todd.

He, too, had been considering the possibility that Subaru really was the Emperor’s illegitimate son.

Subaru: [Then…]

Todd: [Hmm?]

Subaru: [Why don’t, you just surrender, or something? I’m the Emperor’s…]

If he had considered the possibility that Subaru was his son, then there was supposedly some room to consider the appeal of Subaru and the others.

Subaru had decided to go along with Tanza and the others’ misunderstanding by using this strategy, because he had thought it would be the best way to put his Unit on their feet again, and because it had been a gleam of hope for them.

It was possible that Todd, instead of picking the option to have them kill one another, would choose to raise the white flag in order to survive.

But as a result of that, Subaru had lost all his comrades, while Todd had kept his grasp on his life.

Subaru: [Why, what is it? You’re…]

Todd: [If I did something like surrender, I’d get killed due to some half-minded justification, and there’d be nothing I could do.]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [I’ve decided that it’s always better to inquire about the authenticity of a matter when the situation’s in my favor. I can devote my thoughts to making a decision, and it’s also harder to make a mistake. ――That and, it gives me peace of mind.]

At the last reason, which seemed to be the most important with the way Todd had put it, Subaru took in a breath.

It felt just as if, all this time, Todd had been strangling his neck.

Todd: [Regardless of whether you’re the Emperor’s illegitimate son or not, it’s your name I’m curious about.]

Subaru: [My, name…?]

Todd: [Natsuki Schwartz, that’s similar to the name of a scary guy I know. And to top it off, the way you smell is really similar to that scary guy as well.]

With a small sniff, Todd looked at Subaru with cold eyes.

Something about his smell―― he had been told the same thing back during the first massacre, when he had first come to know that Todd had arrived at the Gladiator Island.

Having been informed that it was about his smell, an unpleasant hunch emerged within Subaru’s mind.

Subaru: [Do you know about the Miasma?]

Todd: [Miasma? Ah, no, that’s not it, that’s not it, don’t get the wrong idea. It really does smell, your body odor. I have a bit of a good nose. That’s why it’s so strange.]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [――Hey you, do you have an older brother or something? If so, I’d be happy to keep you alive as a bargaining chip with him.]

Denying Subaru’s question, what had followed was a surprising proposal.

I’d be happy to keep you alive , to think such a thing would come from Todd’s mouth. Furthermore, the older brother Todd had spoken of, was in all likelihood none other than Subaru himself.

He had thought that the Subaru with longer limbs was the older brother of the shrunken Subaru.

Moreover, Subaru seemed to remember introducing himself to Todd while he was dressed as a woman, he might be suspecting that Subaru was related to “Natsumi Schwartz” because of that.

In any case, if “not killing” had become an option in Todd’s mind.

Subaru: [――――]

Weitz’s, Hiain’s and Idra’s deaths, had occurred right next to him.

If he closed his eyes, the deaths of Gustav and Old Man Null also came to mind. He could also see the deaths of the many gladiators, see their their remains, which he had witnessed along the way.

Absolutely everyone, had ended up dead. They had ended up dead, thus.

――Thus, because Subaru absolutely must not die.

Subaru: […You know, about Nii-chan?]

Taking advantage of Todd’s misunderstanding, he switched gears to advancing the conversation.

If Todd was somehow cautious of the big Subaru, then by using that caution, the small Subaru could live.

If he could survive this place in that way――.

Todd: [――Wait.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Subaru opened his mouth and tried to string together some words that would get him through this. Todd outstretched his palm and grabbed Subaru’s face as it made an expression, and Subaru could see his eyes through the gaps between his fingers.

Crouching down while grabbing Subaru’s face, Todd gave him a terribly cold look.

And then――,

Todd: [――Hey, you tried to manipulate me, didn’t you?]

With a dull thud, a sharp sensation slid into his chest.

Feeling the chill of the blade’s tip inside his body, Subaru widened his eyes. Then, one beat later, a pain so great that his limbs went numb screamed in the back of his head with potency.

And due to that potent scream, Subaru’s own mouth also screamed.

Subaru: [GYAAAA, GEEEEE!!]

Todd: [My bad, my bad, there’s no room for carelessness or weakness.]

An oversized knife had been lodged deeply within Subaru’s chest.

It was not a matter of pulling it out or not pulling it out, it was simply too big. It had pierced him. Having stabbed him, it was probably destroying that which was important within his chest.

Blood frothed at the edges of his mouth, and while spilling red saliva, Subaru’s body trembled.

Coughing violently, a red-stained package fell out of his mouth.

It did not matter. It no longer mattered. He could not use it. It was not like he could use it. Die, he must not die. If he died, it would be terrible. If he died, dying would be, he must not die.

Todd: [Don’t move.]

Lying down, trying to crawl away from that place, Subaru’s abdomen was stepped on by Todd as he spoke. So that he could not move, so that he could not get away, he had been stopped.

Having stopped him, in front of Subaru, Todd raised his axe overhead.

It hurts, it’s scary, and it’s awful, it’s dangerous, at least, at least, this red, this cold pain, this, at least this, I must, stop this.

Subaru: [I must, not, die…]

Todd: [One, two aaand three!]

Weakly, he raised his hands to shield his head. Useless.

The head beneath Subaru’s hands, and his very life, the blade of the falling axe pulverized all of those――.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [――Hk.]

As his head was smashed in, everything contained inside of it had spilled out.

Feeling as if he had been watching that horrific scene, a scream exploded from the depths of Subaru’s throat. Reaching out both of his trembling hands, he touched his own head.

It had not been smashed. A head that had not been smashed, a chest that did not ache, a life that had not been snuffed out, it was all there.

Upon ascertaining this, as he breathed a sigh of relief, Subaru raised his head to the sky, and――,

Subaru: [――Ah.]

There was a man covered in tattoos that, slowly, turned to look back at Subaru.

His left arm mangled by the axe, his right eye stabbed out by the knife, he was shedding a tremendous amount of blood. Weitz.

Weitz: [It was the first time…]

His lips quivering, the bloodied Weitz spilled those words.

Seeing that, Subaru let out an “Ah” along with a truly, truly pathetic breath of air.

Weitz: [Anyone’s said, they believed in me…]

Subaru: [AAAHHHHHH――!!!!]

Spilling those feeble words, Weitz’s body collapsed to its side.

Even if he were to extend his hand, no matter what he did, Weitz’s body could not be saved any more, definitely.

He should not have died. Subaru, should not have died.

He should not have let it become absolute.

Subaru’s starting line, restarting at the point of Death, continued to move forward――.

Subaru: [AAAHHHHHH――!!!!]

――Because once it happened that someone could not be saved, Natsuki Subaru’s “heart” would be shattered.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch Cult Translations is recruiting! We’re currently looking for machine translators and Japanese to English checkers. If you’re interested in either of these roles, you can leave a reply in the comments below with your contact information, send a DM to @WCTranslations , or contact Ice#6557 on Discord.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 74: Idra Missanga ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

The sound of footsteps, the sound of steadily approaching footsteps, paralyzed Subaru’s heart.

It was absolutely necessary to prevent the massacre brought about by the arrival of Todd and Arakiya from the Imperial Capital.

Frantically, earnestly, for the sake of brushing aside the malice and absurdity that befell him, he struggled with all of his might. He struggled and struggled, he continued to struggle, however, the worst case scenario had occurred.

The restart point continued to move forward, having made Death its starting line.

This time, what Subaru feared the most was not Death itself. Rather, he feared that upon meeting his Death and returning, reality would become absolute.

——That a life he could not save had carried over, was what he feared the most.

That, the inescapable Death of someone, gradually drawing closer, was what he feared the most.

Subaru: [AAAHHHHHHHHHH——!!!!]

At the scene before him, the collapsed and bloody form of Weitz, Subaru’s throat shrieked.

Screaming as he tried to run away, the fingers protruding from the sleeve grabbed him, and forbade his movement. Grabbing him was Tanza, the girl whose gentle eyes were filled with tears, as she shook her head desperately at Subaru.

This too, he had seen. He had already seen. Looking, he looked at it, it was something he knew the sight of.

The same scene, the scene he had witnessed just a minute ago, he observed it once more.

???: [————GWOGOBO!!]

Immediately after, there was a hideous, ear-splitting screech, and the passage was crushed along with Weitz’s collapsed body, which as it was, would fall through the floor down the side of the island’s mountain.

That debris, falling down together with the large body of the gray frog, engulfed Weitz, and he vanished from sight.

Subaru: [No, nonoNOOOOOO——!!]

Tanza: [Schwartz-Sama!?]

Frantically waving his arms about, Subaru shook off Tanza’s hand. Abandoning the voice of the shocked young girl behind him, Subaru sprinted towards where Weitz was falling.

If he rushed right now, he could pick up the falling man, block up the wounds the man bore on his eye and left arm, wrap bandages around him in the healing room, if he could just give everything treatment then surely, surely, surely——,

Subaru: [Not yet——]

Todd: [You sure are weaker than I thought.]

To save Weitz, he sprinted with reckless abandon.

Subaru was met head-on by something swinging to mow him down. Only after a hard, heavy sound emanated as his field of vision began rapidly spinning did he realize it had been the blade of an axe, dirtied by a dark red.

In Subaru’s field of vision, rapidly spinning as it ascended up high, he saw the body of a child, clumsily sprinting. Seeing it pitch forward and collapse, he understood it had been his own headless body.

In that case, where had his head gone? More importantly, Weitz, he must, must, mustmustmust.

× × ×

Spinning round and round, then abruptly being fixed to one spot, Subaru’s brain was thrown about.

With a vigor akin to a ferociously revolving camera coming to an abrupt standstill, his semicircular canals that were not actually moving gave him a disorderly sensation.

With the surging nausea and confusion, that from there he must save Weitz, that this wasn’t the time to stop his legs, that impatience was——,

Weitz: [It was the first time…]

Then at Subaru, whose vision had returned, the bloody form of Weitz muttered so.

One second later, the form of Weitz crumbled, an immense quantity of blood flowing from his left arm and right eye.

Weitz: [Anyone, has said, that they believed me…]

Subaru: [AHHHHHHHHH——!!!!]

The reality that could not be undone, had crushingly trampled upon the soul of Natsuki Subaru.

△▼△▼△▼△

Slowly but surely, the tremors of ruin were creeping near.

The massacre commenced, and Subaru, without preventing it, began to run.

However, starting with the restart point having moved ten seconds forward, the reduction of the grace period felt as if it was being shaved off, distancing from a miracle, erasing all hope from Subaru’s heart.

Sneaking into Gustav’s office, he learned the truth of the massacre through cooperating with Hiain.

Many times, they were discovered before Todd and Arakiya’s conversation with Gustav could reach its crux, mistakes piled up, repeating through Trial & Error so that next time—— it had become irreversible.

The restart point, it had moved forth to when he was hiding with Hiain in the office.

Subaru: [————]

Since that moment, Subaru had been hearing the grand voice of ruin laughing from within his heart.

Hanging over Subaru, while he heard the heartbeat of the frightened Hiain, probably beating more violently than that had been Subaru’s heart.

Unable to stop the massacre, what would he do if the restart point had moved past that?

If the point of restart had made this a place of no return, filled with despair, Natsuki Subaru wondered just what in the world he could do.

And then——,

Arakiya: [Slosh——]

Along with that unfeeling voice, Gustav’s head had been blown off, that was when Subaru knew.

He absolutely must not die anymore. Dying, and returning to before, if that was after Gustav had been killed, that his life could no longer be saved, would become absolute.

If he made anybody’s Death absolute, then that was already the same as Subaru killing them himself.

Letting a world that could not be saved become absolute, no matter whose hands had brought about that Death, Natsuki Subaru would be the murderer.

That was why, he was desperate in order to not die.

Even if Gustav died, even if Old Man Null died, even if the Gladiators died, even if the guards died, even if anyone died, he was resisting desperately in order not to die.

If Subaru died, they who had been killed would die for real.

Though he understood it was an unreasonable notion, Subaru could not do anything but struggle like that.

If Subaru did not die, there remained a possibility that he could finish things without letting his dead comrades die. If he did that, he could finish it without them really dying, that was why——.

If he does not die for the rest of eternity in this way, he could finish things without anyone dying, such a fantasy it was.

Such a fantasy, it had been nothing more than a fantasy, the life of Subaru, who had uncouthly died, was proof of that.

△▼△▼△▼△

How many times had he welcomed Death already?

???: [Disappearing right in front of me, what’s your plan?]

???: [Schwa——]

A voice that was about to call his name was cut short in front of Subaru, who was slumped over on his knees.

The axe, swung devoid of mercy, hacked into Hiain’s body, taking his life with it, causing him to clatter loudly onto the floor, eyes wide open.

Flowing blood gushed out, spreading onto the floor, mixing with the blood from Idra’s body, who’d fallen earlier.

Idra, whose head had been split open, had been killed before Hiain.

Subaru had failed to save him from Todd’s first attack. Idra had been killed first, then Hiain, and finally Subaru was left alone once again.

And all that was after Tanza had already been thrown by Todd, and fallen out of the hole in the wall.

The world had already been rewound to the point where the screams of a falling Tanza could be heard.

Weitz, his arm and face injured, swallowed by the collapsing passage along with the frog Witchbeast, along with Tanza, thrown out while trying to protect Subaru, were “locked” into a reality that could not be changed.

And then——,

Todd: [What’s actually happening here?]

Subaru, who was slumped over on the spot, his knees stained with their flowing blood, was posed a question by Todd carrying his axe atop his shoulder.

Subaru’s numb brain received a jolt, telling him the words that would follow.

The question from Todd, which he had been asked so many times already, was——.

Subaru: [You, are you really the child of His Excellency the Emperor?]

Todd: […Quit predicting what people are about to say.]

Todd let out that mutter with a tone of voice that indicated displeasure in response to Subaru, who still had his head hung down.

He did not know how he actually felt about being beaten to the punch, but to Subaru, it did not feel like things were precarious to the point Todd would instantly become enraged and try to kill him.

Not that he was trying to create a sense of danger, that had just left his mouth in a fit of panic.

But if Todd’s pace were disturbed even slightly——,

Subaru: [If you don’t want to die, stay put.]

Saying this, Subaru pulled out a black orb from his pocket—— the curse tool that had been placed in Gustav’s body. He held it out as to display it to Todd.

The black orb, having wiped clean of blood, and possessing a texture and feel akin to that of a glass ball, was far heavier than a golf ball.

What it was made of, and what material it was made of, knowledge of that did not really matter.

The important thing to remember was that it concealed a very great and cruel power.

If this was truly the key needed to activate the curse rule, that which Todd desired, then he could use it.

It could possibly, supposedly be a second chance for him to be listened to.

Subaru: [This, it seems, is what you need for the curse rule. If you don’t want to die…]

Todd: [——. Hey you, what you’ve got there is…]

Subaru: [——I’m the one! Who’s doing the talking! Right now!! I said “if you don’t want to die”, you heard me damn well, didn’t you!?]

Subaru barked as he waved his hand with the curse tool, spittle flying.

There was no room in his head, crammed with regret and despair, and no leeway for him to examine Todd’s every word. Intense anger welled up in him as he just commanded him to do as told.

Todd: [Good grief, I got you, I got you.]

Seeing Subaru’s anger, Todd let out a small sigh and raised his hands, lowering his axe.

Subaru was astonished to see Todd following his instructions so readily. His reaction made Todd raise an eyebrow.

Todd: [You’re a weird one. Aren’t you the one who told me to do this?]

Subaru: [W-well… It’s not so simple…]

Unable to argue back with Todd, Subaru’s eyes darted around, clearly flustered, as he strongly rued his own foolishness.

Using being Emperor’s illegitimate son had been mistaken, he should have just used the curse tool as a shield from the start. He had been scared and impatient, so he had jumped to the easy option. And because of that, he had ruined everything.

Gustav, Old Man Null, Weitz and Tanza, all because of Subaru.

All because Subaru had not made proper use of his head——.

Todd: [By the way kid, you know how to use that?]

Subaru: [Huh…?]

As he condemned and rued his own foolishness, a voice interrupted his thoughts.

Due to that question cast by Todd, his hands raised, Subaru let out a hoarse voice and looked at the curse tool in his hand. As far as how to use it went, he did not know. It did not have an easy-to-understand switch or a mechanism that told him how to use it just by holding it.

Subaru: [——I guess.]

Todd immediately saw through the threat just by how much his gaze wavered.

Todd: [If you knew, you wouldn’t have done this, there’d be no need for threats.]

Subaru: [Ah.]

Immediately after, Todd kicked Subaru’s hand away with an upswing of his foot, his hands still raised.

Having kicked the hand which was holding out the curse tool, the black orb flew up directly overhead. Subaru reflexively followed it with his eyes; once again, he was acting foolishly.

Looking up was the same as offering your neck to the enemy.

Subaru: [————]

His gaze chased after the flying curse tool, until it was abruptly interrupted.

Just before the interruption, he thought he heard a thunk coming from his left side to his right, but he had no way or reason to know for sure what it was.

And he had no choice but to admit something.

——He was unable to conceive a way to stop Todd Fang.

△▼△▼△▼△

——A fool who had everything taken away from him, after playing the good guy and having been made fun of.

That was how the people around Idra Missanga, a man who had lost his family’s business, ended up on the street, and became a slave, evaluated him.

A small farming village in the northwestern part of the Empire was Idra’s home, the land where the Missanga family had kept the family mill business going for generations. Idra had heard that the mill had been established in the generation of his grandfather’s grandfather, who had apparently been a very skilled person during his lifetime.

He had been entrusted by his lord to manage the waterwheel built along the river in the village and the mill that used it, and he was in charge of milling the entirety of the grains from the village.

The rewards were high, the labor was low, and Idra came from a privileged background in the eyes of those who had to rely on the Missanga family to mill the crops they produced.

However, neither Idra himself nor his family were using their business to have a life they could boast of.

There was no doubt that they were well-off compared to their neighbors. At the same time, however, they had also acted as members of the village, taking on roles that should normally be performed by the village head, such as paying taxes to the lord on behalf of the villagers in times of crop failure, or going directly to negotiate with the lord.

——Do business honestly, and strive to earn widespread trust and confidence.

This was the family motto and philosophy of the Missanga family as millers.

In the process of milling using a waterwheel, many would pocket some of the grain. Indeed, Idra, and his father, had been sternly told by their own parents, who were in charge of the family business, that the world looked harshly at millers, and that exactly was why it was important to be humble.

Because he had a role in which he could easily arouse suspicion, he had always kept an open mind when interacting with people.

Never monopolizing wealth, sharing joys and sorrows with those around them. Even if this was not the right way to live in the Vollachian Empire, which respected the strong, it had been honored as the correct way to live in the remote rural village that was out of reach of the iron and blood rule of the Imperial Capital.

Idra was also one of those who had grown up with its benefits since childhood.

So even after his seriously-ill father handed over the family business early on, he had tried to keep the tradition alive.

???: [It’s an honest and good life, isn’t it? I’m jealous.]

Envying Idra’s life, was a man who stopped by the village’s bar.

A man, exuding the atmosphere of a veteran soldier, had revealed his identity as a mercenary who had traveled across battlefields wielding a large sword.

Since people from the outside were rare, Idra shared drinks with him, listening to his various stories.

For Idra, who had not possessed much knowledge of the outside world, the world the man had spoken of was full of surprises.

Unlike rural villages where time passed slowly and peacefully, the world in which that man lived was dangerous, and cruel. But at the same time, it was filled with an unforgettable heat.

By that time already, Idra had held a vague yearning for it.

As a person born in the Vollachian Empire, he had wondered if any option other than him taking over the family business existed, a hope that he had not taken very seriously.

The life of a warrior who respected his own strength and faith, would never choose a lowly way of life.

Man: [Idra, you have a cousin. Actually, I’ve taken an interest in her…]

Idra became close with the man who visited the village every few months and drank with him each time.

And so, after several nights spent together, the man had confided that in Idra, donning a serious face. His younger cousin was still unmarried, and Idra was fond of that man as well.

So, without hesitation, Idra introduced him to his cousin, set the stage for the couple to bond, and celebrated the birth of their new family with drinks on the night of their nuptials.

A month later, that man conspired with his cousin to steal the family business of milling.

The man insisted that Idra’s cousin was also entitled to run the family business of the Missanga family, and spoke further lies, that Idra and his father, who had been working at the mill until now, had falsified the results of their milling to the villagers.

Of course, Idra asserted that that was not so, but the suspicion attached to the profession of a miller itself could not be dispelled, and the opinion of the village was split down the middle.

Before a settlement could be reached, his father, who had been very sick, died of his illness, and his mother, suffering from heartache, passed away, as if chasing after him.

Idra: [I’ve run out of patience. I will protect my household at all costs…!]

Mourning his parents, Idra decided to fight back, even cursing his own carelessness.

If his cousin and the man planned to do something nefarious, Idra would surely reclaim his rights. For this reason, Idra requested the presence of the villagers to bring the man to justice.

He believed that the trust that the Missanga family had developed through their honest business practices would bring justice.

However——,

Idra: [——Why, what in the world?]

No one showed up at the place that had been agreed upon, and on the contrary, preparations for an armed uprising were found in Idra’s home.

Abandoned and brought to an unwanted trial before their lord, Idra had desperately pleaded innocence, but none of the villagers defended him.

His cousin and the man orchestrated the whole thing.

The villagers chose the man who lied but contributed profits over the honest Idra.

There had not been even a single shred of hope to win.

Deprived of his family business and reduced to slavery, Idra was sent to the Island by slave traders.

A place for those who had nowhere else to go, a horrible Island where the only thing they had left, their lives, would be toyed with. Ginunhive.

In that place where fighting for his life was made a spectacle, Idra felt his heart fall in despair and his soul rotting away, and he decided to follow his despair.

Isn’t it enough already?

How can I still be motivated to work hard, when I worked so hard and was not rewarded?

What I believed was a lie. What I relied on was a mistake.

Everyone’s looking to take advantage of everyone else, trying to save only themselves.

If that was the case, then there was nothing wrong with him doing that as well.

Indeed, Idra was nothing.

It was only natural that no one would choose him.

He had no trained strength, nor any ability to be of any special use. Who would choose Idra?

Even Idra would not choose Idra.

And yet, who in the world would choose Idra, who was merely honest to a fault, that Idra——.

Subaru: [——You wanted to be a warrior, right, Idra?! If so, now’s your chance! Now is the time to do it!]

——The day for him to be rewarded for living an honest life, was not supposed to arrive.

△▼△▼△▼△

Idra: [————]

Feeling a throbbing, aching sensation in his head, Idra had become completely unable to move.

His tongue was numb, and as if his throat were blocked, he was unable to breathe. The sensation in his limbs was distant, he was assailed by a fear akin to that of his own body having been torn asunder.

Fear, he could no longer avoid facing it.

Considering what had happened just before, even back in his hometown, when nobody took his side, that cold sensation of the blood freezing throughout his body was a far cry from this fear.

Weitz was killed before his eyes, and the brave Tanza was thrown outside the passage.

As he watched, Idra simply stiffened, unable to do anything. It would be too ironic if that cowardice was the reason he had been able to outlive Weitz and Tanza.

Would these few seconds, maybe around ten, suit the humiliation that burned through his chest?

Unable to do anything, he watched as two people who could have done something died.

The despair and regret that this fact brought to Idra was even heavier than in the past, when the family business had fallen victim to his careless behavior.

Idra: [——Heh.]

Thinking that much, Idra laughed at his own inexperience in life.

Regardless of joyful experiences, he could not think of any painful ones, other than the downfall of his life when the family business was taken from him. ——He truly felt that he had been blessed and plentiful.

Perhaps it had been his way of living, that which had provoked the man who had stolen his livelihood away from him.

Even if that were the case, there was no way he could forgive that man for what he had done.

Idra: [————]

With excessively ragged breathing, his vision blurry, Idra checked his surroundings.

Just what had happened? Were the pains throughout his body and this lack of ability to comprehend related somehow? Was this even real to begin with?

That everyone on the Gladiator Island could be killed, that Schwartz was the illegitimate son of the Emperor, that Weitz and Tanza had both been killed, he wondered whether it was all a dream.

It was all a dream, and Idra still had the luxury of being bored with his privileged life——.

Todd: [You’ve sure done a bold thing, you know.]

Idra stiffened in horror, forgetting the pain in his body as he heard a cold voice.

The blood throughout his body felt frozen beyond a mere chill, and Idra slowly realized that the footsteps of the owner of the voice were approaching.

And then——,

Todd: [It’s better than standing still, but that’s what happens when you jump off without a plan.]

The man’s seemingly fed-up voice was not directed at Idra.

Because the voice had directed somewhere a short distance away from him, Idra took in his relief. Then, with a wistful glance, he looked to the place the voice had been directed.

And there——,

???: [——Ah, ugh.]

He saw the crawling form of a ragged, bloodied, black-haired boy.

Idra: [————]

The sight of the crawling boy and the fact that this was not the passage of the upper stratum he had seen a moment prior reminded Idra of what had happened before his consciousness went blank.

Weitz had been murdered, Tanza had been projected outside, Idra had yelled at the heinous man’s incomprehensible thinking, and just before his demise, Schwartz had moved in.

Ranting and raving, Schwartz had clung onto the waist of the frozen-still Idra and Hiain, and jumped through a hole in the wall opposite from where Tanza had been thrown down.

Via the holes in the wall created by the large bird plunging through, Tanza had fallen to somewhere else on the Island, and Schwartz had jumped in with Idra and the others into a hole on the side opposite to that—— still, the chances of them surviving had been slim.

They had been scraped by the wall and hated by the protrusions, then slammed to the ground from a great height, and left to die.

It had been a reckless and desperate escape, with a nine out of ten chance of dying, but it had been the only way for them to escape.

That he had been able to grab that one chance to save his life could be said to be a miracle. However, the miracles stopped there.

Neither the crawling Schwartz, nor the collapsed Idra could escape from the man who was chasing them.

They were unable to lay eyes on Hiain, either because he had not managed to fall onto the mountainside scaffold they were on, or probably because he was using his camouflage to hide and lurk.

Even in case he were hiding, Hiain’s courage could not be counted on.

He was by no means a bad guy, but he was not brave. Though he was subservient and cowardly, though he would get carried away, though he was attached to Schwartz, one could not expect more from him.

Even so, if there was any chance for him to get through this without dying, then he should hold his breath and hide.

If the miracle that Schwartz had so desperately grasped would keep Hiain alive, then that was fine.

At least that much should be repaid to Schwartz.

Idra: [————]

Suddenly, he had a thought.

Now that he had fallen from a great height and was in tatters, and now that that man was paying attention to Schwartz, maybe Idra, too, would be overlooked as having died.

He was a scary guy, but there was no way he would go around crushing the heads of all the corpses.

Depending on Idra’s condition, if he could make him think he was dead with a convincing performance, then he could possibly get through this without dying. Like this, he could survive, even if only by himself.

Idra: [————]

It was time to choose.

In order to survive, what would Idra Missanga sacrifice, what would he do?

In this cruel world, where the strong and cunning got whatever they so wished, just what kind of person would Idra Missanga choose to become?

If he was honest, then people would have faith in him; and foolishly, honestly believing that he would then be trusted, this man who had lost everything——.

Todd: [——One, two aaand three!]

He raised the axe; gripping it with both hands, he was about to swing it down onto the crawling boy’s head.

Holding his breath, shutting his eyes, he hid his face from just about everything.

——What in the world could be saved with that?

Idra: [N-NOOOOOOO——!!!!]

He forced his whole body to move, tearing it off from the ground it seemed to stick on to, and ran clumsily, spitting up a lot of blood.

He ran and threw himself onto the man’s back. He could not move his left hand, so he just used his right hand to grapple that body, desperately trying to bite it.

Todd: [I knew you were alive.]

A moment later, as if to mock Idra’s resolve, the man dropped the axe he had raised over his back. His empty hand immediately pulled out a knife, and turning around, in a flash, Idra’s right forearm was blown off at the elbow.

Since he worked the waterwheel as a miller, his unworn, thin arm, which had never known hard labor, flew away.

However——,

Idra: [——TAKE HIM AND GOOOOOOOO!!]

As scorching heat crawled up from the severed arm, Idra’s vision was stained a deep red. But for just that moment, forgetting the pain, Idra shouted with all of his might.

The man in front of him slightly raised his eyebrows at the volume of that voice, as Idra still vomited blood.

He probably did not understand the purpose behind Idra’s shout and actions.

And yet——,

Todd: [Tch.]

The man turned around with a click of his tongue, and threw the knife that had slashed Idra’s arm.

The man had thrown it behind him, aimed at Schwartz who was crawling on the ground—— no, he was no longer there. Escaping while carrying Schwartz, was the scenery, moving.

It was Hiain.

Having held his breath as he laid in hiding, Hiain had taken Schwartz on his back and escaped. Seeing that, Idra gritted his teeth and threw himself onto the man’s back.

Since he had lost his right arm, and could not move his left arm, he bit down and clung to the man’s clothes.

Idra: [Bft.]

He was struck in the chest by an elbow over his back, and his bent-over body was kicked to the ground. However, his left arm, which had been struck by the impact of the fall, began to move instead of being in severe pain. His dislocated shoulder had been popped back in.

And then adding to the series of miracles, the axe that the man had dropped lay next to his left arm.

Todd: [Did you not think that he had escaped?]

Not letting go of his knife and having lost his axe, the man tilted his head as he looked at Idra.

Even though he had lost his weapon, he did not look disadvantaged in the slightest. That was a matter of course. The blood Idra had shed, and the blood that he was shedding, was ceaseless.

It was a miracle that he was alive, and too many miracles had already happened.

Henceforth, Idra shook his head at the man’s question.

Idra: [No, I thought he had escaped. But, I also hoped.]

Todd: [————]

Idra: [I hoped he wouldn’t leave me behind.]

A man who was just subservient and cowardly, who would easily get carried away, but was not a bad guy.

That it would be good as long as Hiain had not run away, Idra had foolishly and honestly believed that.

After all, people did not change so easily.

He had tried to deceive and use the people around him by making them think he was a warrior, a lie that had been exposed quite quickly.

He had to be honest, and he had to be widely trusted and relied on.

Even if they pointed and laughed at him for being a good person.

Idra Missanga would become neither a warrior nor a fraud.

Brandishing the axe with his left hand, while shedding blood, Idra shouted.

Idra: [I am Idra Missanga! The son of a miller!!]

Todd: [Never heard of him.]

Now, mustering up the strength he possessed to the fullest extent, Idra lunged at the man who wore an apathetic face.

——He was glad that, thanks to Schwartz, he had not become a liar on that day.

△▼△▼△▼△

Carried on a body that was running for its life, he had been taken from the jaws of death.

He was shaken violently, without concern for his wounds or safety, but that was only natural.

Subaru too was battered, but given the state of the other person’s body, this was not the time to be concerned about that.

Subaru: [Hi, a… Hia, in…]

Having been gripped around the waist painfully, Subaru dug his nails into the other person’s body. He was not even sure where he was clawing. The person he had clawed at already looked an utter mess.

It was not that they were all scraped up or anything, but the colors, the patterns, everything was all messed up.

As they mimicked every bit of the surrounding scenery nonstop, he could not even accurately gauge what was supposed to be correct. The figure, running on in such a state, abruptly lost their strength and fell forward.

Hiain: [Gahk!]

Of course, if they were to fall, Subaru would also follow suit.

Hurled in front of his collapsed companion, Subaru tumbled across the cold stone floor. Since he had been unable to catch his fall, it felt like the impact had broken his front tooth.

Without pause, he raised his oozing, aching face and looked back while sprawled on the ground.

And right there——,

Hiain: [Huu, huu…]

Literally barely breathing, Hiain lay collapsed on the ground.

Listlessly lying prone, Hiain had a large knife stuck deep in the middle of his back. Subaru had no idea when he had been stabbed.

Regardless of whether it had been when they were running away, or before that, or even prior to that, there was nothing he could do.

If Subaru were to die, he would come back to just before Idra’s head was smashed open.

Maybe it would be after it had already been smashed. ——No, he had jumped outside so that would not happen, so perhaps it would be before their fall, after their fall, or while they were in midair.

No matter how it was done, it was difficult for three people to fall in a way such that none of them would die, and, the first time they had succeeded, Todd had come.

Idra’s voice, and Hiain’s breathing, were so distant.

Before long, they would be in a place where nothing could reach them.

Hiain: [It’s… strange…]

Still collapsed, Hiain’s feeble voice made its way to Subaru’s ears as the latter tried to crawl to him.

The reason he sounded like he was talking while breaking the water’s surface with his head, was probably because his throat was rife with blood. He probably needed some kind of treatment, sort of like draining the blood, or something.

That was what he had to do. Even if he was not a doctor, he had to.

Hiain: [I once heard that… life’s like a… flower, ya pick the beautiful ones first…]

Subaru: [D-don’t talk… I’m coming now, right now…]

Hiain: [If that’s the case, it’s strange that someone with a fucked-up personality, like me’d die first… Ah.]

He crawled. He kept crawling.

So that he could pull Hiain up, who was drowning in his own blood on the ground.

And yet, he could not move his body forward, not even a little.

Hiain: [But…]

Since he could not keep going, he would not be able to get there.

Hiain: […It’ll be better, if I’m first, yeah?]

He was crawling slower than a turtle. Crawling too slow, with movements smaller than those of an ant.

He crawled and crawled, and by the time he finally got there, it was far too late.

Hiain’s color had returned to its original gray.

With a knife in his back, one arm broken, and blood running down his body, it would not have been strange if Hiain had succumbed on the way running here.

Maybe he had been running while dying. That must have been the case.

Everyone was already dead, with Subaru unable to help them.

Subaru had as good as killed them.

Since he had been unable to save everyone, it was as if he had killed them.

Subaru: [Guh!]

Was it blood, tears, or snot that was sullying his face?

He did not know which was which, what was what, who was who, what the answer was, anymore.

He just, he just, he just, he just, he just did not understand anything anymore.

???: [——Oh my, is that you, Basu, groaning there by any chance?]

Subaru: [————]

???: [Yeah, I knew it, Basu! Dear me, what an unexpected coincidence it is to meet you in a scene like this. Things’ve gotten quite lively, doesn’t it excite you?]

A lighthearted voice called out to Subaru, who lay there stunned, feeling like he had let go of everything.

He could not turn around to the place the voice had come from. Using all the strength in his body, he was going to pick himself up, somehow, and look the person who had uttered those stupid words in the eyes, and say somethi——.

???: [You don’t have to bother risking your life turning around.]

Subaru: [——Ah.]

???: [After all, this isn’t the place to overdo things, is it?]

And with that, they themselves circled around to Subaru’s front—— Cecilus looked into Subaru’s face as he spoke.

With the left half of his body scorched black, the Blue Lightning was smiling carefree.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Witch Cult Translations is recruiting! We’re currently looking for machine translators and Japanese to English checkers. If you’re interested in either of these roles, you can leave a reply in the comments below with your contact information, send a DM to @WCTranslations , or contact Ice#6557 on Discord.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

--- Chapter 75: I know ---

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

TL Note: The original title of this chapter is “I know” written in English.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

My utmost gratitude towards Archbishop, who has given indispensable assistance and support, without him, this translation would not have been possible.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――In that wretchedly hopeless scene, such a cheerful voice and smile were terribly out of place.

It was evident at first glance that his kimono was violently smoldering, and despite the left half of his face also having been scorched black, Cecilus’s attitude as he gazed at Subaru was the same as it had always been. That was far too abnormal.

It was not just him. ――Right now, those who remained alive upon this island, all of them were abnormal beings.

The people who were upright, all of them had certainly died already.

Cecilus right in front of him, Todd pursuing him, Arakiya on her killing spree, and Subaru, the great sinner.

Every single one of them, because they were not upright, but instead, shameless people, they had been able to survive like this.

That was why――,

Subaru: [Ce, ci…]

Cecilus: [From the looks of things, it seems like you’ve also had a considerably hard time. On that note, lizardman-san’s also died, and at this rate, the lil’ deergirl and your other friends from your Unit are all gonna be annihilated, won’t they?]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Cecilus: [Oh, is it possible you’ve yet to realize that he died?]

Through the tremors of the eyeballs of a trembling Subaru, Cecilus was reading through all of his heartfelt thoughts.

Right then, outrage surged forth. Despite seemingly reading Subaru’s heart like that, why was he completely unable to sympathize with Subaru’s current feelings?

Hiain had died; having been told that, just what would become of Subaru’s feelings. And, just why?

Just why, would he speak of that death so frivolously?

Cecilus: [He really died y’know, absolutely and irrevocably… Only, the face he died with wasn’t too bad.]

Subaru: [Even though, he, died… Hk.]

Cecilus: [Are you thinking it doesn’t matter whether it was good or bad? That seems to just be a difference in opinion, then. If they had a good way of living, then they’d also have a good way of dying. It’s rather tactless for us listeners to butt in with how we feel about it, so let’s stop with that. Lizardman-san had a good death. That face of his is proof of that, y’know.]

Subaru: [――――]

Cecilus: [It’s the face of having died after fulfilling one’s duty, I also want to go out like this.]

Subaru did not say a single thing to Cecilus, who incessantly spewed his nonsense.

He had not been cajoled by those words, rather, he thought them to be meaningless. He had not seen the visage Hiain had made upon his demise, so it was utterly unthinkable that he could comprehend Cecilus.

That was why, there was not even a fragment of a reason for Subaru to engage with his point.

Cecilus: [Well then, though we happened upon each other here and have been blathering on, in truth I’m actually quite busy right now. I’m in the middle of a fantastic showdown with the half-naked woman who’s been rampaging around the Island.]

Stretching his crooked back with a jerk, Cecilus continued to speak as he pleased.

The person who had been mentioned in conversation, Subaru knew it to be Arakiya without even needing to think.

Arakiya had commenced a massacre upon being told to do so by Todd. Todd’s lack of outstanding fighting strength had been his only good aspect, but that had disappeared once paired with her, making him an impeccable evil.

He imagined he would not lay eyes on her again after she had begun turning the gladiators’ heads into water balloons, but it seemed like the one who had been keeping her in check was Cecilus.

Even with the latter weakened, could it be that a Divine General was being suppressed by a fellow Divine General?

Cecilus: [But, as you can see I’m in the middle of getting cooked in a close fight. Well, I’m beat, I’m beat. Seems like she’s here, the person who can compete with me toe-to-toe, that is. Though I’d always thought that, without a doubt, the path to reach the Heavenly Sword was something that had to be climbed on one’s own.]

Subaru: […Why?]

Cecilus: [Pardon? What was that?]

Subaru: [Why, do you seem, like you’re enjoying this…?]

Quite literally, at the end of the agonizing struggle that had seemed to wring out his soul, the venting of his anger rushed forth from his mouth.

Indeed, it was just him venting his anger. In this hellish situation, on this island where Weitz, Tanza, Idra, and Hiain, and just about everyone had died, Cecilus’s smile was revolting.

Why was he smiling? In this situation, just what was so amusing?

Subaru: [Why…!?]

Cecilus: [Ah, you’ve got cause and effect backwards. I’m not smiling because it’s enjoyable, I’m smiling to make the situation of this play more enjoyable.]

Subaru: [――Ah?]

Cecilus: [In this cruel world, everyone’s in pursuit of their own ideal happiness. The myriads of different people in existence, the philosophies they each follow, that pursuit remains constant in all of them, but whoever it may be, they have to herald a faith that suits them. Thus, the faith I herald, is the reason behind this way of being.]

While he spoke, Cecilus touched his scorched left cheek with his right hand. Though his tattered and charred skin was peeling and flaking away, even in the midst of seemingly unimaginable pain, his smile did not deteriorate.

Without relying on any cheap tricks like not feeling pain, Cecilus kept on smiling.

Cecilus: [I’m the leading actor of this world! Therefore, I’m not going to adhere closely to the script, but instead the script will adhere closely to me. If you ask me why I smile, then that will be my response.]

Subaru: [――――]

Cecilus: [For whose sake do I laugh for, it’s for my own sake. ――May it be so that the Observers in the heavens above never feel any shame whenever they might look at me.]

Subaru: [――――]

Cecilus: [Well, Basu, what kinda faith do you herald?]

That was Cecilus’s philosophy for maintaining his smile while half of his body was smoldering.

That was something Subaru could not comprehend in the slightest, but as if something were making him hesitate to kick Cecilus for relying on his emotions, he had felt something akin to that peculiar faith.

Observers , Cecilus had once spoken of the same thing before.

That someone, or rather something, of an ethereal nature had been observing them, that seemed like what he had wanted to say.

Even in the situation they were in, he staunchly stuck to that recitation of his, so certainly nobody would be able to bend it.

That was why――,

Cecilus: [Would you look at that, seems the intermission’s over.]

As he said that, even when witnessing Arakiya’s figure descend, coming from the passage of the lower stratum, his smile did not vanish.

Surely nobody among the gladiators would have stood a chance against Arakiya, her whole body clad in flame. And yet, the wooden branch in her hand had snapped, and she had lost the eyepatch that concealed one of her eyes.

Loathing the fact that she was able to see with the eye under that eyepatch, Arakiya was concealing her left eye with her vacant hand, and her face, which had been emotionless in the past, was contorted, expressing utterly complex emotions.

Arakiya: [Cecilus…!]

Clenching her teeth as she glared at Cecilus, the woman’s pupils flickered with turmoil and ire.

Having sprouted from her back, wings of flame danced; the force of their blaze wavered as if in tandem with her emotions, immolating, continuing to permeate the passage with terrific heat.

The scent of burning was in the air, the woman proceeding to incinerate everything encompassing her surroundings.

The walls and floor of the passage, the candlesticks and doors, and even Hiain’s collapsed remains――.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Cecilus: [If we all burn to death here, together, would that be proper recompense for the face he died with? That was a pretty uncharacteristic thing for me to say. By all means, do as you wish, feel free to either stay or leave.]

Seeing bits and pieces of Hiain’s body catch fire, Subaru’s expression changed as Cecilus’s voice fell upon him. Firmly, Subaru put his arm to the floor, and little-by-little, tearing his body away from the ground as it began to heat up, he stood up.

His head was aching. His blood was lacking. His chest felt like it was overcome with feelings of powerlessness.

Even so, just why, was Subaru still standing? He would neither burn to death here, nor would he bite down on the “drug” placed behind his molar, just why?

Cecilus: [Then, ‘til we meet again in this life.]

The reason why he had started sprinting unbeknownst to him, Subaru turned his back on the flaming passage.

Running, limping, he was running at far too slow a pace.

Faster, if only he had been able to surpass this speed, would he not have been able to finish things without letting them, Idra and Hiain, Weitz and Tanza, die? And while he lamented such things.

Subaru, still continued to run away.

△▼△▼△▼△

Cecilus: [――Well now, Basu’s disappeared as well, huh.]

Arakiya: [――――]

Cecilus: [Dear me, seems like I’m hated an awful lot.]

Feeling the presence of that faltering sprint grow distant, batting one eye shut, Cecilus produced a wry smile.

The woman clad in flames cast him an intense glare; he understood that he himself was the target of her ire, yet he did not quite understand what the source of said ire was.

Only, he felt that it was neither his opposition, nor him interrupting her slaughter of the gladiators, that had originated that rage.

Perhaps, there were other reasons beyond that.

However――,

Cecilus: [In general, I do have the special skill of angering the people I come into contact with, but, as is usual in those situations… I don’t have the faintest clue why!]

Arakiya: [――Hk, for how long, will you keep joking around…!]

Cecilus: [Hmm, I’m joking around, huh. May I go as far as to ask what part exactly am I joking around about?]

Arakiya: [That! That… appearance, just what is it…!]

Those red eyes glaring at him, his appearance had been pointed out.

She had asked what was up with it, though it had been none other than her who had cooked him until he was seared on only one side.

Cecilus: [But that’s not what you mean, is it? Is it possible that maybe you and I happen to know each other?]

Arakiya: [Joking around…]

Cecilus: [I’m really not, but that being said, since I can’t provide any evidence for you to believe me, I can do nothing but insist and insist on it. However, I see, if I think about it that way it feels like many things make sense.]

While he spoke, Cecilus whirled around an extended finger of his right-hand, and nodded as he spun the eyepatch he had stolen from her in the midst of battle.

His memories up until the uproar on the Gladiator Island were terribly unclear. That it was in accordance with what Subaru had asked before, this was fact. That he had not paid much heed to it, was also fact. Nonetheless, just when he had thought that some of those were present, the woman before his eyes had made her entrance, her face looking as if she knew him.

If that woman were present within his vanished memories, he felt that was somewhat too good to be true. If she was capable of this much, he had expectations of what could happen.

On the path, to reach the Heavenly Sword――,

Arakiya: [Always like this… Nobody, no one will tell me anything…!]

Cecilus: [Oh?]

However, in front of Cecilus as he pondered over, as the woman’s voice trembled with frustration, powerful bitterness began mixing in with her turmoil and fury.

From red to blue, the flames upon her back shifted in hue. They had a graceful charm to them.

As that graceful transfiguration was brought about, the breaths she took seemed strained,

Arakiya: [The Princess, His Excellency as well, are both hiding… I was, always…]

Cecilus: [Are you having painful thoughts about having been left behind?]

Arakiya: [――Hk.]

As if that brief comment had somehow hit bullseye, her facial expression stiffened.

Witnessing those red eyes wavering as if a deep emotion had throbbed from the faded beyond, ultimately, even if said deep emotion had not throbbed, her relation to him was something he was unsure of.

Cecilus: [Well, it’d be strange for you to try killing me if we had a good relationship, so surely it was a rather harsh relationship. That lines up with this situation perfectly!]

Arakiya: [Cecilus…!]

Cecilus: [The audience will get bored from such long-winded dialogue. It’s about time we get this stage moving. Unfortunately, I won’t be able to give you any answers whatsoever, but a some small weight may be removed from your chest.]

Slowly concealing the aching half of his body, grasping the spinning eyepatch tightly, he came to face her.

Thereupon ending the conversation, his attitude was that of wishing for the conversation to not enter the realm of unnecessary words. Then the woman, after remaining silent for a while, slowly lowered her left hand.

Beyond that, was a red eye bereft of all light. Meeting its gaze with his own eyes, Cecilus produced a wry smile.

Cecilus: [Feel free to go all out. ――Every single time, you only cook your fried eggs on one side.]

Arakiya: [――Hk.]

Cecilus: [Eh? Did something slip out just now?]

Cecilus cocked his head, wondering about the words that had left his mouth as if by reflex.

Albeit, it seemed that had spurred her ire further.

Arakiya: [――――]

Furiously, the sprouting blue flames proceeded to incinerate the lower stratum of the island as they rose.

Devoid of the leisure to concern himself with his surroundings, as he plunged into the inferno, Cecilus himself became Blue Lightning.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Haaa, haaa…]

Feeling the heat of the inferno on his back, Subaru frantically fled from the lower stratum.

Fled, indeed, he was fleeing. Not resisting, nor struggling, but fleeing.

That it had been a strategic withdrawal, or a valiant escape in order to follow-up next time, he could not make those excuses.

After all, he had nothing at all to follow-up with beyond this point.

Everybody had died, there was no getting anyone back anymore.

Although Weitz and the others had staked their lives so he could escape, he was unable to do anything whatsoever.

Everything, and anything, his intention had been to succeed in both.

In reality, he had intended, by overcoming Sparka on two occasions, helping out the comrades of his Unit as well as Hiain’s comrades, to surmount every hardship.

It had been a terribly mistaken presumption.

To begin with, Subaru had died many times. Even if he died, as long as he had the chance to do everything over, it would turn out well; thus, it could no longer turn out well.

If he really were a capable person, he should have made everything turn out well, dying not even a single time.

Just as though he were that dreadful existence, just as though he were Todd Fang.

Without even possessing the Authority to start over through death, he had the capability to surmount every situation through his own power.

Lacking any outstanding fighting strength, he was identical to Subaru, so then why, why was Subaru unable to do the same things as Todd.

Since he could not do those things, Subaru, had ended up killing a great number of people――.

Subaru: [Damn it… Hk!]

Rushing out of the island’s lower stratum, just as he felt the open air, his vexation swelled unbearably. Bashing the outer wall he leaned against, Subaru cursed himself for his own weakness.

His small fist, his frail body, his non-functioning mind, his useless Authority. Were he to start enumerating the reasons for his defeat, what came to mind was unending.

Rather, just what did he, this shitty brat with scary eyes, possess――.

???: [――Hk.]

Subaru, ceasing his footsteps in regret and cursing himself, stifled a scream from his throat at the unexpected sound.

A sound at this place, his whole body trembled violently as he imagined the worst possible thing. Could Todd, who Idra had desperately tried to fend off, have caught up to him?

However――,

???: [Schwartz, sama…]

Subaru: [――Tanza?]

As the sound of the hoarse voice continued, Subaru received a shock, although it had not been one of dread.

Calling out to Subaru through feeble breaths, was the one who had been thrown out of the passage by Todd’s hand, whose safety he had been uncertain of thereafter, Tanza.

The girl’s entire body was drenched as it limped, and having discarded her kimono , she was dressed in her white juban . She was in a battered condition, with one of the two horns sprouting from her head having been broken off. [1]

But even so――,

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, thank goodness, you are alright…]

As her gentle eyes wavered with relief, Subaru felt an agonizing sensation stemming from the bottom of his heart.

Upon seeing the soaked girl, he understood that she had been thrown into the lake from the upper stratum. The lake was inhabited by aquatic, savage Witchbeasts, her fractured horn serving as proof that they should not be glossed over as anything trivial.

It was a figure one would expect to cling to an adult, crying out “It hurts, It’s painful, help me”.

And yet Tanza had found Subaru, letting out a “Thank goodness” with a content look.

This, Natsuki Subaru, who could not do anything at all, finding him――.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

And, it happened the moment he had that thought.

The strength in his legs sapping away, Subaru sank to the floor where he stood. The thread of tension snapped, the insides of his head, which had only been ranting and raving, swiftly grew silent.

That he had become relieved upon coming face-to-face with a living Tanza, was not what had happened.

Neither had he somehow gotten a sense of accomplishment by finding a breakthrough solution, nor had he shaken off his fear directed to Todd.

――Merely, he had run out of patience with himself.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama…!?]

Seeing Subaru fall to his knees, Tanza ran towards him, her expression a changed one.

The way she dashed was odd, perhaps she had sustained an injury to her leg. Looking closely, he could see that the sides of her drenched white juban were slowly being dyed red.

Despite having sustained a wound seemingly of awfully immense pain, she was still worrying about Subaru.

When he realized he could not live up to any of Tanza’s expectations, he lost all strength.

Resignation, had overwhelmed his inner heart.

Subaru: [――――]

It was neither pain, nor fear.

That which dealt despair to Natsuki Subaru, was not something as easy-to-understand as hardship.

He had been unable to meet the expectations, the wishes, placed upon him.

That, above everything else, was what brought Natsuki Subaru despair, a despair that had become deadly poison to him.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, compose yourself… The others, Idra-sama and Hiain-sama…]

Arriving at his side, Tanza touched Subaru’s shoulders as she fret over the two people not present.

She had not called out Weitz’s name. That was a matter-of-course. Tanza too, had witnessed Weitz be slain through her very eyes. Then, regarding the two people not present here as well, she had surely felt a bad premonition.

That premonition, was accurate to a hopeless extent.

Subaru: [The two of them… They died…]

Tanza: [――Hk.]

Subaru: [Both Idra, and Hiain, protected me…]

Everyone, had died. It was not just that he had not been able to save them, but they had saved him.

Weitz, Idra, and Hiain, all three of them had perished while protecting Subaru. That Tanza was close to death, was also because she had attempted to defend an immobile Subaru.

Everyone dying, was Subaru’s fault.

Everyone being killed, was also Subaru’s fault.

The horrible tragedy that had befallen the Gladiator Island, all of it had been Natsuki Subaru’s fault.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama… Let us leave this place. At once, we must hide somewhere.]

Subaru: [Even if we hide, it’s pointless… No matter what, we’ll be found immediately.]

Tanza: [Even so! Shall you do nothing at all, and wait like this until you are killed? Then for what purpose did everyone in our Unit lose their lives!?]

Subaru: [――――]

Shaking her head side-to-side, Tanza let out a frustrated cry directed at Subaru, still unmoving.

Her tearful appeal, however, far from kindling Subaru’s heart, only brought about a cold understanding.

Indeed, Subaru, for whose safety the three had staked their lives, was utterly, completely useless.

In other words, he had let the three of them die in vain. Because, all of them had tried to protect Subaru.

He had not been capable of living up to their expectations. Even though he had gone as far as having lied to them, deceived them.

It would have been better had they not believed that lie. Had he been unable to deceive them to the end of the end, or had there been no gain for Subaru in telling that lie, if they had not believed such a lie.

Had that been the case, then the three of them would have not tried to die in Subaru’s stead.

It had not been for the Emperor’s child’s sake, nor for Natsuki Schwartz’s, but for Natsuki Subaru’s; that, they would never come to know.

And now that he thought about it, there was another person whom he had deceived with the same lie.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama! If you collapse here――]

Subaru: […Everything, all of it was a lie, Tanza.]

Tanza: [――――]

Subaru: [Me being the illegitimate child of the Emperor, that’s a downright lie. I’m the child of a praiseworthy, incredible and cool dad… but, I’m nothing of the sort of a child of the Emperor.]

Casting his gaze down, Subaru willingly confessed that he had carelessly tried to rely on that lie and their false expectations.

If only he had done this sooner―― no, he should not have told such a lie to begin with.

Tanza: [――――]

As her already-round eyes widened further, Tanza was rendered speechless due to Subaru’s admission.

That was natural. Given the situation, to think he would tell a lie made Subaru himself want to curse his own self. Having been deceived, it would not be strange in the slightest for the girl to surrender herself to anger.

Rather, even if he were to be killed by Tanza’s hand, that was something unavoidable.

The same went for everyone else as well.

The chance to exact rightful punishment on the deceitful Subaru, had been lost by those he had deceived.

So, even if Tanza were to do that.

Tanza: […Schwartz-sama.]

Subaru: [――――]

Tanza: [Quickly, let us move from here. I shall carry you upon my back.]

Subaru: [Huh…]

Subaru, who had shut his eyes in preparation for the fact that whatever came out of her mouth would be only natural, lifted his head upon hearing Tanza’s words.

Pursing her thin lips, Tanza tried to pull on Subaru’s arm. Earnestly, she attempted to take Subaru upon her back and get out of this place; a “Wait” leaked out through his voice at that development.

He had conveyed everything, every single thing. He had said it had been a lie.

Subaru: [You didn’t hear me, did you… I’m…!]

Tanza: [Not the illegitimate child of His Excellency the Emperor, I heard you. We will address that later…]

Subaru: [It’ll be just as shit later, won’t it!? I’m unrelated to the Emperor! And as such, right now, something like a reason to save me is…]

Nonexistent. For pretending that something that did not exist, actually did, had been Subaru’s sin.

That was the very thing that had taken the lives of those three away――.

Tanza: [――Schwartz-sama, is that truly what you believe?]

Having shaken off the small hands touching his shoulders, Subaru ceased his movement.

In front of him, Tanza, crouching, was looking straight into Subaru’s eyes with intent. Unable to take his eyes off of hers, he struggled in understanding the meaning of the words she had stated towards him.

Regardless of what she thought, everything, all of it was just as he had said.

Tanza: [Weitz-sama, Idra-sama, Hiain-sama, the reason everyone put their lives on the line to protect you, Schwartz-sama, was all because of the falsehood you spoke, do you truly believe that?]

Subaru: [A-after all… After all, I said I was the Emperor’s child.]

Tanza: [Myself and everyone else, all of us believed it. Nevertheless, those three… Those people, a scaredy-cat, a coward, and a liar, do you think they would wager their lives out of loyalty and patriotism to the Empire?]

If Subaru were the illegitimate child of the Emperor, he would be known as an Imperial Prince.

That was why, for those three, as people of the Empire, it would have been only natural for them to try to protect Subaru. But, once again, he slowly digested Tanza’s words, pondered them over.

As a scaredy-cat, Hiain had tried to run away so he could save himself.

As a coward, Weitz had struggled to survive by outmaneuvering those around him.

As a liar, Idra had tried to make himself look bigger so as to be able to control everyone.

Not one of them felt like someone he would get along with. Assuredly, the three of them had held similar feelings.

Despite that, in the end those three had staked their lives, standing to defend Subaru. Protected him. Allowed him to escape.

Why had it been so? Because the three of them had believed Subaru to be the illegitimate child of the Emperor.

Though, it was possible. ――It was possible, that if that had not been the case.

Subaru: [Just, why…?]

Tanza: [It is because, Schwartz-sama, you actually got close to those three.]

Subaru: [――――]

Tanza: [You engaged in actual conversations with them, answered them, and attempted to actually come to an understanding with them… By doing that, Schwartz-sama, you became close to everyone.]

His understanding lacking, as Subaru voiced that question, Tanza spoke as she looked into his eyes.

What had Subaru done? Why had those three tried to save Subaru? She was trying to inform him as to the answer.

Even so, Subaru did not comprehend the meaning of what Tanza was saying.

After all――,

Subaru: [That kind of thing, it’s natural. I haven’t done anything even remotely special.]

Conversing with the companions he had been cooperating with, and coming to understand them, had been only natural to him.

Things that he was unable to do certainly existed. Things that he wanted to do, but could not. But, doing something so natural with everybody, getting close to them, that was not such an extraordinary thing.

Tanza: [Personally, I understand how they all felt. I too, was once rescued by Yorna-sama. I was able to grow close to her. Without a doubt, it was the same for those three, with how they felt about you.]

Subaru: [――――]

Tanza: [Nonetheless, there was meaning in them staking their lives on just that… There are times when one is made to feel so.]

Unfair, those words had been unfair.

Had she only had her experience with Subaru, it would be impossible for Tanza to say such a thing to his face. But, Tanza spoke of her own experience on what she had received from Yorna.

Yorna Mishigure, the Demon City’s Mistress, a city where many tribes lived―― as far as Subaru knew, she was the kindest woman in the Empire.

Putting him on the same level as Yorna, what an absurd proposition. Even disrespect had its limits.

Tanza had appraised Subaru far too highly.

However――,

Subaru: [――――]

However, for those three, for Hiain and Weitz and Idra, just how had it been?

In all likelihood, Subaru knew more about those three than they had thought.

Hiain’s self-hatred, Weitz’s false accusations, Idra’s downfall, he knew about all of those.

He knew that, having gone through tough times, having gone through miserable times, having been unable to rely on anyone, they had all been sent to this island.

He had not given much thought to that. Because, surely, all three would have also had their chances.

And despite him having thought that they would die here, to think that that would be their end.

Subaru: [I wanted to save, everyone.]

Tanza: [You have saved them. To the extent that they would stake their lives in order to protect you, Schwartz-sama.]

Subaru: [No, you’re wrong. It’s not like that…]

By some chance, perhaps it was just as Tanza said.

By some possibility, more than Subaru had believed, those three had perhaps thought of Subaru as their comrade.

Subaru had possibly, by some chance, saved the hearts of those three.

But, just their hearts, was not enough.

It would be unthinkable for him to merely save their hearts and leave it at that. What he wanted to save, was everything.

Subaru wished, for those who had kindly taken his side, for those who had treated him well, for everyone, to have their hearts and bodies alike be saved by his own self.

Were he unable to do so, then, he would be no son of Natsuki Keni―― No.

Subaru: [――I, hate it.]

With him hopelessly bawling out, with everything in his surroundings dying out, this world was ending.

Before he knew it, the Gladiator Island had been engulfed in black smoke, burning in spite of being an island floating atop a lake, burning, its tongues of flame spreading, bringing the lives carried within it to an end.

Subaru: [I won’t…]

Permit anything of the sort. I don’t want to allow anything of the sort. I don’t want my knees to buckle because of an end like this, unable to save everyone.

I can’t accept an ending like this, with everyone sacrificing their lives.

I cannot accept it. Therefore――,

Subaru: [――I, don’t want, to lose to you.]

???: [I don’t really care about stuff like winning or losing, though.]

From behind the ascending black smoke, tapping his shoulder with the axe in his hand, the man responded as he tilted his head.

△▼△▼△▼△

For but a moment, Subaru had mistaken the man, who had made his appearance with relaxation as he carried a bloodstained axe on his shoulder, for someone else.

Missing his trademark bandana, his orange hair hanging down, he lent a vastly different impression from the man Subaru was acquainted with.

However, that pair of eyes―― those green irises, the malice there-in unable to be fully concealed, could not quite falsify his identity.

Subaru: [Todd…]

Todd: [You sure have the devil’s luck. Even though I was chasing you, it took some time to catch up to you since the passage was on fire. I told Arakiya to put her water to use, but…]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [Somehow, it seems like Arakiya’s got her hands full. She’s useless at the times that are actually important.]

Saying that with bluntness and annoyance, Todd, partly due to his lowered hair, had no hint of positivity. The fabricated aura of a friendly young man from their first meeting had evaporated, and what was present now was only a chilly thirst for violence.

Perhaps even that violence was also a misunderstanding on Subaru’s part, and was possibly another fabrication.

He was a man who would tell only the needed lies if push came to shove, utilizing those around him, a fabrication as was typical of Todd――,

Tanza: [Please, refrain from coming any closer than that…]

Glowering at Todd as he tried to take a step forward, Tanza picked up a nearby rock.

With the arm strength Tanza possessed, power unthinkable for a child, then even an ordinary stone would be enough as a lethal weapon when thrown. In the case Todd was the opponent however, Subaru did not feel like a rock would have any usefulness beyond being a rock.

And in fact, Todd was no coward, instead narrowing his eyes,

Todd: [Even though you fell in the lake, you’re quite stubborn, little miss. Are you the same as that lot from earlier?]

Tanza: […If you are referring to everyone from the Unit…]

Todd: [That’s a troublesome look in your eyes. I also don’t intend on underestimating just how dangerous that desperation is. If I did, it’d be troublesome, as we’d render each other unable to move.]

As he stated that, Todd ran his hand through his own hair. Transmitted from that gesture, was that the removal of his bandana had been an achievement left behind by Idra.

It was not that he had been able to defeat Todd, nor was it that he had injured Todd, even, it was just that he had snatched Todd’s bandana away.

And that notwithstanding, because Idra had carried out a single retaliation, Todd was exercising caution towards Subaru and Tanza.

Tanza: [What… Just what is it exactly that you desire?]

Todd: [――? I just want to go home to my fiancée, though?]

Having brought his legs to a halt, that was Todd’s reply to Tanza’s question.

Devoid of any apparent hint of jest or sarcasm, Todd vocalized his desire plainly. He just wanted to go home, that was the sole thing he desired. That was what Todd had declared.

Perhaps, then, that had not been a lie of any sort.

Tanza: [――Hk.]

Subaru: [Tanza, you don’t need to speak to him anymore. The one to speak to him, will be me.]

Pulling Tanza back, who had cast Todd a stern look, Subaru silently trained his gaze on him.

With the pair of tattered children before him, Todd shrugged his shoulders.

Todd: [I’ve got nothing to talk about, boy.]

Subaru: [I’ll keep you company as you look for an opening. Or could it be that you’re scared of a kid who’s this close to death?]

Todd: [Sure is scary. A brat still trying to provoke me despite the situation, being scared is unavoidable.]

Not letting himself be provoked in the slightest, nor relaxing even a shred of his vigilance, he would not cut corners even if his opponent was a child.

In truth, against an opponent troublesome to no end, he thought it only natural to be driven to a corner like this. Though, he also considered something else. Todd was someone who cautiously used his wits and did not overestimate his own ability, such a way of doing things was――.

Subaru: [You’re someone who tries to manage everything all on your own.]

Todd: [――. It’s impossible to do everything. I know the extent of my own ability.]

Subaru: [Although you came alongside Arakiya as comrades, you really don’t trust her in the slightest.]

He could not feel any consideration towards Arakiya in Todd’s attitude.

Not because he was not confident in Arakiya’s strength, nor because he believed there was no way she would lose, but rather because, regardless of her strength or weakness, Todd simply did not care about Arakiya.

And that was unrestricted to just Arakiya. That way of thought applied to everything in Todd’s vicinity.

That was why, his thoughts, his actions, his ideals, all were fulfilled entirely by his own self.

Subaru: [I don’t want to lose to a guy of that sort.]

Todd: [It’s not about winning or losing. I don’t particularly mind. It’s fine if you win, as long as you die.]

Subaru: [My defeat, won’t just be my defeat. It’ll be Tanza’s, Hiain’s, Weitz’s, Idra’s, everyone in the Unit’s defeat.]

That, was absolutely loathsome.

All together, Subaru and the others had fought, they had resisted, and they headed towards victory. As a Unit.

That was why, they would win. ――With everyone, he would go and win.

Subaru: [――――]

Kneeling, his body close to death, Subaru put a hand to his own chest.

Though Todd scowled at those words, he did not heedlessly shift his vigilance away from Tanza. Naturally, were Subaru to attempt any discernible action, Todd would surely move to impede him.

Though, as Subaru remained kneeling on the spot, he did not move. He would not move.

Subaru: [Todd.]

And, he had no need to move. ――There was just one thing, he had to say.

Subaru: [――I can… Return by Death.]

Powering through his slight hesitation, Subaru spoke so.

Prepared for what could happen should he say that, with his hand still upon his own chest, Subaru clearly spoke those words.

And then――,

Todd: […What?]

After an instant of nothing, because of Subaru’s words, Todd wrinkled his brow, creating deep creases.

Unable to grasp the meaning of those words, Tanza returned signs of doubt all the same. From the reaction of those two, and from the lack of pain hailing from his chest, Subaru discerned the origin of the discrepancy.

Although his body had shrunk, he could not forget those memories of agony.

Were he to speak of that, a disaster should, without fail, befall Subaru. Unbearable pain would be bestowed upon him as punishment for breaking the Taboo, by the black shadows that governed the world of stopped time.

That did not arrive. For what reason? ――The Witch had lost sight of Subaru.

At the tower of the Crimson Lapis Castle, during the Sparka on the Gladiator Island, during the massacre triggered by Todd―― a discrepancy had accompanied the spirals of Death that had occurred at every single one of those scenes.

Instinctively, unconsciously, Subaru had understood that.

Akin to how a bird would not forget how to fly. Akin to how a fish would not forget how to swim.

Natsuki Subaru, would not forget how to use his own Authority.

Was being sent to the Vollachian Empire the reason? Was the onwards march of Infantilization the reason?

Before this, way before this, he could have noticed it.

Even during Sparka, even while the massacre was ongoing, the moment the unleashed Gladiator Beasts―― the Witchbeasts, did not rush towards Subaru, it was made certain that he had been parted from the Witch’s hands.

Henceforth, he shouted.

Subaru: [I can Return by Death!]

Todd: [――Hk, you…]

Subaru: [I… can Return by Death! Return by Death! You understand? Return by Death!]

――Return by Death, was something he must not reveal to anyone.

Because accompanying it was a penalty of unbearable pain, and beyond that, there was a possibility that it could directly lead to despair akin to one’s heart cracking.

To sow the life of those listening by abusing that mechanism, he did not expect anything of the sort.

He did not stop it from reaching Tanza’s ears either. He even bestowed Todd with information he did not want him to hear.

However, the one he truly wanted to hear it was not Todd, nor was it anyone else on the Island.

Subaru: [――I… can Return By Death!]

Raising his eyes to the heavens, Subaru projected his voice towards the same overcast skies black smoke was ascending to.

With his body in tatters, the reverberation of his loud voice brought pain to his viscera. He was near death. Nevertheless, Subaru’s resolve was settled, for the pain he wished for was nothing of this sort.

May it be so the Observers did not feel shame, those were the rambling words left behind by Cecilus.

It was unlikely that Subaru and Cecilus had been envisioning the same thing. In the first place, there was a high probability that it had merely been one of Cecilus’s thoughtless remarks. Yet, those thoughtless remarks had aided him in realizing.

Similar to the Observers Cecilus was aware of, there was something that was supposedly observing Subaru.

That existence which was supposedly observing Subaru, were it watching over Subaru even now, without parting from him, then these loops bereft of hope, bereft of Love, would not come to pass.

Subaru: [――I can Return By Death!]

I’m right here. Come find me.

I know that it’s selfish. But, I want to save everyone.

With my, with Natsuki Subaru’s Authority and nothing more, it just isn’t enough.

That’s why――,

Subaru: […Come find me, Satella.]

???: [――I love you.]

It happened the moment that name was called out.

Subaru: [――――]

The world abruptly lost color. The loud throbbing that resounded, the ringing in his ears vanished into the distance.

He was incapable of moving his limbs. His tongue became parched and numb. He became unable to both move his eyes and breathe. The force restraining his free will, the threat slowly disrupting the beating of heart, all of that had been, because.

――Donning a dress weaved from jet-black shadows, the Witch he yearned for appeared before his eyes.

???: [I love you.]

As she spoke so, the Witch’s magic hands of black stretched out towards him.

Caressing Subaru’s cheek, tenderly cherishing him as she slid down the back of his neck, tracing his collarbone down towards his solar plexus, to then finally arrive at the place she sought.

???: [I love you. I love you. I love you.]

While she whispered the love his ears had grown accustomed to, her fingers phased through Subaru’s, through that child’s chest, then finally wrapping themselves around the organ where the facilities of life were contained with gentleness.

???: [I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.]

Subaru had somehow managed to do it, that much was certain.

The countless whispers imbued with the power in the word “love”, the fingertips wrapping his heart which seemed to run contrary to that, the ensuing pain that lasted seemingly until the end of this world, he had longed for all of it.

Therefore――,

???: [I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.]

――Even if this repulsive world was fully permeated by the power in those words, Natsuki Subaru would not be broken.

△▼△▼△▼△

As the world regained its color, as his once-vanished tinnitus returned, as the sensation in his limbs and the numbness of his tongue both faded, as he took gruff breaths, the flow of time for everything outside of Subaru was set in motion.

Subaru: [Guh…]

With that, it seemed both Todd and Tanza did not understand what Subaru had meant, the latter with a strong clutch on his chest as he groaned.

Nevertheless, the subsequent change ought to have been noticed by the two of them right away.

Todd: [What…!?]

Eyes sharpened, his expression stiffening in terror, Todd shifted his focus to his surroundings.

The cause of that was not something visible to the eye, but an approaching, audible report―― in more detail, roars. The Witchbeasts still remaining upon the Gladiator Island were howling in unison, as though they had arranged this beforehand.

Furthermore, having been stimulated by an unordinary trigger, the aura was of such menace that it seemed as if they had lost their senses.

Todd: [――Hk.]

That instant, casting his mind back to the sense of crisis, Todd immediately detected Subaru as the cause.

It seemed that even Todd himself did not know the meaning of that “Return by Death” Subaru had shouted out. But he had no necessity to comprehend it; so casting that aside, he put his intent to kill into practice on the spot.

While remaining vigilant of Tanza’s counterattack, Todd’s body ferociously charged towards Subaru.

Opposing Todd, Tanza hurled the stone in her hand at great velocity. The stone flew true, rocketing towards the very center of Todd’s being.

And yet――,

Todd: [Shit…!]

Letting out a minute grunt, Todd gnawed his molars at the pain originating from his left arm, which had been struck by the stone.

Unable to allow him to dodge, Tanza had set her aim to the largest possible target, his torso. Catching wind of that, Todd had sacrificed his left arm, and thus minimized the damage he had suffered.

Following that, Todd brandished the axe with his right arm, and tried to cut Tanza’s petite form down.

However, Subaru would not permit such a thing.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama!?]

Her shoulders sent flying due to a thrust from behind, Tanza called that out as she fell on her side.

The one to send her flying had been Subaru, who she had been protecting with that small back of hers just before. Tanza had vanished from the range of the axe’s downswing, but Subaru had entered it in her stead.

For but an instant, Todd’s pupils constricted, however, the momentum of his axe did not cease, his swing being brought to completion.

The blade drew near without haste, it would send Subaru’s head flying―― it happened then.

Todd: [――HK!?]

A firm sound and a weighty impact gave rise to a hollow echo, and Todd’s body flailed around in midair.

Todd, having been blown away, now on his back upon the floor, promptly got back up. And yet, droplets of blood dripped from the grand gash now on his mouth, whereas his knees really seemed to be on the verge of buckling.

Todd: [Guoh… Just now, that…!]

Unsure of what had just occurred, Todd’s eyes darted about.

Thrusting his finger towards that Todd, Subaru――,

Subaru: [――Invisible Providence.]

What the meaning behind that punch to his defenseless jaw was, Subaru politely explained it to him.

Subaru: [Next, I’ll blow your head off.]

Todd: [――――]

Having withdrawn his thrust-out finger, Subaru now erected his middle finger and asserted such.

Perhaps because his jaw was broken, his hemorrhage did not cease; while spitting out blood, Todd suddenly squinted his eyes. With that, he would begin his retaliation over that broken jaw, or so they had thought――,

Todd: [――――]

While quietly training his gaze on Subaru, Todd slowly retreated into the background. His legs backing up to enter the ascending black smoke, without any faltering, he vanished into the fumes.

As soon as he noticed that the situation had become unfavorable to him, discarding just about all of his reluctance, he had chosen to escape.

Subaru: [Well, I thought… he’d do that, but…]

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama!]

Seeing Todd’s disappearance with her own eyes, Tanza rushed over to Subaru, her facial expression altered. Before he could take Tanza’s hand, Subaru slipped and tumbled down right where he was.

He had already been on the verge of death, even before reaching this place. Most likely, at the time he had descended alongside Idra and Hiain, he had sustained serious wounds of having multiple bones broken.

The Authority of Sloth, which he had not utilized for a long time, was providing a strong stimulus to Subaru’s brain as per usual; blood was trickling out his nose, and yet he was incapable of staunching it.

Though in any case, even if he could staunch it, it would not make much of a difference.

Todd’s axe had pulverized Subaru’s right shoulder with its final blow, and was currently lodged there.

The fact he had not inadvertently lost consciousness, was proof that Subaru’s life had already drifted away, so much so that pain or anything else were already irrelevant.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, Schwartz-sama…!]

Clinging on to a sobbing Tanza, Subaru’s innermost feelings were entirely those of guilt.

With this small body, with earnestness, Subaru nestled closer to her, to the girl who had desperately tried to keep him alive, to whom he must leave something behind.

Only――,

Subaru: [Take, this…]

Tanza: [――Hk, the curse tool?]

From his pocket, he retrieved the black orb, and entrusted it to Tanza’s hand.

It was not that he’d had some sort of idea. He thought he should at least leave something behind to Tanza, even if he would soon perish.

Subaru: [Ceci, is… over, there, with Arakiya…]

Tanza: [U-understood…! I understand, since I, understand…]

Subaru: [Todd is, already… You don’t… need… to worry.]

As far as Todd’s personality went, Subaru could not imagine that the former would consider challenging him once more after having had an experience that painful. That was a detestable aspect of that man, and yet, simultaneously it was a belief that he could trust on, and make use of.

Like that, whilst enduring tears, Tanza touched Subaru, who was frantically stringing words together.

Until the end of the end, for the sake of Subaru, who was worrying about her, she felt she had to do something, desperately so.

Though, that was wrong.

That order of things, was completely backwards.

Tanza had treated him kindly just before. She had remedied just about all of Subaru’s thoughts.

That Natsuki Subaru was, until the end of the end, someone better off not giving up; she had aided him in remembering so.

Thanks to that, once more, was he still able to fight.

That was why――,

Subaru: [――Next, time.]

Indeed, at a Subaru softly vocalizing his resolve, Tanza widened her eyes.

Still, for the girl, that must have sounded like a final show of obstinacy from a Subaru about to pass away.

As tears accumulated in her eyes, firmly enduring those emotions, Tanza’s small hand, her slender fingers, gently wrapped around Subaru’s minutely trembling hand.

And then――,

Tanza: [Yes, that is correct, Schwartz-sama. Next time, without a doubt, we will not lose.]

Taking care as to not disgrace Subaru’s final wish, while crying, Tanza uttered that.

Aligned with each other, they did not become. Even so, they were aligned in their desire to save one another.

That was sufficient.

With that sufficient desire, while bearing the feelings of this moment――,

Subaru: [――I will…]

――Save everyone.

With that resolve in his final moment, the life of Natsuki Subaru burned to ashes――.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Dark, dark, a world of utmost darkness.

Nothing but darkness existed in this space where light could not flow in, this ultimately distant land a place neither prayers nor wishes could reach.

Always did that place gnaw at his heart, imposing a feeling of helplessness, bringing about grief and sorrow; a cursed land untrodden by any being.

However, this time, this very moment, did his thoughts wish, anticipate this arrival.

Subaru: [――――]

The darkness he could not stand a chance against by his lonesome, was engulfing everything, taking away everything.

Even if he was being tortured by that feeling of helplessness, abandoning everything in his vicinity, even himself, the feeling of defeat that originated from being unable to do anything anymore had scorched his body.

???: [――I love you.]

Subaru: [――It may not be everything. But, I know.]

The things he could accomplish by his lonesome, were not that numerous.

He was not a human being ambitious to such an extreme extent. That was why, he could also make mistakes, and why his resolve too could bend.

Even so――,

???: [――I love you.]

Subaru: [I know that as well, I really do. ――I know.]

Having parted ways, it was something he knew at last.

Simultaneously, he became unsure on how he should retain the emotions he’d had up to this point.

Still, as he had indeed been thinking that he wanted to know.

The most important thing, he knew it, he really did.

Subaru: [Thank you. ――I’ll be heading off now.]

To that place, to that land of isolating waters, where all life had been wiped out―― for the sake of losing no longer, for the sake of not allowing those he held dear be trampled upon, once more, Natsuki Subaru would rise.

――Once more, he would rise.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

TL Note: In Volume 31 of the Light Novel, there is an extra section added in between the preceding and following sections. It provides some context regarding the situation. Read it here .

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

△▼△▼△▼△

――Through his buttocks, he felt the Galewind Horse-pulled carriage shake with a rattle.

It had not been too comfortable of a journey.

It was not about how comfortable the ride had been, but rather about how comfortable he had been. In regards to the former, it was likely that this was a rare privilege, even within the Empire. He did not feel overly grateful about that.

As to why he felt so uncomfortable in such a luxurious carriage, was due to the scarcity of windows, and to the fact he was not in control of the reins. Naturally, both left some margin for one to be targeted in exchange, so whichever was preferred varied from person-to-person.

Quite simply, it was just that he hated his response being delayed because he had left things to others.

The horse-led carriage itself had been made quite solid through the protection of earth magic, and when it came to being vigilant towards their surroundings, it was being handled by someone who possessed considerably greater senses than he did.

Man: [It sure does leave nothing to be desired. Apart from it being a journey I hadn’t wished for.]

As expected from the customs of a country that esteemed the strong, the extravagant praise the Generals received was quite an extreme thing.

In other words, considering he was being treated like this, he could even say that it seemed that he had been placed amongst the powerful, but in his true opinion, that in itself was a bothersome kindness.

His personal opinion was that, as long as he was not precisely the summit of the world, he would lose far more than he would gain by being thought of as strong. Being thought of as weak was much, much easier.

It was from this reason, that the discomfort from this treatment had become the logical conclusion.

???: [――Are you bored?]

Suddenly, his closed eyes slowly opened, the voice that had come from atop the roof as a culprit.

The owner of the voice he was hearing was located there; the interior of the coach was empty, himself excluded. The lack of people was rather splendid, as it would be suffocating for him if others were present, but his companion was intolerable, someone unbefitting of being a civilized person.

That notwithstanding, they were not someone who ought to do the talking themselves. He would rather have someone else take charge of both her education and her discipline.

He did not have much intention of engaging with her for long, either. Though she seemed to be empathetic in regards to his intentions to exact revenge, it would be better for him if he made up a story and chose someone at random as his enemy.

???: [Are you listening?]

Man: [I heard you. I was just thinking about something. What about you, do you remember your instructions properly?]

???: [Even I can remember that much.]

Unthinkable , was what he wanted to say, but there was room for doubt as to whether it was something he could believe.

In the first place, he had never heard of a General that delegated full control of their plans to a subordinate, who himself was no more than a Private First-Class, only because they were not very good at thinking. He had been told to stop speaking politely, and he had responded exactly in tandem with her wishes, but what was on her mind was wholly unknown.

Perhaps she had taken to him. If he thought of her as a female version of Jamal, there did not seem to be much of a difference.

Although it seemed more difficult to find a place to abandon her in, than it had been to do so for Jamal, which was bothersome.

???: [The Island, I see it. Are you prepared?]

Man: [As long as I don’t lose the Prime Minister’s letter, all that’s left is to get the Governor-sama we heard about to follow the orders. There’s no need to get in a fight with anyone, it’s an easy job, you know.]

Atop the roof, Arakiya listened as she looked at the coach’s destination, on the other side of the drawbridge it was crossing over.

As he answered, he ascertained the feeling of the letter within his pocket. Indeed, their role was something akin to messengers; as long as they got him to follow the directives, it would be fine.

However, if ordinary messengers really would have been sufficient, there was no reason to bother with sending Arakiya.

That was the sole thing that bothered him.

Man: [It should be an easy job, kinda.]

Arakiya: […The objective is the annihilation of the Island. Is it possible?]

Man: [Provided the Governor agrees to activate the curse rule obediently.]

Governor Gustav Morello, the manager of the Gladiator Island, the place where their goal lay, had imposed an absolute regulation called the “curse rule” for the sake of ruling over the gladiators assembled on the Island.

The curse rule was invoked when someone who had been engraved with the curse mark from Gustav violated the rules. That life would then be taken without any room for argument. It truly was a convenient thing.

A curse tool created by one of the Nine Divine Generals, the Master of Curse Tools, was serving as the trigger for the curse rule, and the conditions to invoke it were plain and simple――,

Man: [――At a fixed distance, those who go too far from the curse tool will die.]

Arakiya: […Any concerns about the people of the Island?]

Man: [The safe zone seems to be roughly the whole area of the Island. At any rate, even if they try to slip away covertly, they’ll die if their curse mark hasn’t been removed. It can prevent their escape even if they get frightened into crossing the drawbridge. That ability to restrain them is enough to keep them inside.]

In truth, if they were to let one gladiator die as an example of the curse rule’s effect, then probably, nobody would try and do the same to double-check it. No fools that reckless existed.

It was a curse activated without taking the trouble to look the recipient in the eye, or pressure them in any way. On top of the Island’s special characteristic, he honestly admired how that restraining device was thoroughly drilled into them.

However, were they to realize that the curse rule could not be utilized freely, it would rouse an uprising right away.

Man: [Well, I intend on annihilating them when that time comes, so it’ll be fine to just throw the curse tool into the lake.]

The water surrounding the Gladiator Island was quite deep. Were it not for the large drawbridge, its coast would be unreachable, much like an island amidst isolating waters, but the distance to the bottom of the lake was even deeper.

If the curse tool were to be thrown into the lake, by the time it reached the bottom, they would be in the range of activation of the curse rule.

In the worst-case-scenario, that of the Governor not cooperating, throwing the retrieved curse tool into the lake would also enter the realm of possibility.

Man: [It’s essential to prepare for the absolute worst. The hiding place of the curse tool included.]

For one to untactfully hold pride in their work, it would trouble him should that be a cause for difficulty.

It would be best for him to cooperate in slaughtering all the gladiators, obediently, being reasonable without incident. He wanted to return home as soon as possible, after finishing their task like that, and thus fulfilling the objective of their journey.

Man: [Katya…]

Because they had been separated for so long, their short reunion had strengthened his attachment.

It was a cruel action, one akin to spilling a single drop of water into his parched, water-craving throat. He wished to ingest water until his stomach burst. That could perhaps be called a natural emotion for a human being, he thought.

Even if it made it just one second faster, he would finish his task, and return to the Imperial Capital. If it were for that purpose――,

Man: [――I’m completely fine with any sacrifices.]

Indeed, that was when one of the switches within himself flipped towards violence.

Arakiya: [――Todd, something’s strange.]

Called out by his name, the man―― Todd, lifted his head with a “What?”.

Her tone lacked seriousness, but that was the kind of manner she conducted herself with more often than not. Nonetheless, having ascended to the rank of Divine General, her true abilities were nothing to be made light of, and it was also true that a normal person would not be able to guess them.

That which she had pointed out, was their objective, the Gladiator Island, which they were steadily approaching―― they were already nearing halfway through the drawbridge, at a place between the two shores where the coach would cross over to the island half of the bridge. Having been called out precisely just before they entered their opponent’s lair, a bad premonition overcame him.

And then――,

Todd: [――Stop!]

???: [Huh?]

Todd: [Right now! Stop! Turn back!]

The instant he looked closely at the path outside the window, Todd yelled that out, bewildering the soldier on the driver’s seat.

Clicking his tongue at the slowness of that reaction, Todd immediately climbed onto the driver’s seat, snatched the reins away from the soldier, stopped the carriage, and whipped the Galewind Horse to make it turn around post-haste.

After that, he ignored the befuddled coachman and looked back toward the roof,

Todd: [Arakiya, keep an eye on the Island, be alert! If there’s movement, fire at will.]

Arakiya: [――. Understood.]

Coachman: [Come on now, our responsibility as emissaries from the Prime Minister is…]

Todd: [――――]

Coachman: [Ah, uh…]

Arakiya obeyed without complaint, the coachman voiced his sense of duty. Disregarding the former, and glaring at the nearby latter, who had a poor understanding of things, Todd quietly narrowed his eyes.

At that gaze of Todd’s, the coachman, his spirit withering away, choked on his words and shut his mouth.

That was the right choice. Were he to try to persist on the issue, he would have been pushed off into the lake.

It would be better if they were saved the trouble of not losing their coachman for their return, and that that had happened had been Arakiya’s achievement, who had noticed something abnormal before they finished crossing the drawbridge. ――Seemingly, the situation had already changed.

Arakiya: [Todd.]

Todd: [It seems Prime Minister Berstetz’s concerns were valid.]

With that as his response to her short call, Todd turned the Galewind Horse to the opposite direction, retracing the path they had come from.

They could not afford for the drawbridge to be withdrawn on them. Those in control of the drawbridge on the farther shore were not restricted to people not cooperating with their opponents.

At any rate――,

Todd: [――For them to be waiting for us fully prepared, they’re being led by a pretty dangerous person.]

Arakiya: [We can’t win? Even though I’m there?]

Todd: [Yeah, that’s right.]

Quietly, while hearing Arakiya’s voice raise in tension, Todd gave a nod.

With a shudder, as he felt dread run down his back――,

Todd: [――It’s not an opponent we have any chance of beating. At least, for today.]

So he spoke.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: […I thought that they’d turn back, but that decision to cut their losses seemed way too quick.]

While viewing the coach turn around exactly halfway into the drawbridge, retreating without any hesitation, he vented a sigh.

He had been amazed and impressed by the speed of their judgment, but even so, it had been within range of his expectations. Had he truly intended to perform a surprise attack, he would first quietly lure the opponent onto the Island.

However, that situation would have never been settled with both sides remaining unscathed.

As someone aware of the massacre that would ensue in the case they lured the carriage in, he had been unable to take such a risky gamble.

――That was, because he had already thrown himself head-first into the riskiest gamble available.

???: [Schwartz-sama, the emissaries are…]

Subaru: [Yeah, they ran away. As expected, they thought it strange that we’d just line up to welcome them. Though, that was what I wanted them to think, so it was a bluff.]

???: [Is, that so…? I am relieved that we did not end up making the Second an opponent.]

A girl in a kimono stood next to Subaru, who was shielding his eyes with his hands to his forehead as he gazed towards the drawbridge. Gently patting her own chest, Tanza digested the relief over the plan’s success.

The two horns atop her head were intact and well, and there were no wounds visible on her beautiful and youthful skin whatsoever.

With absolutely no problems at all, she was healthy and well. An admirably perfect Tanza.

Tanza: [――. E-excuse me, Schwartz-sama?]

Subaru: [Hmm?]

Tanza: [No, um, I was just wondering why you were patting my head…]

Subaru: [Ah, sorry sorry, it was by reflex.]

At Tanza’s question born of embarrassment, realizing that he had been subconsciously stroking her head, Subaru apologized. But regardless of his apology, he did not stop patting her head.

Then, as Subaru continued to caress her head, Tanza pursed her lips and did not resist.

For her sullen face to appear childlike once again, Subaru thought he would continue patting her head no matter what, as long as he was not shaken off, however――,

???: [――How long are ya gonna do that for!? Is this really the time for brats to be flirtin’ with each other!?]

Subaru: [Huh.]

Just as a vigorous voice came from behind him, Subaru’s hand stopped patting. Parting his hand from Tanza in haste then, Subaru bent his lips in displeasure and turned around.

With Subaru’s line of sight falling upon him, the lizardman―― Hiain, saying “W-what is it…” as he stiffened his face, looked at the two beside him in turns as if asking for help,

Hiain: [Why do ya hafta look at me with those kinda eyes!? Even tho’ I just said somethin’ obvious! Am I wrong!?]

???: [It seems that it’s more about the way you said it, and your timing in saying it was terrible. Though, it isn’t something that I’d say, even if the timing was appropriate.]

???: [He’s a better person than ya… Have some consideration, lizard bastard…]

Hiain: [Huhaa!?]

Betrayed by the two people on his flanks――by Idra and Weitz, Hiain’s eyes darted about in bewilderment.

Due to Hiain’s reaction, Idra produced a wry smile and Weitz gave a snort of his nose. At the figures of those three lining up, Subaru remembered his deep emotions.

In response to Subaru gazing at them like that, Idra frowned and,

Idra: [Schwartz, that somewhat meaningful look in your eyes is unsettling…]

Subaru: [It’s nothing. It’s just, I was thinking about how far I’ve come.]

Idra: [――?]

As Subaru rubbed his finger under his nose, Idra cocked his head in puzzlement. Regardless of Idra’s reaction, right next to him, Weitz crossed his burly arms with a mutter of “I get it…”.

While distorting frightening tattoos on his body, Weitz glared at the other side of the drawbridge, and,

Weitz: [We chased away the messengers from the Imperial Capital… With this, we don’t have a path of retreat. Ain’t that so…?]

Subaru: [――. You’re a little bit off-the-mark, but that’s also true.]

Weitz: [A lil’ bit off-the-mark…!?]

His appearance of looking like he understood the most out of everyone crumbled, and Weitz’s eyes widened in surprise. Producing a sarcastic smile to that reaction, Subaru reflected on how the deep emotions he harbored differed from the impression those three had given off with pride.

Those three―― rather, no one knew anything at all, but that was completely fine.

And Subaru, he would remember every single thing.

And then――,

???: [――Apparently, their verdict has been passed.]

Turning around due to that weighty and imposing voice, he saw a personage who had been awaiting the emissaries in the vicinity of the drawbridge.

The horse-drawn carriage that the emissaries were riding on had turned back, and having made sure it finished its crossing over to the other shore, he stared seriously at Subaru, with a terrifying expression like that of a demon.

As the giant of a man wielding an intimidating aura slowly approached them, and while having the light impression that Hiain and the others behind him were getting overwhelmed, Subaru shrugged his shoulders, and spoke,

Subaru: [With this, do you believe me?]

???: [No objections. The imperial command bestowed upon me, as the official, by His Excellency the Emperor, the time has come for it to be fulfilled. That is to say――]

Subaru: [That is to say?]

???: [All the gladiators of the Gladiator Island Ginunhive, they are to be placed under your command. ――Your Highness, Schwartz.]

While declaring so, interlocking the hands and fists of his four arms in front of his chest, demonstrating his dignified stance was the Chief of the Gladiator Island, Gustav Morello.

The guards under Gustav, exchanged glances at his statement, and all took an identical stance in unison.

Weitz: [This ain’t pleasing…]

Discontent with the attitudes displayed by Gustav and his group, Weitz muttered.

Subaru looked back, and Weitz jerked his chin as he closed one eye,

Weitz: [I object to ya deciding by yerself that all the gladiators are to obey… Even if yer the Governor and Island Chief…]

Gustav: [Weitz Rogen, keep your opinions within your heart. However, there are things that take precedence over one’s personal intentions. I would be troubled if you forgot that, in my capacity, I have means to have you do as I say.]

Weitz: [Ya wanna fucking go…?]

Weitz gave a snort of his nose, and Gustav also harbored silent intentions within his eyes. With things as they were, it seemed that the two would come to fight each other, and before Subaru could intervene,

Idra: [Governor, please don’t act hastily, Weitz, you lowlife… You never use enough words. Seems to me you were asking for a misunderstanding because of that.]

Weitz: [I don’t mind fighting ‘cause of that in the slightest…]

Hiain: [Others are gonna mind, y’know! Ahh, damnit! Governor, we ain’t gonna do somethin’ as shameful as to obey your orders outta fear!]

As Idra held Weitz back, Hiain stepped forward in his place, and declared so devoid of any shame.

Hiain would not look Gustav in the eye were the situation to be unfavorable to him, but, not letting his lack of nerve show, boldly pointing at Subaru with his hand, he spoke,

Hiain: [Even without that strange threat of yers, we’re goin’ with Schwartz. Hey, ain’t that right, ya assholes! Y’ain’t afraid, are ya!?]

???: [――Don’t make me laugh, lizard bastard!]

???: [Who’s afraid? Who!?]

???: [Aight, aight, let’s go, Your Highness, our Imperial Prince!]

???: [Let’s wrest it away from yer nasty ol’ man, it’s the start of our Empire――!!]

Hiain’s oh-so-loud call was responded to by a crowd of voices.

Rising one after another from all around them―― no, from all throughout the Island, were the voices of the gladiators who had all come together to welcome the emissaries.

Mixed along with the voices of the many men with their blood boiling, were the voices of Hiain’s comrades, Orson and his group, and the voice of Old Man Null, who most unusually was present outside the healing room.

Quite literally, the Gladiator Island Ginunhive had become one.

Subaru: [――Thank you.]

While hearing the cheers from his excited surroundings, Subaru clutched his chest and muttered.

To the comrades in the surroundings, then to himself, and above all else, to the one who had granted him this chance, he was grateful.

Then, Subaru slapped both of his cheeks with his hands, raised his face, its expression cheerful, and,

Subaru: [Well, we’re going now, but what are you going to do, Ceci?]

???: [――Hahaaa, guess you’re right about that.]

As Subaru, having tilted his head, asked a question, a silhouette twirled around as it descended. Having watched over the events as they unfolded from a vantage point up high, Cecilus made a light sound as he landed.

He did not have one side of his body scorched, and his manner was unchanged from the time it had been scorched. Gazing over Subaru as well as the large crowd of people surrounding him,

Cecilus: […As one’d expect of you, you managed a totally unexpected result. No matter how I slice it, I didn’t expect you to get this far, truly, I must say bravo. However, I got just one question.]

Subaru: [Ehhh? What is it?]

Cecilus: [Kindly, carefully, and thoroughly going around back and forth to several places, your ability to win everybody over’s truly superb and praiseworthy. But indeed, that’s just it, y’know. ――Aren’t you going to persuade me?]

His two hands concealed by his sleeves, Cecilus asked that of him with a face that showed curiosity from the bottom of his heart.

Unable to comprehend it, the smile Cecilus always had plastered on his face had disappeared. Seeing that expression, Subaru slightly widened his eyes, then gave a satisfied nod.

That was correct, Subaru had not attempted to persuade Cecilus.

Despite having persuaded Gustav, Hiain and Weitz and Idra, Orson and the others and Old Man Null, as well as Rex and Milzac, as well as Kashew and Moizo, as well as Deeroy and Creegkin, as well as Codroe and Phenmelle, and even that stubborn lone-wolf Jawsrough, he had ignored Cecilus.

The reason was――,

Subaru: [――Ceci, I wanted to see you make that face.]

Every single time up until now, the one Subaru had failed in connecting with at the crucial moments had been Cecilus.

He was not enough of a fool to cross a dangerous bridge for revenge, but the result of all his thinking that, for better or worse, this was the best way to have an effect on Cecilus.

And thus, when it came to pass in reality, Cecilus’s eyes went wide upon hearing that, and only then did Subaru give him the announcement.

Subaru: [I’m gonna work you hard if you come with us now, so, are you coming?]

Cecilus: [Ha, hahaha, hahahahaha! Ahh-ha-ha-ha-ha!!]

Shrugging his shoulders, Subaru winked. Just after Cecilus heard that high-handed invitation, he opened his mouth wide, then delivered a round of explosive laughter while bending his back.

Flailing his legs around on the spot, Cecilus was having a hearty laugh. Having had a thorough burst of laughter, he wiped away the tears emerging from the corners of his eyes, and,

Cecilus: [You’re kidding me! You’re kidding me, you’ve got to be kidding me, from this very me! From this very Cecilus Segmunt, the Blue Lightning! From the leading actor of this world! From me, whom you ignored, you ask that!? To please come together with you!? That’s, that’s… completely preposterous, Basu!]

Subaru: […So, what will you do?]

Cecilus: [I’ll go with you, of course! I’d like to say something like “Though it’s annoying to be taken along”, but it’s incredible how you’ve talked me down to think it’s not annoying in the slightest! Ah, incredible! It’s a pleasure!]

While clapping his hands with force, Cecilus got fully on-board, his actions aligned with Subaru’s expectations. While relieved by the merit of that decisiveness, Subaru placed his hand on his chin.

In truth, this was something he had been thinking from the very start, but――,

Subaru: [That way of calling me, Basu, it just doesn’t sit right with me in the slightest, you know.]

Cecilus: [Woah-ho, adverse winds! To rupture things like that just after I answered I’d come along with you, you’re awfully poor at communicating, but then, do you have an alternative I should use to call you?]

Subaru: [Guess you’re right, huh…]

As Cecilus pitched forward, Subaru thought for a bit.

He suddenly thought about how Cecilus’s mouth would have grown accustomed to saying “Basu”. Hitting upon an idea that was, unexpectedly, not so shabby, Subaru smiled with a wicked face, and,

Subaru: [―― Boss .] [2]

Cecilus: [――――]

Subaru: [From now on, call me Boss .]

He did not intend to be pretentious, but surprisingly, going along with Cecilus’s penchant for being a drama geek didn’t feel so bad.

As Subaru responded in that manner, Cecilus sighed with a “Hoho”,

Cecilus: [ Boss , Boss , Boss Boss Boss … It’s got quite a nice ring to it! Though I’ve got no clue whatsoever about its meaning, I don’t dislike it, rather, I quite like it.]

Subaru: [It means leader. Just right, isn’t it?]

Cecilus: [Yes, indeed, Boss ! Then, shall we begin!?]

Cheerfully smiling, the words of the high-spirited Cecilus were met with Subaru nodding and letting out a “Yeah”.

Starting with Cecilus, Subaru then looked over at Hiain, Weitz, and Idra, the comrades of his Unit, as well as the other gladiators, after that making eye contact with Gustav and the guards who accompanied him.

As the result of his utmost grand experience, with the comrades who had become one――,

Subaru: [――Let’s go, everyone! Let’s go give my shitty old man in the Imperial Capital a wallop to the cheek!!]

Everyone: [YEAHHHHHHH――!!]

At Subaru’s rousing shout, the people of the Gladiator Island returned that grand reply.

While basking in that intense spirit, so intense it seemed to make the entirety of the island floating on the lake quake, Subaru suddenly noticed Tanza’s gaze trained on him.

Subaru: [Don’t worry, Tanza.]

The one and only person who actually knew that Subaru was not the illegitimate child of the Emperor; giving her a reassuring nod, Subaru resolved himself to head from these western lands towards the Imperial Capital without resting.

As the son of Natsuki Kenichi, with the trust of his comrades, he would push forward.

Therefore, from now on, because he had been summoned to another world――,

Subaru: [――This time, it’s our win.]

――As the strongest existence, Natsuki Subaru would trample upon the Vollachian Empire.

Thank you to everyone who has read this far, both this chapter itself, and the whole phase. It has been a pleasure to work on this chapter, I look forward to continue working on chapters as they release.

TL Note:

[1] Juban(襦袢) is a piece of clothing worn under a kimono ( More Info )

[2] Subaru uses the word “Boss”(ボス) in English since it sounds similar to the name Cecilus had come up with for him “Basu”(バッスー). This is the same way Cecilus refers to Subaru in the Oboreru IF Story.

--- Chapter 76: Chance Meetings at the Imperial Capital ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

It was while Rem was strolling through the mansion where she was held under house arrest, that she noticed a certain woman.

In the heights of the battle at the Fortress City of Guaral, in order to treat a wounded Flop O’Connell, Rem had been abducted from the city along with him―― taken, to the Imperial Capital, and placed under house arrest in what was probably one of the most magnificent mansions in the city.

However, while it was called house arrest, Rem still possessed relatively ample freedom.

She was not confined to cramped rooms or prisons, nor was she subjected to excessive violence or verbal abuse. While it could have hardly been called tranquil, it was possible for one to say that the treatment she got was mild.

Food was prepared for every mealtime, and a time for bathing was also available. In some ways, it was definitely a better place to live than in the village of the People of Shudraq.

However, even though she was not imprisoned, she still could not go outside the mansion, as the Soldiers responsible for security―― the private army of Berstetz Fondalfon, kept watch, reminding her of her limitations.

In any case, leaving aside the topic of whether she was more free than not, the situation at hand was not one she wished for.

Naturally, she had made Kuna and Holly experience some inadequacy, and it would not be surprising if she were now the object of Priscilla’s indignation, having left as she pleased.

Above all, how would the people that had left for the east react upon their return?

Louis, Medium, and the boy named Natsuki Subaru――.

???: [――Ah.]

And, it was while Rem was lost in her own thoughts that brought her heartache, that she heard a painfully feeble voice.

Upon turning her face toward the direction of the voice, she saw an unfamiliar figure in the garden in the center of the mansion―― one likely used more as a courtyard for the purpose of mounting and dismounting flying dragons, than for preserving a lush green landscape.

Although she had not met all of the Soldiers and servants working in the mansion, she could tell at a glance that the person was neither of these.

For the reason, was because that very person did not walk on their own feet, and sat in a chair with wheels attached.

???: [Kuh, ugh…]

She was a fair-skinned woman with unruly dark-brown hair, which was parted in two on either side of her head. Her long-lashed blue eyes flickered, and then she put strength into her slender shoulders and leaned forward.

What those trembling arms were putting strength into was the wheeled chair she was sitting in―― specifically, the wheels of her wheelchair. They possessed large rims, which the person sitting in the chair could turn by hand to move forwards or backwards.

However, it seemed one of the wheels had got caught in a ditch in the corner of the path and, unable to get out, she had been stuck there.

???: [――――]

Biting on her thin lips with force, the woman strenuously tried time after time to turn the wheel.

Still, her slender arms did not provide the necessary strength, and the wheel just wiggled back and forth fruitlessly. If she were to raise her voice and call for help, someone would have rushed to her, and yet she did not.

She did not want to rely on anyone. Rem felt a sense of kinship with such obstinacy. Of course, she did not know due to what emotional state she was like that, but――,

Rem: [――I’ll help you.]

???: [Ah…]

Unable to leave her be, Rem walked over to the woman stuck in the ditch, and called out to her from behind.

Immediately rolling her eyes, the woman looked over her shoulder and gasped at Rem’s presence. But soon her look became one of embarrassment, chewing on her lips as she went silent.

Rem, once again feeling a sense of kinship to her reaction, placed her hand on the back of the wheelchair.

The back of the wheelchair had handles on either side, so that a person standing behind could push it. And so, putting her hands there, and pushing it,

Rem: [One, two aaand three!]

Rem put her strength into it, the wheel bounced with a bang, and the wheelchair escaped from the ditch in which it was stuck.

Using her hands, the woman stopped the wheelchair which had moved slightly forward with too much momentum, then abruptly spun the wheels on the spot and looked back toward Rem.

And then――,

???: […Who asked you, to do that.]

And what came, was a very particular greeting.

Rem: [――――]

Reflexively, Rem’s eyes went wide and blinked in surprise, as she was taken aback by the woman’s words.

Meanwhile, the woman averted her eyes from Rem, chewing on her lips,

???: [I would’ve been fine without help for something that trivial. I mean, what do you think you’re doing, when you need a cane yourself? Y-you should rather worry about yourself.]

Rem: [Ummm… Thank you for your concern.]

???: [I’m not worried or anything! Are your ears perhaps not working properly? If not, then I guess the problem’s in your head, yes it’s rather in your head.]

Rem belatedly realized that those stammered words were apparently meant to be a cutting remark.

Her tone was harsh, but since the subtle sense that she was not accustomed to such speech hung in the air, she lacked the talent to deal damage with such sarcasm.

Frankly speaking, from Rem’s point of view, after encountering Priscilla, the difference in the potency of this woman and Priscilla, was about the same as that between a puppy and Mizelda.

???: [N-now, get lost. I don’t have the free time to be concerned about… about you.]

Rem: [If you don’t have any free time, does that mean you have some role to fulfill?]

???: [A role…! Y-yes, that’s right. I have a proper role. Unlike you…]

After having been asked a question in return by Rem, the woman answered, her cheeks stiffening. As she answered, she scrunched up her thin eyebrows and looked Rem over top to bottom as if scrutinizing her.

Then, she brought her right thumb to her mouth, chomped at it ever-so-slightly, and,

???: […A face I haven’t seen, and a presence I hadn’t noticed. Who are you?]

Rem: [――. My name is Rem. Because of some circumstances, I was abducted to this mansion.]

???: [Abducted…]

Rem: [Yes. Hmm, may I ask for your name?]

In order to approach the woman biting her nails and muttering, Rem asked for her name.

She thought that, perhaps, the likelihood of receiving an unfriendly rejection was higher.

???: [――Katya.]

However, surprisingly without reserves, she―― Katya had introduced herself as such.

Rem did not know if it was due to some ulterior motive, or if she had named herself reflexively while she was lost in thought, but Katya seemingly deliberated as she continued to bite her nails.

Katya: [By abducted, do you mean that you’re a hostage too?]

Rem: [Hostage… That may very well be the case. It does not seem appropriate to request that I play such a role…]

Unmistakably, Subaru was probably the only one that would worry non-stop over Rem’s disappearance.

Of course, she felt the Shudraqians and the O’Connell siblings would be anxious as well, and Priscilla might at least move an eyebrow, but that would not affect the overall situation.

Rem’s existence would only affect the overall situation, when Subaru affected the overall situation.

However――,

Rem: [I wouldn’t expect that person to go that far.]

To Rem, it did not seem likely that he could do it, nor did she think that he should.

In a short time, she had been shown, time and time again for a short period, a figure resisting and resisting earnestly with their lack of ability as he was tormented by absurdity. His figure, as he kept on shouldering the burden of having to do everything by himself.

Rem could not stand it at all. It was not because she disliked or hated him.

It was still difficult to verbalize why that was, though.

Rem: [――――]

Katya: […Hey, don’t just go silent on me?]

Rem: [Ah, sorry. I was just lost in thought… Katya, what are you to Berstetz?]

Called out to by Katya, whose eyes had sharpened, Rem apologized for her silence, then posed a question.

Since she was in this mansion, there was no doubt that Katya also had some connection to Berstetz. However, it was difficult to imagine their relationship.

If she were someone with fighting strength like what Madelyn possessed, or if she were to look like an Imperial Soldier, the relationship would be obvious, but Katya’s appearance made it difficult to establish any sort of connection.

If there was anything that came to mind――,

Rem: [Berstetz’s daughter or grandchild, perhaps?]

Katya: [A relative of Prime Minister-sama? Oh, stop it you. In the first place, Berstetz-sama isn’t married, and supposedly doesn’t have a family. I’m not that big of a deal.]

Rem: [Is that so? That’s surprising.]

“Surprising?”, Katya said as she tilted her head, but Rem shook her head as to gloss over her words’ true meaning.

Once before, at the time Berstetz and Rem had met face-to-face, he had explained the reason for his own rebellion against the Emperor―― that was, his distrust of an Emperor that would not produce an heir. From Berstetz’s standpoint as someone working for the nation, the Emperor’s actions would seem like a dishonorable dereliction of duty.

Rem had been satisfied with that logic, even if it was difficult for her to sympathize, having been dragged into it.

However, the fact that Berstetz had started a rebellion for such a reason was unconvincing when he himself, just like the Emperor, did not have a family.

Of course, she believed Berstetz had his own reasons.

Rem: [But, if you’re not either of those, why are you in the mansion?]

Katya: […You’re an unperceptive woman. I asked if you were also hostage.]

Rem: [――. Does that mean, that you’re a hostage as well, Katya-san?]

With Rem returning with a question, Katya begrudgingly nodded, the bitter look on her face unchanging.

Katya, too, was being held captive in the mansion as someone’s hostage. ――Slightly surprised at that fact, Rem spun around and surveyed the mansion.

A spacious mansion amidst the Imperial Capital, a mansion enveloped in a majestic atmosphere.

However, there were probably many other secrets lying within, of which Rem and Katya, as well as the injured Flop, were a part of.

Having confronted Berstetz directly, Rem recognized the old man as someone of great intellectual stature, a formidable wall standing in the way of Abel’s attempt to regain the imperial throne.

However, Rem’s imagination and speculation would probably never be able to wholly gauge just how dreadful Berstetz could be, should he be willing to scheme and target his enemy’s weaknesses.

Rem: [Your family must surely be very worried about you having been taken hostage.]

Katya: […I wouldn’t be so sure about that. To him, I might be nothing more than a replaceable tool. I-if I get in the way, he’ll drop me like a hot potato.]

Averting her gaze, so spat out Katya.

Even though her speech had not faltered, Rem could tell that those seemingly hateful words were not her true feelings. She had a clue as to what lay behind Katya’s attitude.

Rem: [――――]

After all, that was the same shade of obstinacy belonging to none other than Rem.

She did not know what kind of person Katya would curse and keep at a distance. However, this complaint was more for the sake of convincing herself rather than it was for Rem to hear.

It was a lie told because she did not want herself to have too much faith in or too high expectations for that person.

It was a lie precisely because she did not want to admit that the other person thought her irreplaceable, nor that the other person was irreplaceable to her.

It was a lie specifically to deceive “herself”. Not anyone else.

Rem: [Katya-san, would you like to talk some more?]

Katya: [W-what… Doing something so selfish, to Prime Minister-sama…]

Rem: [I don’t think he’ll be angry. If he does get angry, then tell him I forced you to do it.]

Katya: [But, it isn’t actually like th… Ah, wait!]

With trembling lips, Katya attempted to reject Rem. Quickly moving around behind Katya, Rem tucked her cane under her arm and gently gripped the handle of her wheelchair.

While pushing the wheelchair, Rem could support her own body in addition to the other person’s. With this, she would not fall even without the cane, and surprisingly, it was not a terrible position.

Katya: [J-just doing as you please… As if I would…]

Rem: [In which direction is your room, Katya-san? My room is on the west side.]

Katya: […O-on the opposite side, the east side.]

Rem: [Understood. Well then, let’s head that way.]

Hearing Katya’s feeble reply, Rem pushed the wheelchair and started walking. Only at the start was there a slight resistance, but Katya soon detached her fingers from the wheel, and went along for the ride.

She was aware that she was being a bit forceful in moving the conversation forward, but Rem was anything but hesitant in pushing it.

In honest truth, she did not possess any ulterior motives, such as befriending Katya to make visible a way out of this deadlock, or her holding knowledge of an important secret to the mansion.

Probably, Katya’s presence would not be useful in moving the situation along.

Faintly so, she understood that the reason why Berstetz, who held Rem and Katya’s beings hostage, had no family himself, was so that he would have no weaknesses.

And yet, there were several reasons why Rem was trying to come to terms with Katya in this way, but――,

Rem: [――There are so many things I have to know.]

After having become a captive, she had the belief and resolve that she could not be the kind of weak person who would only spread the seeds of anxiety and worry in the people who knew her.

Therefore, Rem would make every effort. Even if she did not know how to, she would do things her own way.

Priscilla: [――No one can escape from who they are. Strive to remember my words, be diligent.]

There were more pressing things to do than to repudiate her own helplessness.

Indeed, for the sake of putting into practice the words of that person, to not remain at a standstill.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Flop slowly opened his eyelids, having felt the presence of someone else in the room.

Flop: [――――]

Shaking off the restless hand of drowsiness that entangled him, Flop’s consciousness returned to reality.

In the view of his now-open eyes, a clean white ceiling was visible, and he quickly came to the understanding that he was in the room of the mansion where he was being held captive.

He was way past the point of panicking because of this realization. It also did not catch him off-guard anymore, and, as a result, he did not make himself experience pain by suddenly moving his body because of his surprise.

But still, it was still too early to say that he was acclimated to the situation, considering there was still some feeling of uneasiness left.

Flop: [As a merchant, I can’t help but be impatient, being bedridden for days like this, alright.]

He was a peddler whose efforts on a given day determined how much money he had at its end.

He could hardly call it his strong suit, but having an elaborate business plan was the shortcut to success. And even if he did not succeed, he still needed to earn even just a little bit.

Thus, being tied to a bed in this manner, agitated and distressed him despite the quite leisurely position he found himself in.

Wondering how Medium would react if she knew he was being held captive, only made it worse.

In any case――,

Flop: [I can hardly ask Wife-san to bring me to perfect condition at this very moment. What an irritating situation.] [1]

In order to treat Flop’s injuries, Rem was also being held captive in the mansion.

For Subaru’s sake, as well as the others who worried for her, Rem had to be brought home safely at any cost, but her situation was far from being secure.

Rem’s current position, that of being Flop’s healer, would become quite uncertain once Flop made a complete recovery.

He had hoped that Rem would not immediately be disposed of, as someone who no longer had any use.

Flop: [I guess you could say that depends exactly on your mood, Miss Madelyn.]

Having collected and organized his thoughts, Flop proceeded to cast this particular subject of conversation towards the room’s entrance.

Flop had been awakened by the presence of a certain someone. The other person’s voice could not be heard, but it was obvious that someone was in the room and there were only two people who usually visited him.

Only two; whether it be Rem who came to treat him, or Madelyn who appeared more frequently.

Leaving aside Rem, who had been given unexpected freedom within the mansion; around Madelyn, Flop had to be somewhat careful.

Despite her childish appearance, she had tremendous physical strength and could easily rip and tear through Flop with her claws. In addition, she was a proud member of the dragonkin―― someone who Flop, despite having been through many different paths in life, had no idea how to deal with.

Besides, Flop did not want to mislead Madelyn, nor deceive her with lies, even though she would possibly scold him for being blind to the situation.

Even Flop had not gone through life without telling a lie. He was proud of the fact that he had relied on the power of words more than anyone else in the Empire, precisely because of his apparent lack of strength.

Being that, the reason as to why he wished to avoid doing anything that would make Madelyn believe he was trying to win her over, was that she genuinely cared about Flop’s precious “close friend”.

He imagined a particular ”close friend” of his would be appalled at his seemingly stupid way of life.

Flop: [That’s the way I live my life, nothing I can do about it.]

Flop was spending his time at the mansion with the determination to take the offensive.

Therefore, engaging Madelyn in a battle devoid of lies, in which he would make full use of his conversational arts and power of his speech so that her interest would not be exhausted―― was something he expected to happen on this day.

But it was not to be. Since――,

Flop: [Miss Madelyn? I thought you might be here to ask me to continue our conversation from yesterday. What was the surprising thing Balleroy said the first time Carillon flew in the sky? I cut off the conversation at that point where――]

???: [――While that sounds like an interesting topic, it shan’t be the one discussed now.]

Flop: [――――]

Flop, who was lying on his bed, talking to the person who was supposedly there, fell in silence upon being answered by a voice different from the one he had expected.

Flop had assumed it was Madelyn at the entrance, but the answer was returned through the voice of a man. A voice he had heard before.

It was only his small pride, but Flop would never forget a voice having heard it once.

Even if it came from a corner of a busy market, Flop could recognize it. Which was why he had not mistaken the voice.

However, after hearing the voice in question, Flop’s feelings became complex to the extreme.

After all, his relationship with said party had changed quite drastically, at least as far as Flop was concerned.

Flop: [Village Chief-kun… No, perhaps I should say, His Excellency the Emperor-kun?]

???: [You rephrase yourself, and yet you came to that? Either way, it seems there is no substitute for the profane name you have dubbed me with.]

Calling out quietly, Flop strained his trembling arms and sat up on the bed. He still felt a faint numbness in his upper body and a tightness in his skin, but it was not unbearable.

Then raising his gaze, he finally caught sight of a figure standing at the entrance to the room.

Standing there was a young man with black hair, fair skin, and sharp eyes.

His attire was dominated by vermilion and his slender figure matched what he had seen many times before. His face, his eyes, his nose, everything was familiar.

Abel―― No, Vincent Vollachia.

That was the name of the current Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, the rebellious wolf who had been driven from his throne, presently seeking to reclaim it.

Having been called disrespectful by the very man behind it all himself, Flop smiled and bowed his head.

Flop: [Excuse me, perhaps I should rephrase. No, perhaps I should also change my speech in general. How embarrassing, would you mind if I start over from the beginning?]

Vincent: [No need. Starting over shan’t make up for the deeds you have committed. More importantly, are you a citizen resolved to pledge allegiance and devotion to the Emperor of Vollachia?]

Flop: [I wonder. His Excellency is the Emperor of the country in which I live. Since the reign of His Excellency Vincent Vollachia, disputes, including skirmishes between tribes, have decreased dramatically. I’d say I’m grateful for a country that has become a better place to live.]

Vincent: [That is a very suggestive way of putting it. You dare play with idle words in front of the Emperor?]

The Emperor shrugged his slender shoulders and slowly stepped forward.

Flop’s eyes widened as the figure became more clearly visible up close. For all intents and purposes, the figure was that of the very Abel he was already acquainted with.

But he knew that the man in front of him was not that Abel.

Flop: [I’m very embarrassed by my lack of knowledge, but you really have made a good likeness of him, haven’t you? It’d need to be that good to befit the role of a body double, I guess.]

Vincent: [If you continue to speak so frivolously, I shall have no choice but to muzzle you. It is naught more than the wish of the Flying Dragon General, Madelyn Eschart, that has provided you shelter here. But where shall the scales tip towards, the General’s wishes or mine whims?]

Flop: [I’ll accept your advice to take care in my words. However, I cannot promise that I’ll be able to put it into practice! My feelings are very mixed, after all! I’d very much like to remark further on that face of yours!]

Vincent: [――――]

Being pointed at with a snap, the other party remained silent after that loud insistence from Flop.

Flop was at a loss on how to address the other party―― the one who was not Abel, who, for the sake of convenience, he had decided to call Vincent.

Flop knew that Vincent was a false Emperor, a man who had plotted to usurp the throne. However, Flop did not possess any reason to denounce him per-se.

If Flop and Abel were bound by a firm friendship, having built a relationship in which they would be willing to speak out on each other’s behalf at every such event, then it would only be natural, but that was not the case.

Rather, Flop and Abel’s relationship was more complicated as well.

Flop: [Unfortunately, the person I really want to give my remarks to is someone else, someone who’s got the same face as you. But still, it truly looks very much alike… I helped Husband-kun do Village Chief-kun’s makeup, it looks just like his bare face.]

Vincent: [――. The matter of the Fortress City has reached my ears, so you were a part of that scheme too? I can only imagine that you have all tried to besmirch the Emperor’s rule in some ungodly fashion. It was an act of barbarism, and one beyond measure.]

Flop: [Is that so? It was a fun venture. And most importantly, there were no casualties.]

Vincent: [That is just a justification based solely upon the results.]

Flop’s cheeks relaxed, and he thought about the plan for the fortified city that he, Subaru, and Abel had collaborated on.

It was a plan that Flop had found astonishing, but it was the funniest of all the plots in which Flop had ever been involved.

Everyone involved in that operation had certainly wished for its success.

Flop: [Miss Taritta and Miss Kuna did, and I did, as well. ――That’s why I can’t unravel it.]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [Village Chief-kun, or His Excellency the Emperor-kun… I wonder why he, who I still don’t know how to call, was ousted from the Imperial Throne and put in that position.]

Flop looked at Vincent, cutting him off, “More to the point”.

He looked towards the usurper of the throne, whose expression did not even waver, his face a mirror image of the Emperor’s.

Flop: [Just why did you and your people have to make our rock-solid Empire quake, why did you have to raise this disturbance?]

Vincent: [――. You are quite the talkative man, are you not?]

Flop: [It’s a tool of the trade. I’m a merchant. Also, my dear sister often compliments me on my good looks. That’s another tool of the trade.]

Vincent: [I see. In that case――]

Flop had a toothy grin on his face; Vincent nodded at his words, composed, before suddenly grabbing Flop’s face with his outstretched hand and pulling him closer.

Forced to lean forward, his wounds sore, Flop moaned out a “Muggh”. However, Vincent paid no heed to his cries of pain, but stared at Flop closely.

Vincent: [I can take your face and mouth right here and now to atone for your disrespect.]

His voice slid coldly into Flop’s eardrums with an intimidating quality that went down from his head to his body and froze his heart.

For a person who would not shut his mouth like Flop, disrespect towards the Emperor was considered to be unforgivable, yet Vincent’s reply was level-headed with a hint of resentment.

Even as he contemplated what it meant――,

Flop: […If you mean that I should watch my mouth, it might make more sense to take away my voice.]

Once again, Flop looked back at Vincent with an ugly look on his face, which was still being gripped, giving an answer that was likely to provoke him and make him even angrier.

For a moment, Vincent’s dark eyes narrowed at Flop’s answer, but the emotion that passed within was swept away without being expressed overtly.

Vincent batted one of his eyes shut, letting go of Flop’s face. His look was one which Abel, whom Vincent mimicked, used to do often when observing other people.

Vincent: [I made it clear that it was to be understood which of these is more important, mine whims or Madelyn Eschart’s wishes. However, then there would be no avoiding her defection nor rebellion. Is the attitude you have one of reading this far?]

Flop: [Huh? Oh, ah, I see. Miss Madelyn would get angry for sure if I die. That’s not good for you either… I hadn’t thought that far ahead, but surely…]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [If I, as a prisoner, had risked my life to try and get one over on His Excellency the Emperor-kun, I could’ve at least encouraged Miss Madelyn’s defection. ――Unfortunately though, I can’t do that now.]

At Vincent’s suggestion, Flop reassessed the value of his life.

With Madelyn’s interests now focused on himself, if Flop’s life were to be taken away unnecessarily, it would be difficult to tame the bestial danger she would pose.

If Madelyn were to defect from Vincent, the rebellious Abel side would have an advantage.

It was understandable that Vincent would suspect that he was provoking him due to that.

Vincent: [I hear that you will not yield to any threats and that you will not hesitate to risk your life. It is just as Berstetz said, you seem to be some kind of ill-begotten misfortune.]

Flop: [It seems that I’ve been put in such a position unknowingly. Now, what do you think, Fake Emperor-kun? I’m very difficult to deal with!]

Vincent: [I hear there was a healer girl who was brought here with you. If you care about that girl’s well-being, you shall refrain from unnecessary words and behavior, and remain quiet.]

Flop: [I’ve been completely shut down!]

With Rem being used as a shield, Flop suddenly had no more moves to make.

But there was probably no helping it; he had to get Rem back home safely, no matter what it took.

Besides――,

Flop: [I myself can’t decide what I should do.]

Ultimately, one could say Flop’s position had become the same as Madelyn’s.

Should he, like Madelyn, join the rebellion she was part of, and then plot viciously to eliminate Abel, whom they had ousted, and slowly make him pay for his crimes?

A merchant whose only merit was that his little sister complimented him on his goodness.

Vincent: [Even without Madelyn Eschart, Berstetz shall not do you any harm. Bear in mind what your position is and make sure you spend your time here without stirring up any discord.]

Vincent declared that with his eyes fixed upon the silent Flop.

From what he said, Flop understood that he was trying to end this face-to-face meeting. That Vincent had determined there was nothing to be gained out of Flop, or that he had served the purpose of this discussion, and having thought as much――,

Flop: [Fake Emperor-kun, why did you come to this room?]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [It’s hard for me to imagine, having never rebelled, but still trying my best to realize the power of my imagination here, I reckon the position of His Excellency the Emperor must be rather busy. Even though things are already tough, when there are people like His Excellency the Emperor-kun, who keep acting wildly without giving up, it’s no wonder your business knows no bounds.]

Flop was not saying that his usual peddling was easy, but when there were loads of products that fit exactly with the buyer’s needs, one’s business was incomparable to the usual.

The position of the Fake Emperor would never be held secure while the real Emperor was still alive and well.

Under such circumstances, why had Vincent bothered to specifically visit Flop?

Well――,

Flop: [Perhaps you were wondering how His Excellency the Emperor-kun was doing and wanted to hear it from me?]

Vincent: [Hypothetically, if I were a usurper, as your nonsensical nickname implies, it would be in poor taste, would it not? I would be attempting to find out what happened to the person I had ousted from the ones in that person’s vicinity.]

Flop: [The importance of gathering information is not so different in commerce or in battle, I guess. If we assume that, I don’t think it’s in bad taste to try to find out what’s going on with your opponent.]

Vincent: [――. Even if that were the case, you are misguided. I have seen with my own eyes how that person is doing without needing to hear it from your mouth. We even exchanged a few words.]

Flop: [Is that so…]

A painful evasion after having hit the mark.

Flop took Vincent’s answer as not having been such a frivolous statement.

What the circumstances were that he saw Abel in person and exchanged words with him, Flop had no room but to imagine, but he could not believe it to be an outright lie.

Although he was also concerned about Medium, Taritta, and Subaru, who were supposed to be by Abel’s side, it seemed unlikely that he would be able to get an answer by digging deeper into the matter.

At the very least, he could not have done anything to Abel when meeting him face-to-face.

If he could have, it would not have been odd for him to have declared victory immediately. He found it hard to believe that he was tasteless enough to bother to come to do that; however, it would have been equally tasteless for him to continue this discussion while withholding that fact, and it did not seem to be either.

In other words, Vincent was not here to converse with Flop.

If so, there was only one possibility that came to mind.

Flop: [If you didn’t want to ask me something, is it because you had something you wanted to tell me, maybe?]

Vincent: [ Troublesome , I believe that was Berstetz’s evaluation of your position, however, even if you look at it from my point of view, your way of being is one that falls into the troublesome category.]

Flop: [Am I to take that as a compliment? It’s more positive for my mentality to think so, so I’ll just take it as such.]

Flop reckoned his words were what made Vincent stop in his tracks as he was about to take his leave.

Flop: [――――]

Frankly, Flop did not know whether stopping Vincent in his tracks here was good or bad for him.

If Vincent’s plan were fulfilled and the usurpation of the Imperial Throne were brought to completion, Abel would surely be forced out from his position in the Empire, but also in this world.

Was that what he really wished?

Was that what he wished for the person who was involved in the death of his precious “close friend”, Balleroy Temeglyph? Was that what he wished for the person who had taken everything away from him, for him to lose his life?

Flop: [Until now, I never knew what I wanted…]

Trying to think if there ever was a time, Flop quickly reconsidered his thoughts.

He did not need to recall anything. Before he had met Balleroy and the others, he had spent all his time trying to protect Medium and had no desire for anything else.

He was the same as he had been then. Then, the answer and the way he arrived at it was the same as then, too.

???: “ You guys can choose what you wanna do. “

He remembered that blunt voice pushing Flop’s back like that.

So, rather than being swept away without knowing anything, Flop wanted to choose to set out walking knowing something.

Flop: [Can I ask you something, Fake Emperor-kun? What is it that you have come to tell?]

Flop asked him point-blank, interrupting the Fake Emperor busy in his usurpation of the Imperial Throne.

In response to his question, Vincent’s lips curved with a slightly different impression than the man Flop knew, and spoke.

That it was――,

Vincent: [――The Great Disaster, regarding the reason for the destruction it brings.]

Translation notes:

[1] Because of the many different ways Flop addresses a certain character in this scene, we have decided to review the way we translate his ways to refer to Subaru, Rem, Louis and Abel. These changes have already been applied to previous chapters’ translations as well. The changes are as follows:

--- Chapter 77: Twist of Fate ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This is expected to have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality. A proper, higher-quality translation for this chapter is in the works by our team, so if you would prefer to wait for it, then feel free to check back at a later date, keeping an eye out on our social media for updates.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Otto: [――This is a report on the damage caused by the attack of the flying dragons.]

Emilia lowered her eyebrows with a pained expression at Otto’s explanation as he tapped the documents close at hand.

The Fortress City of Guaral had been hit by a “flying dragon cataclysm”―― Several days had passed with them repairing the city and dealing with the injured, until it could be said that things had settled down for the moment, the results of which had thereafter become clear.

From Emilia’s point of view, the city was in a terrible state.

The splendid defensive wall that surrounded the city had been destroyed, and the numerous boulders that had been dropped from on high were still scattered around the city. The damage to the buildings was extensive, less than half of them having survived unscathed. A fair number of people had died, and the house where Emilia and her group were sleeping, with its second floor collapsed, was one that no longer had residents to return to it.

Emilia: [If only…]

If only they had rushed there just a little bit sooner.

Such regrets kept poking at Emilia’s chest like sharp needles; however――,

Otto: [It’s pointless to speculate whether we could have rushed here earlier, so let’s quit with that.]

Otto was able to read Emilia’s thoughts, but he cut her off immediately. Emilia’s face dropped at his sharpness, but Otto gave a curt nod with his chin, indicating the outside of the window.

Otto: [Back then, the reason we allowed this to take priority was because a group of flying dragons passed by us overhead. Without that, we wouldn’t have had the option to hurry. In other words…]

Emilia: [In other words?]

Otto: [There was nothing we could have done to prevent it, you know. It’s a matter of cause and effect. You can’t have one without the other. It would be irrational to worry about that.]

Emilia gave Otto a strained smile as he slowly shook his head while explaining that.

His opinion felt like he’d read what Emilia truly felt inside, and that in itself, was of no surprise. Otto was a very good judge of people, so that was normal for him.

On top of that, she imagined Otto’s words to her were his way of consoling her.

He was telling her that worrying about “what if” scenarios was not constructive consideration.

And so Emilia was convinced, however――,

Petra: [But the issue lies with how you said it. I hate the way you put it.]

Petra turned her face away in a huff looking really upset.

Sitting in a chair in front of Emilia, Petra was in the middle of combing her bright brown hair and polishing up to her usual cuteness. This role was one Emilia had been entrusted with lately, but Petra’s attitude of never skimping out on taking care of herself, even during their journey, was one that always left her impressed.

She must have been exhausted from running around the city yesterday, but now that a new day had come, she was properly remodeling herself into a new self.

That too was a boon of Petra’s awareness of her position and sense of responsibility.

After all, she was――,

Otto: [――To hear that from our Mistress, Lady Petra, is very upsetting.]

As Otto remarked, Petra was in charge of organizing Emilia’s group as the lady employing them.

――Emilia’s group had entered the Vollachian Empire in search of Subaru and Rem, who had disappeared.

After many twists and turns and various hardships, they arrived in the Empire, but as they had expected, it was difficult to cross the border by regular means, and they ended up smuggling themselves into the country.

In doing so, they had to use aliases and fabricate a false story about the purpose of their journey, since things would get bad if Emilia and Roswaal’s true identities were discovered.

As a result, Emilia was assigned the role of “Emily”, the guardian escort, and the ones she had to protect were――,

Emilia: [Lady Petra and Lady Beatrice.]

Otto: [The reason we came to the Empire was to restore Lady Beatrice’s health… and this is a goal that will actually be fulfilled once we collect what we are after, so it is not entirely a lie.]

Petra: [I understand, but somehow… you know, it’s fine after all.]

Otto: [You stopping halfway has got me concerned, so it would be better if you just told me.]

Petra: [I suppose? Like you know Otto-san, could it be Master’s bad habits are spreading to you?]

Otto: [I knew I shouldn’t have asked…!]

Otto had ended up cradling his head in his hands, so Emilia hastily retracted the words she was about to say.

Otto looked really uncomfortable with it, but as for Emilia, she found Roswaal’s intelligence to be very dependable. So it was very encouraging to see two of the smartest people in the camp thinking alike.

Although it seemed that saying that would cause Otto even more undue suffering.

Anyhow――,

Emilia: [We’ve also got far less injured people in the city thanks to Garfiel, yeah?]

Otto: [That is, without a doubt, true, and I think it is a great credit to Lady Petra, Frederica-san, and of course you, Emily, for helping out.]

At Otto’s nodded response, Emilia could finally release the tension in her cheeks.

Garfiel’s hard work, Frederica and Petra’s help, all made Emilia proud. It was a struggle of which she and her dear friends could be very proud of.

Emilia: [Otto-kun did a reaaally good job of talking with Zikr-san and the others, too.]

Otto: [Fortunately, Zikr-san was a person who can be reasoned with, so the difficulties were minimal. I am also grateful to Mizelda-san, who I happened to run into, and she was able to run me through everything.]

Petra: [Otto-san’s face is Mizelda-san’s favorite, isn’t it?]

Otto: [I have never had someone be so open about something like that, so I was quite perplexed.]

Otto gave a strained smile at Petra, who held up her small fist with a grin.

Mizelda, with whom Emilia had also exchanged words, was a very strong and kind woman. She had been kind to them from the beginning of their acquaintance and had shown them a lot of consideration.

Although part of her wondered why Otto and Garfiel were being treated differently.

Emilia: [I know she likes Otto-kun’s face, but Garfiel is cute, too…]

Petra: [Maybe it’s because Garf-san often has wrinkles between his eyebrows and nose. Also, perhaps it is because he is annoyed at being separated from Ram nee-sama.]

Otto: […I am going to go ahead and not say anything at all.]

Petra, placing her finger properly on her own shapely nose, gave this appraisal of Garfiel.

Emilia thought that Garfiel’s changing facial expressions were also charming, so she wanted Mizelda to look at Garfiel more properly.

All such digressions aside――,

Emilia: [But if the city’s cleanup is getting close to finishing its first stage…]

Otto: [Yes.]

Otto nodded at Emilia’s words and then looked out the window once more. Ahead of Otto’s gaze was the face of the city, still standing despite the damage―― the City Hall.

Gathering there were the influential people of the Fortress City of Guaral.

In other words――,

Otto: [Finally, I think we can start talking about progressing things forward.]

And as Otto said that, the discussion began.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Hey, ya never thanked me, Pops.]

Ascending the walls of the half-destroyed city, Garfiel called out to the back of the previous visitor.

In honesty, they were not someone he wanted to call out to, but turning right back around the moment their back came into view would have made him feel like he had lost, so his competitive spirit won out over his disinclination.

In the first place, why did he have to be the one to turn around?

If anybody had to turn tail, unable to bear the awkwardness, it ought to be the other person, rather than himself.

With that in mind, he had kicked things off with words like those of a punk, but――,

???: [――Tch.]

With the reply being a mighty click of the tongue, Garfiel immediately regretted his choice.

As a result of his stubbornness, he went through an even more unpleasant experience. Inside his head, he could hear Otto’s reaction, a “Well, of course” of exasperation.

Be that as it may, it was someone he was not fond of.

Although Garfiel had not been present when this previous visitor had been disrespectful to his people, upon hearing of it later, that affair had been more than enough to make him dislike the guy.

That had been Garfiel’s unchanging impression of Heinkel Astrea.

Heinkel: [――――]

In light leather armor, a fine sword at his hip, Heinkel stood guard.

However, Garfiel had come to judge it as more of a display to cover up that he had nothing to do and no place to be, rather than it being an admirable desire to keep the peace in the city.

The scent of alcohol wafting from his back, the empty liquor bottles lying around him, were proof of that.

During the flying dragon cataclysm, Heinkel had apparently gone on an utmost ferocious rampage against the advanced flock of flying dragons, yet came to suffer a painful defeat against a Divine General.

Nevertheless, the tiny Schult had talked his head off in defense of Heinkel, but Utakata was frank, saying “He couldn’t do a thing”. That probably was the truth.

As evidence of this, among those Garfiel had to deal with while going around performing healing magic on the wounded, Heinkel had been amongst the ones with the most severe injuries. The damage he had received had been quite hideous, so much so that he would probably still be bedridden without Garfiel’s healing magic.

Garfiel: [Is that tongue-clickin’ supposed to be a thanks? Gee, that’s hella different from the social etiquette my amazin’ self’s aware of, oi.]

Even while bearing the other party’s situation in mind, Garfiel spat abuse.

Garfiel, too, had experienced defeat. He understood how frustrating it was, so he did not wish to heartlessly poke at the fact that he had been defeated.

However, with the other party refusing to be polite, Garfiel was tempted to make at least one snide comment. Not to mention that he did not have a favorable impression of Heinkel.

Garfiel: [This is the Empire. There may be some social etiquette my amazin’ self ain’t aware of, but… You’re from the Kingdom, ain’t’cha? On top of that, you’re the father of the Sword Saint, yeah?]

Heinkel: [――――]

Garfiel: [As my amazin’ self said, he’s one tough asshole. Ya’d think that someone that strong’d have great parents, but ya didn’t even have the decency to be polite――]

Heinkel: [――No matter how great the parents are, it doesn’t mean their kids are just as great.]

Garfiel looked daunted, having continued his sarcastic nagging towards a back that would not even turn around.

He had assumed he would still be ignored, but an unexpected rebuttal had arrived. Garfiel’s eyes went wide, but Heinkel, still without turning around, said,

Heinkel: [And vice-versa. There’s no reason at all why the parents of a monster also have to be monsters.]

Garfiel: [Oh…]

Heinkel: [You’re way too bad at hurling insults. If you want to provoke someone, take a lesson from Miss Priscilla. As you are, you’ve failed.]

Garfiel: [Gahk.]

His attempt to get the upper hand through insults was seen through, and was replied to in kind, ultimately.

Having just been told what true provocation really was, Garfiel faltered. As things were, the conversation was finished. But were he to turn his back and leave, he would be the one defeated in the true sense of the word.

In the end, Garfiel stuck around out of stubbornness, sitting a short distance away from Heinkel, gazing over the southern horizon devoid of the ramparts with which to guard the now-defenseless city.

Having been assailed by countless flying dragons, the walls of the famed Fortress City of Guaral had been severely damaged.

The damage yielded by the boulders thrown from a high altitude had been extensive, and although the crumbling, demolished walls were being repaired as fast as possible, the city’s defensive abilities were considerably lowered.

In particular, the city’s southern wall had been the one to suffer the greatest damage.

The western wall, which had borne the first attack, was also in a rather horrible state, but that was nothing compared to this. Forget about the wall, the entire area had been razed to the ground.

Garfiel: [I heard that Emilia-sama… No, Emily and the Princess they call Priscilla fought a Divine General but…]

The ferocity of the battle could be perceived in clear terms, judging from the disastrous scene below them.

Most of the buildings had not retained their original shape, and a terrible shockwave had mowed down anything and everything in its path.

The battle with the dragonkin, that which is one of the “Nine Divine Generals”, had its denouement orchestrated by a white light――Garfiel, too, had been in the city when the shockwave blew him away. Emilia had explained what it had truly been.

Garfiel: [――A Dragon’s roar.]

While ground dragons, water dragons, flying dragons and the like were species of dragons, Dragons were a cut above them. [1]

Dragons possessed power said to be beyond all reason. With merely a single breath, everything was uprooted.

There was a fear that, had the duo of Emilia and Priscilla not strived to oppose it, the damage would have spread even further.

Garfiel: […No matter what, my amazin’ self’s always in the wrong place at the wrong time.]

As he praised Emilia and, while he was at it, Priscilla for their accomplishments, a bitter feeling brewed in his heart.

By failing to accompany them to Pleiades Watchtower, Garfiel had missed the chance to come face-to-face with the Divine Dragon Volcanica, whom Emilia had met. Not only that, but this time he had missed the chance to come into contact with yet another Dragon despite being in the same city.

In a Subaru-like way of saying things, he had to say that the fish got off the hook.

Heinkel: [――――]

His sulking was not at all because he had been unable to meet a Dragon, an existence that had been spoken of since ancient times.

It was because Garfiel’s role was to fight and defeat powerful enemies. To defeat those who would try to disrupt the Camp’s goals, and to carry out his role as a military officer.

Going around treating the wounded was absolutely not a part of those duties.

Garfiel: [More than that, my amazin’ self also couldn’t do a thing when enterin’ the Empire.]

In the act of smuggling themselves into the Vollachian Empire, Garfiel had been useless.

They had relied on Otto’s family, on the Suwen Trading Company, for getting into contact with the people that would guide them across the border. And when they got into a disagreement with them along the way, Petra had concluded negotiations in a dignified manner.

After that, when problems arose as soon as they entered the Empire, Frederica used her own blood to overcome the situation, and all Garfiel ultimately did was to knock out a guy he did not like, as to get him to shut up.

At the very least he had found hope in the name of the black-haired valkyrie, “Natsumi Schwartz”, who was rumored to be in the Fortress City, but just when he had thought his reunion with Subaru would finally come to be――

Garfiel: [Just missin’ each other after the Captain left… Unlucky ‘til the very end, seems like absolutely everythin’ was my amazin’ self’s fault…]

Of course, he was fully aware that this was paranoia due to overthinking.

Just as Garfiel and the others had had a great adventure arriving in the Empire, Subaru, having been hurtled off into the Empire, had also been on a great adventure there. Nothing more, nothing less.

Getting involved in a major incident straight away, even in a place he had been hurtled off to, was a situation that was very much like the Subaru that Garfiel knew.

Garfiel: [――A scramble for the top of the Empire, that’s one hell of a big deal, Captain.]

A sign of great war that would engulf the Fortress City―― no, that would engulf the entirety of the Vollachian Empire.

What kind of causality had led to him being right in the middle of such a situation? However, Garfiel thought, Surely this was the result of Subaru being who he is.

While eagerly, desperately struggling to return to his place beside Emilia and the others, he had bonded with the people he had encountered on the way, and unable to abandon them, he kept running.

Right now, he was someplace far away, in a big city to the southeast, seemingly negotiating with influential people.

Regardless of the outcome, it would be nice if he were to return safely――,

Heinkel: [――Hey, brat.]

Garfiel: [Ahhn?]

Heinkel: [Your teeth’ve been clattering like hell for a while now. Can’t you behave and shut your mouth?]

Heinkel suddenly spat those words at Garfiel, who had been lost in thought.

The seemingly annoyed red-haired man glaring his way put a finger in his own mouth and traced his canine in demonstration. That was to say that Garfiel’s habit of clacking his teeth was getting on his nerves.

Garfiel: [Ha, why should my amazin’ self hafta listen to anythin’ ya say? If it’s that hard on the ears, ya can leave whenever ya want.]

Heinkel: [Is that your best insult, you petulant brat? I was here first. Know your place.]

Garfiel: [――Hk, the guy who chickened out against a Divine General shouldn’t be so arrogant!]

Loathing the idea of being cornered in the same way as before, Garfiel forcefully shouted that back.

After asserting that, Garfiel realized he had made a rash remark. However, his opponent was his opponent. Retorting to such an extent, needing to feel guilty about that was――.

Heinkel: [Ahh, that’s right, isn’t it. ――I got scared. That’s why, it turned out like this.]

Garfiel: [Pops…?]

Heinkel: [I also wrecked Miss Priscilla’s mood so now I’m getting dead drunk. Aah, how irredeemable.]

However, the words that Heinkel offered in return were weak, leaving Garfiel puzzled.

Lifting the bottle of alcohol in his hand to his mouth while he sipped its contents, Heinkel grumbled in a low voice which seemed to curse the world—— No, seemed to curse his own being. Just as if the very world itself had abandoned him, his demeanor seemed to have fallen to utter desperation.

Garfiel: […Yer opponent was a Divine General. They’re the Empire’s strongest military force, s’natural ya couldn’t beat ‘em, Pops.]

Unable to stand watching that pathetic appearance, he vocalized that comfort.

Despite having said it himself, Garfiel was astonished by the fact he had made that remark without shame. Just before, he had verbally abused Heinkel for losing to a Divine General, but now he was comforting him by saying it was natural for him to have lost.

It was incoherent, and probably completely failed at being comforting. If Garfiel had been in the same position as Heinkel, he might have flown into a fit of rage at being told the same thing. However, Heinkel gave a spineless laugh at Garfiel’s comfort,

Heinkel: [I may not have won, but I had a duty to carry out. All the more so if I’m to reap the benefits of going with Miss Priscilla… Heh, what a fucking masterpiece.]

Garfiel: [It’s, a masterpiece?]

Heinkel: [The thing I’ve been chasing for over ten years keeps slipping through my fingers. No matter how far I go, I’ll never be able to change my piss-poor nature.]

At Heinkel’s incessant self-derision, Garfiel began to see him differently.

At first, due to the reckless actions Heinkel had taken at the Watergate City, Garfiel’s impression of him had been enmity and disgust. After just a short period, the very moment he thought it had been affirmed, seeing Heinkel curse himself made Garfiel reevaluate his impression.

There stood a weak, exhausted, miserable man.

The words that spewed from his mouth were blades to himself and to others, though their sharpness was pathetic. If those were only directed towards others, Garfiel would merely scorn them and be done with it.

However, when he realized Heinkel directed them at himself as well, Garfiel felt an unpleasant sensation in his chest.

Garfiel: [Bastard, why’d’ya got the nerve to be rottin’ away like that. You’re still livin’. Then…]

Heinkel: [——. I wonder, why am I still alive?]

Garfiel: [——Hk, Ya really dare to say that in front of the person who saved ya?]

Heinkel continued to grumble words of self-abandonment which invited Garfiel’s wrath.

At Garfiel’s response, Heinkel glanced at him and muttered “Ah”, as if realizing it for the first time.

Heinkel: [Now that you mention it, you were the one that healed me. Be careful next time.]

Garfiel: [Aah!?]

Heinkel: [Don’t miss the opportunity to abandon the guys you hate to spare yourself from future troubles.]

Heinkel gave a spineless chuckle as he asserted so.

The moment he heard that, Garfiel felt the sensation of his vision being stained a deep red, and he found himself clutching the man’s collar and scowling at his face reeking of liquor from a close proximity.

He heard a light smashing sound of a liquor bottle shattering by his feet.

That was because Garfiel had seized him by the collar, and lifted his body up through sheer force, causing the liquor bottle, with its contents still remaining, to fall from Heinkel’s hand to the bottom of the ramparts.

Following the fallen liquor bottle with his gaze, Heinkel heaved a sigh.

Heinkel: [That’s just a waste, isn’t it?]

Garfiel: [Bastard, is that all ya got t’say?]

Without resisting, Heinkel turned his lethargic eyes towards Garfiel.

His blue eyes, bereft of spirit, were of the same origin as that of both Reinhard, whom Garfiel had spoken to, and Wilhelm, whom he had gone under the gaze of.

Nonetheless, Garfiel could hardly believe that they were the same.

Just how could human eyes become so dull?

The emotions whirling in the utmost depths of those two eyes, over just how many months and years had they been degraded for?

Garfiel: [The fuck’s with that? Why’re ya lookin’ at me like that?]

Heinkel said that he had displeased Priscilla, having suffered a loss against a Divine General.

The truth of the matter was unclear, but Garfiel believed that it was far too inconsiderate to blame someone for lacking the power to be able to put up a good fight against a Divine General.

At least, that was Garfiel’s perspective, who had not arrived in time to have a chance to fight.

At Garfiel’s gaze and words, Heinkel’s eyes wavered slightly.

His eyes, which had not even been focused on Garfiel, the man right in front of him, finally connected with Garfiel so that he was clearly reflected in them.

And then——,

Heinkel: [——My wife…]

Regardless of the fact that he had just been gulping down alcohol, the lips of Heinkel, spilling out that hoarse voice, were parched.

But, when he finally received words that held meaning, Garfiel clenched his molars, and decided he would hear what the wavering man had to say beyond that.

However, the words Garfiel expected, yet again were not heard.

Heinkel: [——Ah.]

Garfiel: [Oi?]

Still being clutched by the collar, Heinkel’s eyes lost focus of Garfiel once more. His gaze went past Garfiel, and directed themselves towards what lay behind him.

Garfiel thought that was frustrating and irritating, however,

Heinkel: [It’s a horse carriage.]

Garfiel could not help but turn around, at the words that had been spoken.

Garfiel: [————]

Since he was grabbing Heinkel, Garfiel’s back was facing the south side of the city—— from beyond that horizon, there was indeed a small contour that could be seen approaching their direction.

Straining his eyes, even Garfiel was unable to tell if it was a dragon carriage or a horse carriage, but if he believed Heinkel when he called it a “horse carriage”, that was——,

Heinkel: [——Hah, so it’s the honored return of the bunch who went out.]

Through different words, Heinkel affirmed the thoughts of Garfiel, the latter catching his breath.

The contour was still only the size of a fingernail, but its outline was becoming slightly more visible; that might be the carriage that the person whom Garfiel was eagerly waiting and searching for was riding in.

Heinkel: [Oi, let go of me, brat.]

Garfiel’s eyes sparkled with anticipation and excitement, an air of liquor-reeking breaths hanging over him. A frown crossed his face as he looked in front of him and was greeted by Heinkel’s sullen look.

The profile of a man who was just about to speak from his heart was no longer there, and all that was left was the face of a hateful man, spewing disgusting and reckless remarks to those around him.

The moment he realized that, Heinkel tilted his neck and broke free from Garfiel’s hands.

Garfiel felt that was both an escape physically, and an escape emotionally. What should have been caught by the tips of his fingers, had coldly slipped away.

Heinkel: [The person you’re waiting for seems to be coming. Why don’t you hurry up and go meet them?]

Garfiel: […Bastard, you…]

Heinkel: [I’ll serve my duty as a lookout. My job is to report it if I see something after all. Even if I’m drunk, I can at least do that much… Though it’s probably not going to score me many points.]

With a wave of his hand, Heinkel drunkenly staggered as he turned his back to Garfiel.

For a moment, he hesitated if he should call out to that back to try to stop him, but in the end no words came out. Just as Heinkel had pointed out, Garfiel’s heart had already started to get impatient.

As soon as possible, he wanted to rush over to the contour approaching from beyond the horizon.

Heinkel: [It’d be tragic to miss the opportunity, wouldn’t it? Those final words, you’ll end up chasing them endlessly.]

Leaving just those words behind, Heinkel jumped off of the ramparts before Garfiel. Surprisingly landing safely inside the city, he headed for the center of the city.

That final comment, the earnest emotion contained therein, Heinkel had asserted that they would stab into Garfiel’s heart like a thorn.

However——,

Garfiel: [Now is——]

Shelving the existence of that thorn for now, Garfiel jumped down the opposite side of the ramparts that Heinkel had.

Landing outside of the city, Garfiel stretched out his bent knees and broke out into a vigorous sprint. His legs kicking off the ground like explosions, faster than even the wind, he ran directly for the oncoming contour.

Garfiel: [Captain…!]

Through the crevices in his sharp fangs, Garfiel’s unbearably deep emotions leaked out.

It was intimidating to consider the feelings of Emilia, Beatrice, Petra, and the others, but Garfiel was also one of the people who had been earnestly awaiting a reunion with Subaru.

That was why, transforming his feelings of excitement into running strength, he headed for the carriage at a breakneck pace.

Just a little further, just a few dozen more seconds of running, he would be reunited with Subaru, and——,

Garfiel: [——Ah?]

And so, those overflowing expectations turned to unexpected feelings of confusion.

His speed, fast enough to leave the wind behind, came to slow down, and before long the wind overtook him. On the contrary, he became fast enough to leave everything except the wind behind, and finally came to a standstill.

In Garfiel’s trembling emerald eyes, the single carriage that had come from beyond the horizon—— no, the multitudes of carriages and ox carts that were approaching were reflected.

Garfiel: [Th-this is…]

Hoping that he would be able to meet Subaru without hesitation, Garfiel blinked his eyes.

Considering the purpose for which Subaru and the others had departed from the fortified city, the current view was indeed one of the possibilities, but at that time, Garfiel had not thought that far ahead.

In any case, stopping in its tracks before the overwhelmed Garfiel, at the head of the convoy heading down the road towards the city, was the carriage drawn by an excellent Galewind Horse which he had brazenly arrived at.

And then——,

???: [——You, what are you fooling about for. If you are a messenger of the city, surely there is something you ought to be doing.]

So, examining his expression, the man in the Oni mask caused Garfiel to catch his breath.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [You must be exhausted, Miss Frederica.]

At the aroma of the tea being gently offered to her tired and thirsty self, Frederica looked at the person’s face with faint surprise.

A smile on his gentle face, he who showed appreciation for Frederica was a man whose point of view was close to the ground.

By nature, Frederica, who was tall in stature, often surpassed men in height, but even disregarding that, the one in front of her was a short person of a small build―― however, over the course of several days, Frederica had recognized that in contrast to his height, he had a large heart, and possessed good will.

Frederica: [――Zikr-sama, I accept your consideration with gratitude.]

At the top floor of the City Hall, amidst the busy people, the man―― Zikr Osman, had personally brewed her tea, and she accepted it with gratitude.

As the soft, warmth-infused scent crept into her nostrils, Frederica could not help but smile.

Originally, such a role should have been the responsibility of Frederica, who was a maid. However, Frederica’s current position in the Empire made her hesitant to engage in the work that had been ingrained in her over the years.

Ostensibly, Frederica’s role in the Empire appeared to be as a guard of dignitaries―― in hindsight, since Otto and Garfiel’s roles were the same, there had been no need for Frederica to leave her role as maid, but it was too late to change things.

That was why, accepting the goodwill offered by the commander who despite being burdened with responsibilities in this place had personally brewed her tea, she quietly concentrated on gently hydrating her tongue and throat.

In fact, as might be expected of him for taking the initiative, Zikr’s tea-brewing ability was quite magnificent.

Frederica: [For a General of the Empire, you seem to be very talented at this kind of thing.]

Zikr: [Haha, I am honored by your praise. However, I am unable to bear responsibility for the taste of the other Generals’ tea. In my case, I was trained by the many older and younger sisters of my family.]

Frederica: [Well. If that is the case, I must thank Zikr-sama’s esteemed elder and younger sisters. Even in such a hectic situation, we can still enjoy the taste of tea.]

Zikr: [Indeed, you never know what will be useful in this world… Of course, my enthusiasm in being prepared is more for a beauty like you, Miss Frederica, than for my own family.]

There was no ulterior motive in Zikr’s casual repartee, and Frederica naturally accepted his praise.

Those words were not falsehoods, perhaps it was the influence of having spent time with so many sisters. His admiration for women was so deep and reverential that it was almost embarrassing.

At first, when told that the personage who took the name of The Womanizer was the head representative of the city, Frederica had been quite nervous and wary of the situation.

Frederica: [I would be troubled should something happen to Emily, Lady Petra, or Lady Beatrice.]

However, that concern had been dispelled upon meeting with Zikr in person.

The fact that they had been involved in lifesaving efforts in the city, which had fallen into turmoil after the devastation of the flying dragon cataclysm probably had some influence, but Zikr and the others had willingly taken in Fredrica and her group.

She was also grateful for Otto’s decision to speak with city representatives the moment he arrived in the city.

Frederica: [I heard that he wooed Mizelda-san as soon as he met her, Otto-sama is truly reliable during times like these.]

If Otto himself had been listening, he would have said, “I think that is somewhat misleading!” as his voice quavered; while thinking this, Frederica nodded quietly.

Although she thought of him that way, Frederica was helped considerably by Otto’s presence.

The responsibility of the two senior members of Emilia’s group, Frederica and Otto, was quite heavy. ――After all, Roswaal and Ram were off doing something separately.

Frederica: [――――]

In the search for the whereabouts of Subaru and Rem within the Empire, it had been decided that the group smuggling themselves into the country would split up into two.

The split groups consisted of Roswaal and Ram, as well as the six including Frederica and the others.

After separating from Emilia’s group, which was searching for Subaru and his group through steadily asking around, the pair of Roswaal and Ram headed for an Imperial Noble with whom Roswaal was acquainted.

Frederica had never imagined that his reach extended to the Empire, although Roswaal was originally unable to make contact with this person whom he was close with.

In any case, with the choice to rely on his acquaintance, Roswaal headed there for negotiations, while Frederica and the others began to search for the whereabouts of the two people in a different direction.

As a result, the roles of Frederica and Otto had inevitably become more important.

Frederica: [Although, Emilia-sama seemed to be rousing herself up to do her best.]

Frederica’s lips parted at the thought of Emilia’s enthusiasm, overflowing with motivation and responsibility at the fact that she was the most senior member.

If one strictly applied seniority to the Emilia camp, the utmost seniors would be Puck and Beatrice, followed by Emilia.

Having been separated from Subaru, it had become difficult for Beatrice to replenish her mana, and she was thus in a state of “Eko-mode” to keep her usage within limits, spending most of the day sleeping. That was why Emilia, the next oldest, was inspired to do her best. [2]

Of course, the final decision had been left to Emilia, but the discussions leading up to that point had been carefully considered mainly between Frederica, Otto, and Petra.

The reason they had traveled to the fortified city was because of a rumor so incredible that she had doubted her ears.

Frederica: [A rebel army rising against the Empire, and the black-haired maiden who is supporting its ringleader…]

When Frederica had heard her name was “Natsumi Schwartz”, she had been unable to grasp its meaning, and her thoughts had come to a complete halt.

Frederica had also wondered if someone with the same name as the one she had previously heard of also unexpectedly existed in the Empire.

Frederica: [If Otto-sama had not recognized the true intention behind it, I wonder if I would have been able to realize it.]

Ultimately, it had been Otto who had explained that the name of the person being propagated through rumors was a message from Subaru.

Otto: [After all, that man has a tendency to think that cross-dressing is an all-purpose solution… In fact, I am afraid that it might encourage him to assume that it might be considerably useful.]

That had been Otto’s response, with a face somewhere between exasperation and acceptance.

The group had more or less concluded that since Subaru’s position in the Kingdom of Lugunica was known, he had taken measures to avoid having his name brought up within the Vollachian Empire.

By the end, only Emilia had been left tilting her head in confusion at the fact that the name of a woman she knew was being used, “Why, Natsumi’s name…?”.

In any case――,

Zikr: [It will not be long before Miss Natsumi will be back. Finally, Miss Emily and Miss Petra’s wishes will be fulfilled.]

Frederica: [――Yes, absolutely.]

Zikr gave a nod to Frederica, who was engrossed in her thoughts while enjoying her tea’s aroma.

Just as he said, their reunion with the two people they were searching for―― or at the very least, their reunion with Subaru was expected to come true in the not-too-distant future.

Frederica and her friends had been correct in assuming that the name Natsumi Schwartz was a message, and Subaru had indeed been confirmed to have been present in this fortified city.

The problem was that after he had left the city to resolve another matter, another situation had befallen Rem, the other person they were in search of――,

Zikr: […If only we had been able to protect Miss Rem.]

Frederica: [That was the extent of the situation. There is no reason to blame you, Zikr-sama, nor anybody else. Though, I certainly do regret the outcome.]

Frederica loosely shook her head at the words of Zikr, whose eyes were downcast.

When Frederica and the others had arrived at the city, it had not only been Subaru who had been missing, but also Rem. On top of that, Rem had disappeared in the midst of the flying dragon cataclysm.

It was said that, in order to make the Divine General assailing the city withdraw, she had made herself a hostage.

Frederica: [――. As soon as you wake up, I would be convinced that you were Ram’s younger sister.]

While she worried about Rem, Frederica lips spoke of such sentiments.

Frederica did not remember Rem, whose “name” and “memories” were stolen by the Authority of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony. At least, she had no memories of her being awake.

All Frederica knew was what Subaru had told her about Rem’s personality and that she looked exactly like her twin sister, Ram. However, it seemed that she was also bold and daring like Ram.

Otherwise, she probably would never have been able to negotiate with one of the Nine Divine Generals and save a city which had its very existence in jeopardy.

Frederica: [――――]

Then having accepted her negotiations, the other party had a reason to keep Rem alive.

Having considered it logically, that belief had been their sole salvation. If it had not been for that, Frederica and the others would have immediately pursued the whereabouts of the now missing Rem.

Of course, to tell the truth, she still could not help but to want to rush after her.

Frederica: [If Ram had been there, she would have… No, that girl is clever, she probably would not have done that.]

It was hard to judge which option Ram would have taken, in the opinion of Frederica, who was well acquainted with her.

Ram was wise. But at the same time, she also had a deep love. Frederica knew that she had been visiting her younger sister’s room as much, if not more, than Subaru, who had visited Rem every night.

She had wanted to reunite them. ――After all, no matter how brash she was, Ram was her beloved protegee.

Zikr: [Miss Frederica, please do not worry too much about it. Conditions in the city have calmed down for the time being. Finally, we can begin to talk about the future.]

As Frederica gently placed her hand on her chest, Zikr spoke as such out of consideration for her.

As he said, the scars left by the flying dragons that had attacked the fortified city had finally been patched up, and the conditions were now suitable for discussing what to do in the future. Of course, what happened next would depend on the direction of the discussions, but――,

???: [――General Second-Class Zikr!]

It was at the moment Frederica was about to reply to Zikr’s statement.

A sharp voice strained with deep emotion that was something different to being cornered, and reverberated through the City Hall. Running up the staircase, and rushing towards them was one of Zikr’s subordinates.

Zikr turned to him and said, “What is it?” as the man placed his fist in front of his chest, and,

Subordinate: [We have a report. Numerous carriages are arriving on the south side of the city, all from the Demon City.]

Frederica: [――! From the Demon City. Then…!]

Involuntarily, Frederica proactively reacted to the report to Zikr. Normally, her embarrassment would have outweighed her reaction, but at this moment, that did not bother her in the slightest.

Zikr nodded deeply at Frederica’s enthusiasm, and,

Zikr: [Have they returned? As expected, you are an ally with impeccable timing. Call Miss Priscilla, Miss Petra and the others at once.]

Subordinate: [Yessir!]

Frederica’s heart pounded at the good news that the person she had been waiting for had returned.

Her somber feelings of concern for Rem’s safety had considerably improved from just before. At least for the time being, she thought that with this, half of their objective should have been fulfilled.

Zikr: [Everything is well, Miss Frederica.]

Zikr gently smiled at Frederica, who stroked her chest in relief.

At his words, Frederica tried to thank him with an “Indeed”.

However――,

Subordinate: [――General Second-Class, the truth is, about that…]

Frederica’s words were interrupted by those of the Imperial Soldier. Furthermore, as he began to speak with a tinge of unease, Frederica held her breath.

Zikr seemed to feel the same concern and turned to his subordinate, who had spoken in a low voice, and questioned “What’s wrong?” as the tone of his voice lowered.

In response, the subordinate slightly hesitated, and then――,

Subordinate: [The carriage has returned from the Demon City, but Miss Natsumi Schwartz is not present… they say that they lost track of her whereabouts in Chaosflame.]

Indeed, it was a cruel declaration that the twists of fate would continue once more.

Translation notes:

[1] A bit of clarification here on why this is capitalized: the word “dragon”, in Re: Zero, is written in Japanese in two ways. For the first, the character “竜” is used to signify “dragon”, which is what is used for ground dragons (地竜), water dragons (水竜) and flying dragons (飛竜). For the second, the character “龍” is used, and this is employed for dragons taken as more powerful, such as the Blight Dragon Valgren and the Divine Dragon Volcanica.

[2] ショウエネ is translated as “Eko-mode”, the original Japanese is closer to a corruption of the term used for “energy conservation” (省エネ), hence why the misspelling.

--- Chapter 78: A Volatile Reunion ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Breathing deeply, she ran as if flying, doing her best to not shake the head of the girl held in her arms.

A caravan of wagons had arrived on the south side of the city, and the moment Emilia had overheard that so many had arrived from the Demon City Chaosflame, her silver hair had danced in anticipation of her long-awaited reunion.

Emilia: [Very soon, we’ll meet Subaru, Beatrice…!]

The girl she held in her arms, who had been asleep with closed eyelids―― Beatrice.

In order to wake up the girl, who had been sleeping for a long time to avoid exhausting her mana, it was absolutely necessary for her to make contact with Subaru, whom she had a contract with, so that she could receive her mana supply from him.

Subaru also needed Beatrice to take his mana or he would be in trouble, so the two were truly intertwined with the same fate.

Their relationship, which usually appeared to be one in which they always got along endearingly, hand in hand, meant serious trouble now that Subaru had been flung off into the Empire and separated from them.

Subaru and Beatrice had to be reunited as soon as possible.

And in addition――,

Emilia: [――Subaru.]

Emilia herself wanted to make sure Subaru was safe as soon as possible, even if only by one second.

She hadn’t felt this restless since Puck unilaterally violated the contract and disappeared on his own accord―― no, it was more than that.

Puck may have been fine on his own, but Subaru was not.

Someone who was able to understand Subaru should be there for him.

Emilia: [Ughhh, I’m sorry!]

Opening her eyes, Emilia took a shortcut to the front of the City Hall.

Although she should have entered through the doorway and then climbed the stairs to the top, her impatience was such that she instead formed a pillar made of ice. Riding atop the ice formation rising from the ground, Emilia, holding Beatrice, rose all at once to the top of the building.

It startled the guards and the townspeople, but she couldn’t resist.

Now, finally――,

Emilia: [Subaru!]

???: [Huh, Emily ?]

When the ice elevator reached the top floor’s height, Emilia jumped from there to the building.

When she landed and looked up, she saw that a decent number of people had already gathered in City Hall, and everyone seemed surprised by Emilia’s sudden appearance.

In the midst of all this, it was Mizelda, a girl with a prosthetic leg who left a strong visual impression, and also the one that brought together the People of Shudraq, who accepted Emilia’s appearance with a sense of ease.

She poked the floor with the tip of her wooden leg and looked at the icey pillar behind Emilia, then,

Mizelda: [You use magic very conveniently . You are so different from us .]

Emilia: [Mhm, I was in a reaaally big hurry, so I went to… Oh, I’m sorry I startled you! I’ll dispel it in a second!]

At Mizelda’s impressed reaction, Emilia hurriedly dissolved the ice into mana.

In the Kingdom, it was rather common to do various things with magic, but in the Empire, it seemed as if there were not so many magic users. Considering how many people were said to want to fight in the Empire, it felt weird.

Mizelda: [Most of the time , if you hit them before they use magic , it’s the end for them .]

Emilia: [I do know that. But that’s only if you’re close by, not far away.]

Mizelda: [When you’re far away , that’s when my bow comes in . Taritta is better with the bow than I am , though .]

At the smiling Mizelda, Emilia returned a smile, with a “that’s right”.

The name “Taritta”, which she heard several times, must have been the name of Mizelda’s little sister. Taritta, who was apparently Mizelda’s pride and joy, had been with the group that left Guaral for the Demon City in the southeast――,

Emilia: [――! That’s right. The people who went south are back, right?]

For a moment, her mind drifted elsewhere, but that was the reason Emilia had rushed over in such a big hurry using her magic in the first place.

Holding Beatrice closer to her chest, Emilia surveyed the hall on the top floor.

The fact that there were people in unusual travel clothes amongst the crowd proved that the group who had arrived at the Fortress City while traveling by horse and carriage were here.

In the midst of it all――,

Emilia: [Subaru, are you there!? We’re all here to pick you up! Otto and Petra-san… Lady Petra will be here soon!]

She looked around, searching for the long-awaited black-haired boy in the crowd.

When Emilia heard at the house in which they had been staying that a carriage had arrived, she picked Beatrice up in her arms and hurried to the City Hall ahead of Petra and Otto.

They also would be running to the City Hall to meet Subaru in a big hurry.

Knowing she felt the same way as those two, but still running ahead while gasping for breath, Emilia knew she was unjust. Even so, she wanted to meet Subaru as soon as possible.

Beatrice was the same too, but Emilia had her own reasons to see Subaru――,

Emilia: [――Hk, Subaru!]

Suddenly, her shoulder having been tapped from behind, Emilia reacted as if she had been flicked away.

It was so sudden that the person who had tapped her on the shoulder became startled and widened their eyes. However, the surprised person in front of her was not Subaru.

???: [Emily…]

Emilia: [Frederica… You got here first. Um, well.]

It was kind of awkward, and Emilia didn’t know what expression to put on her face.

Of course, Frederica was also worried about Subaru, so it was no surprise that she arrived at City Hall first.

Emilia: [Well, did you get to talk to Subaru? Look, I want to take Beatrice to see him. I, too, would like to talk to Subaru, but Beatrice first…]

Frederica: [――. There is something I must tell you.]

Emilia: [Huh?]

Frederica lowered the corners of her beautiful emerald green eyes and spoke in a somber voice to Emilia, who was sweating and talking as if looking for excuses.

She did not know why Frederica had such an attitude.

Emilia: [Ah, Garfiel…]

Upon looking, it was not only Frederica, but also Garfiel who had arrived at City Hall earlier. When Petra and the others arrived a little later, all of Emilia’s companions who had come to Guaral would be present.

All of them would greet the previously separated Subaru.

Or so Emilia was hoping, but――,

Frederica: [Unfortunately, Subaru-sama has gone missing again, in the Demon City of Chaosflame… Subaru-sama was not among those who returned via carriage.]

Thus, Frederica painfully conveyed such a heartbreaking report.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [What do you mean, big bro and Rem-chan were taken away!?]

Widening her big round eyes, the girl shouted as she stomped her feet with a pitter-patter.

She was a golden-haired girl with a strange hairstyle of braids, ties, and various knots. The girl, who appeared twelve or thirteen years old, was taking a look at the adults around her with a face filled with bewilderment.

Gathered in the spacious room of the uppermost floor of the Fortress City of Guaral’s City Hall, were those who had been assigned various roles within the commotion of this city, or rather, this Empire.

In the middle of such turmoil, Otto Suwen felt like hugging his head due to the fact that they had somehow been caught up in it.

Although, this was in front of the people who hoisted flags depicting a wolf pierced by swords. Believing that it would be unthinkable to show such a weak attitude, he kept his expression stiffened.

Strange-hair Girl: [I’ve come back and now the city’s a mess, the walls are missing as well, it’s a disaster! Among other things, big bro and Rem-chan aren’t here, I’m startled and I feel dizzy!]

???: [Aa, uu!]

Just as she said this, the girl’s eyeballs and head spun round and round as she frustratedly stomped. And to her side was a separate girl of about the same age, in order to follow suit, this young girl with blonde hair began to groan.

The adults looked puzzled and perplexed by the girls’ two-person appeal.

The situation called for someone to take the lead, but Otto was wondering whether he should step in as he felt overwhelmed by a mysterious unease that prevented him from moving.

Otto: […Um, have I seen this groaning girl somewhere?]

Next to the girl who took the initiative to speak, Otto could not help but feel that the girl who did not utter a meaningful word was somehow familiar to him.

Although Otto was generally careful not to forget people with whom he had exchanged words, his memory of times when he drank too much were vague. Since he started working in the Emilia Camp, he tried to avoid getting so drunk that he would lose his memory, but he wondered whether this was a child he came across in an inebriated mood.

Strange-hair Girl: [Hey, how’s big bro and Rem-chan doing? Does anyone know…]

Zikr: [――Before I go any further, may I make one thing clear, young lady?]

Strange-hair Girl: [Hmm? What’s that, Zikr-chin?]

While Otto was lost in thought, it was Zikr, the city’s representative, who approached the girl.

Otto had already exchanged words with him many times, and he regarded him as a trustworthy partner. Just the fact that he was someone he could communicate with in the Empire made him a rare find.

Zikr raised his thick eyebrows and looked at the girl from top to bottom,

Zikr: [If there is no mistake in my perception, is this young lady definitely Miss Medium?]

Medium: [Huh? Of course, what’s wrong? You can tell just by seeing.]

Louis: [Uu!]

The girl with her hands on her hips and her chest puffed out―― she was called Medium, and next to her, who nodded her head, the girl he could not remember had taken the same posture.

At these words, Zikr looked at the person next to Medium with a troubled countenance.

And――,

Zikr: [――Abel-dono, this is…]

Abel: [It is due to Olbart Dunkelkenn’s technique. The reason why her reply was off the mark was because of her original education, not because of this condition.]

Zikr: [I see. General First-Class Olbart’s technique… I am very glad you are unharmed.]

Abel: [If you are capable of calling this unharmed, that is.]

After hearing the explanation, Zikr gently put his hand on his chin and looked as if pondering. Having clarified this for Zikr, Abel calmly folded his arms and glanced at Medium.

Abel: [The ones that stayed behind are astonished. To see that you have shrunk, that is.]

Medium: [Me? …Ah! I see! Sorry, sorry everyone! I was so used to being shrunk, but now I’m tiny! Together with Subaru-chin!]

With a small body, Medium raised her hand and explained her situation. Even having heard that, Otto couldn’t come to grips with it at all, but the original imperial group seemed somewhat convinced.

This side, while confused and unable to deny that they did not know enough, thought that, more importantly, there was something in what she just said that Otto and his friends couldn’t miss.

???: [――Subaru]

Louis: [Uau…]

And at the same time, a faint whisper was uttered, probably with the same meaning.

It was the girl with a downcast face next to Medium who put a tone into the sound that was clearly differentiated from the groan that had come before. And the one who emitted the sound that had the same connotation as that of the girl was,

Emilia: [Are you worried about Subaru, too?]

Yes, it was Emilia who lowered her eyebrows at the girl’s appearance.

Emilia, with Beatrice sleeping in her arms, was one of those who was particularly disappointed to hear that Subaru was not in the group returning from Demon City.

Compared to her and Petra, it would be presumptuous to call Otto’s feelings disappointment. But it wasn’t because he had a premonition that it might not be so easy to meet again.

In any case――,

Louis: [Uu, aau.]

Emilia: [No, I don’t think it’s your fault. I’m reaaally disappointed that Subaru isn’t here, but this is no time to mope around. Subaru has been through so much more.]

Louis: [Uu…]

Emilia: [You’re worried about me? Thank you. I know you’ve been through a lot, too.]

The depressed looking girl and Emilia were communicating with each other in this way.

The words spilling out of the girl’s mouth had no clear meaning, but Emilia looked her in the eyes and exchanged words as if she understood what they meant.

That in itself attested to the heartbroken Emilia’s determination, and it was an exchange that Otto couldn’t help but feel relieved about. However――,

Abel: [――I never expected that Natsuki Subaru’s companions would come all the way here to visit.]

It was a voice that blew through the hall like a cold, dry wind.

Emilia lifted her gaze and turned towards the person who had spoken with that voice―― the man with the Oni mask on his face who had just exchanged words with Zikr and Medium.

Emilia’s amethyst eyes narrowed at the sight of the dark-haired man with the Oni mask covering his face.

Emilia: [Are you a friend of Subaru, too?]

Abel: [I have no friends. Nor does he think of me in that way. Our relationship is one where we are together while working towards a goal.]

Emilia: [So, you’re a comrade. He called you Abel, could you be the person Zikr-san was talking about earlier?]

The man’s response was stiff and sharp, but Emilia was unfazed and turned to Zikr. In response to her question, Zikr straightened his back while stating, “Yes”.

Zikr: [This is the one who is in the position to lead us, Abel-dono. I was only entrusted with the city under his direction.]

Abel: [Speaking of which, there certainly has been a lot of wear and tear.]

Zikr: […For that, I am truly ashamed.]

With a grimace, Zikr bowed deeply to the man―― to Abel over the damage the city had suffered.

Instead of dissatisfaction with unreasonable reprimands, Zikr’s bitter face was filled with remorse at his own inability to do his job.

Otto, who was present at the actual scene, thought that Zikr and everyone else in the city did their best to prevent it from being completely destroyed, but――,

Medium: [Abel-chin, don’t say mean things like that! Everyone tried their hardest!]

Abel: [Even so, are you not angry as well, having had your brother taken away from you?]

Medium: [Big bro worked so hard he was taken! If big bro hadn’t been taken away, we would’ve been in big trouble! That’s my big bro! Even taken away, big bro is so cool!]

It was Medium who took a vigorous swipe at Abel’s statement.

Judging from the flow of the conversation, her brother was probably the male peddler who had been kidnapped alongside Rem. Mizelda had said that he was a gentle and friendly lady-killer.

According to other stories by Kuna and Holly, that man and Rem both being taken was the decisive factor causing the enemy, a member of the “Nine Divine Generals”, to withdraw the flying dragons.

In other words, Medium’s remarks about her brother were not far off the mark.

Abel, who had just returned from Demon City, had no way of knowing about this situation――,

Abel: [Zikr.]

Zikr: [Sir.]

Abel: [Disregard what I previously said. From the beginning, you were dealing with Madelyn Eschart and a group of flying dragons. You deserve recognition for your work in a situation where the city may have needed to be abandoned.]

Zikr: [――! I am honored.]

The words that continued without hesitation were not the result of being struck by Medium’s persuasion.

From the start, these words were already prepared to be said to Zikr. From the very beginning, he had no intention of blaming him for the damage suffered by Guaral.

Medium: […Abel-chin, your personality is awful!]

Louis: [Uu!]

Abel: [Stop.]

Medium and the girl attacked Abel from both sides as he stood with his arms crossed. Abel gave a short rebuke as the two of them clung to him, pulling his sleeves and poking him in the waist.

One could get a rough idea of their relationship over there――,

???: [――So? When are we going to progress on this?]

Meanwhile, the woman who had been quietly watching the developments finally moved her lips.

It was a fox-eared beauty with a presence terribly out of place and an excessively glamorous personality―― in a sense, a person who, just by being there, one could not help but be aware of; like Emilia, who had uncommon beauty and Abel, whose eccentric Oni mask was eye-catching.

It was obvious even if not explicitly stated.

She was the reason why Abel and Medium left the walled city for the Demon City, Chaosflame.

???: [General First-Class Yorna Mishigure.]

Who muttered these words?

Perhaps someone in the room called out the name. However since no one voiced a correction, it was self-evident that it was correct.

――Yorna Mishigure.

She is the ruler of the Demon City, Chaosflame, and a member of the “Nine Divine Generals”, the most powerful military officers in the Empire.

Having her on their side will be a major boon that would shake up the state of this broad Empire.

The journey on which Subaru went missing was originally intended to recruit her.

Zikr: [General First-Class Yorna, first of all, I would like to thank you for your visit. I am Zikr Osman, a General Second-Class of the Vollachian Empire.]

Yorna: [I have heard your name along the way. In person, you seem to be a good-looking man as Medium and Taritta said.]

Zikr: [Miss Medium and Miss Taritta?]

Zikr, who had begun speaking sternly, blinked at Yorna’s response.

This was not the time for this, but his gaze turned to Medium and another tall woman. The brown-skinned woman in male attire, she was probably Taritta, the topic of discussion.

The two responded to Zikr’s gaze with a smile and a nod. Zikr, who was known as the “Womanizer” for his gentle, manly behavior, may have been embarrassed but he seemed very happy.

With a cough, he cleared his throat as if to calm his emotions,

Zikr: [So, would General First-Class Yorna be willing to fight alongside Abel-dono?]

Yorna: [You may think of it that way. I have my own agenda, but my interests… are aligned with Abel’s.]

Abel: [It is settled. There is no issue in the pact with Yorna Mishigure.]

Yorna wore a luxurious kimono and held a golden kiseru in her hand. Although her previous reputation gave the impression that she was quite a worrisome woman, her demeanor was calm and collected.

Otto’s group had heard that Chaosflame had been severely damaged.

That is why a huge caravan of carriages arrived at Guaral, and why they had to accommodate such a large number of people at once.

And in the midst of all the devastation that the Demon City suffered――,

???: [――Subaru was sent somewhere.]

???: [――――]

It was Emilia, with a voice that sounded like a silver bell, who broke into the conversation.

Entering the story from a different angle, Abel’s gaze through the Oni mask turned towards Emilia. Emilia didn’t flinch, despite the obvious unwelcoming gaze.

Beatrice was in her arms, Petra and Frederica stood quietly by her side, and Garfiel had a stern look on his face. Otto may have contributed a little to that as well.

Indeed, Emilia’s statement may just be some noise to them.

However, they had their own circumstances. It would be a problem if the conversation proceeded while ignoring them, who had rushed across the border to reach there.

Emilia: [Once more, let’s start over from the beginning. ――I am Emily, and you are Abel, right? Subaru’s friend… No, his comrade.]

Abel: [――. Yes.]

Emilia: [Subaru had gone to another city with you… Well, to Yorna-san’s and then something terrible happened and you got separated. Is that right?]

Yorna: [Yes, that’s right. Something terrible doesn’t quite cut it, though.]

Both Abel and Yorna nodded at Emilia, which raised her well-shaped eyebrows as she confirmed what had just been described. After receiving their reactions, especially Yorna’s words, Emilia accepted them with an open heart and said, “That’s right.”.

From the perspective of the parties involved, the superficial words of an outsider could be offensive, and Emilia, too, was careful to choose her words with care, knowing that her words fell into that category.

Emilia: [You couldn’t say where Subaru got whisked away to after getting separated from the rest of the group. Even though everyone searched, you could not find him, and there were many people without homes. So, that is why you came back to this city like this and we are discussing this here… Is that right?]

Abel: [There is nothing to correct. Still, that was a tragedy of that magnitude. Considering the scale of it, it’s hard to believe that the missing person is safe――]

Emilia: [――Subaru is fine. That’s for sure.]

Emilia interrupted Abel, speaking up in a low but powerful voice.

The trust in her voice made Abel’s black eyes narrow through the Oni mask. Abel’s eyes, tinged with deep thought, sought the basis of Emilia’s remark.

Sure enough, Abel took a pause and then asked Emilia, “What makes you so sure?”.

Abel: [You do not know the details of what transpired within the Demon City. Under such circumstances, disappearing when one wrong move could cost him his life ――How can you be so sure that he would survive in that situation?]

Emilia: [――――]

So far, all Otto and the others had heard were the news of the destruction of Chaosflame and the rumor that it was caused by an unbelievable calamity.

The genuineness of Abel’s words was unknown, and it was impossible to gauge the extent to which he had dramatized the facts. But Otto could be sure that it was not a meaningless bluff.

At the same time, there was a small hitch in the way he spoke.

Abel’s tone was cold, but he could sense his intention to learn more about them. ――No, it was more about finding out about Subaru through Otto and the others.

He seemed to think that Subaru was hiding something from him. If it was about Subaru’s position within the kingdom, they could not carelessly hand over that information.

Otto: [Emily, this is…]

Emilia: [I believe in Subaru, and I believe that Subaru is going to do his best until we get there to get him. No matter how hard things are.]

Fearing leading questions, Otto tried to control the conversation, but Emilia had answered ahead of him. However, it was a statement of trust based on idealism, not a concrete basis.

It was not what Otto feared, nor was it what Abel wanted. So, naturally, Abel was disappointed and lowered his gaze.

Abel: [This is all wishful thinking without any persuasive evidence. Disappointing that this is your rationale.]

Emilia: [Yeah? I think it’s reaaally nice and important for people to believe in me. I feel safe when I can trust someone, and it gives me strength when they trust me. Are you different?]

Abel: [After all, feelings are just feelings. It can hardly be the deciding factor beyond that.]

Emilia’s eyes wavered at Abel’s answer, shaking his head and closing one eye.

Otto missed the opportunity to interject, but that was enough for him to understand that the two were water and oil. That is to say, such was the difference between Emilia, who believed in the value of the heart, and Abel, who did not.

This rift was likely to be a difference in outlook on life and was not likely to be easily bridged.

Therefore――,

Abel: [――No one can say for sure whether Natsuki Subaru is alive or dead. Just because he has always avoided death by a hair’s breadth, there is no guarantee it will be the same this time.]

That affirmation seemed to have been Abel’s conclusion in this conversation.

As Emilia heard that and her lips pursed together,

Emilia: [Do you mean Subaru――]

She quickly looked at Abel and was about to say something.

But, one girl straightened up faster than she could proceed with her words. It was the little girl in Emilia’s arms, who had her eyes closed.

Beatrice: [If you need confirmation that Subaru is alive, Betty has it, in fact.]

Emilia: [Beatrice!]

Frederica: [Sama!]

Embraced within her chest, Beatrice opened her eyes, which had a characteristic pattern to them. Emilia, whose eyes widened, immediately called to her, to which Frederica hurriedly added the honorific title.

Whether or not it was enough to disguise things, Beatrice’s words had a certain effect in attracting Abel’s attention and the attention of others who did not know what was going on.

Abel: [Why is it that you have the certainty of Natsuki Subaru’s being alive or dead?]

Beatrice: [It’s a simple matter, I suppose. It’s because Betty and Subaru are connected by the soul, in fact.]

Yorna: [――Ah, so that’s how it is. If this and that child are deeply connected, I can see the logic behind that.]

Emilia: [Yes, they are in a contractual relationship. That’s why…]

Abel: [This girl is in her debilitated state? That makes sense.]

Despite the lack of a clear explanation, Abel and Yorna were able to figure out the situation.

Revealing the fact that Beatrice was a Spirit was not good for Otto and the others, who had entered the Empire under false identities, but the two in question had likely already realized it.

It was hard to imagine, however, that Abel and his group, whose purpose was to rebel against the Emperor in the Imperial Capital, would do anything about them on the grounds that they have violated the decree of the Empire.

Otto: [If you are convinced, then you understand. Apart from Natsuki-san’s comfort and location, we do have means to confirm whether he is alive or dead. Since Beatrice-sama says so, we can be certain that no matter where… Natsuki-san is alive in the place where he was sent to.]

Yorna: [――Is that so? Then perhaps Tanza will be a little better off.]

Yorna’s eyebrows lowered slightly at Otto’s additional words.

She whispered these words, which seemed to be a person’s name. Someone who lost their life from the way they spoke. ――It would seem that this, too, was not unconnected with the destruction of the Demon City.

To delve into this, though, one would have had to be prepared to venture into Yorna’s world.

Petra: [Um, can we backtrack a bit?]

Emilia: [Petra-chan.]

Frederica: [Sama!]

Suddenly, not wanting to miss the momentary silence, Petra raised her hand and asked for the right to speak; Emilia carelessly called out to her again, and Frederica immediately came to her aid.

With Petra standing proudly beside her, she drew the attention of a group of adults who were strangers to her.

Petra: [Earlier, Medium-chan said that she was made tiny. Is that true?]

Medium: [Ah, yes, it’s true! I used to be really tall! About the same height as that blond boy over there… Umm, no, it was about the same height as that woman!]

Garfiel: [First, why did ya write off my amazin’ self?]

Frederica: [I know what you mean. Although, I am not too happy to hear about my height, either.]

Having been pointed out by Medium, Garfiel and Frederica each responded in turn.

However, Medium’s story was probably true, as no one had refuted it. It’s hard to believe, but apparently something mysterious happened to cause a person’s body to shrink.

Perhaps that meant――

Petra: [Has Subaru been made tiny, too?]

Petra asked in a serious, slightly firm voice.

That was a big question that Otto and the others could not afford to ignore. It would have been difficult enough just to meet up with Subaru, who was sent to the Empire, but they were not expecting a situation in which his body would be shrunken.

Otto, feeling like praying that he had heard wrong, was convinced, however, that his prayer had never been and would never be fully heard.

Not knowing Otto’s feelings, Medium nodded her head lightly and said, “That’s right.”.

Medium: [Subaru-chin is just like me! Maybe a little smaller? Anyway, they made him so tiny! But I heard that Subaru-chin and Yorna-chan beat up Gramps together, so Subaru-chin is amazing!]

Emilia: [Yes, Subaru is amazing!]

Petra: [Yes, Medium-chan is right.]

Beatrice: [Naturally, I suppose. He’s Betty’s partner , in fact!]

While the content itself was difficult to welcome, Medium’s unhesitating praise was music to the ears. In fact, Emilia, Petra, and Beatrice were in a good mood after hearing the praise for Subaru.

Neither Garfiel, Frederica, nor Otto felt bad. They did not, but as that praise was accompanied by unwelcome information, Otto became rather concerned.

Otto: [If Natsuki-san is also shrunken… I guess, he became a child? Not tired of just dressing up as a woman, now he’s becoming a child… infantilized? What a restless person…]

Frederica: [Indeed, pestering Subaru-sama for having a partner is regrettable but… But I’m worried, I can’t let him meet with Clind.]

Otto: [That’s one thing, but I’m sure there are other concerns that are more important…]

By what means was such a phenomenon caused?

Since this event was so far removed from reality, there were concerns about whether or not it could be reversed, and if so, whether or not there would be any after effects. In the worst case scenario, there was even a possibility that Subaru would return to the Kingdom of Lugunica as Emilia’s knight while remaining small.

Otto: [Well, in terms of ability, it’s not much different, anyway.]

Subaru would indeed be outraged were he to hear this, but if they could find him, then this would be acceptable as tolerable damage.

If he could grow up properly from then on, he wouldn’t have too many problems with his relationship with Emilia, a half-elf. She would be able to wait until he got older.

Otto: [I should not… Maybe I am a little out of my depth too.]

It seemed like the order of priorities for concern was in disarray.

For the time being, it was a setback that they could not meet up with Subaru, but thanks to Beatrice, they were now certain about his survival.

Now, with Zikr and the others―― No, if the representative was Abel, they should decide if they wanted to continue this line of cooperation with them or not.

Garfiel: [――Beatrice-sama? Why do ya look so outta it?]

Otto: [――?]

With a hand on his chin, about to consider the options, Otto casually directed his attention to the words uttered by Garfiel.

Garfiel’s gaze turned to Beatrice in Emilia’s arms. She woke up, but wanting to avoid exhaustion, she remained in Emilia’s arms, with her good mood from the earlier praise of Subaru being short-lived, as her eyes widened.

What her trembling eyes were looking at was not Medium.

There was another girl, snuggled up beside her as if they were sisters. Beatrice stared at her, not even having heard her name yet.

Beatrice: […Why are you here, I suppose.]

Louis: [Uu?]

Beatrice: [Answer, in fact! No, do not do anything unnecessary, I suppose!]

Immediately after asking the question in a trembling voice, Beatrice’s voice rose as her expression changed.

At the sound, the little girl who had her head tilted, jumped in surprise, and naturally, Otto and the others were surprised by Beatrice’s reaction.

Otto: [B-Beatrice… sama, what’s wrong? You suddenly yelled at that girl…]

Beatrice: [Yelling is the reasonable thing to do, in fact! Otto! Did you not realize it, I suppose?]

Otto: [Me? What do… ah.]

Faced with that reprimand, something asserted itself in the back of the bewildered Otto’s mind.

At first, when he saw the girl, it was a nagging, nebulous feeling that had been there from the start, but that gradually became clearer and clearer because of Beatrice’s attitude.

Yes, Otto had recognized this girl. A sense of déjà vu that should not have cropped up in the Empire, a place he was visiting for the first time.

Otto: [Unbelievable, she is…]

Otto stared at the girl, as a startling possibility surfaced in his mind.

The possibility that drifted in the air was something that seemed to be placed in the corner of Otto’s hazy memory. At that time, Otto’s leg had been sliced open, and he was slipping in and out of consciousness from the pain and blood loss.

So, although he didn’t see clearly who it was that had done it――

Emilia: [Beatrice, Otto-kun, what is it? Both of you, just looking at that girl…]

Confused by the reaction of Otto and Beatrice, Emilia addresses her without honorifics, but no one complemented her words. And then, that was no longer needed.

That was because there was no reason for the confusion to stay as confusion any longer.

Beatrice: [――It’s Gluttony, in fact.]

Emilia: [Eh…]

Emilia’s eyes widen as Beatrice speaks up in a calm, but hard tone of voice.

However, it was not only Emilia who froze, but everyone else who heard her voice, and it was at this moment that Beatrice’s voice had the attention of everyone in the room.

Therefore, everyone overheard the identity of this little girl.

Beatrice: [That girl is, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony… a girl named Louis Arneb, I suppose.] [1]

△▼△▼△▼△

――The moment Beatrice’s words were uttered, an atmosphere of volatility overtook the room.

Garfiel: [You’ve gotta be kiddin’ me. A Sin Archbishop? What the hell do ya think you’re doin’?]

Understandably, shock, horror, and confusion spread as Beatrice’s words echoed.

That was what the young girl had said. Ordinarily, no adult with sound judgment would accept a thing like that without hesitation. However, that was not the case for Otto and the others.

Naturally Otto, who vaguely recognized the girl’s―― Louis’s appearance, as well the members of the camp who believed Beatrice would not tell a lie, immediately accepted it as a fact.

Accordingly, Garfiel had stepped forward, cracking his knuckles and baring his fangs.

Immediately, Garfiel narrowed the pupils of his green eyes and glared at Louis.

Garfiel: [On top of that, it’s Gluttony? Isn’t that the one who’s been hoggin’ the top spot on our amazin’ selves’ list of bastards to beat up? Is this the way of the Empire!?]

Medium: [W-wait! That’s not right! Louis-chan isn’t a bad girl!]

Blocking Garfiel’s view, Medium spread her arms to protect Louis.

Her wish to protect the girl behind her was commendable, but it was exceedingly unlikely that she could stop Garfiel’s wrath. In the first place――,

Otto: [You say she is not a bad girl, but are you being serious? Just so you know, both of my legs were painfully gouged by her. I still have some garish scars, should I show them to you?]

Medium: [That wasn’t… L-Louis-chan, maybe it was a different girl…]

Otto: [Sorry but, she had clearly introduced herself as such. There were victims other than me… undoubtedly, an incalculable number of them. Some were our friends, and the friends of our allies.]

Medium: [B-but, but but…!]

With her eyes tearing up, Medium desperately searched for some words of rebuttal.

However, whether her intelligence was as childlike as she looked, or even if it was only her appearance that had shrunk, Otto intended to shut down this war of words.

In any case, it was impossible for anyone in the world to defend a Sin Archbishop.

Sin Archbishops and Witch Cultists were abominations of such a degree.

That’s why Emilia, identical in appearance to the Witch of Envy who was the cause of it all, was unable to escape ridicule for her impossible dream.

Medium: [Maybe, Louis-chan was like that before… but Louis-chan is different now!]

Garfiel: [Different from before? What the hell are ya basin’ that on?]

Medium: [Because! She was friends with Big bro, Subaru-chin, and Rem-chan! I’ve been with her this whole time… and she hasn’t done a single bad thing! She didn’t!]

Otto: [――With Natsuki-san?]

Medium’s desperate, futile resistance, shouting as she frantically searched for words, had hit his ears with something strange that was too large to ignore.

Subaru had acted together with Louis. ――Surely it was not because he had not known who Louis was. Subaru should have quickly guessed Louis’s true identity.

Petra: [Otto-san, Subaru couldn’t have gone as far as losing his memory or something right?]

Otto: [For a moment, that fear washed over me, but from what I’ve heard from Mizelda-san and Zikr-san, I think that is not much of a concern.]

To Petra’s anxious words, Otto dismissed his anxieties due to the evidence put forth for consideration.

If it were the case that he had worked together with the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Louis, who was here; a situation where Subaru had been robbed of his “memories” was certainly scary.

Since he remembered Subaru, there was probably no concern that his “name” had been eaten; but whether his “memories” had been was a question of Subaru’s own personal symptoms.

However――,

Emilia: [――The stories of Subaru we’ve heard in this city are still of the Subaru we know. So there’s no need to worry about that, Petra-chan… Petra-sama.]

Petra: [Thank you, Emily.]

At the words of Emilia, who had reached the same conclusion, Petra also finally showed an expression of relief.

Though that was the reasoning for why they could say Subaru’s “memories” had not been eaten, it was hard to say it was a basis for making a decision on how to deal with Louis who was here now.

Of course, there was no denying the question of why Subaru had not done anything about Louis one way or the other, but――,

Otto: [Since it’s Natsuki-san, it probably was not a matter of getting his hands on a young-looking girlfriend or something like that. ――Is it possible he was concerned about the Authority’s nullification requirements?]

Frederica: [We’ve talked about it before. Even if we defeat the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, we don’t have any definite proof that everything that was lost would come back.]

Otto: [It is troublesome, but if that’s the case then it is understandable why he did not act rashly.]

As Garfiel had said, crushing the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony was an ardent wish of theirs, as well as the Royal Candidates, and also for the world, that was hard to let go.

However, this was not because of a simple desire for revenge; their primary goal was the restoration of the damage Gluttony had wrought.

If taking Louis’s life would return the victims of her Authority to how they were before, there would not be a problem.

However, what would they do if the victims were not restored? Subaru might have been wary that if they acted rashly, the way to return the victims to normal may be permanently lost.

Garfiel: [――I know what you’re thinking Ottobro. But that doesn’t mean we hafta let the pipsqueak go free.]

Despite understanding Otto’s thoughts, Garfiel arrogantly declared that.

In truth, he was right. Even though he was afraid that taking her life would eliminate the possibility, it was hard to believe taking her into custody would cause any problems.

Rather, the danger of leaving a Sin Archbishop alone was likely far greater.

Therefore in times like these, Garfiel, who tended to make snap decisions, was reliable.

Bit by bit, Garfiel closed the gap in order to pin down the dangerous Sin Archbishop. At Garfiel’s approach, Louis shrank her small body down with an “Uu.”.

Medium: [Abel-chin! Say something!]

Protecting Louis behind her and facing off against Garfiel, Medium called for Abel.

Abel, who had not interjected during this course of events, turned his attention to Medium’s appeal.

Abel: [What do you want me to say? Handling this is your business.]

Medium: [But, I can’t persuade them well!]

Abel: [Don’t foist the responsibility of your vice on me. After all, it is unneeded.]

Medium’s eyes wavered as she was told it was unnecessary.

Perhaps Abel’s cruel way of speaking had given her the impression that he had forsaken Louis. However, in truth that had not been the case.

Abel had said there was no need for himself to get involved.

Garfiel: [M, My amazin’ self’s not goin’ to go easy on ya even if you’re a woman!]

???: [That’s splendid. Since otherwise, you might end up using my beauty as an excuse for your shoddiness.]

In front of Garfiel, who had paused, Yorna had stepped in directly between them and stood leisurely.

Wearing thick soles on top of being tall to begin with, Yorna looked down on Garfiel, kiseru in hand. Returning her gaze head on, Garfiel fiercely bared his fangs.

Yorna would defend Louis, and had declared her intention to do so.

Since she had originally come to Guaral from the Demon City alongside Louis, they had known she had no intention of eliminating her, but that in itself was hard to believe.

Otto: [I will say it again, but she is a Sin Archbishop. Surely you’re not saying that the horrors of the Witch Cult are not known in the Vollachian Empire?]

Yorna: [We know the deeds of those ruffians, and their repulsiveness. Naturally, we also know the malice of those calling themselves Sin Archbishops.]

Otto: [I hear the wounds of the Fortified City of Garkla still have not healed.]

The large imperial city had been destroyed in a rampage of Greed, a Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult.

The offender, Greed, was defeated in Pristella, but it was common knowledge throughout the world that there was no choice about where the Witch Cult would rampage. Naturally, in the Empire as well.

In spite of that, the fact was that they had left Louis at large.

Otto: [Do you think you can win them over? I have to say that is imprudent.]

Abel: [If something is useful, I shall consider how to use it. It is you people that are severely mistaken in thinking that all would take your side.]

Otto: [――――]

Abel dodged Otto’s questioning, and effortlessly pointed that out condescendingly.

As he had said, the reaction of those gathered on the top floor of City Hall was mixed. Of course there were those who appeared disgusted and hostile upon hearing that Louis was a Sin Archbishop. However, like Medium and Yorna, a considerable number of them showed reluctance towards eliminating Louis.

In particular――,

Mizelda: [――I’ll say this : Subaru and Rem are both our friends . Since they were the ones who brought Louis with them , they are the only two who have the right to decide Louis’s fate. ]

Frederica: [Mizelda-sama…]

Mizelda: [Of course , if the Chieftain disagrees then I will yield. ]

With eyes conveying a strong sense of purpose, and having cast a piercing gaze that way, Mizelda would try to take the side protecting Louis. Frederica, who had had many opportunities to exchange words with her at City Hall, gasped under that strong gaze.

Mizelda was the representative of the Shudraq, and the other Shudraqians would follow her. ――No, more accurately, they would follow the Chieftain who had returned to the city.

The target of Mizelda’s words and gaze was the woman dressed formally in black, who had been entrusted with the decision. Taritta, the new Chieftain of the Shudraq was asked by her older sister, “What should we do ?”.

Taritta: [My opinion is the same as Sister’s . However , this decision wasn’t because Sister said so , as I am protecting Louis for my own reasons . Since I owe Louis a debt of gratitude. ]

Mizelda: [ Ha , I see. ]

At Taritta’s clear answer, Mizelda relaxed her lips and nodded.

Otto’s side did not know what these sisters’ relationship was like, but it seemed like Mizelda had happily accepted Taritta’s assertion.

However, they did not have the luxury to consider that heartwarming.

Beatrice: [A Sin Archbishop, on top of that someone like Gluttony; turning a blind eye cannot be done, in fact. Will you all cool your heads, I suppose?]

From Emilia’s arms, Beatrice’s words were filled with strength.

She had come this far by suppressing her exhaustion, but in an emergency it was necessary for her to display her abilities. Like Subaru, not hesitating in such situations was a bad habit of Beatrice’s.

Emilia: [That’s no good, everyone calm down! Fighting like this――]

While the spirits of Beatrice and Garfiel, alongside those of Yorna and the Shudraq, had risen in preparation for battle; Emilia tried to stop the dispute with a heartbroken look on her face.

In fact, if it came to seriously stopping the dispute through brute force, Emilia was the one with the ability best suited for doing so.

If she were to use her immense mana to freeze Guaral, Otto would aim to secure Louis in the meantime. At worst, they would cut ties with everyone in Guaral.

Emilia: [Is more dangerous than turning a blind eye to a Sin Archbishop――]

That was when Otto watched for an unguarded moment.

???: [――What is the matter, you plebeians, have you not yet fought enough? That is quite hot-blooded, is it not?]

Otto: [――――]

Suddenly, a powerful new voice shook the atmosphere within the large chamber of City Hall.

It belonged to a woman whose shoes clacked loudly as she leisurely came up the stairs. Some time ago, Otto had said that Emilia, Abel, and Yorna had presences that were impossible to ignore, but the owner of that voice too, was cloaked in an air which did not match that impression.

With the hem of her blood-red dress swaying, a beautiful woman leisurely appeared.

She had fair skin and orange hair, and had boldly adorned herself with numerous ornaments, but even the glitter of those jewels lost out to her natural beauty―― Priscilla Barielle.

In the Fortress City of Guaral, the final person who had an influential voice had appeared.

Following behind her as she walked unhurriedly, was her attendant Schult, whose small, humble movements drew attention, as well as Al, with his unforgettably eccentric appearance.

Together with Abel, Medium, and the others, Al was also one of the people who had headed to Chaosflame with Subaru. On his way back, he had gone to meet up with Priscilla, and now it seemed they were entering in together.

Originally there was supposed to be one more person, Heinkel, who was nowhere to be seen, but that was a minor detail.

More importantly, from Otto’s point of view, a being had joined in who seemed like she would make this volatile atmosphere even worse.

Fickle and powerful, Priscilla carried such a presence that was impossible to predict as to which side she would choose.

Rather, it almost seemed like it would be better if they could just conclude she was an enemy.

Priscilla: [I made my way here after hearing that Abel and the others had returned, but I had not expected this kind of atmosphere so soon. Even if the city is this devastated, it seems a starved dog cannot choose where it barks.]

Emilia: [Priscilla! Everyone is reaaally tense right now! Don’t say strange things.]

Priscilla: [Nonsense. If I had not come, you would have made it snow once again. Let me tell you, no matter how chilly you make it, I shall not stop baring my shoulders. Still, it does get cold.]

Emilia: [I’m sorry about that, but…]

Emilia had an absurd exchange with Priscilla as she entered, then apologized.

However, the reason the end of that sentence had lost its strength was not because of Emilia’s remorse.

It was because the high-pitched clatter of a hard object falling had reverberated throughout the large chamber.

Medium: [――Yorna-chan?]

Suddenly, Medium turned her head and murmured, looking up at the woman standing just in front of her. Her blue eyes stared at the single kiseru that had fallen at Yorna’s feet.

Yorna had been fiddling with it in her hands, a fine item that did not seem cheap.

Louis: [Uu…]

With a groan, Louis, who was at the center of the conversation, picked up the fallen kiseru. However, Yorna did not accept the picked up kiseru when it was offered to her.

Instead, Yorna’s gaze was solely on Priscilla; the presence that had just set foot into the large hall.

Staring at Priscilla, Yorna’s eyes widened.

Yorna, who usually seemed imperturbable and unflappable, was astonished.

Her painted crimson lips were wide open, trembling.

Yorna: [Pr, Prisca…?]

She called Priscilla that. ――A different name that didn’t sound familiar.

Frozen in shock, the wide-eyed Yorna addressed Priscilla by that similar but different name. Three people present responded to that name.

One was Zikr, another was Abel, and the last one, needless to say, was Priscilla.

Zikr looked at Yorna speculatively, Abel contemplatively, and Priscilla scornfully.

Priscilla: [What, you? Why do you behave like that towards me… no.]

Priscilla looked back at Yorna with her crimson eyes, not concealing her displeasure.

Without pause, her sharp tongue seemed ready to strike her, but right before; she stopped short. Priscilla again gazed intently at Yorna.

Yorna’s blue eyes and Priscilla’s blood-red eyes had locked with one another, and a moment of silence passed.

Then Priscilla let out an “Ahh” like an exhale,

Priscilla: [――If I think about it, you are indeed mine dear mother, aren’t you?]

Like that, a remark which would give rise to an explosion distinct from the already volatile situation, had been stated matter-of-factly.

Translation notes:

[1] Some of you might be confused as to why Beatrice recognizes Louis from Pristella in this scene. Putting it simply, this follows the Light Novel canon. Explaining more thoroughly, then: in the Web Novel version, in Arc 5 Chapter 70, when Louis uses Solar Eclipse to take over Ley’s body, she transforms into a “giant man, with a grim countenance” (all this takes place after Otto’s had his knees injured by Ley). However, in the Light Novel version, Louis takes over after Ley is hit by Meteor, transforming into the same “giant man, with a grim countenance”, injures Otto, and then transforms into her own appearance. Hence why Beatrice can recognize her near instantly, and Otto takes a while being that he was in a world of pain at the time.

--- Chapter 79: A Roar of Scarlet Laughter ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Priscilla’s sudden appearance had brought forth a whirlwind through the power of her words.

???: [――――]

But at that moment, a certain silence and blankness pervaded the hall, giving everyone the illusion that time had stopped.

It was a statement that could not be misheard, but she didn’t quite understand what it meant. She couldn’t get the meaning correctly from the sound, that’s the impression she had.

“Dear Mother” , it took some time for her to search her brain for the word that the sound means.

However――,

Emilia: [――? Yorna is Priscilla’s mother?]

Emilia tilted her head curiously, and as soon as a different sound for “ mother ” came forth from her, “ Dear Mother ” and “ mother ” connected, and she understood the essence of “Dear Mother” and “mother”. [1]

Controlling the fluttering sensation in his own head, Otto compared the two people who had his attention ― Yorna and Priscilla. Yorna who was staring at her, unable to move, and Priscilla who was looking at the former with a calm expression.

They had different hair and eye colors, and they were of different races to begin with.

Of course, in the case of mixed blood, there were individual differences in which the blood of a parent was stronger, but Priscilla and Yorna had no similarities in appearance.

If one could say so, they both had lustrous good looks but――,

Otto: [If we treated people like family at that level, the world would be full of big families.]

Concluding this, Otto held his confusion in check.

Still, hearing about Priscilla and Yorna’s relationship made some sense. ――Priscilla’s stern attitude and personality certainly gave off a strong sense of imperial style.

Priscilla: [I can feel the unpleasant eyes that are fixed on mineself, but that is okay.]

Otto gasped at the warning look in Priscilla’s eyes, reading the intent of her gaze. Leaving Otto aside, Priscilla looked at Emilia and said,

Priscilla: [Half-devil, it is as you say. To think that she had become one of the “Nine Divine Generals”. Since I was a child I supposed so, but how strange it is.]

Emilia: [Well, I’m surprised. But now that you mention it, I guess you both look a lot alike.]

Priscilla supported her chin with the fan in her hand, and Emilia nodded in reply.

Just before, Otto had denied to himself any similarities in external appearance between the two, so while Emilia’s unexpected judgment worried him, he had set that aside for the time being.

The problem was――,

Yorna: [――Wait.]

Priscilla’s words were deterred by Yorna herself, who had been unexpectedly singled out by her. She closed her eyes for a moment, and erased the apparent turmoil from her expression,

Yorna: [I was a little surprised, but that is an unacceptable statement. Why do you think I am your mother…]

Priscilla: [Stop making up trifling evasions. If you plan to trick me, you must change your soul. No matter how you change your appearance, you cannot deceive my scarlet eyes.]

Yorna: [――Hk.]

Yorna’s expression of feigned calm once again stiffened at Priscilla’s decisive response.

Priscilla’s language was conceptual and, in addition, held no intention to compromise with others. This made it hard to take in the exact meaning of what was said, but it seemed to have been fatal to Yorna.

Yorna was clearly flustered by Priscilla’s gaze and the sharpness of her tongue.

However, Yorna wasn’t the only one who showed strong turmoil on this occasion――,

???: [――Absurd.]

Clearly, the amazement towards the situation at hand spilled over.

It was faint, so faint that it could have been missed, but it was coming from the other party, and Otto did not miss the voice that spilled out from behind the Oni mask.

Abel, a man who seemed cool-headed rather than calm and unperturbed, made that one comment.

“Priscilla” he called out, while hiding the slight agitation behind his mask,

Abel: [Are you serious? Yorna Mishigure is Sandra Benedict?]

Priscilla: [――I see, you did not know that either, Abel. I do not blame you. I have no way of knowing except by my own words.]

Emilia: [But, you noticed that Priscilla isn’t being told anything, right?]

Priscilla: [Do not interrupt me. Shut up, you half-devil.]

Emilia: [You don’t have to say it that way…]

Priscilla, who responded to Abel’s question in a nonchalant manner, glared at Emilia, who had interrupted her, in order to silence her.

Whatever the case may be, this was an exchange that left out those in the Kingdom, including Otto, and those in the Empire who did not know what was going on. Otto was especially interested in the content that delved into Priscilla’s internal affairs, as she was also a Royal Candidate, but――,

Garfiel: [――Put off the unexpected reunion talk. Right now, the priority is this kid’s story!]

Garfiel snarled as he bared his fangs, undaunted by the change in the air.

The opponent who those green eyes pierced was Louis; still protected by Yorna and Medium. Garfiel was right, they could not move forward or backward until they decided what to do with her.

Of course, the conclusion in Otto’s mind that Louis should be restrained and deprived of her freedom was unassailable.

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self isn’t sayin’ to kill her, but I’m sayin’ to tie her up and roll her over. That’s the one thing my amazin’ self won’t compromise… “Tinos limbs are going away.”]

Al: [――That’s probably going to be something bro doesn’t want to hear.]

Garfiel: [Huh?]

Garfiel, who concurred with Otto, bared his fangs at the remark.

The person who interrupted them was Al, who had come up to the top level with Priscilla. He was still the same eccentric looking guy, scratching the nape of his neck with his one-armed hand in a somewhat unenthusiastic manner.

Al: [First of all, lemme apologize to you first. ――I’m sorry I couldn’t bring bro home after we went to Chaosflame together.]

Emilia: [Al…  no, thanks for apologizing. But I’m not the only one disappointed that I didn’t get to meet Subaru, Beatrice is the one disappointed the most.]

Al: [Oh, then I’m sorry to that child and to the others as well.]

Al bowed his head as he uttered an apology for Subaru’s absence.

Al’s usual frivolous attitude notwithstanding, his apology seemed genuine. However, a sincere apology does not necessarily lead to forgiveness or a good impression.

Otto: [If anything, an easy apology will only increase the number of people who will take advantage of you. In fact, if you’re willing to apologize, I would prefer that you don’t interfere.]

Al: [That’s harsh. But, as I said earlier, doing such a thing to this lil’ girl is something that bro… Natsuki Subaru doesn’t wish for.]

Garfiel: [So, why the hell!? You’re just sayin’ random things…]

Al: [――I too, tried to kill the lil’ one and was stopped by bro.]

Garfiel’s irritated words were drowned out by Al’s dry words. At this response, that caused Garfiel’s breathing to hitch, Al shrugged his shoulders and nodded at Louis,

Al: [You guys are like that. Isn’t it natural that I’d consider killing her? But even then…]

Otto: [Did Natsuki-san reject it?]

Al: [To be honest, I couldn’t believe my ears. Originally, I was thinking that he had some lil’ stranger girl with him, but then I found out that she was a Sin Archbishop. He was trying to protect her with his body. I thought I knew that bro had a lot of crazy ideas, but he exceeded my imagination.]

As he said this, Al’s gaze shot through his helmet at Louis. Under the gaze, Louis groaned “ Uh―… “, but instead of hiding behind Medium and the others, she looked straight back at him.

The light in those blue eyes was neither dull nor feeble.

Otto: [――――]

As he watched, Otto examined Al’s testimony.

Otto himself believed that the reason Subaru was not able to get his hands on Louis was “naivete”.

The “naivete” that Subaru and Emilia possessed was both a weakness and a strength.

Once you let go of it, you can never get it back, and even though Otto felt like it was difficult to handle, he never wanted it to be gone.

Otto: [We, the people around us, can make decisions without such “naivete”.]

Al: [I understand, bro. But it’s hard now. After all, we’re talking in front of all these people. There is no going back from that.]

Frederica: […Otto-sama]

Frederica stepped firmly and called out to Otto’s profile. Her beautiful eyes flickered with concern and anxiety at the prospect of taking action here.

Otto also felt that it was a mistake to mention the identity of Louis here. ――No, to start with, the problem was that Louis had already been accepted by the people involved.

Taritta and Mizelda’s resolution became prevalent in the Fortress City.

Therefore――,

Otto: [So, you are saying you are just going to let her roam free?]

Al: [Sure, I wouldn’t have forgiven her if she’d done something wrong. But…]

Medium: [Louis-chan was always trying to protect Subaru-chin. She never misbehaved while she was with us. She never will!]

Medium raised a frantic voice, taking in Al’s words.

Her statement was just wishful thinking, and Louis’s actions to date did not guarantee what Louis would do in the future. That was the biggest focal point of the issue.

Petra: [I watched Master do it, so maybe I can make a curse mark tied to an Oath…]

Otto: [――. We should not do that. I thought, for a moment, that was possible.]

Petra hesitantly suggested the idea, but Otto rejected it.

Petra spoke of a “curse mark,” a binding of the soul to make the recipient keep their word, something Roswaal has inscribed on his body that, if broken, would kill him.

Roswaal, as the mastermind behind the events that occurred in the “Sanctuary” and at the former Roswaal mansion, personally inscribed it to demonstrate his surrender to the camp.

As the words suggested, a “curse mark” was clearly “cursecraft.”

Superstitious as it may seem, some say that curses would eventually rebound on the user. If one continued to bind others through curses, they would eventually burn one’s soul as well.

He had no intention of having Petra take on such a burden, and even if she were able to do so and inscribe a curse mark that would bind Louis’ actions, it would be no more than insurance.

Otto: [Because we do not have a full picture of what we can bind to buy us peace of mind.]

The Authority of a Sin Archbishop, no one knew its full extent.

As long as they did not know what hidden curveballs would be thrown out, ultimately, no matter how they were bound, Otto’s wariness of Louis could never be lifted. That is, unless they took a life.

If so, then not making use of anything like a curse mark, which could lead them to carelessness, was what would keep their vigilance steady.

Otto: [Regrettably, that is my conclusion.]

Garfiel: [Ottobro! Ya sure about that!? That’s a Sin Archbishop!]

Hearing Otto’s thoughts, Garfiel raised his voice in a scream.

Even though he was absolutely right, Otto understood the frustration of being forced into a situation where he felt he was being stifled, wanting to empathize with his younger brother’s heartache.

Otto: [However, discussing it here will not get everyone’s approval. With the current situation in which there is still a lot left to be heard, I do not wish for things to break down with all of you.]

Priscilla: [Therefore, if we are to use force, it should be after hearing what they have to say, correct? How obstinate.]

Otto: [I do not intend to do such a rash thing, but I will take that in itself as a compliment, Priscilla-sama.]

When Priscilla brilliantly expressed Otto’s sentiment, he at least attempted to put up a good front.

Whatever the case, to Garfiel, the answer was a frustrating reality.

Abel, who has considerable influence in the city, and the “People of the Shudraq,” who have shown their non-negotiable stance on the treatment of Louis―― there was no way to dissuade them.

There was no basis for eliminating Louis beyond her being a Sin Archbishop.

Since that did not work, there would be no other recourse remaining on their side but to use force. However, killing Louis would not necessarily erase the effects of the Authority of Gluttony, and would it be worth it to have the disadvantage of turning all of the Empire against them thereafter?

Emilia: [Fighting like that just makes all of us a little less anxious. That’s how it is, right?]

Otto and Garfiel: [――――]

Garfiel, fangs gnashing, and Otto with one eye closed.

Emilia’s amethyst eyes flashed as she traced the flow of the conversation and came to this conclusion. Beatrice, in her arms, called out her name, “Emily.”

Emilia: [I’m sorry, …Lady Beatrice. You’re worried a lot, I know you are.]

Beatrice: […As long as you understand properly, good, I suppose.]

They exchanged glances and words very close to each other, and Beatrice’s round eyes were downcast. Emilia nodded her head, understanding Beatrice’s feelings, and turned her gaze toward Louis and Medium.

The girl who leans on her like a sister returned her gaze.

Emilia: [That little girl… Louis might be reaaally dangerous. That’s just what Otto-kun and the others have said, and you know that, don’t you?]

Medium: […Yeah, I know.]

Emilia: [But you didn’t see Louis do anything that was dangerous or bad; did Louis do anything to you or Subaru?]

Medium: [Hmm, she tried to protect us. It’s true; I’m not lying. Isn’t that right? Abel-chin, Al-chin, Taritta-chan, and Yorna-chan?]

Staring directly at Emilia, Medium was trying her best to choose the right words. As she decided, she asked those who had returned from the Demon City with her to agree.

Abel and Yorna, both still recovering from their earlier exchange with Priscilla, reacted sluggishly, but Al shrugged and Taritta nodded.

Taritta: [ Yes , Louis certainly tried to protect everyone . She was very fond of Subaru, in my opinion .]

Otto: [I would say “As expected of the Lolimancer”, but the atmosphere’s not one that can be joked about like that.]

Beatrice: […That moniker, Betty does not like it very much, in fact! Be careful, I suppose.]

Beatrice’s disgruntled, low voice slightly relaxed the hostilities that had been present just up till a moment ago; perhaps Beatrice had decided to leave it to Emilia’s judgment as to how to proceed with Louis.

Even with the same conclusion, Emilia would softly adjust it to what Otto and Beatrice had presented.

Then, Emilia spoke, looking at Louis.

Emilia: [You were concerned about Subaru. I don’t believe that’s a lie. So, I want to believe in you as much as this girl who is trying so hard to believe in you.]

Garfiel: [――Hk, Emilia-sama, she’s!]

Emilia: [Even Garfiel was so biting towards us at first. But now he’s reaaally good friends with us, isn’t he?]

Emilia’s discourse was a bit disingenuous, given that Garfiel and Louis were in different positions and under different circumstances. However, when Emilia said it, it was true that it was hard to respond back.

As the situation progressed, Garfiel’s cheeks hardened in bitterness. Emilia’s response was a small apologetic “Sorry.”

Emilia: [It might be difficult. But I think it’s best to start there, if you can talk about it properly, instead of going all in and just being so hostile at the beginning. Of course, sometimes you have to be hostile from the start…]

Garfiel: [――――]

Emilia: [I’m here with all of you, and I think it would be nice if everyone here could get along with me. I want to tell them that I want to be friends with them. For that, I have to open my clenched hand first.]

Saying this, Emilia looked down at Beatrice in her arms. Beatrice looked at her gently and then gave a small nod.

Seeing Beatrice’s nod, Emilia slowly stepped forward.

Right in front of Yorna, past the glaring Garfiel, and in front of the small Medium sheltering little Louis behind her back.

And then――,

Emilia: [This is reaaally a roundabout way of saying this, but… I believe in Zikr-san and Mizelda-san and others who have been so kind to Subaru and Rem, and I want to believe Medium-chan and everyone else who believes in them. So please let me believe in you, who Medium-chan believes in.]

Louis: […Ah, Uu.]

Emilia: [Not us, but for these children that are being very nice to you, it’s reaaally nice to know that there are people who believe in you.]

As she said this, Emilia gently held out her right hand to Louis.

With Beatrice being held with her left hand, Emilia lowered her waist, moving towards Louis. Emilia’s action made even Medium, who was trying to protect Louis, suddenly move towards her.

Emilia: [Louis-chan.]

And so she called out to them.

Perhaps it was her appeal that prompted Louis to extend her hand, or perhaps Emilia’s words had some meaning for the Sin Archbishop bereft of a human heart.

As Emilia held out her right hand, Louis placed her own right hand on top of hers.

Otto was momentarily concerned about the possibility of the Authority being activated on Emilia as a result of this, but Otto regretted this concern and felt that he should despise it with all his heart.

Either way――,

Louis: [Uau.]

Emilia: [Hmm, I’m worried about Subaru, too.]

Embracing each other’s hands, Emilia smiled in reply, and that was the resolution for both Otto and the Emilia Camp. The conclusion was “put on hold.”

――However, Otto was proud of Emilia, because even though the pitfalls were the same, the way Emilia said it and the way he would have said it would have been different.

△▼△▼△▼△

Garfiel: [――My amazin’ self won’t take my eyes off of ya, y’know.]

Regarding the handling of Louis, it had been decided to be placed “on hold”.

In response to that, Garfiel, who until the very end, had declared that he could not accept it, asserted his stance towards Emilia and the girl she had shaken hands with.

Since Garfiel’s concerns and warnings were natural, Otto would not interject.

Otto: [A Witch Cultist, let alone a Sin Archbishop is not something I can imagine changing their ways, after all.]

Otto’s dry, pragmatic thinking came to that conclusion.

Even if it had been a touching historic exchange between Emilia and Louis. However, while he thought that it was not like himself, Otto had also thought this.

――The defeats of the White Whale, the Great Rabbit, and the Sin Archbishops of Sloth and Greed had also been unimaginable.

It had been Natsuki Subaru who had, in little over a year, brought these things about many times.

The world saw these as achievements of the Emilia camp, but everyone in the camp understood that Subaru’s contributions were especially significant. Therefore, he had to thoroughly consider the possibility.

It might have been that, once again, Natsuki Subaru had done something unthinkable.

Otto: [I do not like it…]

The question of how the people around them would evaluate Subaru, when that actually happened, had him feeling crestfallen.

He thought that others should also get to know Subaru’s true humanity quickly――.

Zikr: [Once the discussion has settled down, if I may?]

In the large hall where the mood of the discussion had relaxed, Zikr had raised his hand and, with those words, began to speak.

Having drawn attention to himself, he gave the preface of “With your permission” to his remarks.

Zikr: [Although I am very interested in the relationship between Miss Priscilla and General First-Class Yorna, there are some things I want to first confirm with Abel-dono.]

Abel: [――. You may speak.]

Zikr: [Yes.]

Abel, who had been keeping his mouth shut, assented when this topic had arisen.

Although he had not interjected regarding how Louis would be handled, it seemed he had put a brief pause to the shock from before. Having been addressed, he gazed at Zikr, his black eyes urging him to continue speaking.

Zikr: [I am aware that General First-Class Yorna’s cooperation has been acquired, and that the collapse of Demon City of Chaosflame… That as a result, Miss Natsumi has fallen into danger. What I wanted to inquire additionally was about a rumor that has spread over the past few days――]

Abel: [――A rumor.]

Zikr: [Yes. ――The rumor that somewhere, the child of His Excellency the Emperor, a Crown Prince of black hair, is present.]

Zikr reverently bowed his head, as he informed Abel.

That rumor――one which alluded to the existence of the son of the Emperor Vincent Vollachia, had been spread, and had even reached Otto’s ears.

On top of that, the rumor said that the Emperor’s son had a rebel army――that is to say, he was the leader of the group gathered at the Fortress City of Guaral, and that he was flying the banner of revolt against the Emperor, or something of the like.

However, he did not remember seeing anyone who had looked like that in the city.

Zikr: [According to the reports, this rumor had spread from the East. It has already spread all over the Empire, but its source…]

Abel: [It is as you have guessed, it was spread from the Demon City. ――It takes power to threaten the throne. And power will only gather under a great cause.]

With his arms crossed and shaking his head slowly, Abel answered dispassionately.

That answer was convincing, but in the first place, an effort to threaten the Emperor’s throne was not an issue their camp really wanted to be involved with.

As for Otto, his focus had turned to how to curb the possibility that Emilia would say she could not abandon these people, having met them once.

Due to that, it could be said that he was late in noticing the possibilities he normally would have noticed.

Therefore――,

???: […A black-haired, Crown Prince.]

Petra, who seemed to be pondering, was the one who had muttered that bit by bit.

She had been brooding over something, forming a small crease on her pretty eyebrows. Then, she timidly expressed her thoughts.

Those were――,

Petra: [Um, according to what Medium-san and the others had said earlier, Subaru became smaller right? Like me or Beatrice-chan.]

Frederica: [That is what has been said. I cannot really imagine it, but if it was Subaru, it is possible to have encountered such a misfortune… Ah.]

Otto: [――!]

Nodding at Petra’s words, Frederica’s eyes widened as she sorted through the information. Almost simultaneously with Frederica’s realization, Otto had also understood what Petra had been thinking.

And now, he had to curse how off-the-mark his own thinking had been.

Petra: [Could it be that the rumored child of the Emperor is Subaru?]

In the place of Otto, who had cursed that possibility, Petra had directly cut to the heart of the matter.

Unmoving, the girl’s eyes were fixed on Abel, and through the Oni mask, his black eyes met them. Without the slightest waver, Abel calmly nodded in assent to Petra’s questioning,

Abel: [Correct.]

Petra: [――hk, Something like that…]

With the look in her eyes sharpening at that short answer, Petra had tried to raise her voice.

However, faster than Petra could respond,

???: [――Ku, hahahahaha!]

Like so, a wholeheartedly amused voice resounded.

Laughter that had not paid heed to the circumstances, shattered the mood in the large chamber. However, the reason no one could raise their voice immediately after that outburst was because that loud laughter was Priscilla’s.

She held a fan to her mouth, as if to not show her teeth while she laughed.

Priscilla: [Of all things, that foolish commoner as the Crown Prince, that makes me laugh. Ahh, Abel, you, do you plan to kill mineself with laughter? You have considerably changed your way of doing things, have you not?]

???: [Princess?]

Priscilla: [What is it, you should laugh as well, Al. No, did you also take part in this conspiracy? If so, how skillfully have you made mineself laugh! I must say you have performed the duties of a clown splendidly.]

Turning towards a surprised Al, Priscilla looked pleased while commending him. The unpredictability of Priscilla’s reaction had temporarily taken away the zeal in the large chamber.

Of course, that did not mean it had erased all the confusion.

Emilia: [Umm, what do you mean? There’s no way that Subaru is the Emperor’s child, right? After all, Subaru came from beyond the Great Waterfall.]

Frederica: [Emily, that is one of Subaru-sama’s jokes.]

Emilia: [Is that so? Then, for real?]

Otto: [As for the question of whether he is a child of the emperor, it is not true. A fabrication.]

Emilia: [Eh? Eh? Eh?]

A dizzied Emilia expressed that she did not understand a thing.

In short, Subaru’s infantilization and the goal of Abel’s group had luckily aligned.

Frederica: [To be precise, I think it would be more proper to say they made use of it once it happened.]

Otto agreed with what Frederica had said, that this had been an effective use of the situation.

When Abel and the others had raised a rebellion, they wanted a good pretext like that. To act as a figurehead for that purpose, there was no one more convincing than the Emperor’s child.

Of course, it was quite possible that using someone who did not exist as the leader would be a double-edged sword.

Otto: [Since Natsuki-san does really exist, do you intend to use him as a double edged sword?]

Abel: [An insolent manner of speaking, but it is to my liking. In that case, you should also understand.]

Otto: [――Though, it is frustrating.]

Rightfully, Otto and the others would be justified in resenting Subaru’s circumstances being exploited.

However, although his reply that it was frustrating was not a lie, it was true that there was a certain noticeable value in the course of events Abel had devised.

That was because――,

Frederica: [――For Subaru-sama, whose whereabouts are unknown, it would cause the likelihood of him losing his life to be greatly reduced.]

Otto: […Yes.]

Otto nodded bitterly at Frederica’s understanding.

Emilia and Garfiel were slow in comprehending Otto and Frederica’s thoughts. With the two showing their confusion on their faces, they racked their brains and asked “What does that mean?”

Emilia: [I have absolutely no idea what you’re talking about, but…]

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self gets that Captain’s been given a weird title. But, wouldn’t makin’ him the Captain of the rebellion be even more dangerous?]

Otto: [No, it would draw attention, but the threats to his life would be lightened more or less. Because the value of the Crown Prince can only be effectively demonstrated while he is alive.]

The Crown Prince, a dissident threatening the reign of Vincent Vollachia.

This existence within the rebel cause had utilizable value to both allies and enemies of the current Emperor. It goes without saying for the rebelling side, but if he was kept alive there were many ways to use him on the Emperor’s side as well.

Executing him would dampen the spirits of the rebel army, while a living Crown Prince could be used to force them to give up their righteous cause.

Otto: [That is to say, no matter where Natsuki-san was hurled off to, and even if he was taken into custody, the likelihood of him avoiding being killed on the spot is high. Instead of that――]

Emilia: [Instead of that?]

Otto: […The struggle for the Vollachian throne, any way out of this rebellion has vanished.]

Receiving a blessing goes hand in hand with having to bear responsibilities.

Regardless of whether he wished for it or not, Subaru was right in the middle of the rebellion of the Vollachian Empire, at the highest position, placed as the figurehead.

For that reason――,

Priscilla: [――Well, how can you not help but laugh?]

And with those words, they could finally guess why Priscilla, who had gotten the answer well before, was cruelly laughing.

[1] What is happening here is that when the sound カアサマ (kaasama, mother) came out of Emilia’s mouth, she made the connection between the word Priscilla had said ハハウエ (hahaue, Dear Mother) and カアサマ (kaasama, mother). In that moment, she understood the meaning of 母上(Dear Mother) and 母様(Mother). Do notice how the katakana is used to refer to the sounds, whilst the kanji is used to refer to the meaning.

--- Chapter 80: Iris and the King of Thorns ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The complicated discussion in the large chamber was approaching a temporary conclusion.

Zikr: [To be frank, the situation had been vastly different from what we had expected at the start. However, it can be said that averting the fall of the Fortress City, as well as acquiring the cooperation of General First-Class Yorna are certainly good results.]

It was Zikr who promptly gathered the topics fluttering about and began summarizing them.

The man with the fluffy hair looked over the faces of everyone in the large chamber with those wide eyes of his. At Zikr’s words, Emilia said, “Yes, that’s right,” with a nod.

Emilia: [Some disheartening things also happened, but the fact that everyone is gathered here is because we did our best. This time, let’s rely on that and fulfill everyone’s goals.]

Zikr: [As expected, thank you for your beautiful response, Miss Emily. It is as you said, let us strive to fulfill the goals of everyone here. To that end, there is one more thing I must tell you.]

Otto: [In the end, there is one more thing? …Assuming it is a continuation from our discussion just before, I do not really have a good feeling about it.]

Seeing Zikr’s single raised finger as he nodded at Emilia’s words, Otto grumbled as his cheeks stiffened.

As if supporting Otto’s unpleasant hunch, Zikr continued with an “Indeed”,

Zikr: [This would be a continuation of the previous discussion. This discussion also involves Miss Natsumi, who is being treated like the black-haired Crown Prince.]

Emilia: [Natsumi… huh? But, isn’t it Subaru who’s being treated like the child of the Emper…]

Frederica: [Emily, we do not know how Subaru-sama is introducing himself in the Empire.]

Emilia: [Ah, I see. That’s right. I’m sorry, I got it all mixed up in my head.]

Having interrupted the discussion, Emilia placed her hand over her mouth.

The alias “Natsumi Schwartz” that Subaru was introducing himself under in the Empire was his plan for concealing his true identity, while informing Emilia and the others searching for him of his whereabouts.

For that reason, Subaru was intentionally using the name of someone Emilia and the others knew―― he was using the name of Emilia’s friend, Natsumi Schwartz.

When Zikr met Subaru, it was when he had been using that alias.

Therefore, Zikr was using “Natsumi” to refer to Subaru. That was what had gotten mixed up inside Emilia.

Emilia: [Huh? But, if that’s the case, why is he being called Miss Natsumi…]

Beatrice: [Keep talking, in fact, shaggy-head. It will soon be time for Betty to sleep again, I suppose.]

Emilia: [Ah, I see. That’s right. I’m sorry, I have to think about Beatrice right now.]

The question that had emerged within Emilia was sunk down by the voice of Beatrice in her arms. If it had anything to do with Subaru, it was natural that Beatrice would want to hear it even more than Emilia.

For the sake of the girl who could not stay awake for very long, she had to set aside her present questions.

Prompted by Beatrice’s and Emilia’s gazes, Zikr started by saying, “As a matter of fact”.

Zikr: [Strictly speaking, it is not about Miss Natsumi herself. I am worried about her welfare as her whereabouts are unknown, but I believe that just as Abel-dono had thought, wherever she is found she will be courteously protected. However――]

Emilia: [Is there something making you uncertain about Subaru being in danger?]

Zikr: [As I prefaced, it is not about Miss Natsumi herself. A separate situation that has extended from that…the existence of His Excellency the Emperor’s child is now well-known publicly, causing changes in the Empire’s internal situation. In other words――]

???: [――Even in other lands, the flames of war have begun to rise?]

Cutting off Zikr’s words, speaking so in a quiet voice had been Abel.

Zikr bowed his head reverently with a “Yes”, and Abel ran his fingers along the cheek of his Oni mask without looking Zikr’s way, hiding the expression on his face.

However, just before his hand could hide his expression, Emilia’s eyes had surely grasped it.

――That Abel’s lips had very slightly taken the shape of a sadistic smile.

Emilia: [Though, I don’t think this is an amusing discussion at all…]

???: [As the half-devil said, it is quite an unpleasant subject. That those who straddle the fence would take advantage of these convenient circumstances.]

Priscilla agreed to what Emilia had muttered as she looked at Abel, who had hidden his expression.

While she declared that she would not wear a coat no matter how cold it was and shrugged her white shoulders,

Priscilla: [If you have a righteous cause, and have acquired the chance to fulfill your own desires, all that is left is to decide under what ” timing ” you shall act. If too early, then even yourself shall be made to bleed, but if too late, even should you take part, you shall come home empty-handed. Even if it is a period for ascertainment, try to think about it.]

Otto: [Uprisings in various places… Although, I had heard that Emperor Vincent Vollachia’s reign was stable and that people of the Empire were enjoying the peace.]

Abel: [In the end, peace and the like are nothing more than fleeting, ephemeral dreams.]

At Priscilla’s and Otto’s words, Abel lowered the hand he had placed on his face. Out of the lips where any trace of the smile Emilia had seen had already disappeared, Abel continued speaking dispassionately.

Abel: [The true nature of the people of the Empire―― no, the true nature of mankind lies in conflict, and as long as there is life, the blaze known as belligerence shall not be extinguished. Even if you try to put a lid on it, the heat therein shall continue to fester inside.]

Otto: [And eventually, with no place left to go, it will be a huge explosion?]

Petra: [That’s really unfortunate…]

Otto and Petra each expressed their own impressions of Abel’s manner of speaking.

Emilia also thought she understood the intention of Abel’s abstruse expression. Looking at the outcome that had occurred, it was not possible to deny that idea.

However, she did not like the idea that fighting was natural for humans.

Emilia: [I don’t really get it but, that sounds reaaally lonely.]

Abel: [Lonely? On what grounds do you think as such, half-devil.]

Emilia: [After all, even though the Emperor of the Empire must have worked as hard as he could. For all of that to get destroyed, to not be rewarded for that hard work, wouldn’t that be lonely? Whether he wins or loses, I think it would be painful.]

The Emperor of Vollachia, whom she had never directly met, seemed extremely pitiful to Emilia.

It was also true that Abel, Zikr, and the others were raising a rebellion in this manner, and that once the people of the Empire had joined in, they started to raise their voices together.

In her studies, Emilia had also learned that the fact that the Vollachian Empire had not had a large battle these past few years was Emperor Vincent Vollachia’s achievement. Setting aside what Vincent was thinking, at least he had been continuing to create a society without war.

With that having been destroyed, if he lost, the country would be taken from him, and even if he won, he would have ended up having waged a war himself.

Emilia: [Times like this, when somebody gets mad, it’s like they’ve already decided for it to become painful.]

For that reason, Emilia could not help but find Vincent pitiable.

If it were possible, she thought it would be good if they could properly discuss just what in the world he was thinking, and what they could do to arrive at a good ending for everyone.

Abel: [――. I see, regardless of which came first, I understand that thing’s way of being.]

Emilia: [Eh?]

Abel: [Without a doubt, you people are of the same kind as Natsuki Subaru.]

Emilia silently held her breath at Abel’s brief comment, his arms crossed.

Faced with the glint in Abel’s black eyes, which could be seen behind his Oni mask, Emilia had realized it. ――Sure enough, with what had just been said, the impression she had felt was not wrong.

Even though Subaru and Abel were comrades, and had been continuously working together until Emilia and the others had entered the Vollachian Empire――,

Emilia: [――You, is Subaru someone you reaaally hate?]

Abel: [――――]

Emilia: [I’m sorry if I’m wrong. Still, I don’t think I’m wrong.]

His black eyes narrowing, Abel went silent in response to Emilia’s question. Seeing his reaction right in front of her, Emilia did not retract her opinion.

Abel hated Subaru. ――Emilia felt that was so.

It was not because Abel was quiet, or because he said haughty things in a manner that somewhat resembled Priscilla. When he spoke to Otto or Zikr and the others, there was a definite difference.

Emilia felt that it was the hatred Abel harbored regarding Subaru.

Abel: [――Zikr, coordinate with those who have begun raising their voices in revolt. Give rise to even stronger winds, and fan the force of the flames. Until the black smoke reaches the Imperial Capital.]

Zikr: [Will that be all right? The original objective was the Nine Divine Generals…]

Abel: [In the end, that is a secondary objective. The important thing is to enact upon the war situation. The standpoints of Groovy and Moguro are cause for concern, however, the situation has changed.]

Abruptly, Abel, who had taken his eyes off of Emilia, began to give instructions to Zikr beside him.

Emilia thought she had been ignored, but that was Abel’s declaration that he did not intend on continuing their current conversation any longer.

Was the reason he did not respond because she had been off the mark, or was it something else?

In any case――,

Abel: [――We may be ready to advance on the Imperial Capital sooner than expected. Do not lose even the slightest bit of focus.]

――In order to reunite with Subaru and Rem, the choice to change paths and separate from Abel and his group, was not one that Emilia and the others had.

△▼△▼△▼△

Beatrice: [Emilia, you have to be careful, in fact. Betty and the others are the only people in this country who genuinely care only for Subaru, I suppose.]

Beatrice spoke again shortly before she fell back asleep after their discussion in the hall.

The conversation veered off to the left and right, but if one focused solely on Subaru, it would be hard to say that it was the best situation for him. Even if the threat to his life could be reduced, even if only a little.

Emilia: [Subaru is not someone who would be okay with that, with everyone arguing around him.]

Beatrice: [In fact.]

Otto and Abel surmised that his life was guaranteed no matter on which side of the Empire he was captured on. It was what the smart kids thought, and they may have been right.

But when had Subaru ever behaved exactly the way Emilia and the others thought he would?

If people around him were in danger, Subaru would move immediately, neglecting himself.

She could not believe that she was the only one who would accept being safe in such a situation.

That was why――

Emilia: [――I want you to remember that we all still care about Subaru and Rem, so we’re going to work with the intention of putting them first.]

Priscilla: [And why are you bothering to proclaim this to me?]

Emilia: [Because, if I did it on my own without telling anyone, everyone would get in trouble, right?]

It is important to communicate one’s goals and principles properly.

Not telling Frederica and Petra whether or not they would be back by dinner would be a waste of the meal that they had prepared for them.

Emilia: [Subaru also used to say that spinnuching[1] was important. But I am not sure what spinach is…]

Priscilla: [On what haphazard foundation did you have the nerve to approach me with such vague knowledge? Was that courage you had cultivated from your experience of being persecuted as a half-devil?]

Emilia: [No, I don’t think so. When I was in my home forest, and everyone hated me, I didn’t feel like I was getting used to it or getting stronger.]

When she was living in the Great Forest of Elior, she was hurt no matter what anyone said to her. Expecting the slightest thing, being betrayed, and not learning anything, despite repeating it over and over again.

So, given that Emilia now looked a little bit stronger.

Emilia: [That’s thanks to Subaru and everyone else… I left the forest, participated in the Royal Selection, went through a lot of hard times, and became the person I am today. Priscilla, isn’t it the same for you?]

Priscilla: [Do not compare yourself with me. I was born perfect.]

Emilia: [Yes… but, I won’t lose to you either.]

Priscilla: [You can attest for yourself whether you are worthy of the words that have passed your lips. Whether or not it catches the corner of my eye depends on that.]

Priscilla responded to Emilia’s tightly clenched fist with a shrug of her shoulders.

After the discussion in the hall was over and Beatrice was returned to the inn, now having fallen asleep, Emilia was looking for Priscilla to tell her about the previously mentioned plans.

Perhaps she was busy, she thought, but fortunately, she was listening to her.

Emilia: [When I think back, Priscilla always gets things right, doesn’t she?]

Priscilla: [Ho, it appears that some unpleasantness is about to ensue for me.]

Emilia: [Should I stop?]

Priscilla: [Fine, you are forgiven. You may continue.]

Emilia responded with a nod to Priscilla, closing one eye and urging her to proceed.

Leaving the City Hall, they walked alongside one another down the street. Emilia, not seeing her companions Schult and Al, looked around for the two of them.

Emilia: [It’s been that way since the beginning of the Royal Selection; Priscilla says nasty things and interrupts her opponents in mid-sentence, and yet she does a good job of listening to what they have to say while also lending an ear.]

Priscilla: [Even I have not the ability to surmise everything in the world. Shall I not be curious to see what kind of drivel will come out of the mouth of someone other than mineself?]

Emilia: [Well? But, I remember Anastasia-san said to me, “I’m not going to talk to you.”]

Priscilla: [That she-fox?]

Emilia: [Yeah. Oh, I’m not saying I’m holding a grudge, okay?]

With Priscilla walking leisurely by her side, Emilia thinks back to her exchange with Anastasia.

Initially, at the Royal Selection, Anastasia tried to snub Emilia from the discussions. That in itself was not an unusual treatment, and she did not hold it against Anastasia.

However, the point she wanted to make was――

Emilia: [――I’m friends with Anastasia-san.]

Priscilla: [――――]

Emilia: [To put it correctly, I promised that we would be friends. I said we would after the Royal Selection… I felt like we could do that, no matter where we started off. That’s why.]

Priscilla: [Surely you do not wish to form a friendship with me as well?]

Emilia: [Eeh. Is that no good?]

Because of her successful experience with Anastasia, Emilia mustered up the courage to try.

Most people, if it were Anastasia and Priscilla, would have had the impression and assessment that Priscilla was more difficult to deal with. However, Emilia was different.

For Emilia, who had few relationships, Anastasia and Priscilla were valued nearly equally.

Therefore, it could be concluded that this was what led to this kind of offer.

Then, in response to Emilia’s offer, Priscilla pulled her fan out of her cleavage and,

Priscilla: [Behold, more drivel that even I could not have predicted suddenly sprang forth.]

Opening her fan with a sound, she cut Emilia’s words off abruptly.

At Priscilla’s response, Emilia’s eyes widened, and she let out a tiny giggle. Seeing her smile, Priscilla’s eyes narrowed.

Priscilla: [And what follows drivel must be absolute japes? Either way, you are provoking my displeasure.]

Emilia: [Oh, no, no, sorry. However, I felt that you might say no, Priscilla, so I just knew that. I’ll ask again tomorrow.]

Priscilla: [Tomorrow or not, my answer shall remain the same.]

Emilia: [But, you never know what tomorrow will bring.]

For the time being, Emilia believed that it was not wrong to take up the challenge boldly.

Of course, there was the worry that she would think it was harassment and hate her even more.

But if Emilia thought so, then Priscilla was――,

Priscilla: [Do as you please.]

Emilia: [Yeah, I’ll do that.]

Even if she dismissed it as futile, she will not use force to keep her from doing so.

Emilia also felt like she was taking advantage of the situation, though, because she was in a difficult position to do so.

In any case,

Priscilla: [Well? Was that the conclusion of your ambush on me?]

Emilia: [No, that was only the first one… not the second one, because of what happened with Subaru. There’s something else I still want to talk about.]

Priscilla: [Now, what is the purpose of discussing the first matter with me? As long as your proposed plan does not interfere with my course of action, I will have nothing to do with it.]

Emilia: [But, Priscilla is good friends with Abel and Zikr, right? You seem to be discussing a lot of things, and I was wondering if you could tell everyone.]

Priscilla: [I withdraw my previous statement. Your drivel dances beyond my imagination. It is not often that I change my words.]

Emilia: [――? Is that something I should be happy about? Is that bad?]

Her crimson eyes looked to the side toward Emilia, who bent her lips when she didn’t get an answer.

It was probably not very welcome, but if one did not know what exactly was wrong, there was no way to fix it, even if one thought it should be fixed.

Priscilla should be good friends with Abel and Zikr, so would it be a mistake to want to convey to everyone what Emilia and her group’s policy was aside from that?

However, Emilia and her group would be much better off going to talk to them in person.

Anyhow――,

Emilia: [I don’t know if I can get along very well with Abel…]

Priscilla: [Ku.]

Emilia: [Priscilla?]

Holding her open fan to her mouth, Priscilla let out a small chuckle. When Emilia looked over to her face in profile, Priscilla slightly relaxed the corners of her eyes and said,

Priscilla: [Being hated by you, who even tried to talk to me, would truly be the epitome of his tactlessness.]

Emilia: [Gh, I don’t hate him. I just thought he might not quite be my cup of tea to deal with.]

Priscilla: [Your being aware that someone is hard to deal with, as well as your aversion are accumulations of the main factors behind those things, called your likes and dislikes. However, it is probably natural for you people to evaluate Abel in such a manner. ――Mineself wonders if your judgement is correct.]

Emilia: […Priscilla, do you feel the same way?]

To Emilia’s question, Priscilla remained silent and did not respond.

However, to Emilia, it felt as if that silence was saying that she shared Emilia’s opinion that Abel hated Subaru.

Emilia: [Priscilla, do you know why? Up until a little while ago, you were talking to Abel and the others, weren’t you?]

Priscilla: [Unfortunately, the discussion that had kept mineself back had no relation to your foolish commoner. Those like him do not even become an ounce of the subject of conversation… No, having heard the tale of the Great Disaster which destroyed the Demon City, mineself will not say it was completely unrelated to that foolish commoner.]

Emilia: [Demon City… Ah, then, you were talking to Yorna? To Priscilla’s mother.]

In the middle of the discussion in the large chamber, the topic of the parent-child relationship between Priscilla and Yorna came up. In the end, it had been washed away by the matter of how Louis should be handled after that, but that probably was not the case for the people involved.

Naturally, the reunited mother and child should have discussed it.

Emilia: [Still, I was also surprised. That Priscilla also has half demi-human blood…]

Priscilla: [Nonsense. Do not equate mineself with you. I think it surely must not be the case, but did you draw close to me because you had felt an affinity over that?]

Emilia: [That wasn’t it at all, but is it not true? Then, is Yorna-san Priscilla’s foster parent? If that were so, that would also be surprising. After all, I also…]

Priscilla: [Nonsense, do not make me repeat myself, you fool. That too is your impulsiveness.]

Emilia: [Ehh? Then, what do you mean?]

If Yorna and her were biologically parent and child, her foxkin blood should have flown inside Priscilla, but that had been denied.

If you were to then think that meant a foster parent, that had also been flatly denied.

Emilia, being a half-elf raised by her mother and aunt by blood Fortuna, had thought Priscilla was the same in some ways.

Emilia: [Not blood related, and not a foster parent… In that case, how is she your mother?]

Priscilla: [Is there any reason why mineself must explain everything to you?]

Emilia: [No, I don’t think so. But if you don’t tell me, I’ll be reaaally curious.]

Knowing it was selfish, Emilia had tried asking Priscilla for the truth. Of course, the possibility that just as she had rejected a friendly relationship, she would refuse to give her an answer, had been high.

However, Priscilla was silent for a moment, and then,

Priscilla: [――Iris and the King of Thorns.]

Emilia: [Eh?]

Priscilla: [It is an old story. Do you know it?]

Emilia: [Well, I do know it. Umm, Lady Petra likes that kind of thing.]

At the words that had abruptly left Priscilla’s lips, Emilia’s eyes widened as she nodded.

She had been taught that “Iris and the King of Thorns” was an old story that had been passed down from long, long ago, and was a historical account that originated from the Vollachian Empire.

Emilia, too, had also heard no more than a brief outline, but from the story she heard from Petra, it seemed like it was a love story between an emperor of Vollachia from long ago called the “King of Thorns,” and a girl named “Iris.”

Unfortunately, Emilia had said that she still did not understand what was so interesting about it, but――,

Emilia: [What about that story? Is it a story that Priscilla likes?]

Priscilla: [It seems you are a half-devil who cannot put two and two together. Naturally, it is bound to be related to the course of the conversation thus far.]

Emilia: [Thus far… Priscilla and Yorna’s parent-child relationship and this old story?]

Priscilla: [――Iris and the King of Thorns had joined hands to bring about an end to the civil war that had swallowed up many races in the Empire. However, right before the pair that were linked heart-to-heart could be wedded, they were betrayed, and the story ends.]

Emilia: […A sad story, isn’t it.]

At the gist of the story Priscilla had told, Emilia muttered this as the corners of her eyebrows dropped.

It was very disheartening when people who had worked their hardest were not rewarded. Now, just as she despaired at the situation the Emperor of Vollachia was placed in, she held the same feelings for the end of the couple that had long ago been made into a story.

At Emilia’s reaction, Priscilla exhaled with a “Ha”,

Priscilla: [However, the story and the historical facts differ. Historically, having lost Iris to betrayal, the “King of Thorns” descended into madness, and decided to eradicate the wolfmen and molemen that had raised their blades. For the few that had escaped, even now, as soon as they are found in the Empire, they are burned at the stake.]

Emilia: [It’s understandable to be angry about that, but… still, the people in this day and age―]

Priscilla: [Have no relation with that? You are no stranger to that yourself, having been persecuted as a half-devil.]

Emilia: [――――]

The sharpness of Priscilla’s phrasing had stung, but Emilia’s skin was hard as iron against that kind of insult. However, even if she did not bleed, the pain of being struck remained the same.

Deciding she would properly complain about that later, Emilia was more curious about where things went from there in the rest of Priscilla’s story.

What had the King of Thorns done after losing Iris and taking revenge on the traitor?

Emilia: [With that, is the story of the King of Thorns over?]

Priscilla: [――. With having merely given in to anger, it could not possibly be said that he had only descended into madness. Thus, after that, the King of Thorns had directed his madness towards Iris, who he had lost.]

Emilia: [Towards Iris?]

Raising her eyebrows at the story’s unexpected turn of events, Emilia repeated back the words she had heard. Priscilla nodded at those words and turned her crimson eyes to the sky.

Frustrated, Emilia’s lips trembled as she sought Priscilla’s next words.

Emilia: [The King of Thorns, what did he do to Iris?]

Priscilla: [He laid a curse upon her.]

Emilia: [A curse? That’s…]

Was that something you would put on someone precious to you, much less someone whose loss caused you suffering?

Indifferent to those doubts of Emilia’s, Priscilla spoke of the curse’s details.

That was――,

Priscilla: [――The secret art of dragging a lost soul back, without handing it over to Od Lagna.]

Emilia: [A dead person’s soul?]

Priscilla: [It is said that there is a secret art called the Sacrament of the Immortal King which can even revive the dead, but its existence is considered questionable. However, this Commandment of Thorns is a curse born of insatiable yearning.]

The dead coming back to life was astounding, but more important than that now was that which was called a curse.

The subject of the souls of the dead and their fate was also discussed at the Pleiades Watchtower through the Books of the Dead, in which the memories of the deceased were imprinted within them.

The existence of the Books of the Dead convinced them of the existence of the soul within humans.

Emilia: [But, what does it mean to drag down a soul? Does it mean they come back to life?]

Priscilla: [It does not work that way. Iris’ body was torn apart after her death, and even if her soul returned, it would not bring her back to life. In the first place, the Commandment of Thorns has no such power.]

Emilia: [Then what would happen? If there was no body――]

If there were no place for the returning soul to enter, where would the soul go?

In response to Emilia’s question, Priscilla quietly lowered her gaze. Instead of looking at the sky, her crimson eyes looked into Emilia’s amethyst ones, and――,

Priscilla: [The usual. If the soul does not return to Od Lagna, it will return to the earth, and without receiving the proper treatment, it will enter its next vessel. ――You could call it resurrection, or even reincarnation.]

Emilia: [――――]

Priscilla: [So long as the curse is not undone, so long as the Commandment of Thorns that entangles them is not undone, the departed soul shall continue to rise again. Again and again it will repeat itself, pilling up the lives and deaths over and over again. ――One of these lives, the life before Yorna Mishigure, was that of mine dear mother.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Abel: [――“Sandra Benedict”, that caught me by surprise.]

Yorna: [You are the one who is far too ill-natured, for you hid the matter of Prisca.]

With firm, cold voices colliding, a quiet heat intermingled in a stone room.

Exchanging their gazes, choosing their words in order to search for what lay in each other’s hearts, were Abel, displaying his true face with the Oni mask that covered his face removed, and Yorna, puffing the purple smoke from her kiseru.

Until just now, there had also been a third person present in this place, Priscilla.

However, as soon as she deemed that the essential discussions had concluded, she immediately excused herself from this place. Abel accepted this attitude, but it did not cause Yorna’s turmoil to vanish.

That was a matter of course. ――For even the mistress of the Demon City could not easily come to grips with the change within her own child.

Yorna: [How about we both honestly admit that our secrecy has had harmful results?]

Abel: [I had my reasons for keeping it a secret. Even you should be able to guess.]

Yorna: [――. That’s… indeed.]

Casting her eyes down at Abel’s answer, Yorna ruminated while her long eyelashes quivered.

Her unexpected encounter with Priscilla brought about an enormous ripple through Yorna’s heart. That was a reality that she had never expected, nor harbored even a fragment of hope for, as it had been an absolute impossibility.

In negation of that, a healthy Priscilla appeared before her in such a way, and while it filled Yorna with joy, there was no doubt it had been a tremendous gamble for Abel.

The situation of Priscilla=Prisca still being alive was one that should not have been possible.

Behind the scenes of that impossible event, there was no doubt that Abel was involved.

Yorna: [Just what are you――?]

Abel: [――That which I promised you, was a means to dispel that Commandment of Thorns. Perchance, if you desire the answer to that question, I have no reason to grant you any other reward.]

Yorna: [――――]

Straight to her face, Abel rejected Yorna’s query.

Abel refused to speak of that answer, forcing Yorna to weigh it against her greatest desire.

For so, so long already, piling up lives and deaths time after time, this soul continued to view the world.

Even though she could barely remember the face of that person anymore, that was why――.

Abel: [Yorna Mishigure―― No, thou who the King of Thorns fell in love with at first sight, Iris.]

Indeed, using the name that long, long ago, Yorna’s beloved person had used many times to call out to her, the man at the front of however many generations had piled up with the blood of her beloved person, called out to Yorna.

Abel: [Muster up more of your courage. For your dearest wish, and above all―― to keep Prisca Benedict, the daughter who you should have lost, alive in the future.]

In a voice so cold that it was incomparable to that of her beloved person, he imposed so.

[1] – Pun: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ho-Ren-So The word for spinach (horensou) and ho-ren-so sound the same.

--- Chapter 81: The Fierce Lady and the Clown ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The Sacred Vollachian Empire, under the reign of its current emperor, Vincent Vollachia, was enjoying an era of peace and tranquility unprecedented since its founding.

There had been small skirmishes, but other than the rebellion of Yorna Mishigure, there was no situation where thousands of people were involved in a conflict.

As long as the relationship with the Kingdom of Lugunica, which had been in a standoff for many years, remained stagnant, no civil war or even a situation of falling into territorial disputes with other countries could happen.

It was easy to say that the times were on their side, but that did not bring peace of mind to all the hard work that had gone into maintaining this peace.

To begin with, was this a feat that could be accomplished simply by having the times on one’s side?

To continue to take the very fact of wars away from the Vollachian Empire, which had been a constant source of strife and reason for conflict, for nine years of its reign, was a contradictory act of kindling a bonfire on thin ice.

It was due to the skill of Vincent Vollachia, the current emperor, who had even been called a “pacifist”.

However――,

???: [――Though I’m sure His Excellency would never be happy about being called a “pacifist” himself.]

???: [Reaaally~? You don’t feel bad about being recognized for your deeds, regardless of whether they were right or wrong, do you? In fact, the stability of the country is what His Excellency the Emperor wants, isn’t it?]

???: [So you’re proud to be called a “Demi-Human Lover”?]

???: [Undeniably. I’m the one who popularized the name in the first place!]

???: [Good grief, this looks to be the wrong person to make an example of. These days, my old friends who visit me are an odd lot. It keeps me occupied, though.]

The woman donned a wild smile on her beautiful face and narrowed her green eyes as she brushed her bangs back from her forehead.

She was tall and slender with a supple, well-trained body.

Her long, smooth-skinned arms and legs and feminine curves were enclosed in a merchant marine-like garb, and she carried a curved sword in its scabbard beside the fine chair on which she sat. Her whole body was filled with the high spirits characteristic of a warrior, as if to prove that it was not an ornament but a practical weapon.

Above all, on her left cheek, there was a long, large, white scar that ran from her forehead to her chin.

It was an eye-catching scar, and once you saw it, it was burned into your mind and difficult to forget.

However, even the scar was nothing more than an ornament to the person who gave others the impression that she was beautiful, the “Scorching Lady” as she was called.

――The “Scorching Lady” High Countess Serena Dracroy.

That was the name and title of the fierce lady before them, one of the greatest nobles in the Vollachian Empire.

To Roswaal, her counterpart, she was a friend with whom he had been in contact from across the country since before this all happened.

Roswaal: [Of course, aaaaas long as you are serious when you call me an old friend.]

Serena: [Friends or not, I’m not going to play such trivial games with you. First of all, when you are a high countess, all anyone wants to do is to talk about profit and loss. Sometimes I want to have luxurious small talk without such things. Is that too much to hope for?]

Roswaal: [I’m not saying it’s too much to hope for, but I’m heartbroooken~ by that sorrowful plea.]

With a small chuckle, Roswaal reached for a cup from the table in front of him and sipped his tea, enjoying the warm aroma. The aromatic warmth danced on his tongue. ――Unfortunately, Roswaal could not glean much more than that from the food and drink.

The lack of taste in anything he eats or drinks is part of the burden Roswaal had to bear, and the price he had to pay, in order to get to where he is today.

At any rate, there was no way he could not thank her for the hospitality she had extended to him as a guest.

There, Roswaal glanced at the petite figure sitting next to him, the one who had probably enjoyed the taste of the tea on Roswaal’s behalf, who had let out a small sigh,

???: [These tea leaves have lost their potency. It’s recommended that you change the waitstaff.]

Her sharp crimson eyes narrowed, and she commented on the tea with an even sharper statement.

Roswaal closed one eye at her relentless and dismissive tone, while its recipient laughed in amusement with a “Ha”,

Serena: [Something so clearly stated. Should the waitstaff be changed?]

???: [Yes, they are being disrespectful to the tea leaves.]

Serena: [In fact, with everything in the household being so busy, I was the one who brewed this tea.]

???: [Is that so? Then, it would be for the best if you did not make it at all.]

Serena: [A girl who doesn’t know how to show due consideration, I like that. You have a fine wife.]

With teeth showing in response, Serena looked at Roswaal mischievously.

As usual, she was a woman of great magnanimity, or perhaps, a woman who showed a forgiving attitude toward rudeness and impoliteness. Despite her position as a prominent noblewoman, she did not have the usual personality of being obsessed with authority.

This way of thinking and being had not changed since the first time they met.

Roswaal: [However, I’m not the kind of person who caaan’t~ tell the difference between rudeness and an insult. Please watch what you say, Ram, because this is only marginally humorous.]

Ram: [That is understood, dear .]

Roswaal: [――. Serena, I must correct you; she is my servant, nooot~ my wife.]

Serena: [I see, I guess it wasn’t like your demi-human tastes were finally caught. The relationship between our two countries was tense, but I had thought not having an invitation to the ceremony was rather standoffish.]

Roswaal sighed at Ram, who had calmly accepted what he had pointed out and then unconcernedly moved closer. Serena’s response as she chuckled to herself also seemed slightly off from Roswaal’s intentions.

However, from experience, Roswaal had known for a while now that the deeper he dug into this subject, the more detrimental it would be. Therefore, he would not delve any further.

In any case――,

Ram: [Even so, Ram was surprised when she heard it. That is, that Roswaal-sama and Countess Dracroy had such a close relationship.]

Serena: [I doubt I could unscrupulously call a relationship without contact in years “close”. When I think about it, to come visit me without contacting me in this hectic situation… If you were to be that overtly rude, I would surely end up wanting to burn you to death like my father.]

Roswaal: [Serena, that joke isn’t very funny if you’re not from the Empire.]

Serena: [Hmm? Is that so. In high society, it’s usually a sure bet at making people laugh.]

That statement, which had unintentionally made Ram be taken aback, was a joke which poked fun at one event from her succession conflict―― In fact, it had come from the true story of how she had burned her father to death and seized control of the Dracroy household.

Since she had said that the sword wound on her cheek was also inflicted by her father before she killed him, it had made Ram reflect on her courage in having ended up deciding it was a funny anecdote, and on the attitude of the Empire that laughed it off.

When Roswaal had gotten to know her, she had still been a teenager―― Serena had visited the Kingdom of Lugunica on business, and had endeavored to resolve a dispute that had occurred there.

To put it simply, since he saved Serena’s life when she had been targeted by assassins, and moreover, revealed that the attempt was orchestrated by her father who had shunned her, his ties to the Dracroy family were unexpectedly deep.

However, Serena’s personality had not changed before or after that fierce experience, so she must have been born with her fortitudinous, fiery demeanor.

Roswaal: [It’s true that I want to reminisce over old stories, and behaviour in your high society, but… As you might have guessed, there was a reason why we suddenly visited without contacting youuu~.]

A pleasant chat with an old friend was also enticing, but there was nothing important to Roswaal other than the fulfillment of his long-cherished wish.

Everything in Roswaal’s life was for the sake of a wish that had sunk to the deepest recesses of his heart. ――Therefore, his visit to the Empire, and even his blinking and breathing, were all contributions for the sake of his dearest wish.

Roswaal: [――――]

Currently, Roswaal and Ram had parted ways with Emilia and the others, visited the territory of High Countess Dracroy in the northwestern part of the Empire and were having an audience with Serena Dracroy, the lord.

Needless to say, the purpose of the visit was to secure Subaru and Rem, who had disappeared from the Pleiades Watchtower and were believed to have been hurled to the distant land of the Empire. For Roswaal, it would have been enough if he could secure Subaru, but he had not done a foolish thing like saying that aloud.

In any case, they would bring their missing friends back to the Kingdom. That was the purpose of this journey.

However, even if they were to say that their goal was to merely bring them home, the matter was not that easy or straightforward.

For the four major countries other than the Kingdom of Lugunica, they all had their own reasons for why coming and going was difficult. The Kararagi City States, which required connections and a lot of money, were relatively preferable, and one could say that the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko was excusable in its ease of understanding, as long as one didn’t err in their timing and approach to their faith.

From that point of view, the Empire, which did not get along with the Kingdom, surpassed the rest in difficulty.

Relations between Lugunica and Vollachia had historically been bad for a long time, and although they had now miraculously confirmed a non-aggression pact, that too was doubtful in how far they could freely trust in it.

Rather than being proof or a sign of friendly relations, the confirmed non-aggression pact gave the strong feeling of a warning that, since it was time for both countries to shift their focus inwards, they should be careful not to interfere with each other unnecessarily.

It appeared likely that there was a connection between the matter of the national border now being blocked, and the backing for the non-aggression pact.

Or possibly――,

Serena: [――This major incident shaking the Imperial Capital was also a plot by a faction that wants to annul the non-aggression pact or something? There’s a limit to how suspicious you can be. It’s an idea unbecoming of a man of the Kingdom.]

Serena’s green eyes suddenly narrowed as she guessed exactly what was on Roswaal’s mind.

This fierce lady was rather sociable, though had catastrophic tea-brewing abilities; however, she was one of the very few in the Empire entrusted with the role of High Countess, with powers of observation that were genuine.

Imperialism, unlike the way things were done in the Kingdom, did not question age or origin if one had ability. Inevitably, the more capable one was, the higher the position one obtained.

Accordingly, Serena Dracroy had earned and continued to hold the position of High Countess.

The point she just made was another possibility that Roswaal had considered and taken to heart.

By the time Roswaal and his group had entered the Empire, the fuel of the rebellion was already bearing smoke. Until now, the efforts to quench the fires, which had been done at the first sign of trouble, had not borne fruit.

If the high probability that this would lead to full-scale rebellion was seen, then naturally they must have been some cause present there.

That was why――,

Ram: [――A war for territory with the Kingdom of Lugunica, that is what they are looking for.]

When Serena pointed out that she was skeptical, Ram placed her hands on her lap, and spoke in a quiet voice.

The eyes of the fierce lady turned to Ram, and she stared straight back at them with her light-crimson eyes.

Ram: [Above the reign of Emperor Vincent Vollachia being threatened, there are those who do not desire the peace that has been created. If that is the case, then after destroying the peace and quiet, what would those people want? It is natural to wonder if that is the Kingdom of Lugunica.]

Serena: [Is that so? There are people who revolt just because they don’t like the idea of anyone being superior to them. Such was the case last year with the leader of a band who raised their swords against me.]

Ram: [Let’s leave those peculiar instances out of the discussion.]

Serena: [I wouldn’t go as far as to call it peculiar, but you certainly missed the point.]

With a finger running along her shapely chin, Serena scrutinized Ram’s opinion.

Roswaal did not interject during the discussion because he saw nothing in Ram’s opinion that needed correction. He had never discussed these impending issues with Ram, but he was not surprised that she was also concerned about the same possibilities as he was.

In any case――,

Roswaal: [Serena, surely you don’t wish to go to war with the Kingdom of Lugunica either. Of course, it’s a different story if you’re so outraged that you want to rebel against the Emperor.]

Serena: [Fortunately, I’ve never been dissatisfied with His Excellency’s meritocracy. The behavior of General First-Class Yorna, whose tantrums from time to time are also a stranger to me as someone who possesses territory far away from the Demon City. It’s just…]

Roswaal: [It’s just?]

Serena: [That I don’t wish for war with the Kingdom, what kind of speculation did that view arise from? Supposing you say that our side will stand little chance, my heart will also start to waver with the wind.]

Serena’s lips relaxed while she looked at her, her gaze infused with a tingling sensation.

It was her way of expressing her own pride in Roswaal’s words. She was called the Scorching Lady, and as a woman who held the position of High Countess with her prowess, it was inexcusable for her to be looked down upon.

That was not the basis on which to compare Ram’s remarks about tea.

Serena did not pour her heart and soul into tea, but she did pour her heart and soul into her family name.

Serena: [How about it, Roswaal. Am I mistaken? Or, was it your slip of the tongue?]

Roswaal: [Hmm…]

Serena questioned him in order to block off his escape routes, and as he looked back into the green eyes of his old friend, Roswaal noticed Ram next to him, peering at his side.

From the change in the atmosphere, she could probably sense that the result would be poor depending on how he answered.

In addition, if Serena’s good mood were to be soured, it would make it very difficult for Roswaal and the others to move around in the Empire. Not simply because they would lose their backer or supporter, but also because Serena knew of Roswaal’s background.

Taking all of that into account, and adding Serena’s personality and humanity into the mix, the best answer that Roswaal could give in this situation was――,

Roswaal: [Indeed, sorry about the misunderstanding. Let’s rectify that. ――If it comes to war with the Kingdom, a large amount of blood shall be shed in futility. That of the Empire, too. That’s why I don’t recommend it.]

Serena: [Oh?]

Serena’s eyebrows twitched and lifted at Roswaal’s matter-of-fact response.

The pale sword-inflicted scar on her face trembled, and the pupils of her eyes narrowed slightly. It had not yet connected to an outburst of emotion, but depending on the words that followed, such an outcome may arise.

But he had already decided on the words that would follow. Neither did he intend to attempt any lies nor pretense on her.

Were the Kingdom and the Empire to battle, a great deal of Imperial blood would be spilled.

The heart of the matter was――,

Roswaal: [After all, the Kingdom has the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea. Every Imperial Soldier who comes across the border will amass into a great river of blood.]

Serena: [Oh come on, that’s an illegal move!]

Roswaal: [Even if you call it an illegal move, as long as it exists, there is no choice buuut~ to place it on the table for discussion. Though as you say, it’s a trump card that destroys the discussion. However…]

At that point, Roswaal cut off his words, and closed one of eyes, which differed in color between left and right, leaving only blue side open,

Roswaal: [There will be no hesitation whatsoever to play this trump card at the outset.]

Normally, trump cards and secret weapons are meant to be saved if at all possible, but this was not the case with the Sword Saint. To draw that card at the outset would be the most effective, and the results would also be stupendous.

Above all, the person in question would accept the duty with pleasure.

Serena: [Good grief, not even having the decency to let me do a thought experiment, you’ll make me cry, military strategist.]

Suddenly, the atmosphere from just before dissipated, and Serena flumped her weight against the back of her chair. She pouted her lips as if she were a sulking little girl,

Serena: [In the Empire, I have only been able to hear rumors, but… From your point of view, is that which is called the Sword Saint a supernatural monster?]

Roswaal: [Up until the previous generation, the Sword Saints also haaad~ a certain charm to them, but the current generation’s Sword Saint is more appropriate for that expression. If you do not know the real thing, you won’t be able to actually feel that, though.]

Serena: [The way you speak, it’s just as if you have seen all Sword Saints up until now. However, I see…]

Raising a wry smile at Roswaal’s response, Serena frowned with her shapely eyebrows.

Due to their long relationship, Serena believed that there was no way Roswaal was going to speak words without much thought put into them, and was thoroughly scrutinizing him.

However, for all Imperials other than her, whether they would be reasonable had yet to be decided.

Roswaal: [If you overestimate your own power, or underestimate the power of the Sword Saint, you will be unable to escape the tragedy. So, I shall blow an adverse wind into your mind. You shoooould~ not go to war.]

Serena: [――――]

Roswaal: [Annnd~ well, supposing you choose to wage war against the Kingdom, then at that time, I’ll become your opponent. Shall I show you? The ruthlessness of the relentless onslaught of magic from an altitude so high that you would not be able to do a thing.]

Although he shrugged his shoulders and jested about showing her, Roswaal was also quite the strategic force to be reckoned with.

Although not as powerful as the Sword Saint, he could still suppress thousands of common soldiers by simply flying through the air and wielding magic. If he chose battlegrounds he had a strong compatibility with, it was also possible that he could overcome the war front by his lonesome.

Serena: [In that regard, I can easily believe it, unlike the hearsay about the Sword Saint. After all, I have seen a glimpse of that with my own eyes.]

Roswaal: [That was also over a decade ago. Currently, I can show you far more developed magic now than I did back theeen~.]

Serena: [You’re an unfathomable man. Be that as it may, outstanding power comes with its own set of shackles. I guess that’s the reason why you are unable to wield it freely in the Empire.]

Roswaal: [Correct.]

This time, having been cornered, it was Roswaal’s turn to put his hands where she could see them.

In fact, if the tactics they had just discussed were to be put into action, Roswaal would continuously rain magic from high in the sky, out of reach of people, and would be able to reduce the Empire into naught but scorched earth until his mana was exhausted.

However, even when speaking in terms of the wide world, there was no one except Roswaal in the world today who was capable of doing such a thing with magic. It would be more or less the same in the places he used discretion.

Showing his preeminent magical talent within the Vollachian Empire was similar to exposing his true identity.

Therefore, Roswaal had to refrain from any flamboyant behavior after having entered the Empire.

The same reasoning and restrictions had been imposed on Emilia during their time apart.

Ram: [Though in the situation over there, there’s a chance that she’ll forget about that and flare up right away.]

Roswaal: [I’m going to have to rely on the children she has with her over theeere~. Well, if I take the circumstances into account, Garfiel should also be able to keep her in check, so I shouldn’t worry too too much.]

Or rather, if he was unable to place trust in them, he would not have gone separate ways in the first place.

That it would be okay to entrust decisions over there to them, because he had trust in that, the current state resulted. ――Such a way of putting it like “trust”, he thought that if Otto and Petra were to hear it then they would certainly make a disagreeable face.

Serena: [――Let me guess, you were not the only ones who entered the Empire under these circumstances, were you?]

While Roswaal and Ram exchanged words, Serena, who raised her posture from the back of her chair, continued. As she met their gazes, she traced the sword-inflicted wound on her cheek with her finger, and,

Serena: [Something you’re looking for… no, someone you’re looking for? It appears to be someone greatly important to you guys.]

Roswaal: [Even in the relationship between you and I, your way of asking sure makes it difficult to nod alooong~.]

Serena: [Nevertheless, your actions serve as proof for that. Otherwise, one would not go through the trouble of crossing the locked down border to come into Vollachia. ――Unless it is destiny.]

Narrowing her eyes just slightly, Serena muttered in a quiet voice.

Unable to understand what she meant, Roswaal frowned with a feeling of unease. However, before he could question the true meaning of those words, Ram was quick to nod and say, “Yes”,

Ram: [There is someone I must bring back at all costs. Someone equivalent to Ram’s very life.]

Roswaal: [Ram.]

Ram: [No amount of hiding it or deception is going to work with her.]

Although he chided Ram, who easily disclosed information that was not unlikely to become a weak point, Ram retorted, and Roswaal was instead unable to offer a rebuttal.

If the action itself could be said to be the answer, then the truth was just that.

Roswaal: [However, even if you’re going to show weakness, then you should have some presentation techniques.]

Serena: [Don’t condemn Ram like that. Isn’t it a commendable thing? What surprises me more is that you went to such lengths for the sake of what’s important to her. She appears to be very important to you.]

Ram: [Yes, because there is no replacement for Ram.]

Roswaal: [That is an undeniable fact, but I’m somewhaaat~ concerned about the way you put it.]

Roswaal and Ram claimed that there is someone they wanted to bring back, although that someone differed between the two of them.  This in turn, seemed to have caused a misunderstanding for Serena, who did not know that this was the case.

Since they wanted to secure assistance, they would share detailed information about the people they were searching for afterwards.

Serena: [――Whatever the case, I understand why you warned us not to start a war.]

With the conversation having returned to Roswaal’s warning, the discussion before this last one, Serena’s expression had suddenly stiffened. She looked at the naturally tense faces of Roswaal and Ram, and with a mindful gaze, she continued, “But”,

Serena: [I’ll listen to your advice, but I can’t vouch for the attitude of the other citizens of the Empire. Most of them would go into a frenzy, even if they were to be told they had no chance of winning a fight against the “Sword Saint”.]

Roswaal: [That is a point of difference with the Kingdom, where there is no need to explain the true power of the “Sword Saaaint~”.]

Ram: [Yes, that is correct. In the Kingdom, if you had the chance to get a glimpse of the “Sword Saint” Reinhard, there would be no need for any further explanation.]

Since the four great countries shared a treaty prohibiting Reinhard from leaving the country of Lugunica, the people of other countries had almost no chance of ever seeing him.

If they could have gotten that chance, there also would not have been any need to bother with this kind of roundabout persuasion.

――One look at the “Sword Saint” Reinhard van Astrea, and anyone could have sensed right away just how foolish it would be to oppose him.

Only lunatics living in a world completely detached from reason would not understand that.

Serena: [If it is really as grave as it sounds, I guess I can only hope that His Excellency will suppress the rebellion without incident, or that the rebel side taking his place is reasonable.]

The rebellion had already broken out, and caused the public to take interest in what really their objective was.

If the rebel side had concrete ideas and no unreasonable ambitions like fighting the Kingdom, the war between the two countries and the massive bloodshed Roswaal had spoken of could be avoided.

Of course, there would be nothing better than if the Emperor’s side could suppress the rebellion properly.

Roswaal: [No matter how this civil war is resolved, it would be troubling if an attack is aimed at Lugunica afterwards. Because a quarrel with the Empire would be an incident I have not planned for.]

――All of Roswaal’s actions were a path leading towards a dearest wish that must be granted.

Thus, the fact that he had acquired the opportunity to have an audience with Serena in the Empire was also no exception.

It wasn’t any different in regards to desiring assistance for the sake of bringing Subaru back, or persuading her, an influential person within the Empire, of the futility of going to war with the Kingdom.

For Roswaal’s dearest wish, Subaru’s presence was indispensable.

Furthermore, a fight with the Vollachian Empire, or something of that sort, was not included in the path Roswaal had to follow. So this was not the time for a war between the Kingdom and the Empire.

There must be no interference until the day of the “Dragonkindling Ceremony”, when the covenant between the Kingdom and the Dragon will be renewed.

Issues that hinder the Royal Selection must be removed.

And for that――,

Roswaal: [――We must have His Excellency the Emperor quickly suppress the rebellion, and far extend this first time of peace and tranquility since the founding of the Vollachian Empire]

Serena: [Hmm? I haven’t seen that evil look in a long time. Some kind of sinister plot?]

Hearing Roswaal’s words, Serena raised her eyebrows in amusement.

He himself was not aware of the evil face that had been pointed out, but from what she said, he must have had such an expression. Nevertheless, Roswaal’s plans should not run counter to Serena’s expectations either.

She was also a member of the Imperial nobility, and as long as she did not take part in the rebellion herself, she should naturally side with the Emperor.

Ram: [Countess Dracroy.]

Suddenly, next to Roswaal as he was thinking that, Ram started her own conversation with Serena.

At that call, Serena looked at Ram and,

Ram: [May Ram have a moment?]

Serena: [Sure, I don’t mind. Though, please don’t call me Countess Dracroy. I just want to chat with a friend …Serena, please]

Ram: [Then, Serena-sama. ――It seems you are really close with Roswaal-sama, correct?]

Serena: [Yes?]

Serena’s eyes widened when Ram, who had changed on what to call her, focused her gaze on her. However, her face instantly turned into a mischievous one, and she nodded and said, “I see, I see.”

Roswaal had a bad presentiment about what it was she had just realized.

Serena: [You’re curious about how I met this guy, right? From the looks of it, you guys also seem to have known each other for a long time but…]

Ram: [It’s been exactly ten years.]

Serena: [In that case, we’ve been acquainted just a little longer. Ram, can you drink?]

Ram: [It is not at the same level as with tea, but Ram is pretty picky if it comes to alcohol.]

Serena: [Alright!]

Serena slapped her knees with her palms and gave Ram a smile of her own.

It seemed like it would come to them having a good drink with reminiscent talks serving as a snack. Moreover, if they were going to talk about when he had met Serena, Roswaal also had a few youthful indiscretions.

Roswaal: [Serena, I appreciate the invitation, but we have some urgent business to attend to. About those matters――]

Serena: [You want my help for that, don’t you? If that’s the case, all the more reason you shouldn’t spoil my mood. If you haven’t seen me in a while, then at least have a drink with me]

Roswaal: […Ram.]

Giving up on trying to dissuade Serena from her unheeding attitude, Roswaal looked at Ram.

Just as Roswaal wanted to bring Subaru back, Ram had come to the Empire to bring back her other half, Rem. She thought since she had sincerely answered Serena’s earlier questioning, she might be able to bring her mind from wine glasses back to a constructive discussion.

However――,

Ram: [Barusu aside, Ram does not think it would be wise to refuse Serena-sama’s offer for Rem’s sake.]

Roswaal: [Really, is that the only reaaason~?]

Ram: [Of course, if Ram could also hear stories about Roswaal-sama before he met Ram and the others, then even if we end up in the same stalemate, Ram could say it was an excellent plan.]

Ram was not ashamed if it could serve her goals and have real benefits at the same time.

And much to Roswaal’s regret, Ram and Serena were exceedingly compatible. There was no doubt that their drunk talk would also be lively, and that they would get along well.

That would very well be the beginning of a headache for Roswaal.

Roswaal: [In a sense, I should perhaps see this as a necessary price to pay?]

All so that they could reach their goal, then leave the Empire and return to the Kingdom.

When he called on an old friend and asked for help, he was prepared to pay some kind of price. However, he had by no means thought it would turn out like this.

Serena: [Just now, another guest left right before you guys arrived. She sure was a merry one, so I was about to feel lonely.]

Ram: [Because they were also close to you?]

Serena: [Technically, it was the husband of the guest with whom I had been close, but yes. She should be back soon, so I’ll introduce them then. Right now, rather than that――]

Having stood up, Serena headed to the display cabinet in the corner of the room. When the door opened, lined up inside were a variety of bottles of alcohol, large and small, and they could see she had great taste.

Serena chose one of them, and while she was returning with three glasses from the shelf,

Serena: [It was when I was serving as an emissary representing my father, that I happened to meet Roswaal. I was targeted by assassins while heading to the Kingdom… they were sent by my father, but Roswaal saved me there.]

Ram: [So that is how it was. Continue.]

Then, alcohol was poured into the glasses on the table, and the old stories began.

The conversation between the curious Ram and the talkative Serena was lively, and while Roswaal felt uncomfortable, he decided that this was a necessary moment and surrendered himself.

Roswaal: [――――]

All for the fulfillment of his dearest wish, and to regain the pieces necessary for that――.

――Roswaal’s predictions had missed their mark, and he was compelled to prevent getting even more deeply involved in the Empire’s civil war, when two days later, the name of the black-haired maiden siding with the rebel army, “Natsumi Schwartz,” reached Countess Dracroy’s manor and Ram seized control of High Countess Serena Dracroy.

--- Chapter 82: The Rebels’ Intent ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Serena: [――Ultimately, subduing my person will keep the Dracroy domain from making a move. As I thought, you’ve got yourself a fine wife, haven’t you Roswaal?]

Roswaal: […It’s troublesome that I have had to correct you countless times already, but Ram is my atteeendant~.]

Met with Serena’s comment, who was unusually brave considering the circumstances placed upon her, Roswaal unpleasantly replied while feeling like he was at his wit’s end.

Visiting Serena’s territory, the Dracroy Domain, he was searching for someone in the Vollachian Empire―― In order to secure the missing persons of Subaru and Rem, he had requested assistance two days earlier.

Holding the position of High Countess, Serena was widely known throughout the Empire. It was hoped that she would be able to obtain highly accurate information, with the condition that it was about “A boy with black hair, black eyes, who would stand out whether he wanted to or not.”

No matter where he was whisked off to, it was hard to believe that Subaru would keep quiet, so the degree of their expectations were high in that sense as well.

Therefore, it was inevitable that this would happen, and at the same time it was unexpected.

Roswaal: [Ram, let me ask just in case, but the reason for this reckless action is…]

Ram: [――It is Natsumi Schwartz.]

Roswaal: [Isn’t thaaat right?]

The sound spun by Ram’s lips, it held the meaning of a name that was difficult for Roswaal to disregard.

Having been sent off to the Empire, Natsuki Subaru, isolated without support, directed a distress signal to those who understood the meaning of that name―― Roswaal and Ram also immediately picked up on its intent.

In indicating that he was here, Subaru’s judgment was unusually praiseworthy. Indeed, Subaru’s actions themselves were without fault.

If there was a problem, it was the “side” from which the beacon of that distress signal had been raised.

Therefore, Ram resorted to what could be called a surprise attack or reckless action.

The result yielded a scene of Ram holding her wand thrust forward, forcing Serena to keep seated on the sofa. However, this could not be blamed solely on Ram’s reckless behavior.

The reason was――,

Serena: [――The black-haired maiden leading the rebellion, Natsumi Schwartz, is the person you’re searching for?]

Ram: [To be precise, that person is an added bonus for Ram.]

Serena: [Though, that is not the case for Roswaal. Thus, what is not so for Roswaal, must be extraordinarily important to you.]

At the words of Serena, whose movements were being restrained by the wand pointed at her, Ram held her tongue.

Even while Ram prevented her from moving about, Serena’s thinking remained sharp. In these circumstances, she did not lose her composure, and had a general understanding of Roswaal and Ram’s situation.

――”Natsumi Schwartz” was something like a pseudonym that Natsuki Subaru had been using.

Although the exact meaning of the name was more complicated than that, if one considered the reasoning behind Subaru’s deliberate use of it in the Empire, his intention in using the pseudonym was clear.

Roswaal too, would like to respect that intention if possible, but――,

Roswaal: [Of all the things, to be on the side of the rebel army is…]

Even though he could pick up on the intention of using a pseudonym, the direction from which the beacon had been raised had been unexpected.

The rebellion that had occurred in the midst of them smuggling themselves into the Empire was already cause for concern. It was no exaggeration to say that not only had it sprouted, but had also blossomed into a poisonous flower.

For better or for worse, it was truly Subaru-like to not proceed as they had expected.

Roswaal: [Ram, have you also received any of Subaru-kun’s baaad~ influence?]

Ram: [That is unthinkable. There is not a single breath of Barusu’s influence on Ram’s behavior.]

Serena: [Even though you have been put into this situation as the result of his actions in the first place?]

Ram: [Roswaal-sama, the discussion with Serena-sama.]

As soon as the situation deteriorated, she changed the subject and pushed for the initiative.

Closing one eye at Ram’s boldness in speaking, Roswaal turned to face Serena once again.

Currently, Roswaal and Ram had been summoned to her office, and had just heard about the “black-haired maiden” from none other than Serena’s lips.

Having been told about the features of Subaru and Rem, the people being searched for, she probably had the impression that it was just to the extent of a conversation topic with the detail of “black hair”. However, it was something holding a meaning which Roswaal and Ram could not miss.

Serena: [Regarding the problems that have occurred in the Fortress City, as a High Countess, I must make some sort of declaration of my intentions.]

It happened directly after Serena had declared this. ――That Ram moved to suppress her.

The bold nature of Serena, and the fact that she did not have guards stationed in her office would be the ruin of her.

Her personal guards were standing by in the hallway outside the office, oblivious to the high tension in the room. Of course, as soon as Serena raised her voice, they would storm into the office.

Ram: [In that case, I will tear Serena-sama apart.]

Serena: [Oh, how frightening. I like it when I can tell you’re serious and not just making threats. Roswaal, you are…]

Roswaal: [She is not my spouse, but my servant… that discussion is already settled. I’d rather make an effort to return to a peaceful rapport between the three of us, without changing the nature of our relaaationship~.]

Serena: [“Us”, what a terribly laudable way of putting it. For you, who always deems everything as the matters of other people, to harbor the problem as your own is refreshing.]

At the chuckling Serena, Roswaal sighed with one eye closed.

It was certainly just as she said, as because of what Ram had done, it could not be the matters of other people. It was not about the master-servant relationship or responsibility, but it was also an emotional issue.

Besides, while Ram’s action was certainly hasty, it could simultaneously be said that the haste was the value of the reckless action.

After all, if Ram was not suppressing Serena――,

Roswaal: [Your pride, the Flying Dragon Squadron, will burn the rebels to nothing in the blink of an eye.]

Serena: [――――]

At Roswaal’s words, Serena Dracroy slightly narrowed her eyes.

The Flying Dragon Squadron owned by Countess Dracroy―― That was, commanding the numerous flying dragons that inhabited the Vollachian Empire, the attack force that flew around the Empire’s tallest summits freely.

Originally, flying dragon riders, who possessed the technique of taming flying dragons, allowing them to command the flying dragons that bore no thought for people, would display overwhelming fighting strength on the battlefield. Because Roswaal could take flight, and thereby had the capability to completely defeat most opponents, he understood. ――He understood that mastery of the air was the ultimate move to dominate the battlefield.

Therefore, in the Vollachian Empire, it was easy for the houses with excellent flying dragon riders to elevate their military gains.

Surpassing the trend that has been going since before the previous generation Count Dracroy, Serena Dracroy’s era is considered to have the strongest Flying Dragon Squadron.

If she truly wanted to mobilize the Flying Dragon Squadron, an ordinary rebellion would be no problem whatsoever.

Serena: [Unexpectedly, the person you are looking for is now in the rebel army, and you are troubled that I will deploy my troops. But, you can’t just stand here and stare at me forever, can you? How will you proceed?]

Ram: [Serena-sama, what about your family?]

Serena: [It’s pointless if you’re looking for a relative. I haven’t found a good partner since Roswaal dumped me.]

Ram: [Roswaal-sama?]

Roswaal: [Don’t take jokes to be the truth. In general, such a thing as fellow aristocrats of the Kingdom and the Empire, the relationship between both countries makes it impooossible~. Serena, this is not the time to be making jokes.]

Even when disregarding Roswaal and Serena’s relationship, Ram could not be said to be very patient right now.

Although it was hard to tell from a quick glance, Ram strongly regretted the events at the Pleiades Watchtower. She blamed herself for losing Subaru and Rem and being separated from them.

There was no doubt that her impatience was behind her extreme actions this time as well.

Roswaal: [Let’s not provoke Ram unnecessarily, shall we not try to aim for a good landing together?]

Serena: [A good landing together, huh? If that’s the case, what exactly do you guys specifically want?]

Roswaal: [――――]

Serena: [There are no fools who would fly on a flying dragon without a destination. In such a case, the mileage would be bad, and my riders are also precious. If you’re going to call anything here unnecessary, it would be just that. You should understand my concerns. Right?]

Resting her chin upon a single one of her hands, Serena gazed at Roswaal as if testing him.

Considering that Subaru had joined the rebel army, since it was highly likely that Rem was also there, it was not unreasonable for Ram to have made a quick decision. Blaming him for that in itself was meaningless as long as time could not be turned back.

If they wanted to, there was the means of harming Serena, then taking advantage of the chaos to flee from the territory.

However, that would be nothing more than a foolish act which abandons their original goal, and creates needless enemies. Even in an Empire where strength meant everything, soldiers were not so foolish as to gratefully accept when their masters were defeated by foul play.

To dampen the power of the Flying Dragon Squadron under Countess Dracroy’s possession, such a thing may have been welcomed by the rebel army, Roswaal held doubts about if that action was worth his old friend’s head.

Of course, if it was a necessary sacrifice for his dearest wish, Roswaal would not hesitate to take Serena’s life.

Though, if the sacrifice was not needed, then he did not think he would go out of his way to make it.

Therefore, the words that Roswaal offered here to Serena were――,

Roswaal: [――In this situation, would you like to join the rebellion together with us?]

Serena: [Huh?]

Roswaal: [If you do that, then the discord between you and us will be buried. If our goals become the same, Ram will lose her reason to point her wand at you. Essentially, we’ll be able to settle things between us peacefully.]

Serena’s eyes widened at Roswaal, who said this bluntly with his hands folded in front of his chest.

Shock and astonishment flashed in those eyes of hers, and so did a little bit of inquisitiveness. With the meaning of her interest being piqued, she did not give a remark that was completely off base.

Relying on that, Roswaal began to work on his relationship with her.

Serena: [Settle things peacefully you say, but it seems that would only be about here. What awaits at the end of your invitation is an insurrection. My territory has received relief from His Excellency the Emperor, what gain would there be unnecessarily aggravating the situation――]

Roswaal: [――You have no dissatisfaction with His Excellency the Emperor. Is that truly the case?]

Serena spoke logically about the security of her foothold. However, interrupting her mid-sentence, Roswaal looked her straight in the eye.

As a High Countess of the Empire, she was a talented person who appeared to be broadminded and good at actualizing her intentions. For this reason, he had to look her firmly in the eye when he told her this.

Emilia: [When somebody is speaking with you, you should look at their face!]

Suddenly, those words flashed through Roswaal’s mind.

Unexpectedly, he felt like he had received a push from those words, and――,

Roswaal: [It’s not like I spent the last two days passing the time quieeeetly~. While you were busy, I’ve been pricking up my ears as much as I could.]

Serena: [So instead of keeping my alcohol company until morning, you’ve been hard at work eavesdropping?]

Roswaal: [With the workload you have, I recommend you change your lifestyle of drinking until morning every day.]

It would naturally be different with the conditions that guests were being welcomed at a time of peace, but even then, his earnest wish as her old friend was for her to curb the amount she drinks.

In any case, putting his concerns over Serena’s liver aside, Roswaal would present the fruits of his attentive listening. The secret circumstances that this Dracroy Domain held, that was――,

Roswaal: [――I heard a rumor that the incident from the year before last, in which a Divine General conspired in an attempted assassination, has had quite the lasting impact.]

Serena: [――――]

Roswaal: [I heard that the perpetrator of that incident, the Divine General who lost his life, was a flying dragon rider… and in addition, that person was also one of your subordinates. His name was…]

Serena: [――Balleroy Temeglyph.]

Saying that in a low, quiet voice, Serena interrupted Roswaal.

She was still resting her chin against her hand, however the heat housed within eyes had changed from before. In some way, the hue of enjoying this situation had disappeared into a silence resembling the surface of a lake bereft of wind.

With those quiet eyes, she looked over to Ram, who was behind and to the side of Roswaal, and,

Serena: [Lower your wand, Ram. I’ll talk even if you don’t point it at me.]

Ram: [But…]

Roswaal: [Ram, do as she says. Serena doesn’t go back on her word.]

Roswaal held her back through those means, and Ram reluctantly lowered her wand.

Of course, she immediately repaired her readiness, but Serena could not find fault with that vigilance either. Only, she turned her face towards the window, to the scenery extending out there―― No, she looked up to the sky.

To the sky where flying dragons flapped their wings, and flew about freely.

Serena: [Do you think it has freedom? This sky?]

Roswaal: […From your way of speaking, that doesn’t seem soooo~.]

Serena: [In the Empire, the water, the soil, the air, even the flesh and blood of its people, all of it belongs to His Excellency the Emperor. Even the sky is no exception to this. ――Who do you think’s been claiming that?]

Roswaal: [I wondeeer~, limiting it to “who” makes it quite difficult, doesn’t it? After all, that is something everyone’s been thinking.]

At Roswaal, who shrugged, Serena gave a short reply of “Is that so?”.

The name she mentioned―― Balleroy Temeglyph, was a former member of the Nine Divine Generals, and the perpetrator of the assassination attempt on the Emperor that took place in the Imperial Capital the year before last.

Originally, he was a capable person appointed to an important position in the Dracroy Domain by Serena, and because of his remarkable strength and excellence as a flying dragon rider, there seemed to be good prospects that he would work his way up and advance to the rank of General First-Class.

As a matter of course, Balleroy turning his blade on the Emperor had also put Serena, who had recommended him, in a bad position.

Although the position of High Countess was not even taken away, the Imperial Capital’s feelings were poor, the expectations they held in her Flying Dragon Squadron were lost, and she was also never given an opportunity to recover.

And to top it all off, the person who had been installed as Balleroy’s replacement in the Nine Divine Generals was――,

Roswaal: [――The Flying Dragon General, Madelyn Eschart, is a selection akin to a snide remaaaark~, isn’t it.]

Serena: [With no military experience, a being that suddenly rose to the position of General First-Class on the Prime Minister’s recommendation, it seems her lineage is surprisingly that of a dragonkin. With a dragonkin who can control flying dragons without the secret technique of taming flying dragons, taking the time and effort to train flying dragon riders would be useless, wouldn’t it?]

Ram: [That’s not the position of Serena-sama, who has a Flying Dragon Squadron.]

Serena: [Woah, don’t look down on my Flying Dragon Squadron. Not needing riders has both advantages and disadvantages. It’s true that the time needed for training is eliminated, but a flying dragon without a rider can only rely on its instincts for tactics. On that point, a flying dragon rider can understand and apply tactics.]

Ram: [――――]

Roswaal: [Most importantly, the dragonkin in question seems to crush them with force in numbers.]

Vollachia’s secret of taming flying dragons―― even Roswaal did not know the details of the technique to employ the ferocious flying dragons that bore no thought for people. However, he had heard even though a talented flying dragon rider could discipline a single flying dragon, they would need to stay with them at all times.

In other words, flying dragon riding had to consist of one flying dragon and one person.

In contrast, the existence of the Flying Dragon General, who could command countless flying dragons without putting in all that time, was the natural enemy of Serena, whose strength lay in the Flying Dragon Squadron, as well as a thorn in her side.

Serena: [Balleroy was a trusted friend who was at my place for a long time. If he went against His Excellency, and even pointed a spear at him, it could be said to be inevitable that the fault would turn towards me. But――]

Ram: [Whether you are willing to resign yourself to that disgrace is a different story, isn’t it?]

Serena: [――. Each and every thing you say appeals to the depths of my heart.]

Ram: [Ram is obliged.]

Responding to Ram’s bland expression of gratitude, Serena sighed deeply.

Serena did not deny what Roswaal and Ram had pointed out when being pressed by their respective voices. By the time she had Ram lower her wand, she had already resolved herself.

That was a sign of her willingness to talk on an equal footing, rather than divulge the circumstances under threat.

In other words――,

Serena: [――Even with all this, I didn’t mean to cause trouble while you were here, okay?]

With those words, Serena Dracroy touched the white scar on her face and smiled fiercely.

Her strikingly ferocious smile was the same one Roswaal had seen in his younger days when he met her; the ambitious one she had shown before she stole the position of head of the family from her father.

However, now her smile was directed not at her father, whose eyes had clouded when his daughter began to steal the trust of his retainers from him, but at the fearsome being who ruled this vast Empire――.

Roswaal: [――I see, Serena, you]

Seeing that smile, Roswaal belatedly realized his misunderstanding.

In an attempt to prevent the situation caused by Ram’s snap decision from getting worse, he had tried to guide Serena’s thinking by clarifying the position the Dracroy territory had been placed in, but that was a mistake.

There was no need to steer her in the direction of supporting the rebellion.

Even the rise of the rebel army with the “Black-Haired Maiden” was nothing more than a chance for her. Serena had already decided where she would stand, and in her own way, had shown consideration for Roswaal and the others.

She showed consideration in her own way by not dragging in an old friend that had come to find a missing person and did not know anything.

However, Roswaal and the others had thoughtlessly stepped into the opposing camp. Without realizing the Magic Stones had already ignited, they had poured additional mana in.

In other words――,

Serena: [I was as careful as I could be. Only this once, would it be alright to regret meeting a clever wife. Or maybe, that you went out of your way and turned down my marriage proposal.]

Roswaal: [Serena.]

Serena: [Don’t worry. If I were to reveal your identity, I’d be suspected of having colluded with the Kingdom. In that case, a war on two fronts would be pure insanity. If I’m going to do it, I’ll fight a battle where there’s a chance of winning.]

Control of the discussion was stolen, and the situation with Serena had reversed.

Since their positions overlapped, there was no reason for Roswaal and the others to harm Serena. On the other hand, Serena had the leeway to make full use of Roswaal and the others’ circumstances.

Ram: [Roswaal-sama, could it be…]

Roswaal: [Aah, we’ve stepped straight into the hunting grounds of a beaaast~.  ――Serena, if we hadn’t broached the subject?]

Serena: [In that case, I would have given you the appropriate hospitality for a few days, and then let you escape before the civil war was in full swing. But if I’m invited to fight together by an old friend, then there’s no helping it, right?]

Roswaal: [So barefaced…]

It was unclear whether she had intended to act in concert with this rebellion, or take action independently. Nevertheless, Serena had already decided to rebel.

They did not know whether that was anger at the Emperor’s cruel behavior, or connected to the fact that her confidant lost his life.

If only one thing was certain――,

Serena: [His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia, there is an exceedingly great amount of people who have accumulated discontent with his peaceful reign. If great flames of war rise once, those flames will spread in one swoop.]

Roswaal: […Those flames of war, might you have any idea aboooout~ them?]

Serena: [I wonder what it could be. You’re the one with an idea, aren’t you?]

Chuckling, Serena seemed to have an ace up her sleeve that Roswaal did not know about.

Roswaal, on the other hand, also had an idea of a singularity that would be no matter to be trifled with if left unchecked, although he was unsure how it would affect this unfamiliar land.

If it was him, no matter what predicament he fell into, he would get through it one way or the other. All that remained was who he met in that predicament, how much he wished to save them, and how his influence would spread.

Or perhaps――,

Roswaal: [――Have you also gone and set the whole Empire ablaze, Subaru-kun?]

If that were to happen, how should Roswaal act?

Of course, for his long-cherished wish that must be fulfilled, it was necessary to return to the Kingdom with his reputation intact. Even if that was not the case, there were the promises he exchanged with Subaru.

It was unilaterally imposed on him, but unlike Subaru, he could not revoke it. The future that someone else lacks was something that was difficult for him to accept, as he had decided to pick up the pieces.

Even without his promise to Roswaal, he would probably struggle as much as he reached out.

At the very least, Roswaal would only act to reduce the number of his attempts.

Then it becomes just a matter of not letting Subaru realize things had turned out in an undesirable way.

Serena: [Well, thanks to Ram endangering my life, my ill wills have ended up vanishing. I’ll forget about my duties for today and open a celebratory drink.]

Ram: [Having pointed the wand, it might not be Ram’s place to say this, but are you sure about that?]

Serena: [We both needed to cultivate stronger unity toward the same goal. That’s why we should drink and get to know each other. Considering who we’re going to challenge, it’s a very natural activity.]

Serena nonchalantly invited Ram to have a drink with her, with a face that blithely forgot her previous outburst.

Ram was unusually perplexed by Serena’s big-heartedness, as she seemed to be relieved that she no longer had to hide things from Roswaal and Ram.

That said, it was unthinkable that Serena would eloquently trick Roswaal and the others and catch them off guard with a shallow move like that.

In doing so, Serena would risk her own strength, and even her own life, in exchange for Roswaal’s freedom in the Empire.

Roswaal: [So, are you going to wait for the flames of war to rise? Or will you become them yourself?]

Serena: [I at least know where I stand. No need to rush, it’s not far off. ――Or is it your idea to stay put quietly?]

Roswaal: […That’s not it.]

Serena: [Right? It’s the same for me.]

Although both parties may have had different ideas of these “Flames of War”, they seemed to have had a similar perception of what they had in mind.

Roswaal crossed his arms thoughtfully as he noted that fact. Serena, meanwhile, had nonchalantly gone to her display cabinet and started looking for a drink to loosen their tongues.

Ram: [Roswaal-sama, in the Fortress City of Guaral.]

Roswaal: [In terms of position, Emilia-sama and the others are closer to us, attacking from the East. The same rumors will be heard over there, so if they can join us, they will. Of course, it would be frustrating for you.]

Ram: […No.]

Shaking her head, Ram replied with a bottled frustration.

She would like to be reunited with Rem as soon as possible. With rumors of Subaru all over the Fortress City of Guaral, Rem was most likely to be there.

On the other hand, even with Roswaal’s flight magic, a vain attempt would be a heavy setback.

Finding people in a wide Empire required a certain mind-numbing rationality.

Roswaal: [For that reason, let’s wait and see. As she says, the flames of war that will rise..]

Ram: [――Yes.]

With some hesitation and her wavering voice, Ram nodded her head in a healthy manner.

――A few days later, the “Flames of War” that Serena Dracroy had spoken of, rose.

The momentum of the rebellion, led by the son of Emperor Vincent Vollachia, spread throughout the Empire and also to rebel groups in various regions.

Among them, it was said that the first to declare their intention to join the rebel army was the High Countess Dracroy, and it was said that the brave lady had a handsome stranger and a lovely servant at her side.

--- Chapter 83: Warfare and Warzones ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Steadily, the rebellion’s flames of war spread throughout the Vollachian Empire.

Over the past few days, the Empire had been bustling as if the tranquility of the past few years was nothing but a fabrication, stirring up the thirst for blood built up within it until it had turned to sludge.

The history of the Vollachian Imperial Family had been a river of blood for generations, and the current Emperor was expected to put an end to this horrifying tradition.

In fact, during the reign of the Emperor, although there were some skirmishes, the situation that was considered a major upheaval was avoided.

The people were supposed to be enjoying “peace” for the first time since the founding of the country.

However――,

???: [When you look at it from the outside, the people of the Empire didn’t want a peaceful and safe life.]

On his knees sitting in his chair while looking at a map showing the state of the war, he muttered in a compassionate mood.

Vincent Vollachia, the Emperor; it wasn’t known what principles he used to run the country, but it is not like he maintained peace by chance either.

Exhausted physically and mentally on a year-by-year basis, he built an unprecedented era of peace in the Empire.

One could only imagine the disappointment in their hearts when they found out so easily that they were not wanted. ――The people were stupid, and the Emperor was pathetic.

???: [From my point of view, I don’t know why they bother to increase the possibility that they might die… I don’t know what goes through the minds of those insane people. That guy… uh, yeah, and Jamal and others.]

He remembered how he used to advocate for the pride of the imperial people in his spare time.

Todd Fang braced himself as he tried to remember the man whose face was no longer blurred. It would be troublesome if he made a careless remark and was found to have forgotten Jamal.

At the very least, Jamal still has to live within his heart and mind in front of a woman who should be treated with care and respect.

???: [――Todd, are you tired?]

Suddenly, at the edge of Todd’s vision as he unfolded the map, he saw the face of a woman leaning over.

Frankly, it was heart-wrenching. She must have been on the roof of the carriage just before. Todd’s perception could not grasp when she had arrived next to him.

However, there were countless such masters in the world. The world would be a very difficult place to live if they were frightened by the existence of opponents whom we could not beat in a fair fight.

Most people faltered because they confused not being able to win with not being able to kill.

Even if one could never win, there were some people who they could easily kill.

Todd did not consider such an opponent a threat. Hence, neither did the woman next to him―― Arakiya.

Arakiya: [Todd?]

Sliding in through the open window, Arakiya sat on the carriage bench―― or, rather, squatted on the seat with her knees bent, unceremoniously.

Even though she had been living in the Imperial Capital for a long time, she had not mastered the manners of the city at all.

This was either because the person in question did not have that kind of education, or the people around her did not raise her right. It was commonplace to leave strong people like her to their own devices because they were strong.

In Vollachia, the strong took precedence over all qualifications.

Hence, a vicious cycle was established in which no one could blame the strong Arakiya for any unseemly or disrespectful behavior. Of course, if one were stronger than she was, one would be allowed to complain about her manners――,

???: [Because “The Blue Lightning” is a name worthy of an even greater weirdo than Arakiya.]

If one was in the Vollachian Empire, one would have plenty of opportunities to hear rumors about the Empire’s most powerful, the First.

For better or worse, each and every rumor about the First were considered bad even by the esoteric values of the Empire. Above all, they were ill-suited for someone with Arakiya’s upbringing.

As a result, this behavior of Arakiya’s had probably not been enforced.

Of course, Todd had no reason to correct that, but he did anyways――,

Todd: [Arakiya, sit down properly. It’s unsightly.]

Arakiya: [Sit? Me? In the chair?]

Todd: [What else is there? What do you think a chair is for?]

Hearing the inquiry with a strange look on her face, Todd replied with a grimace. In response, Arakiya wondered, but obediently assumed the correct way to sit in the chair.

However, since her legs were spread, he hit her knees to make her put them together.

Todd: [People down there see how the strong behave. In the Empire, anything goes as long as you’re strong, but that’s the thing, soldiers have hearts too. Even you don’t have to think about whether it’s easier to fight a superior officer with good or ill will, do you?]

Arakiya: […Is there a point in doing that? Anyway, I’m going to fight alone.]

Todd: [After you ravage the battlefield, what about hunting down the survivors? Who’s going to clean up the corpses? Who will negotiate with those who surrendered?]

Arakiya: [――――]

Todd: [In fact, if you want to be alone, why am I here? Your words are full of contradictions.]

After a mild argument, Arakiya, who made a difficult face, fell silent.

Fortunately, he now knew that this was not the face of the vigilant second most powerful person in the Empire with pent-up frustration, but rather a face of acceptance that he had a point.

In the beginning, he was careful about pointing things out, but now he did not hold back.

Once he got the hang of it, Arakiya was like training a sheepdog.

What makes it different from a sheepdog was that the dog itself was also a wolf with tremendous strength.

He laughed at himself for thinking like that, though.

Arakiya: [Todd, are you tired? I knew it.]

Todd: [If I’m tired, it’s because of the long journey. You are a hard worker. I can see why His Excellency the Emperor and the Prime Minister and others find you useful.]

Arakiya: […Necessary, so.]

Arakiya again expressed her concern for Todd, who had fallen silent. After Todd lashed out to dismiss her concerns, Arakiya’s eyes dropped to the floor.

Arakiya was probably aware that she was being used as a convenience.

She was not the type to indulge in life stories, and since Todd was not interested, she did not delve into the topic, but considering future treatment it might be worth asking.

If people who know Todd can feel closer to him on their own accord, it was a worthwhile deal.

Todd: [You――]

Arakiya: [The map, what were you looking at?]

However, his attempt to speak was completely squashed by Arakiya, who changed the subject. “Mmm,” Todd choked on his words, and tilted the map so that Arakiya could see it.

The map showed the entirety of Vollachia, but it was a simplified version that only showed the major cities and topography, on which Todd had drawn this and that according to his own senses.

Arakiya stared at it, her well-shaped eyebrows risen a great deal,

Arakiya: […I don’t get it.]

Todd: [No doubt.]

Arakiya spoke of incomprehension, but Todd did not blame her for being ignorant of it.

In fact, it was not due to Arakiya’s learning shortcomings, but simply because the map was written in such a way that no one but Todd could decipher it.

No special words or symbols were used, but the meanings were reworded, or intentionally incorrect symbols were used so that information could not be extracted by others.

Even if the map was inadvertently dropped, Todd’s actions would not be exposed from it. Also, in the unlikely event that he was captured, he may be kept alive for the purpose of deciphering the map.

It was worthwhile since this move called the third hand avoids suffering setbacks.

Todd: [Significant notes record the location and scale of the battle. Nonsensical notes are just a distraction. I won’t tell you which is which.]

Arakiya: [I don’t know, so even if you tell me …Do you have a lot?]

Todd: [Yeah, I’ve never seen a situation this out of hand since His Excellency had acceded to the throne.]

Although a subjectless question, Arakiya’s question referred to the rebellions that had taken place throughout the Empire.

Not only was it an expression of rebellion against the Emperor, but there had been frequent clashes between actual Imperial Soldiers and rebels, and the call for rebellion was high and widespread throughout the region.

However, this was just a catalyst, what became the symbol of the righteous cause of the rebel army planning to usurp the Imperial throne was――,

Todd: [The illegitimate child of His Excellency The Emperor, the black-haired Crown Prince.]

Arakiya: [His Excellency’s child… for real?]

Todd: [Well. What’s important is not whether it’s true or not, but rather that such a rumor is being spread, and that the force of the flames is continuing to grow stronger without being extinguished.]

Arakiya: [――――]

Todd: [That’s why hardworking people are being recruited all over the place. Incidentally, I was as well.]

As one of the Nine Divine Generals personally selected by the Emperor, it was natural that Arakiya was in a position allowing her to speak with Emperor Vincent Vollachia who supposedly resides on an unreachable plane of existence.

It was a mystery to what extent Arakiya’s sense of values could be trusted, but even from her perspective, it seemed the existence of the Emperor’s illegitimate child being held up by the rebel army was questionable.

However, as Todd himself had said, whether it was correct or not was not important.

Todd: [If they didn’t want people to think this rumor was important, they should have extinguished the fire while it was still small. Because this fuddled uproar is the result of having fallen behind there.]

Arakiya: [――. Is it connected? The thing with Gladiator Island.]

Todd: [That was…]

Having closed one eye, Todd was interrupted by the muttering Arakiya next to him.

She had mentioned the matter of the Gladiator Island Ginunhive, which was the first task for Todd’s group as well as a secret order by Berstetz, the Prime Minister of the Empire, and they had failed it spectacularly.

It had happened just a few days prior, but having been ordered to kill all the Gladiators on Gladiator Island, Todd and Arakiya had proudly headed there in high spirits――and retreated just before they went ashore, ending the matter without anything happening.

Naturally, Berstetz reprimanded him for failing to fulfill his duty, but Todd’s instincts for sniffing out danger led to him firmly refusing to land on that island.

He had sensed that there was a threat over there that he absolutely should not confront.

Todd: [――――]

Todd, who placed absolute faith in that feeling, did not regret not landing on the island.

The fact that after that, the Gladiator Island was taken over by the Gladiators and was contributing to the spreading flames of war as a part of the rebellion happening all over, could not possibly compare to endangering his own life.

Even if Todd were to regret that decision, it would be――,

Todd: [Ridiculous. That’s not like me at all.]

Arakiya: [Todd?]

Todd: [It’s nothing. You worry too much. Rebellions are happening all over the place, but none of them will last long. ――They’re just dreaming.]

Todd took the time to deny the question Arakiya had begun to ask earlier, and then shrugged.

He had not intended to mislead her or play her for a fool. Truly, the rebel army was dreaming. It was the kind of nightmare that felt good while in that dream-like state of mind, but the self-hatred when they woke up would make them want to die.

Or perhaps, it had been a nightmare unfolding to its end before they could wake up.

???: [――General First-Class Arakiya! Private First-Class Fang! We are arriving!]

It was right after Todd spat that out, that the sharp voice from the coachman’s seat of the horse carriage had reached them.

The shaking spreading from beneath their seats gradually subsided, and the speed of horse carriage heading towards their destination had decreased. Then the carriage slowly stopped, and Todd and Arakiya exited out the door.

Todd: [――――]

The two had lined up on a small hill, and the weather was dark and overcast with thick clouds, which seemed to Todd as if the sky was apprehensive about the future of the Empire as it plunged into an unending civil war.

If he lowered his sight to capture this poetic impression, what could be seen was a battlefield on a sprawling wide plain with a group of familiar uniforms fiercely clashing with another unfamiliar group of uniforms..

――With the Western Plains as the battlefield, the clash between the Imperial and rebel armies had already begun.

Todd: [Who is the opponent?]

With the Imperial soldiers having already set up an encampment, one of them came over to the pair on top of the hill.

That person looked daunted, having received Todd’s question as soon as they opened their mouth. Judging from his cloak, he was probably a “General”. To his bewilderment, Todd, who was nothing more than a Private First-Class, started speaking to him quite overbearingly.

However, upon noticing Arakiya next to Todd, they straightened up,

General: [The citizens of Kunohelemente are in high spirits after killing their consul. It seems the consul had just arrived after being appointed.]

Todd: [Seems like an ill timed move. That consul was also unlucky… So, is that pest with that group who are burning with enthusiasm?]

General: [It has not been confirmed. We believe he is not here.]

Todd: [If he was, he should have shown his face at the beginning. ――General First-Class Arakiya.]

Arakiya: [Mm…]

Nodding after receiving the report from the “General”, Todd called for Arakiya. Turning around with a sigh-like reply, she was ready for this opportunity to fully demonstrate her abilities as ranked second within the Empire.

With that out of the way, all that remained was for Todd to make sure that no unnecessary obstacles were introduced.

Todd: [Give the signal and let your troops retreat. I recommend completely focusing on withdrawing. Otherwise――]

General: [Otherwise?]

Todd: [General First-Class Arakiya’s flames do not choose who they incinerate.]

It was not a statement particularly intended to threaten, but it seemed to have had the same effect on the “General” who heard it.

They gasped slightly and glanced at Arakiya. Arakiya with her usual stoic expression noticed that gaze and looked at the “General.”

Faced with the crimson eye not covered by her eye patch, the “General’s” cheeks stiffened,

General: [Sound the drums! Pull back the troops!]

The “General” immediately switched gears and issued directions to the subordinates in the camp in a sharp voice.

Unlike the unreasonable common soldiers, a battlefield with a proper “General” thankfully meant a conclusion could be reached more quickly. However, that did not make the battlefield pleasant, so they should finish their unpleasant duties quickly.

Todd: [Arakiya, don’t hit the soldiers who withdraw after hearing the drums.]

Arakiya: [And the others?]

Todd: [Do as you please.]

Arakiya’s eye flickered with a slight bewilderment at having been told to do as she pleased.

Todd immediately reflected that the way he said it had been poor. She was a woman with the power to do unthinkable things, but Arakiya did not seem to particularly like fighting.

So it was not appropriate to tell her to do as she pleased on the battlefield――,

Todd: [――Kill anyone who opposes you.]

That was the best possible way to issue commands.

Arakiya: [――――]

As soon as the sound of drums echoed through the air, the battlefield they could look down upon from the hill transformed.

The audible sounds of steel and steel exchanging blows in a sword fight faded away, and in its place angry roars and battlecries, the great volume of the pursuers and the pursued, began to sweep over the battlefield.

However, that would not last long either.

――The raining explosive flames turned those wannabe-hunters pursuing fleeing backs to ash.

It was when the ally in front of them, the compatriot beside them, or even one of their own limbs was engulfed in flames, that they were freed from their crazed pursuit and noticed.

That they were not the hunters, but merely the hunted.

Todd: [――――]

Gripping a branch in one hand like a child playing and lighting the lower part of her legs on flames, Arakiya rose above the hill, higher and higher, high up in the sky, and then made flames rain down from the sky incessantly.

A terrifying tactical weapon that seemed to change the color of the world, that was an appropriate description for this spectacle.

Flames headed full speed at the ground, burning enemies in accordance with the commands Todd had issued. Those who stopped upon seeing their enemies being burnt, these lecherous bystanders thought twice about stopping to stare.

If they stopped, Arakiya’s flames would not be able to choose who to scorch.

General: [Sound them sound them sound them!! Sound the drums! Everyone, fall back―― hk!!]

Witnessing the war situation being rewritten, the “General” raised his voice with all his might.

Although all Imperial Soldiers face the battlefield with the readiness to die, that was not the same as not being afraid of dying in vain.

Even if they remained there, they would not obtain any more prestige than a stray dog that burned to death.

Therefore――,

???: [――Private First-Class Fang! Stop General First-Class Arakiya!]

While he watched as the flame devil engulfed the battlefield, collapsing the battle formation of the rebels, an angry roar hit Todd’s eardrums, who felt like he had already accomplished his job.

When he turned around, a different Imperial Soldier, from the “General” who ordered the soldiers to withdraw, was shouting with his soot black stained face making a desperate expression.

As Todd frowned, wondering what the meaning of this was, the soldier’s face illuminated red from the flames,

Soldier: [The other side has come forth to surrender! The battle is over!]

Todd: [Can we allow such a convenient offer? I don’t like saying this, but unlike the situation where if we didn’t pull back we would also suffer damage, we can now unilaterally annihilate them all. It’s better to cut off any unnecessary sources of the trouble and make an example out of them.]

If Arakiya’s ability was used well, their side could secure victory without losing a single soldier.

Todd thought that it would be more appropriate to make an example of them, and make them regret their decision to join the rebellion, rather than allowing them to surrender and get the upper hand.

However, Todd’s opinion was overturned by the soldier’s appeal that followed.

Soldier: [We can’t! Those who have surrendered are accompanied by the Crown Prince!]

Todd: [――What did you just say?]

At the Imperial Soldier’s report, Todd reflexively grabbed him by the collar. The soldier choked out a “Guh”, but Todd did not care as he brought his face closer,

Todd: [Why has the Crown Prince turned up here? I thought you said he wasn’t here.]

Soldier: [Th-they hid him… and now, he’s emerged…]

Todd: [Tch, was their intention to use a trump card? Those guys don’t even know the value of their hand.]

Releasing the soldier whom he had grabbed by the collar, Todd gave a deep exhale.

He then looked up at Arakiya circling overhead and hesitated on whether to call out to her. And then, after careful consideration,

Todd: [Drag the messenger here.]

Soldier: [Huh? But…]

Todd: [Bring him here. If they don’t want to get annihilated, make him run desperately.]

The soldier began to argue with Todd’s nonchalant instructions, then quickly realized that it was pointless and turned away.

Todd also did not want to wield Arakiya’s brute power either, but he had no choice but to do so while it helped the discussions move forward quickly.

――Especially in the worst case scenario, when the other party had the Crown Prince.

Soldier: [Private First-Class Fang.]

Not long after, the soldier from earlier returned to Todd.

Beside him was a ragged-looking young man, and in contrast to the bravery of the armor he was wearing, his face appeared dismal and depressed as he realized his defeat.

There was no helping it. Even Todd felt the same way when he saw Arakiya’s violence against the other side.

Although he felt pity for him, there was something he needed to confirm.

Todd: [I hear you guys have the Crown Prince. Is that the justification for your revolt?]

Messenger: [Ye-yeah. The Crown Prince desires the Imperial Throne. We sympathize with that aspiration, and in order to pave the way for that ally…]

Todd: [――That’s a lie.]

Messenger: [Ah?]

Staring intently into the face of the person who was saying something significant, Todd interrupted. Hearing that, the man’s expression was one of bewilderment, and a shiver ran through him.

That reaction convinced Todd. ――They were all talk, but no show.

Messenger: [Ack.]

The next moment, Todd swung the axe at his waist and smashed the upright standing man’s head open.

The man with the axe thrust into the top of his head grunted softly and fell to the ground with his eyes rolled back in his head. In response to Todd’s immediate action of slaying the messenger, the soldier slightly widened his eyes,

Soldier: [Private First-Class! Such arbitrary actions are…]

Todd: [This guy lied. The opponent doesn’t have such a thing like the Crown Prince on their side. These people chose the low road when it came to surrender. ――General First-Class Arakiya will continue to do as she has been doing.]

Soldier: [Guh… If… if the Crown Prince is truly here then…]

Todd: [He’s not.]

At Todd’s declaration, the soldier was unable to continue with any further words, and kept silent. As Todd then gave a nod, he dragged the corpse of the fallen enemy at his feet.

Todd scraped the flesh and blood from the axe with his fingers and let out a long sigh.

Together with Arakiya, he traveled around the country crushing the seeds of rebellion, but each time he did so, the presence of the Crown Prince stood in his way.

The illegitimate son of Vincent Vollachia, the only possibility to give legitimacy to the rebellions that erupted across the Empire―― How many would attempt to revolt under the guise of that illegitimate child.

Even worse was Prime Minister Berstetz’s order to capture the Crown Prince unharmed if at all possible, and bring him back to the Imperial Capital.

Todd: [Ahh, good grief, I can’t help but say it. ――How long until we can go back to the Imperial Capital?]

Every attempt to return to the Imperial Capital was unsuccessful, somehow it became a journey that took them all over the Empire.

Todd bit his lip as he thought of his fiancée, who even now was still waiting for him to return to the Imperial Capital.

The flames engulfed everything on the battlefield, and those who chose to resist were regretfully burned to nothing.

He pitied those who had failed to see this future and ended up choosing to stand on the wrong side, but at the same time he scorned them.

The uprising was crushed. No matter how much they raised their spirits, they would never be able to gain victory over the weight of the Empire.

While he was thinking that there was absolutely no doubt about this, Todd suddenly had a thought.

Todd: [――――]

The beginning of a genuine uprising, and the rebellion’s flames of war spreading in every place.

Just as if it was by somebody’s design, beyond the blaze of warfare spreading throughout, somebody was present.

Endlessly, endlessly, Todd’s survival instincts were being made to throb, by somebody.

Todd: [――――]

With warfare spreading its flames, and the literal burning battlefield coming to a close before his eyes, Todd came to a standstill.

This warfare engulfing the Vollachian Empire, just who in the world desires it? Whatever the case, Todd would read through it, and obtain what he wished for no matter what.

For that purpose, he would spare no effort, no consideration, and nothing whatsoever. If there was one thing that concerned him.

Arakiya: [――. Is it connected? The thing with Gladiator Island.]

Flashing through the back of his mind was Arakiya’s question, posed just before arriving at the battlefield.

Fundamentally, Todd did not look back to the past. No matter what he did, it would be made correct by the future. Nevertheless, that incident was the only thing that continued to bring him unease.

Without stepping ashore, Todd had abandoned the Gladiator Island, withdrawing.

That decision was sure to have been the right one. He was supposed to hold no regrets.

However, possibly, by some chance, if there was some reason to have regrets, that was――.

Todd: [――The retreat on that day, it was the only time my life had been in checkmate.]

--- Chapter 84: Tea Chamber ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――As the flames of rebellion spread throughout the Vollachian Empire, signs of unrest were growing with each day.

More than nine years had passed since Vincent Vollachia ascended to the throne as the Emperor, but this was the first time domestic affairs were burnt to a crisp, and people’s hearts have been in turmoil.

The history of the Vollachian Empire was a history of war.

Even if a historically unprecedented era of peace had arrived, conflicts occurring in places beyond the reach of the eyes and ears of the Imperial Capital could not be completely prevented. As a result, people were never truly at ease.

But even so, the people living in the Imperial Capital of Lupugana had had a semblance of peace.

As the Imperial Capital was under the Emperor’s heel, it was only in that magnificent city that conflicts did not occur. In a way, this safety rested upon Emperor Vincent Vollachia’s authority――However, that was a thing of the past.

The year before last, an attempt to assassinate the Emperor had occurred in none other than the Imperial Capital. The Emperor had been so severely wounded as to nearly lose his life, the perpetrator a Divine General.

Since that incident, the people learned that they were never truly safe within the Empire. After they learned it, they also anticipated this.

Therefore the Emperor’s status remained unshaken by the spirit of rebellion of the Nine Divine Generals at the peak of the Empire’s military might and the Vollachian Empire would not collapse no matter how much it was shaken to the core――.

???: [――The safety and expectations of the people have been greatly shaken as of late.]

A report acknowledging the cracks in the basic principles laid out in the Empire.

When this report echoed through the majestic throne room, every person trying to close their ears to these unpleasant words could have been mercilessly beheaded on the spot, so it was not surprising everyone was so hesitant.

The civil officials and military officers, lined up here in the Imperial Capital’s Crystal Palace――even if their respective battlefields differed, all the people gathered here at the very core of the Vollachian Empire were doubtlessly warriors. Even those people could not help but hesitate, because to be seen here as a cowardly warrior was directly linked to nothing but death.

It was not death that any of them feared. What they feared was dying in vain.

They feared they would meet a death unbefitting a brave warrior of Vollachia.

Therefore, the generals paid respect to the white-haired wise old man who proposed it, Prime Minister Berstetz Fondalfon. And then, they awaited the response of Vincent, to whom the Prime Minister issued his report.

Vincent: [――――]

The large throne, enclosing the entirety of his slender body, had been continually passed down as a symbol of authority since the era of the first Emperor of Vollachia.

With the national flag hoisted behind the throne, the national emblem of a wolf pierced by swords looked down upon the troops. With the Sword Wolf behind him, Vincent sat calm and composed.

Leisurely leaning back against the throne, Vincent showed no sign of military might.

In fact, no one had ever heard a rumor that this Emperor, endowed with unfathomable wisdom, would excel at martial arts. It was unlikely that anyone had seen him wield a sword or express an interest in hunting.

As long as an Emperor resided on the Imperial throne, he was expected to rule the entirety of the Empire without exception.

Even though the Empire valued strength above all, martial arts skill was not a requirement for the Emperor at its top. That was because the Emperor’s sword was none other than his peerlessly powerful followers.

However――

???: [――Hk]

A large part of the troops were pressured by the Emperor, who did nothing but sit there silently.

Not only would they lose nothing from trying to cut him down, the throne was merely a few seconds’ worth of distance away. If it was natural for the strong to oppress the weak, then the Imperial troops did not have the slightest reason to fear this Emperor.

Nevertheless, the distance and the unopposable presence of the Emperor were unassailable.

Vincent: [The safety of the people, hm?]

Suddenly, breaking the silence till then, these words left the Emperor’s lips.

Just as it seemed that the tension pervading the throne room would subside, it grew heavier instead, constricting the hearts of the troops.

Vincent narrowed his almond-black eyes and gazed at Berstetz, who had continued to pledge his fealty with his palm and fist put together in front of his chest,

Vincent: [Since when had the emperors of my country begun to take notice of its people’s anguish?]

Berstez: […I understand what you are saying, Your Excellency. However, the reality is that the people’s rumors have raised concerns about Your Excellency’s reign. If this is neglected, this poisonous blood will spread like a disease throughout the Empire.]

Vincent: [Are you advising to spill all this poisonous blood?]

Berstetz: [Most humbly, even Your Excellency the Emperor would lose his life if he were decapitated. Would it not be imprudent to lose one’s head to spare a limb?]

Vincent: [――――]

Berstetz: [Of course, it would be ideal if this matter could be repressed with just fingers, ears, and nails.]

Concluding his final remark with a bow, Berstetz thus stated his own opinion.

That frank, or, in other words, inconsiderate proposal, made the other troops shudder. But at the same time, they admired him for speaking for them and saying what needed to be said.

After all, Berstetz expressed the collective opinion of all the troops about the rebellion spreading throughout the Empire.

The Imperial Soldiers were furious at the people resigning to Vincent’s reign, bandwagoning with the ones occasionally raising their voices, and rising up in rebellion all over the place.

If one were to be a part of that first group, they would also be qualified to take the stage as a valiant adversary. But what of the shamefulness of those that followed?

Fighting, winning, and securing were the fundamental principles of the people of the Empire.

The people of the Empire must be strong, too many people misinterpreted the intent of that saying, and used it for their own gain. Wouldn’t exterminating them be the only way that the intent of “the people of the Empire must be strong” could be truly embodied?

However, Vincent had not taken proactive countermeasures against these rebellions and relied on the spread out garrisons to fend them off. Although――,

Berstetz: [Dispatching all the Generals of the First-Class just to nip the rebellions in the bud will not fundamentally resolve the situation.]

Vincent: [――Quite eloquent, Berstetz. Facing me directly, with all the troops in formation behind you, makes it look as if you were the head of the rebellion.]

Berstetz: [You jest. I am not prepared to lead a rebellion and drive Your Excellency away from the throne.]

Vincent: [Hmph.]

With a small snort, Vincent paid no mind to Berstetz’s refutation.

Nevertheless, it was understandable why Vincent would say such a thing. After all, all of Berstetz’s words had been spoken on behalf of the hearts of the Imperial troops for quite a while.

Including the point where he mentioned the anticipated deployment of the Generals of the First-Class, and advised against it as being insufficient.

Setting aside the blood-soaked, sharp-tongued exchange that followed――.

Berstetz: [Your Excellency, this rebellion is…]

Vincent: [I have heeded your counsel. However――]

Berstetz: [――――]

Vincent: [――I too have a plan.]

Vincent’s gaze swept over Berstetz and the assembled generals and troops, erasing any lingering distrust they might have had of the Emperor.

When the meeting was called and they were initially assembled in the throne room, each of the troops had their own feelings about Vincent’s reluctance to take a stand against this rebellion.

In fact, it was Berstetz who advocated on behalf of the troops, but the feelings of the troops were shared by all of them, which became all the more amplified when they heard what he had to say.

Those feelings, which in a sense were about to spread like the flames of rebellion, were extinguished.

Like a great fire being doused by wind and water, they were slowed, weakened, and drowned out.

And then――,

Vincent: [Or, do you doubt my words?]

Berstetz’s eyebrows quivered as he was asked by the Emperor, the owner of such profound wisdom.

What kind of emotions were flickering behind those thread-like narrow eyes, uninferable by the rest, was unknown to anyone in attendance.

Only one thing was certain.

Troops: [――No, absolutely not!]

It was that the troops were in unison with their voices, and they answered the Emperor’s question in a gallant manner.

Stamping their feet, the military officers drew and raised the swords from their waists. The civilian officials clasped their palms and fists together in front of their chests, each making the most respectful bow appropriate for their position and responding as such to the Emperor’s question.

No one could decipher the thoughts of Emperor Vincent Vollachia.

However, if the question being imposed here was whether to dismiss that which they could not comprehend as being something untrustworthy, then that was a no.

If what was needed for trust was words and accomplishments, Vincent had demonstrated a proven record.

His achievements were worthy of note, beginning with his “Imperial Selection Ceremony” to become emperor, which was followed by a reign free of major turmoils.

Having demonstrated his performance, the Emperor had also spoken the words necessary for trust.

―― Do you doubt my words , he had asked.

Vincent: [I’ve given this rebellion a great deal of thought. So, unless I tell you everything, from beginning to end about this, is it the case that you cannot even satisfactorily obey?]

Troops: [――No, absolutely not!]

Vincent: [Then if that is so, prick up your ears, and do what needs to be done before your eyes wander about. I have no intention of sugarcoating the veneers of your position for those who fail to do what needs to be done.]

The Emperor’s speech was both cold and sharp, which was why he seemed so familiar to the troops.

Vincent’s gaze and tone of voice had the power to manipulate the zeal of others’ souls. His devilishness, which was capable of being hot or cold, made the hearts of the troops burn at that moment.

The troops’ eyes glazed over with anxiety and suspicion as they wondered what he was thinking.

No concrete answer was given. But the clouded eyes of the troops cleared. ――Because their Emperor made it clear to them that he was working his deepest machinations.

Only then could the many Imperial Soldiers trust in victory and fight on.

Berstetz: [What would you like to divulge to me and the troops, if only a little?]

Vincent: [For what purpose? If I reveal it, it will cast a shadow over my strategy. Instead, what would be gained? Peace of mind for you, and those troops who are frightened of what lies ahead?]

Vincent brushed Berstetz off with a harsh tone, as if to say there’s no merit to comparing these .

But the troops supported Vincent’s answer. They no longer had the feeling in their hearts from earlier that Berstetz’s words spoke for them.

Rather, they even felt angry and frustrated at Berstetz’s proposal. Vincent made it clear that he had his own thinking. That should be enough.

Vincent: [You may disagree. I, however, do not intend to offer an explanation based solely on the prestige of the Empire.]

Looking at the silent Berstetz, Vincent added to his words.

At the sound of the Emperor’s voice persuading his unconvinced opponents, many of the troops inwardly shook their heads. No further words were needed. And yet, the Emperor continued.

Vincent: [But as I stated. I have no desire to reveal my intentions to you. Instead, I have only one word for you.]

Berstetz: [Your Excellency…]

Vincent: [The people of the Empire must be strong.]

Berstetz: [――――]

Vincent: [――I shall prepare a battlefield befitting the way of the Sword Wolf.]

Nodding deeply, Vincent promised the assembled troops, over Berstetz.

A beat later, a scorching passion burned through the troops’ bodies. The inferno that clad them was no less ferocious than the fires of rebellion spreading throughout the Empire.

If the rebellion was a flame of distrust of the Emperor, then the burning within the troops became a flame of confidence in the Emperor.

Vincent and Berstetz: [――――]

Vincent and Berstetz looked at each other silently as the heat quietly built among the troops.

The Emperor and the Prime Minister, both of whom occupy the highest positions in the Empire thanks to their ingenuity; the surrounding troops could not guess the intent of the glances exchanged by the two.

However, Berstetz did not make any further statements that would undermine the Emperor’s intentions.

But instead――,

Berstetz: [――Your Excellency, with all due respect, I have one more question.]

Vincent: [More questions and suspicions? Unlike the first time, those behind you do not appear to be on your side.]

Berstetz: [It is very difficult for one in the position of Prime Minister to decide whether or not to make a recommendation based on the presence or absence of allies.]

Vincent: [Your mouth works. Speak.]

Vincent urged him to do so, giving a jerk of his thin jaw.

In response, Berstetz prefaced his remarks with the words, “Then,” and then continued.

That was――,

Berstetz: [――The Crown Prince with the black hair.]

Vincent: [――――]

Berstetz: [The ones who rebel throughout the land, have championed him as their leader. He is a black-haired, black-eyed boy, and his origins are… that of being an undisclosed Son of His Excellency.]

Like Fire Magic Stones infused with mana, Berstetz’s act of throwing them in, for better or for worse, once again made the troops around him, who couldn’t grasp their surroundings clearly, speechless.

The troops had heard the rumors about this. Even for them, it would be a lie to say that they did not care about the truth of the rumors. But they did not have the courage to confirm them.

Berstetz questioned this directly, and yet again there was anticipation, as the troops, who should have been overcome with animosity, seemed to do an about-face.

The existence of the Crown Prince was now the sole focus of attention of all the people of the Empire.

How it appeared to Vincent’s eyes, how his ears heard it, and how his mouth spoke of it.

After a short pause, Vincent called out to the Prime Minister with a “Berstetz”.

And then――,

Vincent: [Do not be swayed by such frivolous rumors. I have no children. If necessary, find out where these rumors come from and bring the heir to the throne before me. I will keep him as a clown for my amusement.]

And with a wicked smile on his face, the black-haired Emperor assured them so.

△▼△▼△▼△

Berstetz: [――Is the Crown Prince truly not Your Excellency’s son?]

It was the same question that was posed a few minutes ago in the presence of a large crowd.

However, the tone of emotion in his voice was slightly different and carried more weight. It was a serious question and a voice that only those who heard it would understand.

After all, it was a matter of life and death for the old man who asked the question.

The location was neither the throne room nor the Crystal Palace, but the Prime Minister’s residence within the Imperial Capital.

Although they were both in charge of the government of the Empire, the tension between Vincent and Berstetz was always on edge and the perception around them was that they did not get along, to put it politely.

For that reason, their dialogue was sure to be a great shock to those who witnessed it.

Vincent Vollachia secretly visited Berstetz Fondalfon’s mansion and they faced each other in a room in this way.

Of course, if you went by the meaning of the word “shock”, it would be far more on the side of reality.

Vincent: [――――]

Vincent narrowed his black eyes at the question, fixed his eyes on his partner and remained silent. Rather than simply deliberating, the Emperor took pauses in order to drive his opponents into a corner, so Berstetz was in no hurry.

He was an old man who knew the effects of both silence and pauses.

In fact, although it was called a “matter of life and death”, there was not a trace of anxiety, agitation, or self-preservation in Berstetz’s appearance as he posed the question and waited for an answer.

Indeed, there was not the slightest hint of self-preservation. That was what was most alarming about this old man.

Vincent: [Obviously.]

Berstetz: [――――]

Vincent: [The answer changes not. I have no heirs. All of that is nonsense.]

Berstetz: [As I told you before, the discussion here will not leak out. Even if it were General First-Class Olbart, his strained ears will not pick up anything. You know this.]

After a long pause, Berstetz responded to Vincent’s answer.

The “tea chamber” in Berstetz’s mansion was a small fortress with all the necessities for the sole purpose of holding secret talks. There was talk that within Vollachia, the mystical barriers that used rare magic were employing things like mysterious curse arts or Meteors.

It was rumored that this “tea chamber” alone cost enough to buy an entire city.

Berstetz: [I have received the necessary stipend. I will offer it to you after my death, so you may put it to good use.]

Vincent: [Do you think a room named “tea chamber” would suit the Crystal Palace?]

Berstetz: [The name and interior are not important, so you can redecorate it as you like. What’s important is its function… Here, you don’t need to wear a false skin.]

Rather than using implied meanings, Berstetz spoke in a frank register to strip him of his mask.

At that, Vincent closed one eye. It was not contemplation. The answer was obvious. This was just another pause, another period of silence.

Even though he knew it would have no effect on the old man before him, he would not cut corners.

He was not going to deviate from what he had already decided. He had been told bluntly by easygoing old acquaintances that it was not a game, but it was in his nature.

Vincent: [I have no reason to follow your lead. You and I are in a relationship of mutual struggle based on our mutual interests. Do not misunderstand that.]

Berstetz: [I see. If that is the case, I would like you to dispel my doubts.]

Vincent: [――――]

Berstetz: [I will ask again. You do not have a son, do you, Your Excellency the Emperor?]

Vincent: [――. The answer remains the same.]

Vincent repeated the same answer over and over again. Berstetz responded with a short, “I see,” without a trace of disappointment or relief on his face.

If he considered the goal of this old man, he understood just what he had to respond with, but as Vincent was connected to the matter at hand, he asked a question in return.

Vincent: [For the sake of argument, if I had a child, what would you do?]

Berstetz: [If His Excellency had a son, it means that His Excellency was willing to fulfill the duties of the Emperor. The son would be secured as soon as possible and we would have the real His Excellency return to the throne.]

Vincent: [Hmm. Then, what about me?]

Berstetz: [As to how traitors meet their end, we both know, don’t we?]

Berstetz was thorough in his response, which was matter-of-fact and calm.

It was refreshing to see a man who had come all this way to the extremes of selflessness in order to serve the Empire’s way of being. The fact that there was not a speck of uncertainty in his appearance made the abnormality stand out even more.

With that, despite Berstetz’s thoughts――,

Vincent: [――The rumors about the Crown Prince must have been spread by the man himself, who keeps on getting away.]

Berstetz: [Do you think it will provoke rebellion in various places? Is it possible that there were children of whom even you and General First-Class Cecilus weren’t informed?]

Vincent: [It is not possible.]

Berstetz: [Even you don’t know everything about His Excellency.]

Vincent: [――It is not possible.]

Vincent shook his head at Berstetz, who liked to iron out the finest details.

This was not wishful thinking, a desire, or pretending to understand. It could not have happened. He could assure him without a shred of doubt.

Regardless of authenticity, Vincent Vollachia did not have a child.

The man must have been very thorough to leave no room for such suspicions or even a glimmer of possibility. To eliminate any doubt, he had never even shared a bedchamber with a woman.

A steel will to never close his eyes in front of others, that was what made him stick to his way of being.

Therefore――,

Vincent: [――Vincent Vollachia does not have a child. Your actions were just.]

Berstetz: [Just? If this can be called just, then I ought to usurp the throne with my own hands. When that cannot happen, it is not just. To begin with…]

Vincent: [――――]

Berstetz: [With these arms that feel like the withered branches of an old tree, I am unable to protect the might of the Empire.]

The old man’s flat tone of voice seemed to be more of a frenzied obsession than anything else.

Many people believed that they were doing the right thing and acted accordingly. Otherwise, they would not be able to fully demonstrate their abilities and, of course, they would not be able to validate themselves.

Just how many people in this world could remain unwavering while they were realizing that they were making mistakes? Unwavering, they returned with only these results.

So then――,

Vincent: [――――]

――So then, as they moved forward while making mistakes, just what awaited on the path ahead.

Berstetz: [If all doubt has been dispelled, what I ought to do shall remain unchanged.]

While Vincent was contemplating, Berstetz was speaking in an unconcerned voice.

Perhaps he did not anticipate the existence of a Crown Prince in the first place. If he was told by his closest confidant that there was no such possibility, he could withdraw his doubts for the time being.

Consequently, Berstetz’s attention and topic of interest also quickly moved to the next subject.

Berstetz: [Then, how do we deal with the rebels who turn their blades against you?]

Vincent: [Were you unsatisfied with the exchange from the throne room?]

Berstetz: [I dared to represent the troops, but I am ultimately in a different position from them since they have complete trust in your wisdom and authority. ――We have sent General First-Class Arakiya and General First-Class Madelyn to various parts of the country to crush the seeds of rebellion, but that alone is not enough to compensate.]

Vincent: [――――]

While propping up his chin in his chair, Vincent listened silently to Berstetz’s report.

In fact, Berstetz’s behavior in the throne room was not arranged. But given the situation within the Empire and Vincent’s position, it was the best tactic possible.

With that, the troops’ frustration and suspicion were redirected. However, Berstetz, who had knowledge of the fact that Vincent was merely sitting on a vacant throne, was doubtful about his authority.

Berstetz: [Normally, this is the point in the plan where the commanding ability of either General First-Class Chisha or General First-Class Goz is required. Since it is difficult to mobilize both of them, an alternative plan… how about bringing General First-Class Groovy back?]

Vincent: [――The movements of the Northwest are awfully suspicious. Whether it is Kararagi or another party, we have no option of moving them away from that border at this time.]

The original duties of a General First-Class was to uphold domestic security and keep external threats in check.

This situation was caused by Vincent and Berstetz’s collaboration, but if it jeopardized the Empire’s footing, it would be like putting carriage before Galewind Horse―― strangling it to death because of self-centered leadership.

Groovy Gumlet’s deployment was also an indispensable linchpin in the defense of the Empire.

Berstetz: [Then, how about General First-Class Olbart?]

Vincent: [We do not want to carelessly move him away from the Imperial Capital and unnecessarily expose him to the rebel forces. It is essential to keep him in the Capital and deploy him at strategically important points. At least, for now, as long as he is willing to follow us.]

Berstetz: [There is also the recuperation for the arm that was lost in the incident in the Demon City. Given the circumstances, it will not be too difficult to keep him in the Imperial Capital. If that is the case, then General First-Class Moguro.]

Vincent: [For him, there is a duty that only he can fulfill.]

Tapping the floor with the toe of his shoe, Vincent dismissed Berstetz’s suggestions one after another.

The Nine Divine Generals had all been given critical assignments. There were only a few of the Nine Divine Generals that did not fall into this category.

Berstetz: [Is General First-Class Cecilus still an unknown?]

Vincent: [It is extremely difficult for him to distinguish between friend and foe. His beliefs do not change no matter what principles or great causes one has. Therefore, I have removed him from the board.]

They had known each other for a long time, suffice it to say. But not once had they felt like they understood one another.

Perhaps no one but Cecilus could understand Cecilus. His ability with the sword was undisputed, but there was no room they could afford to leave for the uncertainty in his standpoint.

Though for Cecilus, who desired to stand on the grand stage, it seemed to be quite a regrettable story.

Vincent: [In any case, there is no chance of him returning. More than ones that can not be used, pawns that are troublesome when used will only derail the calculations. In general, the rebels should be looked at in a similar manner.]

Berstetz: [――. If he is not returned to the board, I have no objections. If so, what war potential do you have in mind to engage the Crown Prince, insolently presenting himself as His Excellency’s son, the rebels gaining momentum, and General First-Class Yorna?]

Vincent: [Arakiya, Olbart Dunkelkenn, and Madelyn Eschart.]

Berstetz: [――――]

Vincent: [If you think it insufficient, add in Chisha Gold and Moguro Hagane.]

At the word “insufficient”, Berstetz shook his head and just said, “Not at all”.

Although it was doubtful how open-minded one could be about this, it was an extraordinary situation to have five of the Nine Divine Generals face off against an adversary. In addition, there were also the Generals of the Second-Class, with Kafma Irulux at the front, who could virtually be called a General First-Class in terms of strength, and were not few in number.

Therefore――,

Vincent: [――In the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, we shall engage the rebels.]

Berstetz: [Perhaps the rebels will change their war strategy once they assemble all their forces.]

Vincent: [A black-haired Crown Prince to gather forces, and a bunch of collaborators using him as a symbol of deception? How can such a group of people be so united in their insistence on the authenticity of a non-existent Crown Prince? In the short term, this might be a clever move to light the fire of rebellion, but discrepancies will inevitably build up over time.]

The rebels took advantage of this opportunity to raise their voices, many of them under the banner of a fake crown prince.

Even if all the rebel forces from all over the country were to gather in the Capital, they would not be able to coordinate with each other. However, Vincent Vollachia certainly had not failed to consider such a possibility.

With that in mind, it left some element of unease. And, speaking of unease――,

Berstetz: [――A decisive battle in the Imperial Capital, hm? Ever since the founding of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, for a group of rebels to march on the Imperial Capital, it’s just like in “Magrizza’s Guillotine”.]

Vincent: [Berstetz.]

Berstetz: [Yes?]

Vincent: [You certainly seem to be enjoying yourself.]

At Vincent’s remark, Berstetz gave an unusually confused “Huh?”. However, when he pinched his cheek with his fingers, he became aware of these feelings for the first time.

Thoroughly probing for the joy that had slightly spread, and for its true origin,

Berstetz: [I am terribly sorry. I know it’s me of all people, but I offer my heartfelt apology.]

Vincent: [Apologies are unnecessary. Why do you smile?]

Berstetz: [A smile …It’s just, I thought it was as expected.]

Vincent: [As expected?]

Berstetz: [As expected, the depiction of a maelstrom of war, that very thing is the Vollachian Empire itself.]

To anyone outside the Empire, it would have sounded like a silly thing for an old man to say.

However, this was probably a sentiment held by almost everyone in the Vollachian Empire, young and old, and Berstetz was not unique in this regard.

――No, of course, it was rare for anyone to say such a thing, even in this position.

Vincent: [Is the existence of the Vollachian Empire entirely determined by that?]

Berstetz: [We each have our own picture of the future we envision. Your Excellency… no, I’m sure you do too.]

Vincent: [――――]

In the tea chamber, there was no margin for eavesdropping, nonetheless, he had said a bit too much.

This kind of talkativeness was uncharacteristic for Berstetz, and perhaps it was proof that human blood flowed through his veins. If that was the case, then perhaps Vincent may not have human blood in him after all.

The reason was――,

Vincent: [――You said too much, Berstetz. Just who do you take me for?]

Indeed, in the quiet words of his response, the elation and lamentation that should have been there, had not been present whatsoever.

--- Chapter 85: Fhrend ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [A rather gloomy atmosphere has spread within the mansion over the past few days, don’t you think?]

Rem quietly muttered at the tingling sense of tension in the air.

The dry air and cold winds brought in from outside seemed to be mixed with faint human anxiety and irritation surging up on the battlefield.

Although it was only for a short time, Rem had roughly experienced what it means to be on a battlefield on a few occasions.

If one yielded to that feeling, the tension they experienced on their skin would increase day by day, waiting for the moment to collapse. Even the soldiers guarding the mansion appeared to be gradually losing their composure.

That being said, that too was probably due to the influence of the current circumstances.

Rem: [I heard that the rebel army has the upper hand… Now rebellions are taking place in various parts of the Empire. The Imperial Army has been so busy dealing with them that they haven’t been able to respond proactively.]

Ironically, what had ended up triggering those rebels’ simultaneous uprisings was the battle at the Fortress City of Guaral, which also caused the abduction of Rem and many others―― the Imperial Army’s all-out offensive, with even a Divine General having been dispatched, had been narrowly staved off by the hodgepodge rebel army.

The rebel army――It was a conflicting way of referring to them for Rem who knew the fact that Abel, the one leading them, was the real Emperor, but she had heard that the resistance forces were continuing to grow.

There even was a rumor praising an indomitable city which splendidly repelled the merciless attack led by the Flying Dragon General, further boosting the belief that there was naught to fear from an Imperial Army helplessly driven away.

Rem: [It could perhaps be said that they’re not lying, but…]

From Rem’s perspective as someone involved, the commander of the flying dragons Madelyn did not retreat for strategic reasons, and it was questionable to conclude that a city damaged to such an extent was the winner.

Of course, from the rebel army’s point of view, a victory was still a victory, and there was also no reason to pass up the perfect opportunity to spread their agenda. Because of it, insurgents​ from all over the place have been joining the surging rebellion.

Strategically, there was nothing strange about it. ――Indeed, nothing strange at all.

There were also other reasons why the rebels have been in high spirits.

Rem: [――――]

One other reason besides the narrow victory of the Fortress City that explains the unprecedented success of the rebel’s uprising, being that the ruler of the Demon City of Chaosflame, General First-Class Yorna Mishigure, has joined the cause.

The defection of this capricious General First-Class known for her exceptional capabilities had sparked the rebel’s momentum.

And that in particular was Abel’s plan from the start, as well as the plan of Natsuki Subaru who went with him.

Rem: […He could’ve just been following along, and there’s the possibility he wasn’t useful at all.]

What proportion of these events have been set in motion by Subaru?

After mentioning the possibility that he had not been useful for anything, Rem herself admitted how unconvincing those words were. Hypothetically, if he had actually been useless, then it was only because all of Subaru’s words and actions had been blocked off.

And since she could not imagine Subaru keeping his mouth shut and not acting in the slightest, he probably accomplished at least something. ――Or even convince a General First-Class to change sides.

Then again, she is probably overthinking it.

Rem: [Do I…?]

An undeniable premonition made her ask herself that question.

The rebels had risen up simultaneously, and the foundations of the Empire were shaking unlike ever before. Winds filled with the scent of blood and steel were blowing in the Imperial Capital as well, even reaching Rem and the others who had been taken captive.

To what extent had Abel possibly foreseen this situation?

Rem: [Was even the initial self-directed hostility part of his calculations?]

He had probably even calculated the spread of the rebellion and that the fake Emperor would assemble his forces in the Imperial Capital following the successive outcry of the rebels.

Even Subaru was simply used as a pawn by Abel to realize his greater plan.

Subaru probably had not been told the full details of the plan to begin with. In the end, Subaru was nothing more than a pawn to be used for Abel’s goals. ――Not that she was not aware of the reason for it.

She was shameless to feign ignorance of such a deception.

Rem: [――――]

At this rate, would the small rebellion sparked off in the village of the People of Shudraq engulf the entirety of the Empire and turn into a political upheaval for the history books?

If so, how would Abel and Subaru, who were at the center of it, end up being spoken of?

And in the midst of it all, just what exactly should she accomplish――.

???: [――Hey.]

Rem: [Ah…]

???: [What are you spacing off for? Y-You’re the one that said you wanted to do it. Properly, yes, properly take responsibility and do so until the end.]

With those words, Rem snapped back to reality from being lost in thoughts with wide open eyes.

At her first glance, Rem noticed a woman playing with her dark brown hair――Katya. She had been staring sternly at Rem through the mirror on the dressing table in front of her.

Her unruly hair was tangled around Rem’s fingertips. That was only natural, as Rem had been right in the middle of doing Katya’s hair.

Rem: [Sorry. I was thinking about something.]

Katya: [You don’t need to tell me, of course everyone always has something on their mind, haven’t they? Don’t report every single thing like it is an excuse.]

Rem: [――――]

Katya: [――Ah, not that I am saying you shouldn’t, but.]

Thinking she might have gone too far, Katya awkwardly corrected herself.

The apologetic Rem inadvertently ended up feeling delighted at the attitude of the puppy-eyed girl.

Katya Aurélie――A woman held captive in Prime Minister Berstetz’s mansion and, just like Rem, was under house arrest.

Unlike Rem, who had been brought along as a healer for a wounded Flop and put under house arrest by a concerned Berstetz, it seemed she was here because of different circumstances.

It was not like they exchanged the details of their respective circumstances, but compared to their meeting, even being able to talk like this meant they considerably warmed up to each other. Katya was the kind of person that would snap at the slightest remark, and double the distance to someone going through the trouble of getting close to her.

Katya: […What’s with that expression? It is quite irritating.]

Rem: [Sorry. Even now, I also haven’t properly gotten used to seeing it either. It’s almost like it’s from a stranger.]

Katya: [C-Could you not say scary things? After hearing the story about you losing your memories, I can no longer tell when you are serious, it’s scary!]

Staring in a gloomy manner towards the mirror, Katya brought her own finger to her mouth and bit at it.

Whenever something went awry, Katya had the habit of biting her nails like that. Rem had only known her for a short while, but for better or worse, she would often resort to that when feeling on the edge.

Biting her nails, Katya’s reproachful gaze was reflected in the mirror as she glared at herself and Rem standing behind her. Behind the woman sitting in the wheelchair, Rem was still staring at her reflection in the mirror on the dressing table.

After all, what she had told Katya was an exaggeration.

Even Rem, without her “memories”, had long since accepted that this was not the expression of a stranger, but her own. She could ill afford to snap at everything she sees and touches.

If she starts doubting the kindness of Louis, the People of Shudraq, Medium, Flop, Priscilla or Schult, wouldn’t nothing be left of her but an empty self?

Since she knew that, wasn’t it about time for the very first person to lend her a helping hand to――.

Katya: […You’re good at doing hair.]

Rem: [Eh?]

Katya: [Like I said, you’re quite good at doing hair. Maybe, before you forgot everything, you were doing this as your job… but there’s no way, right?. I-I said something stupid. Forget about it. Just forget it. Forget it.]

Looking away from her reflection in the mirror, Katya blushed at the sight of Rem absent-mindedly doing her hair. Before she even noticed, Rem had finished doing her hair and her skill was clearly worthy of praise.

Using both hands to softly hold the pigtails steady, hanging down on either side of her head, Katya glared at Rem, her lips trembling.

Katya: [You’re spacing off again… I-If I’m such a boring person to talk to. Then! Please don’t and look, yes, look to someone else!]

Rem: [No, everyone else in the mansion is in the middle of working.]

Katya: [Then, am I just the only one loafing around? And then, coming to me of all people…]

Rem: [It’s not like that. Please don’t put me in the spot like that.]

Katya: [Which one of us…!]

Turning the wheels of her wheelchair, Katya fled to the back of the room. There, biting her nails and glaring upward, she was as ferocious as a cat whose territory had been violated.

Rem’s unclear attitude made Katya uneasy.

Rem: [Katya-san, I am sorry for the misunderstanding. I didn’t come to Katya-san’s room because she was the only one free in the mansion.]

Katya: [Then, then, what are you saying?! Why did you come to me…]

Rem: [That is…]

Asked for an appropriate reason, Rem thought for a moment.

Just as she had answered to Katya, Rem did not take her position lightly enough to seek out someone to kill time in this situation. However, after a little contact, she realized that Katya was not a particularly important person, nor did she hold any of the Empire’s secrets.

From Rem’s point of view, who was in a hurry to do something, there was no doubt that there was little to be gained by interacting with her.

Still, Rem actively tried to get involved with Katya because――,

Katya: [W-why? Tell me! If you won’t say…]

Rem: [I think it’s because Katya-san and I are friends.]

Katya: [――――]

Rem: [Katya-san?]

She seriously tried to look inwards and search for words that seemed to fit, but all that came out were hazy thoughts.

Rem did not have any sort of shrewd thoughts when it came to Katya. So, she could not give Katya a reason why she wanted to be there.

Rem would be in trouble if she could not convince Katya.

Katya: [Fhrend… Who the hell is Fhrend!] [1]

Rem: [Huh? Ah, that’s not someone’s name. Friend means something like a companion.]

Katya: [ Fhrend … eh, com… panion ?]

Katya looked wide-eyed in astonishment, as if she had heard an unbelievable word. Katya’s reaction made Rem suddenly think that referring to her as a friend was too familiar.

To begin with, the relationship with Katya was one that Rem was forcing on her.

It may have been a bit thoughtless to call two people friends when they got to know each other while being unwillingly placed under house arrest in Berstetz’s mansion.

Rem: [I’m sorry, that was self-serving. It’d be better to say “fellow house arrestee” or “house arrest companions”…]

Katya: [Fr-friend!]

Rem: [Yes?]

Katya: [I said we’re friends. Yeah, I said it… We’re not particularly good friends, but still…]

Putting both hands on her face, Katya said so while looking away.

When Rem blinked at those words, Katya exhaled “Ah.”,

Katya: [But if you don’t like it, you know, you can stop anytime?]

Rem: [I understand. Then…]

Katya: [You, you want to stop?]

Rem: [I don’t want to stop. No, I mean that Katya-san and I are friends.]

Unexpectedly, Rem nodded, hoping that the person in question agreed. Katya’s eyes widened, then she pulled her hair down, bit her nails, and muttered, “Yes.”.

Rem had analyzed that she bit her nails when feeling anxious, but since she just did it right in front of her just now, Rem was wondering whether she offended or scared her.

However, she didn’t look upset, so Rem decided to reconsider why she was biting her nails.

Including that hard-to-understand part, Rem felt that Katya was someone who could not be left alone. Rem did not know much either. However, this would be enough to meet the requirements of a friend.

Katya: […Despite that, you, that is…]

Rem: [That is?]

Katya: [Yes, umm, that! …You seem to know a lot about the rebellion out there.]

Katya, who had been biting her nails and closing her eyes, changed the subject as if she suddenly remembered.

For a moment, Rem was confused as to what she was saying, but quickly realized that she had just been lost in thought while doing Katya’s hair.

Rem: [I’m not sure if I know enough about it to say I’m well informed, but I have an interest in it because I was originally brought in from a battleground. Is it different for you, Katya-san?]

Katya: […Not exactly, no. However, I don’t want to think about it too much. My older brother… My stupid brother died, and I hate war.]

Rem: [――Oh.]

Dropping her gaze, Katya muttered while intertwining the fingers of both hands in her lap.

The death of Katya’s brother was not news to Rem. He must have been very important to Katya. She often spoke of her dead brother like this.

The most recent part of Abel’s rebellion resulted in the death of Katya’s brother. Perhaps his death was not unrelated to the battle in which Rem was involved.

Rem would also hate fighting if someone close to her died. Even now, she wished that there was no conflict.

Rem: [Still, even if I block my ears, it won’t go away. I was told that Katya-san’s fiancé is also on the battlefield. I’m sure you’re worried.]

Katya: [Not him…! H-He won’t die no matter what. However.]

Rem: [You thought the same of your brother, right?]

Katya: [――――]

Perhaps it was something that could not be avoided if you were born into this Empire, especially if you were born into an aristocratic family.

Her brother died in battle, and her fiancé also went off to war. Rem had mixed feelings about going into battle as an Imperial Soldier. ――Abel would show no mercy to his enemies.

The same was true even if the soldiers were formerly supposed to be his subordinates.

Rem: [It’s strange…]

To begin with, Rem was not inspired by, nor in agreement with, Abel’s philosophy.

Originally, she was taken prisoner in the Imperial camp, and Subaru enlisted the help of Abel and the People of Shudraq to take her out of there. In order to pay off that debt, Subaru cooperated with them――Rem also acted with them in an effort to make amends, but there should have been no obligation to do so.

Yes, it should not have happened, but it was already in the past.

Rem: [For Louis-chan, Priscilla-san, Mizelda-san’s group, Flop-san, and so on…]

One could say that the people related to Rem were either taking care of or looking after each other.

Such people shared the same path as Abel. Before she knew it, Rem had a hard time closing off her heart from it. But such things did not concern either the hostile Imperial Soldiers or Katya.

If Katya knew the reality of Rem’s situation, would she forgive Rem?

Katya: [――――]

Due to Katya grieving the loss of her dear brother, Rem did not have the courage to open her heart to her.

Katya: […You?]

Rem: [Ah, no, it’s nothing. If I seem to know the details of what’s going on outside, I think it’s because of the people who have been assembled somewhere else in the mansion grounds as of late.]

Katya: [Somewhere else in the mansion grounds… Ah, those guys.]

Hearing Rem’s story, Katya’s voice lowered a notch and her eyes grew stern.

That unsettled reaction by Katya was understandable. To begin with, Katya was shy and distrustful of people, and it took a lot of effort for Rem to approach her.

From her point of view, it was unwelcome to have more and more people in the mansion. And even more so with the flags of rebellion gathering from all over the country.

Katya: [There are so many of them, do you really think he’s there, among them, His Excellency the Emperor’s…]

Rem: [――Illegitimate child]

Katya: […I’ve already been found out, so I have nothing to hide.]

Cutting off Rem’s reply, Katya made an uncomfortable face.

Another redundant word , she seemed to think, but Rem paid it no mind. More than that, the meaning of the word was far too captivating.

In Berstetz Fondalfon’s mansion, in a separate part of the mansion where Rem had also been under house arrest, a large number of youths from the battlefields throughout the Empire had been assembled.

――All of them were teenage boys, a trait shared by the black-haired Crown Prince.

Katya: [There were all these stories about how strange it was that His Excellency doesn’t have a son, well, there was…]

Muttering this in a hushed voice, Katya reminded Rem of the time when she met Berstetz one-on-one right after she was brought to the mansion.

Berstetz, who ousted Abel from his throne and replaced him with a false emperor, was claiming that Abel resigned from his role as Emperor as the reason for his treason.

Their neglected role was the lack of an heir to the throne.

Katya: [His Excellency never took an Empress Consort, and …all the previous emperors have had many spouses and children …so it falls to them to select the next Emperor.]

Rem: [That is the conventional practice to do so. And yet, Abel-san, …No, Emperor Vincent did not abide by that. Then there were rumors of a black-haired Crown Prince.]

Katya: [It seems that you are saying that the Empire cannot be left in the hands of His Excellency. Utterly ridiculous.]

Rem: [Ridiculous, you say?]

Rem raised an eyebrow at Katya, who muttered with heartfelt hatred while looking downward.

It seemed like Katya’s rebellious remarks stemmed from her anger towards the people who started the war rather than her irritation at the causes of the war.

Rem: [Katya-san, what is your judgment about Emperor Vincent?]

Katya: [I, I would never do anything so presumptuous as judging His Excellency the Emperor! …But, in an Empire where the strong dominate, there is no place for someone like me, and …in peaceful times, there is not really a difference between the two. So it was comfortable.]

Rem: [Comfortable, is it…]

Rem’s eyes were downcast as Katya stammered and faltered as she revealed her feelings.

It did not seem like Abel’s capabilities were lacking, and Berstetz said that he would not have contemplated rebellion if it had not been for the heirship matter. In fact, the Empire had been at peace for so long that there were probably more than a few with opinions like Katya’s.

While there was no fighting, there would be fewer people risking their lives.

Katya’s brother died as soon as the fighting started, and her fiancé was dragged off to the battlefield. From Katya’s perspective, it would be difficult to have a good impression of the war.

However――,

Rem: [I don’t think there’s a real Crown Prince to be found in that place.]

Whether or not Abel really had a child, Rem had come to that conclusion.

Hearing Rem’s answer, Katya asked in a hushed voice, “Why?”. Rem averted her gaze by turning her head towards that far-off person.

Rem: [The ones being held captive in that separate area are the Crown Princes who participated in the rebellions all over the country… At the very least, they’re calling themselves that.]

Katya: [T-that’s what I’ve heard too, but… But, can it be?]

Rem: [If you asked me, a self-proclaimed son of His Excellency the Emperor instigating a rebellion, and promptly getting himself captured does not sound like a well thought out situation.]

Katya had difficulties ascertaining such a thing with certainty. There were just too many circumstances and bits of information she could not talk about.

Not only had these Crown Princes been taken prisoner from many battlefields, they had also been taken alive so that the facts could be ascertained. They had been assembled at this separate section of the mansion, as to wait for the time the matter of their position would be addressed.

Since Rem already knew the character of Abel, the real Emperor, he would be more cautious when it came to his child. At least, she did not think he would be that foolish.

In the first place, shouldn’t supporters of the rebels side cooperate with Abel since he is their leader?

Considering that father and son would be working together to oust the fake Emperor, it was hard to believe that this Crown Prince so effortlessly captured was actually the real deal.

Rem: [Of course, there is no way to be sure…]

Even Rem could not state that her thoughts and impressions were absolute, either.

Even Abel was not almighty. Surely there was a scenario where he could be captured and rendered unable to act by some unforeseen mistake. However, being defeated in battle and taken prisoner was a different story.

If there was a calculated plan to include getting captured, she might consider it, but it was not clear that one of the Crown Princes in the separate house had planned to do so.

Katya: [I, I am by no means confident, but what are you to, …His Excellency the Emperor?]

Rem: [――. I have never met him. I think the man himself would even insist on it. But, I wonder if the people who would share my opinion on this far-away Crown Prince are that few.]

Katya: [You mean, they’re deceiving people with a fraud? What’s even the point of such a dreadful thing…]

Rem: […It’s probably just a good way to recruit people.]

Using the Emperor’s biological son as a propaganda move would be the best possible pretext to claim the throne.

From what she had heard, there were no instances in the Vollachian Empire in which the Imperial throne had been superseded by usurpation. However, the logic of the Empire does not forbid usurping the Imperial throne.

If one seized the Imperial Capital, took the throne, and beheaded the Emperor, that person would become the next Emperor.

It was very convenient to support the next Emperor candidate as a pretext for gathering the necessary manpower to carry out such a plan.

Rem: [In addition, the Crown Prince has never been seen publicly, and we don’t know anything about him except that he has black hair and black eyes, first come, so people are free to make up claims for their own benefits.]

Katya: […Um, who are the people who started saying that?]

Rem: [I guess it means they’re part of the rebellion…]

Katya’s question made her think about the people around the captive Crown Princes, rather than himself. These so-called “comrades” would not get away scot-free if the Crown Prince had been taken from them.

There was only one destination for those who defy the Emperor.

Katya: [They use you, they get taken advantage of, and then they get killed or arrested for it. …such stupid people.]

Rem: [Katya-san…]

Katya: [Wha, what? Did I say something wrong? Or did you just say you’re a hostage too? Are you saying that they are better than me?]

Katya’s voice faltered as if she was having a tantrum, causing her eyes to tear up.

Perhaps the reason why she insists on being different from those far-off people in such an exceedingly malevolent way was because she came to realize how much she has in common with them contrary to her belief.

Katya often cursed herself for her own inadequacies, because the awareness of her captivity and the remorse she felt were a burden for the ones around her―― first of all her fiancé.

Rem: [――――]

Because Rem knew how she felt, she was at a loss for words.

She would be called a fraud if she was to oppose, and any words of understanding would be met with insults for being arrogant. At this point, she was not convinced that they had grown close enough for her to relieve Katya’s heart without causing an argument.

Pondering about what she should say, Rem gripped her cane in frustration.

And then――,

???: [――You’re friggin’ noisy, girl.]

Rem: [――――]

With those words, a terribly cold voice echoed through the room, and Rem and Katya held their breath. ――No, Rem may have been able to settle for this, but not Katya.

Shocked, Katya faced her wide-eyed gaze behind Rem to the room’s window that looked out onto the courtyard. The voice had come in from the window, so in other words, the person speaking was there.

Katya made direct eye contact with the other person, and had ended up completely frozen in place.

Katya: [Ah, uh…]

???: [Enough of your grating voice. Quit being an eyesore. It is a mark of disrespect before this dragon.]

Wide-eyed after having let out a ragged breath, Katya was struck by a cold voice. As if her whole body was being gripped tightly by that voice, Katya’s throat had not even been able to properly respond.

At the sight of Katya trembling violently, Rem bit her lip and turned to look back.

There――,

Rem: [――Madelyn-san]

Madelyn: [Healer-girl, what are you doing here? You should be fulfilling your duties. Did you get carried away in the absence of this dragon?]

Rem: [That was not my intention.]

With the focus of that strict voice directed towards herself, this time Rem was the one feeling intimidated. However, Rem shielded Katya behind her from that gaze and faced the other party directly.

Standing in the courtyard, outside the window of the room, was a petite girl in lovely clothes and two black horns growing out of her head――Madelyn Eschart.

She was one of the Nine Divine Generals, and the person responsible for bringing Rem to this mansion. When she made her return after leaving the mansion on Berstetz or Vincent’s command time and time again, Rem would be surprised at the appearance of the girl.

It was not about her appearing. Because of her fierce appearance.

Madelyn stood confidently in the courtyard, her appearance stained with sticky black blood.

Rem: [Is that blood? Are you injured?]

Madelyn: [Don’t change the subject. I, the dragon, surely told you to heal that man’s wounds.]

Rem: [I’m not changing it. Flop-san’s wounds are being properly handled one step at a time. More importantly, please answer me. That blood is…]

Madelyn: [――. It’s not this dragon’s blood. This is the blood splatter of victims.]

With an annoyed frown, Madelyn pulled at her clothes and answered Rem’s question. The crispy sound it made was probably because the dried blood had already stuck her clothes to her skin.

Rem caught her breath upon being told that that large amount of blood was that of victims. In just what way could you have hurt someone else, or perhaps how many people would you have had to hurt to be bathed in that much blood?

Rem: [Have you been fighting?]

Madelyn: [A fight is something done with an opponent you recognize as an equal. Do you think there is anything that could stand on equal footing with this dragon? What this dragon has been doing is hunting. Hunting with bothersome limitations.]

Rem: [Bothersome…]

Madelyn: [Let those with black-hair live. Kill the rest.]

Rem could not respond carelessly to Madelyn’s direct manner of speaking.

However, she was able to understand that Madelyn bore the duty of bringing back the Crown Princes from various battlefields in order to be held prisoner in a separate building.

As expected, Berstetz was probably the one who ordered the securing of the Crown Prince.

Given the original purpose for bringing about the rebellion, if Abel truly had an illegitimate child, that fundamental reason itself would end up being lost.

Rem did not know whether Berstetz feared that or welcomed it.

She did not know, but――,

Rem: [If he’s saying to capture, and not to kill… l]

If a real Crown Prince was found, she had a feeling that the old man would die satisfied.

That was a supposition that chilled Rem’s heart.

In any case――,

Rem: [So, did you return to stick another Crown Prince in the separate building again? Or, to make sure I was not slacking as Flop-san’s healer?]

Madelyn: [Chattering, does this dragon have a reason to chat with you? Don’t get carried away, you. At this stage, even without you, the Imperial Capital has plenty of healers…]

Rem: [Will those healers be able to keep a secret? If the Prime Minister hasn’t appointed them, finding such a person will be very difficult.]

Madelyn: [――Don’t friggin’ get carried away, you.]

Rem, unintentionally forceful in her reply, was not trying to be pushy. Madelyn stepped up to the window and narrowed the pupils of her golden eyes, as if she had been offended by it.

At the sight of this fierce, chilling presence, Rem felt a slight shiver run down her spine.

Katya: [I-Idiot! Don’t say anything you don’t have to! It, it’s not true at all!]

And then, with squeaking wheels, Katya came rushing out in a great hurry.

Katya, with her pale face turning more white, turned to face Madelyn who was looking through the window, her throat quivering beneath her gaze.

Katya: [Y-you don’t have to take anything she says seriously, don’t worry… don’t worry about it! Sh-she just doesn’t know anything, because she forgot everything, she’s an idiot.]

Rem: [K-Katya-san…]

Katya: [She’s an idiot, but it’s better if she’s here, so, st-stop it. …Um, properly! I’ll let you do your job properly. And she’ll fix the one with the blond hair, too…]

Rem quietly gulped at Katya’s frantic choice of words. Madelyn’s eyes narrowed at Katya’s vigor, and she stared at her.

Then, wondering what to do in the case there was an outrageously dangerous expression on her face, Rem waited for Madelyn’s next move, ready to protect Katya with her body.

And then――,

Madelyn: [――Do not defy this dragon, such a weak thing like you. There will be no next time.]

Katya: [Eek!]

Madelyn placed her hand on the window sill and squeezed it as she spoke indifferently. With a violent sound, Katya’s throat caught as the masonry was crushed with a light touch.

However, despite finding Katya’s attitude to be inexcusable, Madelyn seemed to have decided to let it slide――,

Rem: [Please correct what you said, calling Katya-san a weak thing. A weak person would not have chided you like that.]

Katya: [S-Stop! Stop, idiot! Die! Idiot! Stop!]

Rem: [Katya-san! But…]

Katya: [No buts! Just stop! Die! Stop!]

Katya collided into Rem, who was walking with her cane and had tried turning around to face Madelyn. Since she was frail, it was a weak ramming attack, and even Rem could easily stop it, but since Katya looked desperate after that as she extended her arms, naturally Rem could not shake herself free.

As for Rem, she had wanted Madelyn to retract her excessively condescending statement about Katya, but if Katya frantically stopped her like that, there was nothing she could do.

Madelyn snorted and turned her back on Rem, who had thus abandoned her direct appeal.

Madelyn: [Watch your mouth, girl. I’ll seriously arrange for a replacement healer.]

Rem: [Please wait. Where are you going?]

Madelyn: [To that man’s place. This dragon has something to discuss with that man.]

Rem: [If you are going to Flop-san’s place, please go after you’ve washed off the blood and changed your clothes. Since he is injured, you need to also take heed of his state of mind. Please take this into consideration.]

Madelyn: [You…]

Without hesitating, Rem declared that to her back when she was about to leave. There Madelyn once again made an unpleasant face, and Katya said, “Die!”, as she pulled on Rem’s sleeve.

However, Rem could not die, and she could not let Flop die.

Covered in blood as she was, it would be extremely filthy and unsanitary. No matter the common sense of the dragonkin or the Empire, on that alone Rem would not compromise.

Rem: [Take a bath.]

Madelyn: […Got it.]

Rem: [Please also change your clothes. We have lots of cute clothes to change into properly…]

Madelyn: [I friggin’ said I got it! Friggin’ persistent girl!]

Baring her fangs and raising her voice, the overpowerment in Madelyn’s scream struck Rem, and incidentally Katya, like the wind and made them catch their breaths.

Still, Madelyn also probably understood that she should not go against Rem’s instructions. That was Flop’s major achievement for having successfully won her over.

Some day, would he be able to get Madelyn to change sides in that way?

Madelyn: [Don’t look at this dragon with insolent eyes, girl. ――Everything you scheme is futile.]

Rem: [I don’t think you can say it’s futile. No matter what you do.]

Madelyn: [That’s not what I friggin’ mean. I’m friggin’ saying there’s no time to do anything.]

Rem: [No time?]

Tilting her head, Rem narrowed her eyes and tried to search for the true meaning of Madelyn’s words.

However, there was no need for her to search for the true meaning. Madelyn should have hated Rem, but even still, perhaps because of the dragonkin’s pride and way of life, she hated things like lying and deceiving.

Therefore she properly explained clearly the meaning of the words she had said.

She had said.

Madelyn: [The decisive opportunity to settle things with those who defy the Emperor is friggin’ near. It was for that purpose that this dragon was called back. ――Your role also friggin’ ends there.]

So she spoke.

△▼△▼△▼△

With that, leaving behind these seemingly hopeless words, Madelyn departed from the garden.

Since she did not head straight for Flop’s room, she presumably would follow Rem’s advice to bathe and change her clothes, and from there she would pay a visit to his room.

Flop would be welcoming of that in itself, and if he was not going to be hurt, then Rem had no reason to stop her.

However――,

Rem: [――The decisive battle, with the rebel army.]

Katya: [Sh-she didn’t say where though…]

Rem: [――――]

While biting her nails and still worrying about the movements outside the window of Madelyn, who had gone away, Katya was harboring the same apprehensions that Rem was.

The concern she had was about the decisive battle between the Imperial Army and the Rebel Army――Specifically, the time and the place.

From Madelyn’s words, she indicated that it was not far off. But where would the location be? Was there somewhere suitable for an all-out confrontation?

With rebels rising up all over the Empire and battlefields scattered here and there, if you could prepare to take down such an opponent in one fell swoop, it would be――.

Katya: […Sheesh, they really are just idiots. You too. You’re a big idiot!]

Rem: [Katya-san…]

Katya: [Th-that was a Divine General, a dragonkin who can’t be communicated with, right!? And yet, that kind of behavior could have resulted in death! If you want to be stupid, go ahead and die on your own! Die, you idiot!]

Katya blamed Rem in a tearful voice, replacing the anxiety of waiting with the frustration of the immediate situation.

Unlike Rem, who had settled her resolve, Katya had been pushed too much. In fact, if Katya had not intervened, it was quite possible that Madelyn’s anger could lead to Rem getting hurt, if not killed.

Rem: [My apologies, thank you. But I couldn’t keep quiet after she said bad things about Katya…]

Katya: [L-like I care! I’m used to being told what to do! And yet, that kind of idiot…]

Rem: [It is ridiculous to get used to being told what to do. So no matter how many times you say it, I would argue the same way again in the same situation.]

It was not a good feeling to hear Katya belittling herself. Still, humiliation had its due reason and consideration. Though, Rem could not bear to see blades turned on a complete stranger.

――I think it’s selfish to look back at myself, though.

Rem: [That’s what I think, so I….]

She knew it was selfish, but she did not want to cease having a voice.

Katya’s eyes blinked repeatedly and her mouth fluttered at Rem’s answer.

Then she glared at Rem with sharp, teary eyes and bit her nails.

Kayta: [L-like I care… Things like your matters, like I care! S-stop it. Just stop. We’re not friends. For me, I’ll just stop…!]

Rem: [No, I should have the choice whether to stop. I refuse.]

Katya: [Such a one-sided conversation!]

Rem smiled wryly as Katya retorted to her, with her throat choking up.

While softening the tightness in her chest slightly, Rem thought.

――The decisive battle of which Madelyn spoke, if that is so close at hand.

Rem: […I wonder, just what can I do?]

In her empty self with nothing contained therein, was it even possible for something to resound?

That was the only thing which continued to make Rem’s heart pound so badly.

[1] – Katya completely botches the pronunciation of the word “friend”, which is written as “ユージン”, whereas the normal here would be either the Hiragana form, “ゆうじん”, or the Kanji form, “友人”. And with the way Japanese works, Rem could also be saying “If I just wanted to help Fhrend”, as in, a person named Fhrend. This is exactly the same error Otto makes earlier on in the third loop of Arc 4, in Chapter 35.

--- Chapter 86: The Five Bastions ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The “Giant Eye” Izmail, was a valiant warrior of the Cyclops Tribe and the hope of his clan.

In the center of his valiant face, a large blue eye fixed its gaze clearly on the future without hesitation.

As the name suggested, the Cyclops Tribe was a race which had no more than a single eye. If one took into account the fact that most races were born with a pair of eyes, a single eye could almost never have an advantage in survival.

In that case, was the Cyclops Tribe a pitiful race with an inferior ability to survive?

――Absolutely, that could be denied.

For the Cyclops Tribe, which had only one eyeball, in exchange for their weakness of their survival ability diminishing with the loss of one eye, that single eyeball possessed many peculiarities.

With the basis of an eyesight that could see much further into the distance than other races, and while it varied based on the individual, there were many who could see the concentrations of mana or heat, or those who were abnormally superior at seeing movement.

The Evil Eye Tribe was another race with an eye that possessed peculiarities, but unlike them, who were often born with weak bodies in exchange for their unique abilities, the Cyclops Tribe was also physically strong.

In a sense, the “Eye” was superior to all other abilities in battle.

Needless to say, in day-to-day life, the amount of information obtained from what one could see accounted for the majority of perception, and that became even more obvious on the battlefield where it was more directly tied to survival.

Therefore, the Cyclops Tribe could be called a superior species that was well equipped for producing excellent warriors.

Returning to the topic at hand, let us speak of the “Giant Eye” Izmail.

Having turned twenty-one, Izmail was a fighter who wielded an enormous battleaxe with his well-trained body. As mentioned before, a single blue eye blinked in the center of his face, and had become something which members of the Cyclops Tribe trembled at due to its excellence, and members of other tribes trembled at due to its intimidating air.

For the sense of beauty of the Cyclops Tribe, there were many ratings for the beauty in the shape and size of that eye, as well as its color and radiance, but Izmail’s eye was an exceedingly first class item in each category.

With a beautiful big blue eye, he was expected to follow a different path from the ordinary as soon as he was born, and was nicknamed “Giant Eye” from a young age, and along with the hopes of his clan, he became a boy, he became a young man, and he became a warrior.

Wielding a battleaxe taller than himself, the “Giant Eye” would tremendously mow down the battlefield―― If he was in an era where war raged in the Vollachian Empire, that name would be famous not only in his clan, but throughout the country.

However, the times had not waited for him to grow up, and he complacently plunged into a state of stagnation and relaxation.

Many cursed that bad luck of Izmail’s. However, fate had not abandoned him.

The torchlight of rebellion that had begun in the East, before long it had spread its flames throughout Vollachia, and invoked Izmail, deprived of the opportunity to fight, to the battlefield.

Izmail: [As long as I have a chance to fight――]

Then with this battleaxe, I will achieve results in battle that no one can imitate.

That was Izmail’s pride, and the promised future that everyone in the clan believed in without question. In the Empire, at the peak of military prowess were those known as the Nine Divine Generals, but if the same chance that those people had been blessed with had presented itself, he would astonish all of them.

Therefore, when Izmail the “Giant Eye” shouted that the Emperor must be defeated, not a single member of his tribe dissented, and they also had actively helped search for the black-haired child.

Just as the signs of rebellion had spread throughout the Empire, so too did the existence of the black-haired Crown Prince―― It was not about whether he actually existed or not that was important, but that there was a bill making a justifiable claim.

Simply put, having a black-haired boy was the qualification to join the great uprising that had begun in the Vollachian Empire, and those who failed to see the opportunity undermined the righteous cause they were joining at that point.

Those who quietly observed these circumstances, standing by and watching the competition for supremacy from outside, went against the ways of the Empire.

――The people of the Empire must be strong.

To this day, it was a teaching that had been spread throughout the Empire, even to the people that were unconnected to its capital. Those who could not understand that principle were not qualified to participate in this great uprising, nor were they qualified to live in the Empire afterwards.

When Izmail fulfilled his ambitions, he would uproot all of them and create a more powerful nation.

For that purpose――,

Izmail: [――It is I who shall reign supreme over this Vollachian Empire!]

Pressing the tips of his feet against the base of the colossal stone wall, Izmail’s body ascended to the sky.

A wall that had probably been thought of as insurmountable for the people outside, with the people inside absolutely not allowing any hostility to pass through it whatsoever, easily traveling over that, he planted his feet on the wall.

Seeing Izmail, who had landed atop the rampart, the soldiers there who had drawn their bows were in chaos, and they panicked as they tried to draw the swords at their waists, but they were too slow.

Izmail: [What unsightliness for soldiers of the Empire!]

Gripping the handle of the battleaxe he carried on his back, the muscles in his right arm swelled, then, a flash.

The huge blade that was released swept through the air without a sound, and the upper bodies of the five soldiers in its path were obliterated simultaneously. Having lost everything above the waist, their lower bodies slowly collapsed, a great amount of blood flooded out, and the surrounding soldiers screamed.

His eardrums grasped that those people were filled with intense caution and a meager amount of trepidation,

Izmail: [Boorish.]

Rather than warriors that harbored vigilance and nervousness, the ones who succumbed to cowardice were exceedingly disappointing. Izmail blinked his blue eye once, and switched the world he could see.

At that moment, bright colors vanished from the vividly-colorful world and his field of view was filled with dark colors. ――No, not just dark colors. Red, yellow, and blue lights emerged from the darkness. Those were the emotions carried by living things, perceiving them as colors was the special trait of Izmail’s eye.

With the power of his eye, Izmail could catch a glimpse of whether or not the enemy had the will to fight, what kinds of skills they had mastered, and their history as a warrior.

Possessing a field of view of those omitted colors, Izmail chose his enemies.

Namely――,

Izmail: [Disappear you cowards!]

Stepping forward, the battleaxe swung towards the mediocre people who harbored a blue light, with their minds already detached from the battlefield, those who were trying to prioritize self-preservation.

Mowing down the backs turned towards him, denying the legs that tried to run away, smashing the faces of those who tried to beg for their lives, death and blood were spreading atop the wall.

And thus he rampaged, seeing the blue lights increase one after the other, his disappointment intensified.

Izmail: [What the hell is this? This should be the Imperial Capital, the territory at the side of His Excellency the Emperor of the Vollachian Empire!]

Pointing his battleaxe towards the interior side of the rampart, Izmail shouted his fury from atop of the wall.

Out in the distance at the center of the Vollachian Empire, the symbol of a powerful nation that no one had ever been able to defeat, the Crystal Palace, considered the most beautiful castle in the world, could be seen, and Izmail could reach it in less than a few minutes.

He would rush into the Crystal Palace, defeat the soldiers arrayed there, and take the head of the Emperor sitting on the throne.

That was what Izmail wanted. However, that was――,

Izmail: [It’s not such a cheap honor that can be obtained by tyrannizing such cowardly soldiers!]

Feeling betrayed by what he believed in, Izmail’s angry voice sounded like lamentation.

Even so, the diligently forged battleaxe was precisely aiming for the enemy’s life, and with each and every step, life was wiped out, and the disappointment grew more intense within the “Giant Eye”.

Following Izmail as he did so, warriors of the same Cyclops Tribe reached the top of the wall one after another. They, too, used their weapons to drive away fleeing soldiers, knocking them down and taking their lives.

He wanted to be proud of that. He wanted to make it known that the Cyclops Tribe was here.

Izmail: [But, that’s not going to happen if our opponent is you guys…]

???: [W-wait! St-stop…!]

In front of the sorrowful eye of Izmail, the man he was chasing collapsed.

The man ran away from the warriors and fell in front of the person who was the most dangerous to approach, seeing Izmail with a sneer on his face, and yelped “Aah!” with a quivering voice.

Putting both his hands forward, he scooted back on his buttocks while he grudgingly shook his head at Izmail.

Soldier: [Don’t kill me! I don’t wanna, I don’t wanna die!]

Izmail: [――. Stop it already. Don’t live in such dishonor any longer.]

Soldier: [Ah, aaaaah!]

Izmail: [That’s enough.]

Izmail’s face contorted at the soldier’s attitude, which was so miserable and pathetic. When it was too disgusting to hear any more, he raised the battleaxe up high in his hands.

With a gleam, the blood-soaked blade shined dully, and the soldier’s eyes were stained with despair,

Izmail: [If you’re a warrior, I’ll at least give you a fitting end――]

Soldier: [Y-you’re wrong! I’m not a warrior! I’m not a soldier!]

Izmail: [What?]

As he swung his battleaxe down, his arm stopped just before he was about to split the life out of his opponent along with his skull. With a snap, the axe stopped near the skin on his head, and the man exhaled a “Phew” as he slackened.

Though, it was not that he spared that life on a whim. The brief comment from just before, that was what stopped him.

Izmail: [Not a soldier, what do you mean? You’re currently equipped as a soldier.]

Soldier: [They made me wear it! Wearing this, taking a bow and fighting! If I do that…]

Izmail: [If you do that?]

Soldier: [I’d be pardoned! They’d release me, and I could leave the prison…]

Izmail: [――――]

He peeked at the desperate man’s face. There was no lie to be found in his pale, cold complexion.

A reasonable amount of trembling would be created in the face of someone who was lying and trying to conspire against you. Izmail’s eye, which did not overlook the subtleties of this case, did not find any deception.

Izmail: [There’s no way.]

Now, taking in what he had just seen, Izmail’s looked around the top of the wall.

Pursued by the Cyclops Tribe who had climbed the wall, the Imperial Soldiers had fallen into disarray atop the wall――All of them had a cowardice that made him want to close his eye, but no matter how much they resisted, it would never be enough.

On the way to attack the Imperial Capital, the soldiers of the garrison with spears still put up a better fight. Izmail was disappointed that the regular soldiers in charge of the defense of the Capital were in such a state.

Were they not regular soldiers, but criminals who had been given equipment?

If so, for what purpose did they――.

Izmail: [――――]

After thinking about it, Izmail suddenly realized the answer.

If his thoughts were correct, then right now, the only people on top of the wall were the warriors of the Cyclops Tribe which he led, and the criminals they were doing battle against.

In other words――,

???: [――Burn all at once.]

Suddenly, a quiet voice struck Izmail’s eardrums amidst a sky reverberating with angry shouts and screams.

The volume of the voice, which should not have been audible and the fact that it was heard, made his whole body alert. A rare phenomenon on the battlefield, the kind of thing where power resided in even the voice of a powerful being.

A somewhat idiotic voice seemingly lacking in seriousness reached the ears of the “Giant Eye.”

Izmail: [――――]

Widening his large single eye, Izmail looked up at the sky of the Imperial Capital.

Inside the ramparts of the city, protected by solid walls where the buildings were lined up in an orderly manner, there was a brown-skinned woman floating in the sky with her legs having become fire.

With one of her eyes covered by an eyepatch, she turned her blood-red eye toward him, and the woman――,

Izmail: [RAAAAAHHHHH――!!]

The moment he saw her, Izmail let out a war cry, and kicking off the ramparts, he soared.

Swinging his large battleaxe, he furiously swooped down on the woman in the sky. It was such a mighty blow that even if it did not hit a vital point, but only grazed a part of the body, it would send a painful blow throughout her entire body.

The cells in his body were screaming that he had to fire a shot with all his might, a shot that was an order of magnitude different from the one he had fired at his cowardly opponent on the wall, and that he could not win without unleashing it.

Without missing, he plunge it into the slender body of the woman floating in the sky――,

???: [Disappear.]

Following the woman’s single word, a light filled his vision with white that enveloped Izmail’s world.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Kah…uh…hah…hk]

Coughing and suffering from a burning sensation all over his body, he sat up.

His throat burned, and when he reached for his throat quickly, his ragged, charred skin and fingers began falling off. Witnessing the damage, he realized that it was a miracle that he had managed to survive.

――No, it was not a miracle.

Right away, he had used his battleaxe as a shield to protect himself from the oncoming flames. Even that was only possible because of the scorching heat that seemed to overwhelm everything and anything in its path.

Only, Izmail understood that he was probably the only one who had barely managed to survive.

Izmail: [――――]

When he forced his trembling eyelid open and looked up, he saw the ramparts of the Imperial Capital glowing red hot, and that the warriors of the Cyclops Tribe who had been fighting ruthlessly, as well as the mobilized criminals, had been burnt to nothing all at once.

There was no doubt that most of them were engulfed by the flames without knowing what had even happened. Or perhaps they had understood, and those who were able to react had their suffering prolonged.

Suffering and still being the only one left alive, this death was a cruel one.

And, most cruelly of all.

???: [――What, there are still survivors? You had good luck…no, would it be bad? You sure are a bad guy.]

Amidst the smell of the burning vegetation and human flesh, stepping on ground which had been covered with ash and soot, a single man appeared.

The man that carried an axe on his shoulder tilted his head and looked down at Izmail in the burnt field. Looking into his terrible, cold, parched eyes, Izmail felt an instinct.

Stationing the criminals on the rampart, and burning them together with Izmail and the others who were fighting them, this man was the one responsible for carrying out that brutal strategy.

Izmail: [Y-you… everyone is…]

???: [――? Don’t be ridiculous, I’m not the one who burned them. I couldn’t have done such an outrageous thing. It was done by a monster who could do it. If you’re going to hold a grudge, hold it against them.]

Izmail caught his breath at the tone of the man’s voice, neither mocking nor playful, but as if he sincerely believed that from the bottom of his heart. Then, he quickly switched the vision of his single eye, and concentrated it in order to see through the man.

However, Izmail was then astounded. ――He was blue.

Those who harbored a strong fighting spirit would be red, if they had a strong degree of nervousness and anxiety they would be yellow, and if they turned their back on the battle with panic or fear, they would be blue.

Despite the fact that he had managed to successfully trap and round up Izmail and the others, he was blue.

This man was not even a warrior. Nor was he a coward. He was something far more horrifying.

Izmail: [I cannot let you live――!!]

Indeed, acting in accordance with the appeal of his instincts and the world seen by his single eye, Izmail jumped up.

The flames showered upon him had scorched his internal organs, and his left arm was completely lost to the fire from his shoulder onwards. Due to the wounds he had sustained all over his body, his movements were slow compared to when he was in his best condition. However, even the melted and misshapen battleaxe lying beside him was enough to strike his opponent dead.

With all his might, he swung his battleaxe straight at the man, hearing the creaking of his burnt arm and the cracking of his flesh.

???: [I agree that we can’t keep you alive. Also, this is something that I’ve been thinking about for a while, but…]

Izmail: [――Hk!?]

???: [There’s no way that a guy with only one eye could be strong.]

In front of the eye of the charging Izmail, the man threw a small package from his waist. The package opened while mid-air, and spilled out its contents of black powder.

It was a kind of spice, and there was no way for one to avoid it from being used against them as a smoke screen. The right arm gripping his battleaxe could not shake it off, and it was needless to speak of his left arm that was missing, and as a result, his vision was blinded by the black powder.

Letting out a grunt of “guh”, his battleaxe attack was interrupted and he flew backwards.

Although those of the Cyclops Tribe possessed excellent eyesight, his weakness was exploited nicely. However, they should not be underestimated. Targeting the eyes of the Cyclops was a common practice, so there were countermeasures prepared.

The large eyes of the Cyclops Tribe could secrete a large amount of tears in an instant, laced with――.

Izmail: [――Oh.]

Izmail had stimulated his tear glands to secrete tears, but he did not open his eye again.

The next moment, a shell from a Magic Stone Cannon hit Izmail, who had closed his eye, and completely blasted away that “Giant eye” altogether.

△▼△▼△▼△

Todd let out a sigh when, before his eyes, the Cyclops Tribe was blown to pieces by cannonballs.

He finished it without having much trouble since he had precisely set a trap for them, but if he had originally tried to have a fair fight, he was not sure if he had a chance to win; that was the kind of expert he was.

Todd: [Insurance is something you gotta have.]

While looking at the corpses of the Cyclops Tribe that had been blown away and the traces of cannonballs that had caved in the surroundings, Todd raised his clenched fist to the sky, communicating to the gunners on the wall that there was no need for a pursuit.

Make the enemy’s vanguard ascend the ramparts, and keep them there using allies whose deaths do not matter. Then, use massive firepower to burn everyone on the opponent’s side to a crisp, it was really a simple strategy.

However, the result was immediate.

Todd: [In most cases, the people with confidence are the first spears to breach enemy lines.]

When it came to battles like this that involved a great number of people, those who volunteered for the role of the vanguard were eager in their desire for glory, or they thoroughly understood the importance of a preemptive attack in war.

For example, no matter who the opponent was, if their thrust went through, it would become troublesome later. In a double sense, it was necessary to stop the vanguard. [1]

Todd: [Well, we’ve crushed the opponent’s initial charge, but how will they proceed?]

Even if they had defeated the utmost vigorous Cyclops Tribe, there was no shortage of those who would dare to try killing His Excellency the Emperor. It was an exhibition of the belligerent tribes that had assembled from all over the Empire.

In addition to the Cyclops Tribe, he was preparing for a mountain’s worth of people with differences in the number of limbs and eyes, in the size of body parts, in the color of their skin and blood, and in languages, such that it was troublesome to even think about how to deal with them.

However――,

Todd: [No matter how many strange tribes the opponent gathers, I don’t think it’s going to have a considerable impact. At any rate…]

As Todd muttered that, Arakiya flew overhead, her whole body clad in a swirling wind.

The charge of the Cyclops Tribe, there should have been attacks at the same time, but to the lot that had missed that opportunity, he felt like attacking. Additionally, at the bastions of the star-shaped ramparts that surrounded the city, at the four places separate to the one Todd’s group was in charge of, the guardians in charge of those places had commenced their attacks.

――Purple thorns rampaged, mowing down the large army of half-man, half-horse Centaur People who were trying to advance.

――The exceedingly huge Flying Winged Blade tore through the sky, and the Weaponkin, who used one part of their body as a weapon, were chewed to pieces.

――The fists of stone golems which sprang up from the ground, struck down the pitiful Winged People who grew wings incapable of flight.

――A group of deviants who had mastered the art of slaughter, massacred the Glow People, who each had a scintillating stone embedded in their foreheads.

Todd: [If the circumstances involve monsters, then our side will have a good match.]

――Becoming one with nature, and reducing the Cyclops Tribe to ashes with bright red flames as if it was the same as just breathing.

Five monsters, equally capable, stood at the bastions of the wall that protected the Imperial Capital of Lupugana. With five monsters at five bastions, did the rebels, who had only spirit and ambition, have a way to surpass this?

Todd: [In any case, if it was me, even if I was asked I would absolutely refuse. Nevertheless…]

There was a plan to keep them from approaching the walls, a plan for how to kill those that did, a plan for those they failed to kill, and a plan to escape.

It would be best if they did not end up all the way at that last plan, but the circumstances in a battle were hard to predict.

In the first place, the fact that the rebels arrived at the Imperial Capital like this, and that this battle had even begun, exceeded what Todd had imagined before the war moved into full-swing.

Todd: [Because of that, even though I’ve returned to the Imperial Capital, I haven’t been able to meet with Katya… Just how long must you get in the way of my meeting with Katya before you are satisfied.]

It was not a discontent which he could say about anyone or towards anyone, and if he had to say it would be towards the world, so while he did that, Todd looked up to the sky thick with the scent of death, and kicked off the ground of the burnt field.

Many more, many more, many, many more people would die.

Just how many more people would have to die for a decisive person to lower their weapons?

Todd: [Enough with this, you war-mongering freaks.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Unfortunately, you guys are out of your depth! I shall not let you go any further!!]

In an imposing stance atop the rampart, he spread both arms wide as he caused peristalsis throughout his entire body.

Immediately after, the inside of General Second-Class Kafma Irulux’s body pulsated, and purple thorns were released from those arms with tremendous vigor, flying towards the group of Centaur People fiercely galloping across the farmland――with their upper-halves as human, and their lower-halves possessing horse-like characteristics, the bottoms of their feet were mowed down, their torsos were pierced, and they were sunk into the solid ground.

Evading the thorn attack, the brave men came even closer to the rampart and brandished their spears, throwing them.

The leg strength and vigor of a horse was transmitted to their upper bodies, and the hurled javelins’ power was no less than that of a Magic Stone Cannon. Unlike Magic Stone Cannons which took a huge amount of money to get in sufficient numbers, as long as the Centaur People had spears and some run-up distance, their javelins would exhibit more than enough destructive power.

It was the defensive wall safeguarding the Imperial Capital. Inscribed with the Divine Protection of Earth, it would not collapse under ordinary attacks, but if it was struck by hundreds of spears of that power, some damage could get through.

However――,

Kafma: [It was your ill fortune that you happened to choose the bastion I am protecting.]

Declaring so, Kafma spread the arms which had let the thorns loose wide open. In accordance with that movement, the thorns would mow sideways across the battlefield, and deal the warriors of the Centaur People that had tumbled a finishing blow.

However, the javelins and the brave men who threw them evaded the thorns’ pursuit.

Therefore, Kafma invoked not thorns, but a different “insect” that had entered him.

Kafma: [――hk!]

There was a sound of bones creaking with pain, and Kafma’s chest wearing light armor burst open from inside. White ribs opened outwards from inside his body, and they pointed their sharp tips downward while trembling.

The brave men of the Centaur People galloped forth, and at that group was aimed the gap of the ribs exposed from Kafma’s open chest, as they readied themselves for whatever that may happen.

However, even if they readied themselves, there was no use.

――Immediately after, Kafma’s entire body rebounded violently, and the recoil sent his tall figure sliding back. His heels that had been firmly dug in, pared through the rampart, and Kafma looked forward as he endured the tearing pain.

Below him, the line of fire that Kafma’s ribs had aimed at was completely hollowed out, and it swallowed up all the Centaur People who should have been on their way, annihilating them.

Like the thorns, it was a new “insect” suitable for taking on a large number of enemies at once―― He had been nervous that he would once again be in a pupa state during an essential scenario.

Kafma: […But, I made it in time. As long as I am here, you shall not pass by the protection of the Imperial Capital.]

Firmly, he stroked down his torso that had moved the Centaur People aside, and his ribs closed back inside his open chest.

The new “insect” was powerful, but the backlash was just as great. It was a double-edged sword that completely took away the strength of his mind and body, and it should not be fired rapidly.

However, even if he had to reach out to such a menace, there was value in attempting it.

Kafma: [You damn rebels are thoughtlessly trampling on the peace that His Excellency brought about through his ability.]

As a “General”, he had seen the reign of Emperor Vincent Vollachia up close.

As a man of the rare and constantly shunned Insect Cage Tribe, he had lived in the world created by Emperor Vincent Vollachia.

As the person known as Kafma Irulux, he had seen with his own eyes the magnitude of Emperor Vincent Vollachia’s great accomplishments.

For what reason, should a blade be turned to Vincent Vollachia?

How could anyone else rival the supremacy of a man who attempted to change the state of things in the Empire, and who was in fact continuing to change it?

Therefore――,

Kafma: [I cannot afford to let the likes of you lot proceed to the front of His Excellency the Emperor.]

???: [――Gee, y’sure got quite th’great resolve, don’t ya? I don’t hate it.]

Evading both the thorns and the white bombardment, a figure kicked off the farmland and leapt up to the rampart. While looking down at his short opponent, Kafma narrowed his slitted eyes.

He was a newcomer, and had enough skill to reach the spot the brave men of the Centaur People had not. ――Simply put, he was a formidable enemy.

From the start, he had not been good at cutting corners. He was also not very good at going easy or playing around.

However, Kafma had determined that this was an opponent with whom he would not have an ounce of leeway.

Kafma: [General Second-Class of the Vollachian Empire, Kafma Irulux.]

Thus introducing himself with that, six transparent wings protruded from Kafma’s back, tearing through the cloak he had worn from the inside. Seeing that preparation for war――No, rather than preparation for war, he accepted that as an introduction.

It was proper for a warrior to give their name when taking on another warrior. Of course, on the battlefield, there were more than a few who did not follow that way of doing things――,

Garfiel: [――Garfiel.]

Kafma: [――――]

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self’s the “Gorgeous Tiger” Garfiel Tinzel. ――In truth, my amazin’ self was told not give my name, but there are times where I ain’t got a choice.]

With that, the man with a ferocious smile on his face―― Garfiel, brought both of the beautiful gauntlets on his arms together in front of his chest, making a pleasant sound like an instrument would.

Entrusted with guarding the ramparts of the Imperial Capital, Kafma had been prepared to stick it out till the end, no matter how many days it took.

――The crucial bout that had arrived on the first day of the war, the strongest man of the Empire’s Second-Class Generals had not misjudged it.

Translation Note

[1] – The word for vanguard (先鋒) contains a kanji meaning spear, so the double meaning refers to both the vanguard’s charge, and the metaphorical thrust of a spear.

--- Chapter 87: Decisive Battle at the Bastion ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

The siege of the Imperial Capital Lupugana by the rebel army, for the purpose of defeating the Emperor Vincent Vollachia, rebels had gathered from all over the country in cooperation, and it had begun as a united front―― was not what had happened at all.

There was certainly a great number of rebels who were currently gathering around the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

Gathered from all over the Empire, they laid siege to Lupugana, the heart of the Vollachian Empire, and prepared a force that overwhelmed the number of Imperial Soldiers the Imperial Capital held.

In most cases, battles were decided by numbers.

The larger the scale of the battle, the more decisive this rule became, and it could be said that the rebel forces, which had been able to gather more than double the number of troops in simple forces ratio, gained an overwhelming advantage in their attack on the Imperial Capital.

However――,

???: [――That is, if the assembled troops can function as a cohesive unit.]

In the innermost place of the Imperial Capital Lupugana, seated atop the throne in the audience chamber of the Crystal Palace, Vincent’s black eyes narrowed as he received reports of the all-out offensive with the rebels that had begun.

The Capital was surrounded by rebel forces and attacked with an overwhelming difference in troop strength. Despite being in a predicament unprecedented in the history of the Empire, there was no sign of fear or impatience in his cold, demonic appearance.

This was largely due to the analytical factor that he had just mentioned himself.

Vincent: [The objective of the assembled rebels may be united around my head, but there is no room for compromise in the methods used to be able to do it. From the beginning, they were the ones who strived to stand at the front after things began to occur.]

???: [The harder they try not to be outdone, the more difficult it is for them to come to terms with the idea of coordinating with the others. This sure gets me to remember, back to the times of the Imperial Selection Ceremony.]

Vincent: [――――]

???: [In order to determine the next Emperor, a blood ritual in which the siblings of the Vollachian Imperial Family vie for the Imperial Throne… Even on that occasion as well, those who refused the alternative were removed from the board. Most of all…]

With that, Berstetz, who was standing next to the throne, cut off his words and accumulated them for a moment. Within those eyes as narrow as a single thread, the old man’s emotions could not be read, but one could get a rough idea of what he was feeling.

After all, Berstetz was yet another one of the people who had experienced the bloodshed of the Imperial Selection Ceremony.

Berstetz: [At that time, there was wariness regarding the personality of His Excellency Barthroy, who had created the largest faction, and as expected, he was quickly removed, though.]

Aside from those inner thoughts of Vincent, Berstetz touched the moustache under his nose as he vocalized the end of his accumulated words.

The way he spoke about it was as if it were some other person’s business, that was terribly ingenuine.

Vincent: [You dare to speak of such? Was it not none other than you and Lamia who removed that elder brother?]

Berstetz: [While it is shameful, I followed the judgment of Her Excellency Lamia. In addition, I was unable to see the true intentions of His Excellency Barthroy, so even now I continue to live in disgrace.]

Vincent: [Elder brother Barthroy’s intentions, hm.]

Berstetz: [Indeed. It was a conspiracy hatched by none other than His Excellency Vincent and His Excellency Barthroy.]

Deeply drawing back his chin as he gave that response, Berstetz’s expression did not change.

Considering the events that took place, one might expect him to harbor a grudge, but he was a man free from such miscellaneous human emotions. And, moreover, he was reasonable enough to know that it was useless to say anything to Vincent.

That deed was Vincent Vollachia’s―― no, it was the result of the actions of Vincent Abellux, from before he became the Emperor,

???: [Since the real His Excellency is outside the walls at this time, the feelings of His Excellency the Prime Minister, who gets lost at the brunt of offense, are something that I can understaaand~.]

Berstetz: [――――]

???: [Hmm~? The two of you are giving me stern looks… Did I say something unnecessary?]

The gentle man who shrugged his shoulders in an aloof manner as he faced Vincent and Berstetz, the highest ranking members of the Empire, was an unorthodox being who was permitted to visit the Crystal Palace regardless of his rank―― the Stargazer, Ubilk.

It was not that the heckling Ubilk suddenly broke into the conversation. He was there from the beginning when Vincent and Berstetz spoke with each other, he just had not interjected.

Nonetheless――,

Vincent: [Even if no one else is around, it is not something you should feel relaxed discussing.]

Ubilk: [Ah~, it was unnecessary to top it off with the title of “real”, wasn’t it. No wonder His Excellency the Emperor and His Excellency the Prime Minister would get so angry. Though, if I don’t let it out once in a while, it may inadvertently come out through an outburst. ――Don’t you feel sorry for the soldiers who, even now, continue to risk their lives to protect the Imperial Capital.]

Vincent: [――――]

Ubilk: [If it were to be inadvertently revealed that His Excellency the Emperor Vincent, who everyone is all trying so hard to protect, is actually a fake…]

Putting his hand over his mouth, Ubilk brazenly spoke aloud what he had just been rebuked for.

His abilities had made him a valuable asset, but his behavior certainly had the frivolity of a clown. However, the duties of being a clown could not be seen as merely a permit for making practical jokes.

Even if his abilities as a Stargazer were excellent,

Vincent: [Your repeated rudeness cannot be written off. If everything until now comes to fruition, I will cut off your head myself.]

Ubilk: [Of course, I’m aware of this. But, Your Excellency… No, you are a prudent one. Until the very, very last moment, I had been assuming that my life couldn’t be taken.]

Even when he was pierced by a glare from the throne, Ubilk met his gaze with a smile. He continued, “More than that,” and looked over to Berstetz,

Ubilk: [I’m more afraid of His Excellency the Prime Minister. It seems that within him, he is hiding hell itself.]

Berstetz: [It’s not like the Stargazer to be afraid of someone like me. Why not ask the stars whether someone like me is deserving of your fear?]

Ubilk: [My apologies, Your Excellency the Prime Minister. The stars look down on this world from high in the sky, and unless they assert their dazzling selves, they cannot be seen.]

Those who are insignificant are not reflected in the future that Stargazers see.

Whether that was a facade or his true thoughts, was impossible to read from Ubilk’s speech and conduct. But peacetime nonsense aside, Ubilk’s words could not be ignored when he was performing the role of a Stargazer.

Nine years had passed since Ubilk began serving the Vollachian Empire as a Stargazer―― Perhaps it could be said that his achievements have been building for the sake of this very moment.

Ubilk: [――Woah.]

Suddenly, a thunderous roar from the distant sky reached the audience chamber, which had fallen into silence.

A slight tremor was felt under their feet, and the atmosphere of a fierce battle could be felt even in the depths of the Crystal Palace. That said, the phenomena which caused this thunderous roar was probably someone on the side of the Imperial Capital for the most part.

Ubilk: [Even though in terms of numbers, the rebels surrounding the Imperial Capital should outnumber ours…]

Vincent: [In the end, it is just a disorderly mishmash of people… No, they are not even cohesive, but a bunch of outlaws who may even drag each other down in some cases. That is no way to compete with the pack of Sword Wolves who are governed by the law of Iron and Blood.]

Ubilk: [I see. However, no matter how out for blood the Imperial citizens are, they will not invade the Imperial Capital without a chance to win. Isn’t that why each tribe will throw in their own hero?]

Vincent: [Have you forgotten what you said in front of me just now?]

Vincent spoke to Ubilk, who tilted his head, shifting his attention to the battle outside due to the shaking. Ubilk closed one eye at those words, and Vincent rested his chin on one hand,

Vincent: [If there is dazzling light of the stars above the ground, you said that you would notice it. In that case, it would not be strange if a glittering star that could move this war situation had let you gaze upon it beforehand.]

Ubilk: [Ah~.]

Vincent: [Has there been such an occurrence? Stargazer.]

Narrowing his black eyes, Vincent quietly posed a question. Ubilk laughed at the question as he scratched his cheek with his finger, and,

Ubilk: [Unfortunately, I haven’t heard anything of the sort.]

Berstetz: [In that case, it aligns with your own role as well, I guess that’s how it is.]

With that statement, Berstetz put Ubilk’s forced smile to an end.

Ubilk was at a loss with an awkward look on his face, but there was no sense of being cornered. To begin with, regardless of whether Ubilk was a Stargazer or not, it was something he thoroughly understood.

Certainly, all the insurgents would come to take the head of Vincent, the one sat upon the throne. For that purpose, each tribe would dispatch their strongest warriors to try and proclaim their supremacy.

But, that notion was misguided to begin with since it was based on a widespread misconception. It was bound to happen. ――Just what did they think the Nine Divine Generals were?

Vincent: [They were already setting themselves up for failure by measuring the heroes of each tribe based on such small standards. To begin with, what other criteria do they believe were utilized to select the Generals of the First-Class, the Nine Divine Generals?]

Vincent Vollachia had gathered the strongest entities within the Vollachian Empire.

The unofficial heroes within the lands of the Empire were no match for them. If a sleeping giant of the sort did exist, it would never have gone unnoticed by Vincent.

No matter what it took, he had kept them close at hand and bestowed them status befitting their abilities to take precautions for the future.

Once they failed to meet Vincent’s expectations, a hero was subpar compared to a monster.

――The Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire had assembled “monsters” that no hero could ever hope to stand a chance against.

Lupugana, the impregnable Imperial Capital, was protected by star-shaped ramparts which had never permitted outsiders to trespass, ever since the founding of the Empire. And, at the five bastions of the points of the star wall, these “monsters” awaited any invader.

All those superior transcendent entities would, without mercy, crush the arrogant heroes that had gathered. Upon witnessing this scene of devastation, even the most hot-headed among them would come to realize.

That they had averted their eyes from reality, casting them towards a dream called madness.

Berstetz: [However, it would be difficult to expect all the rebels to be well-behaved.]

Vincent: [It seems so. In that case, what shall we do?]

Berstetz: [I know it is not my place to come out from the curtain when the prominent Generals have already chosen their battlefields, but… Merely sitting idly by is unbearable.]

Ubilk: [My myyy, that’s awfully… our ally, His Excellency the Prime Minister is awfully out for blood.]

Bending at the waist, Berstetz gave a bow towards Vincent as Ubilk pierced him with those words. But the old Prime Minister took that being pointed out in stride, and,

Berstetz: [In the end, I am also a man of Vollachia.]

And, leaving those words without even showing his smile, Berstetz walked out of the audience chamber. Without stopping that back, Vincent silently saw the old veteran off as he made his departure.

With the door closing and Berstetz taking his leave, Ubilk shrugged with a “Is that fine?”,

Ubilk: [As he said himself, there’s nothing His Excellency the Prime Minister can do to influence the current war situation. I also think that, but…]

Vincent: [Contrary to my expectations, he endured it with perseverance. He has always been someone who has restrained himself for the sake of his ideals. If I were to put it in a way that you would, I would like to avoid an outburst.]

Ubilk: [I see… By the way, is His Excellency the Prime Minister in the know?]

Hooking his thumb on the hem of his robe, over his chest, and wriggling his other fingers, Ubilk posed that question. Vincent, understanding the significance of that unfriendly question, closed one eye.

Receiving that silence, Ubilk nodded and said, “As I thought”,

Ubilk: [I had a hunch about that, so I just refrained from being overly careless with my words… But whether I should be happy or sad about my hunch coming true, I have pretty complex feelings about it, y’know.]

Vincent: [Sad? Can you even comprehend such human emotions?]

Ubilk: [What a terrible thing to say. You make it sound like I’m not even human, so I feel very hurt. Compared to the First and the Second, I’m much more reasonable, don’t you think?]

Vincent: [If you raise Cecilus as an example, he stands little chance in most topics. Arakiya is also a girl that lives by the logic of a beast rather than that of a human, but she can be managed once she has settled on an owner. However…]

Cutting off his words there and then, Vincent’s black eyes pierced Ubilk. His presence was unwavering to whatever cruel gaze was cast at him as paying no heed to his own life was his way of living.

Vincent: [You are but a husk in the shape of a man, made of human flesh.]

Ubilk: […Oh, that really hurts my feelings.]

At Vincent’s words, Ubilk lowered his eyebrows with a forced smile on his face.

Doing so would make him appear sad or bitter. A forgery of emotions, as though someone had taught him to do so; at the very least Vincent’s eyes perceived it as such. With an expression that did not betray that impression, Ubilk placed his hand on his chest and,

Ubilk: [By your logic, all those with the same role as me… all the Stargazers lending an ear to the “commandments”, are husks?]

Vincent: [I do not know any Stargazers aside from yourself. I have no inclination to answer you.]

Ubilk: [There you go again, you don’t need to lie like that. I don’t think you would put that much trust in me. Of course, I expected you would track down and torture every Stargazer in the country instead.]

Vincent: [――――]

Ubilk: [I fully believe that you wouldn’t thoughtlessly base your decision of what the Stargazers are solely on me.]

Confronted with Ubilk’s trick question, Vincent’s expression did not budge an inch.

He did not state whether the former’s points were factual or mistaken. The only thing he was convinced of, was that every single Stargazer who had been bestowed a commandment, without exception, had a mental disorder.

He also did not intend on going out of his way to state how he had reached that conclusion.

Vincent: [Otherwise, how could you possibly commit an act as barbaric as to destroy your own Evil Eye, just to prove your identity?]

Ubilk: [Ah~, that was quite painful. The feelings of loss weren’t normal either. But thanks to that, you became willing to listen to me, didn’t you?]

While he spoke, Ubilk pulled his hand on his chest further back, exposing his bare skin. Directly in the center of his slender chest, a large burn mark had been painfully seared.

In the past, Ubilk used a branding iron to burn the Evil Eye at that spot to crisp, leaving nothing but that scar.

He destroyed his very meaning for existence as a member of the Evil Eye Tribe. ――A deed just to prove that he did not pose any danger, and if he had not been stopped, he might have even crushed his own limbs.

Henceforth――,

Vincent: [I do not demand an honest answer from you. Just, answer carefully.]

Ubilk: [Your wish is my command.]

Vincent: [There is not even a whisper of a new commandment in your ears. Without any doubt.]

Ubilk: [――Yes. I, for one, wouldn’t lie. No new commandment has been handed down. In the first place, without completing the previously passed down commandment, one wouldn’t try for a new commandment to be passed down, however…]

Shaking his head loosely side-to-side, Ubilk smiled. With a truly inhuman smile lacking any resemblance of joy or abasement, he continued.

Ubilk: [The board you have created won’t be thrown into disarray by any interference from the heavens. ――Virtually everyone across the Empire resides in the palm of your hand.]

Vincent: [――――]

Ubilk: [Is anything the matter?]

As those assertive words did not yield the desired effect, Ubilk appeared puzzled. To his question, Vincent shook his head with a “No”.

He did not believe Ubilk’s statement just now had been a lie. He was a man who valued the whispers of the mysterious stars more than his vassalage to the Emperor, but his lack of selfishness was genuine.

Therefore, Ubilk himself probably had no ulterior motives with his declaration. It was just that――

Vincent: [――The people of the Empire are in the palm of my hand, you say?]

Those decorative words that had been deliberately left unspoken, had left an unease in the mind of the man playing the role of Emperor.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And then, that unease on the throne proved to be correct.

???: [Oh, Oooooooooh――!!]

At one of those bastions of the star-shaped wall, a war cry rose up and a tiger rushed furiously.

With both arms mantled with shining silver gauntlets, he stepped right in front of an enemy with lightning speed in order to be able to reach someone who had pulverized a group of Centaur People in a dreadful manner.

One step, two steps, and Garfiel Tinzel charged forward in a blink of an eye.

However――,

???: [Indeed, many-on-one is my specialty, but――]

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

???: [Even a one-on-one fight, won’t cast any clouds over my brilliant technique!]

In opposition, Kafma Irulux readied both arms to intercept that brave voice.

His tattoo-covered dark-brown skin bulged from the inside, and immediately after, an enormous amount of thorns shot out, completely filling Garfiel’s field of view as he charged head-on.

The speed of the thorned vines growing countless spines gave the impression of a carnivorous beast leaping at its prey. In other words, it was the fastest attack to reap the life of an opponent.

Garfiel: [Brash――!!]

Atop the rampart, the considerably thick wall for the protection of the Imperial Capital was quite broad as a place to stand, but compared to an open battlefield the restricted mobility felt like being strangled.

With the thorned vines spreading sideways and surging forth like a great wave, closing off any means of escape, rather than poorly evading, Garfiel chose to hold up his gauntlets and plunged into the thorny vines.

Trusting in the strength of his gauntlets and legs, he went in a straight line into the storm of vines――,

Kafma: [That resolve is admirable, but your decision was a mistake.]

At the same time Kafma muttered that, Garfiel made contact with the leading edge of the surging thorned vines, but the next moment, Garfiel clenched his teeth at an impact greater than what his gauntlets could presumably receive.

Garfiel: [――Guh.]

Even if unleashed in such an unusual way, vines were still vines, and from the size of the ivy and thorns, he had readied himself for a certain degree of power. However, the actual power of the vines far exceeded his assumptions, and the speed of Garfiel’s advance faltered.

Without exaggeration, the pressure was like that of a whole forest crashing into him.

Upon being struck down by a literal forest of overgrown thorns brought forth by a single person, Garfiel adapted his approach.

Garfiel: [Then, what about this!!]

Kafma: [What!?]

Clenching his teeth so hard they creaked, Garfiel swung his foot down fiercely after being struck by the surging wave of thorned vines. The force spreading from the sole of his shoe rose up the portion of the wall he was standing on and tilted Kafma’s foothold on the opposite side of the vines, causing the stunned “General” to lose his position.

It was an effect of Garfiel’s Divine Protection of Earth Spirits. Essentially, the Divine Protection made it possible to receive power from earth and conversely interfere with it, but the scope was largely depending on the interpretation of the Divine Protection’s wielder.

In Garfiel’s case, as long as his feet were on solid footing, that was the earth.

Garfiel: [As long as I’m not flyin’!]

It would be a different story with the dragon ships that are carried by the famous flying dragons in the Vollachian Empire, but otherwise, Garfiel could firmly believe it was the earth.

Kafma shifted his footing not once, but two, three more times as the rising foothold pursued him, and the man of the Insect Cage Tribe dealt with it while flying backwards. Meanwhile, dealing with the thorns disrupting the precision of his attacks, Garfiel pushed forward while his cheeks and shoulders were torn up by the thorns he failed to block.

Bright red blood splattered and sharp pain cut through his entire body, but the distance between them shrank and shrank.

And just when the distance remaining between them was nearing a few meters,

Kafma: [Then I’ll just cut deep!]

Abandoning his mid-range thorn attack, Kafma, who was about to fall back, reinitiated his attack.

For a moment, he was still wary of the unleashed shockwave that mowed down the Centaur People, Kafma did not open up his chest, but he severed his control over the thorned vines from his arms and started buzzing the wings on his back.

Momentarily, those wings fluttered so fast they were difficult to see, and at the same time, the sight of Kafma having kicked off the rampart appeared right beside Garfiel. Rather than just being quick, he varied his speed.

Via this method, he went around and entered from behind Garfiel’s awareness.

However――,

Garfiel: [I won’t let ya!]

Forcibly shutting off his circumvented directional awareness, Garfiel roared.

Along with his roar, the released back-handed blow was striking into Kafma’s face that had appeared beside him. Against that, Kafma threw up his arms in defense――both being covered with black carapaces.

Like Garfiel’s gauntlets, it was protection for himself. However, with thorns, wings, ribs, and now carapaces, he already had four abilities. Just how many “insects” did he have in his body?

Kafma: [Sh――!]

One blow was struck, but the pair’s battle did not stop there.

Ultra-close range was favorable for Garfiel. He took a full swing with his left fist using the momentum of turning all the way back around from the position where his back-handed blow had been stopped, and then drove a headbutt into his opponent who had tried to parry the blow.

Impacts and cries of pain bursted between the two, and from there fierce punches aimed at vital organs were exchanged.

Garfiel & Kafma: [――Hk.]

Gauntlets and carapaces, both sides exchanged blows with their reinforced fists. However, his prior pride was not misguided. Being within reach was favorable for Garfiel, and getting beaten from that position was out of the question.

Garfiel: [Gah, aaaaaaaaah!!]

He turned and caught the incoming fist, in return, he drove a fist into his opponent’s chest and torso. From below, Garfiel’s opposite fist shot up into his loosely dangling jaw and then he drove a knee into his torso that had bent backwards. With a cry of pain, Kafma flapped his wings and greatly leaped backwards.

Garfiel: [Yer not gettin’ away!!]

Kafma: [――Guh.]

Seizing Kafma’s leaping legs, he forcefully slammed him back down against the rampart. He then pressed Kafma’s body to the ground and started dashing ferociously to tear the wings from his back.

On the wall, Garfiel ran while raising a plume of smoke, and Kafma’s back spurted out blood as one wing, two wings, were torn to shreds. At that rate, he was about to――,

――A moment later, Kafma’s chest opened as the wings on his back flapped powerfully, lifting him off the ground. Beyond his protruding ribs, his eyes caught a glimpse of the golden “insect” within his chest.

Garfiel: [――――]

Following the urging of every survival instinct, he abandoned Kafma’s body and leaped directly to the side. It was the correct decision. Right where Garfiel had previously been, the golden insect had gouged out the entire top of the city wall in its line of fire. As short hairs on his body were shaved away, Garfiel felt a chill run his spine.

Kafma: [――I admit my lack of insight.]

Garfiel: [Oh?]

Immediately after experiencing the sensation of bloodlust, Garfiel was drawn back by his voice.

His gaze caught Kafma kneeling on the wall, touching the torn wings on his back, looking at Garfiel with admiration and reverence in his eyes.

He wiped the blood running down the edge of his mouth with his hand and rose to his feet.

Kafma: [I was unaware of the existence of a brave warrior like you. I am ashamed of my ignorance.]

Garfiel: [Heh, I don’t blame ya if ya didn’t know. I’d be more worried if ya did.]

Kafma: [――? What do you mean?]

Raising a chivalrous eyebrow, Kafma questioned the truth of Garfiel’s words.

From his point of view, it would have never occurred to him that a person from another country, especially from the Kingdom, would be involved in such an important event within the Empire.

Otto: [If they find out who we are and where we are from, it could lead to a very difficult diplomatic incident. For that reason, please avoid being provoked by the other side, and carelessly saying unnecessary things.]

Otto, who remained behind at the main camp, had said this to Garfiel before he jumped into the battlefield.

Kafma had already identified himself to him, and he has already identified himself back, but if he gives any more information, there was a possibility that Kafma, who seemed to be smart, would be able to guess all of this.

There was no way they could turn this insurrection in the Empire into a gigantic war that involved the Kingdom.

Garfiel: [Sorry, but I was only lettin’ ya’ know about my name. But I can let one thing slip. About “Two-Faced Kurulukiak”, that is.]

Kafma: [――. I have no doubt that you are a person of great skill, whether you keep your mouth shut or not. That’s why I’m also regretful.]

Garfiel: […Regretful?]

Kafma shook his head and lowered his voice, causing Garfiel to frown; there was no falsehood in Kafma’s delivery, and it was laced with regret, with no intention to provoke.

But the regret was not attributable to Kafma himself――,

Kafma: [If it weren’t for the circumstances, I would’ve liked to have had a straightforward conversation with you.]

Garfiel: [What the――]

It was the moment he was thinking about whether he should question the meaning of his words.

Taking a step forward, Garfiel’s knee gave out, and he knelt down in place. With an “Ah?”, a gasping breath leaked out, his eyes growing bloodshot as he held his own chest.

His heart was beating and pounding so very loud and perilous. ――Garfiel realized what he heard: the alarm bells of his horrified instincts pleading for his life.

――There was something crawling around inside of him.

Garfiel: [Gaag…]

Kafma: [If you were going to fight in close quarters with me, you should have avoided getting hit.]

Kafma stuck out his hand to Garfiel, whose teeth were trembling, bitter tears streaming down his face. At the tip of Kafma’s five bent fingers, could be seen a tube holding a white, wriggling “insect”.

An “insect” had implanted an egg through these tubes in one of the wounds inflicted by the thorns. It hatched inside Garfiel’s body and crawled around inside him.

Garfiel: [Guooo…]

The moment he realized this, Garfiel embraced himself and activated his healing magic.

Intense healing waves enveloped Garfiel’s body in a pale light, forcibly healing the wounds he had sustained. Witnessing this, Kafma slightly raised his eyebrows, revealing his surprise.

Kafma: [Healing magic, which means you are also a healer. Its versatility is something to keep an eye on. However.]

Garfiel: [――Hk, Aa, oh.]

Kafma: [The purpose of the insects that circulate inside you is not to wound you, but to make your body a seedbed for their own. ――You can heal the wound, but you cannot heal the transfiguration.]

Kafma’s cruel declaration, it was proven correct by the unhealable malaise.

Garfiel gasped in agony and cursed the result of clawing at his own chest, thinking that he had, in fact, blocked the escape route of the “insects” in his body.

His breathing became agonized and his vision turned bright red. Unable to bear the sight of Garfiel’s agony, Kafma stepped forward with a somber look on his face.

Kafma: [Your skill and prowess, I, Kafma Irulux, will surely bear them in my heart. ――Sleep valiantly.]

His right arm was once again encased in a black carapace, and his fist thrusted into Garfiel, who was unable to move. The impact smashed his skull, causing blood to spray and his body to tumble violently.

He rolled, and rolled, and rolled, and bounced right off the edge of the ramparts, consumed by a sense of floating, and fell.

Garfiel: [――Ah.]

Garfiel’s faint death cry escaped his throat, and his powerless body fell unprotected beneath the city ramparts.

△▼△▼△▼△

Otto: [Listen, Garfiel, please remember this well.]

Otto: [If they find out who we are and where we are from, it could lead to a very difficult diplomatic incident. For that reason, please avoid being provoked by the other side, and carelessly saying unnecessary things.]

Otto: [Though I do say that, since it is you, I am not expecting you to be so patient. I am not telling you to exchange words in a tit-for-tat as a merchant would. Therefore――]

Otto: [Therefore, make sure you properly remember this one thing.]

Otto: [If you get caught up in an exchange of words――]

△▼△▼△▼△

――In the battle against the Insect Cage Tribe, it would be impossible for many to avoid being killed upon first sight.

The “insects” that they put inside their bodies had evolved and grown beyond the bounds of human imagination, and their abilities could be said to be of an infinite variety.

In addition, if they harmonize with the “insects” bred within their own bodies, and hasten the development of their skills even further, then the Insect Cage Tribe did not yield two warriors who were the same.

Not to mention, Kafma Irulux had been born as a genius among the Insect Cage Tribe. Kafma declined to be promoted to the Nine Divine Generals because of his own beliefs and philosophy, and his abilities were recognized by Emperor Vincent as being on par with those of the Generals of the First-Class.

As a warrior of Vollachia, he was an exceptional individual who was allowed to stand atop the summit.

Naturally, since he was born into the Insect Cage Tribe, he had no hesitation or guilt in borrowing the power of “insects” and using their abilities as his own.

Including the power of “insects”, that was the strength of the warrior known as Kafma Irulux. And yet――,

Kafma: [I am not without my own thoughts.]

Unable to expect anything but victory, Kafma, who demanded the destruction of as many enemies as possible, did not have the time to fight against just a single warrior. Therefore, using an underhanded move in order to bring down his opponent as fast as possible, he defeated the enemy.

Kafma: [――――]

The ritual of inserting “insects” into the body was the culmination of careful preparation, even for the Insect Cage Tribe.

From the time they were newborn babies, their bodies were altered in preparation for the future insertion of “insects,” but the ritual was forbidden until they reached the age of twelve. That was to say, it took at least twelve years of preparation before an “insect” could be inserted into the body.

If the process was skipped and an insect was implanted, the subject’s body would not be able to withstand it.

Henceforth――,

Kafma: [It pains me to have to settle this with you in this way.]

Declaring his regretful feelings, Kafma closed his eyes and offered a silent prayer to his vanquished opponent. But, the time he immersed himself in sentiment was short-lived, and Kafma quickly turned around and once again looked beyond the rampart.

Although he had fended off the initial attack of the Centaur People, the second group would launch their attack on him. No matter how many times they rushed at him, it would be fine. Each time, he would fend them all off――It was the moment directly after he thought that.

Kafma: [――Hk, What!?]

In an imposing stance, Kafma tried to call forth the thorn “insects” that were circulating in his body, but there was a thunderous roar that erupted right nearby him――He widened his eyes at the tremendous impact which appeared to be an explosion.

For a moment, Kafma suspected that the rebels had brought out some kind of weapon to breach the rampart, but he quickly realized that he was mistaken.

However, that understanding did not lead to relief.

The reason was――,

Kafma: [――Garfiel Tinzel.]

In Kafma’s shuddering vision, Garfiel stood, having crawled back up the fallen ramparts.

Taking on the form of an enlarged ferocious beast, the mad warrior, his entire body wrapped in a blazing fire, stood.

△▼△▼△▼△

It was a blessing in disguise that the place where he fell was on top of an open field.

If he had fallen down onto the ramparts, he might not have been able to muster the strength to get back up. By virtue of falling onto the ground, the earth itself had taken Garfiel’s side.

Still, the damage done to his body was severe, with his head split, the sensation of his body being stirred up from the inside beckoned for death to encroach on Garfiel’s life with every passing second.

A split head could be restored with healing magic. However, an “insect” was preventing the activation of it. Since the “insect” was not actually attacking, healing magic could not get rid of it either. In the first place, there was no time to use the healing magic, and with the interference of the “insect”, his head was split and the blood was, blood was, blood was, blood was.

Garfiel: [Gah, ough.]

Clenching his back teeth and holding on to his tenuous grasp on life, he stopped using his head.

Naturally, it was a split head. It could not be relied upon. What was needed was the instinct to live, to follow it, to move the body forcefully, and then.

And then, the Magic Stone Cannon that had been prepared on the wall, ready to intercept the enemy coming from outside the walls, he had swallowed the magic stone loaded inside it and crushed it in his belly.

Instantly, the mana that had been stored within swelled up inside Garfiel, burning the “insect”. Once the “insect” was burned, all that Garfiel was left with were fierce scars.

――No, it was just the wounds, and the enemy.

Otto: [Listen, Garfiel, please remember this well.]

Otto: [If they find out who we are and where we are from, it could lead to a very difficult diplomatic incident. For that reason, please avoid being provoked by the other side, and carelessly saying unnecessary things.]

Otto: [Though I do say that, since it is you, I am not expecting you to be so patient. I am not telling you to exchange words in a tit-for-tat as a merchant would. Therefore――]

Otto: [Therefore, make sure you properly remember this one thing.]

Otto: [If you get caught up in an exchange of words――]

Garfiel: [If, I got…]

Speaking inarticulately, while his rationality became dim due to the reflexive beastification to heal his severe injuries, what Garfiel heard endlessly in his brain were the words of someone akin to his older brother, the man he could count on in any situation.

Ahead of where he looked as he slowly turned around while being burned by the swaying flame, there was a fearsome enemy confronting him.

That enemy was needed.

To carry out what his older brother told him to do, an enemy was needed.

After all, he had said that to him. ――Otto Suwen had said that to Garfiel.

Otto: [――Make sure to beat that opponent up until their legs can no longer stand!]

Garfiel: [I’ll fuckin’ crush yaaa――!!]

The roar of the beast rose again, and the transformed Garfiel, now a raging beast, trampled and smashed as he soared across the ramparts. Upon witnessing such a display of might, the enemy in front of him―― Kafma opened his eyes and smiled.

Grinning, Kafma raised both of his arms overhead, and rushed forward.

Kafma: [Come, Garfiel Tinzel!!]

Garfiel: [AARHAAAAaaaaaaaa――!!]

The furious attack of the golden tiger, baring his fangs as he leapt in, crashed right through waves of purple thorns cramming his vision from directly opposite to them, and a crack was formed at the bastion on one of the star’s points.

Undoubtedly, it was just as if that was substantiating the unease harbored by the Emperor on the throne――.

Kafma: [――――]

――It was the retaliation of the crack engraving the falls of the indomitable heavens upon the history of the Empire.

--- Chapter 88: New Wind ---

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The siege of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana had begun with a fierce battle that neither side would willingly concede.

By all rights, there was no need for Emilia and the others to take part in this all-out war between rebels, who bore discontent against the current Vollachia, and its national military, who were trying to protect these peaceful times.

Originally, the reason for Emilia’s party entering the Empire was in search of people.

Of course, they harbored a sense of compassion and duty for the people they had met on their travels after they successfully entered into Vollachia in secret.

Regardless of the borders of The Kingdom and the Empire, there were people whom they wanted to make happy, and even those they wished to lend their strength to. Everyone in the party agreed on that.

However, no matter how unmistakably soft-hearted Emilia’s party was, they still had their priorities.

To ignore their original objective would be getting their priorities backward, and the party had people (Otto, Petra) with the judgement to admonish the others (Emilia, Garfiel) whose conscience made them reflexively try to save others.

After being attacked by flying dragons, they only had taken part in the ultimately hellish battle of the Fortress City because they had reason to believe the friends they were searching for had been in that city.

Since things had gone contrary to their expectations, logic would normally dictate that there was no reason for Emilia and the others to join in on the rebel army’s attack on the Imperial Capital.

In fact, even as they heard about the Empire’s domestic affairs being burned to crisp day after day, Emilia’s party had steeled themselves to be minimally shaken in their sense of purpose.

No matter what――,

???: [――Since the one who abducted that girl was “The Flying Dragon General”, she is likely located in the Dragonkin Madelyn Eschart’s residence, the mansion of her owner.]

Positioned in front of a map spread in a room on the topmost floor of the Fortress City’s City Hall, Abel had answered Emilia’s question while touching the Oni mask that concealed his face.

Hearing Abel’s answer, Emilia muttered, “Madelyn’s owner…”.

――Time looped back, to a few days before the siege of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

With their hopes of uniting with Subaru dashed, who should have returned to Guaral after heading to the Demon City, and having just missed the awoken Rem, Emilia’s party had been unsure as to what course of action to take from then on.

They pondered whether they should prioritize the search for Subaru, whose whereabouts were completely unknown after the destruction of the Demon City of Chaosflame, or Rem, for whom they have only identified her abductor so far.

The opening words had been what Abel told Emilia, who wanted some basis for making the decision.

Abel: [It was not like one would ever hear from the fractious Dragonkin, but she was a General First-Class recommended by Prime Minister Berstetz Fondalfon. If anything were to happen, she should return to his side.]

Emilia: [――――]

Abel: [What? Do you have doubts?]

Emilia: [No, it’s not that… I just thought “owner” was a reaaally mean way of putting it.]

Emilia, who had exchanged only a few words with Madelyn, but rather fiercely quarreled with her, had thought that Madelyn would get extremely angry at the way Abel just formulated that.

Remaining silent at what Emilia had pointed out, Abel narrowed his eyes behind his mask. She hoped he would reflect on his statement and realize that it had not been nice.

In any case, Abel’s knowledgeable opinion was helpful for understanding the circumstances of the Imperial side of things, which Emilia and the others had not known.

With the rising rebellions all throughout the Empire in the air, the look of the sky and the dryness of the air growing worse made Emilia have this sense of foreboding, even though she wanted to think things through as much as possible.

Since they had failed to meet the people they were looking for at every possible opportunity, their time in the Empire had been nothing but poor.

Emilia: [But if Madelyn went back to that Berstetz guy, then Rem also…]

???: [If Rem-chan’s there, then so is big bro!]

Emilia retraced the flow of the conversation, and Medium, who had been holding onto the operations desk placed there, joined in.

Emilia’s lips relaxed as her eyes met Medium’s, who vehemently stretched her small body to its fullest. Together with Rem, her precious brother had also been taken by Madelyn.

Medium, surely very anxious and worried, did not show any sign of being weakened.

That undauntedness made Emilia think how she could learn a thing or two from her.

???: [Prime Minister-san… Berstetz Fondalfon-sama is this very talented and capable man, said to be the keystone of the Empire.]

Next to Emilia, who had been struck by Medium’s admirableness, was Petra cutting into their conversation.

Unable to let Emilia go alone, Petra leapt, sticking close to her. Putting a finger to her lips, Emilia murmured, “Is that so?” and tilted her head.

Emilia: [The “keystone of the Empire” sounds like a reaaally remarkable evaluation, but isn’t that the Emperor?]

Petra: [Of course, I think The Empire always being peaceful was because of the capabilities of His Excellency the Emperor. However, His Excellency the Emperor’s capabilities also include properly utilizing his talented subordinates.]

Emilia: [Ah, that’s right. Even if the Emperor is reaaally strong and reaaally smart, that doesn’t mean he can do everything all by himself.]

Despite her assiduous efforts, Emilia could not imagine seeing things the same way as Vollachia’s Emperor. However, since she eventually needed to, she had to keep trying her hardest.

However, no matter how hard she tried, Emilia would always be reliant on everyone’s help.

That should have been the same for the Emperor of Vollachia.

However, while Emilia and Medium were impressed, Abel seemed to harbor a completely different impression. His sharpened gaze radiated through his Oni mask directly at Petra.

Abel: [What exactly are you trying to accomplish with this blatantly obvious rationale? Do you honestly believe there is room to listen to the words of a young child? We hardly have the time to spare.]

Petra: [My apologies, that was roundabout. I just wanted to ask you this. ――If he is His Excellency the Emperor’s important right-hand man, then Prime Minister-san’s residence is in the Imperial Capital right?]

Abel: [――――]

Petra was not afraid of that sharp gaze, and Abel remained silent at her question.

Abel’s scary gaze should have felt like having a blade pointed at her, but Petra had not wavered in the slightest. That was how strong Petra’s resolve was.

That was enough to make her fellow campmate, Emilia, want to proudly puff out her chest.

Abel: [The answer to your question is affirmed. Inevitably, both of the individuals taken by Madelyn Eschart …Rem and Flop O’Connell, should also be under the care of Berstetz in the Imperial Capital.]

Abel responded in a low voice, as if he was yielding to Petra’s gaze. Emilia was about to praise Petra for her words.

But, Petra’s expression was not good; on the contrary, she sighed visibly and,

Petra: […It’s like we are being manipulated, and it’s not funny.]

Emilia: [Huh? What do you mean by that?]

Unsure of the meaning of Petra’s response, Emilia blinked her eyes. In response to Emilia’s words, Petra’s voice dropped in tone with a sour look on her face.

Petra: [We have nothing to do with the problems unfolding within the Empire. I know that there is going to be a very large battle, and I am worried about Medium-chan and Utakata-chan, but…]

Emilia: [――. Yeah, it’s okay. I know exactly what you mean. We came looking for both Subaru and Rem.]

Preempting Petra’s reluctance to speak, Emilia chose her words gently.

She understood Petra’s fears and concerns. After all, Emilia, if nothing else, would like to continue to work with Abel and the others on the sly, as she wanted to help everyone she knew.

However, if they only focused on immediate problems like that, they would never get to Subaru and Rem, which was their original goal――,

Emilia: [Huh?]

After thinking that far, Emilia got stuck in her own head.

As she answered Petra, Emilia remembered her group’s goal was to bring Subaru and Rem back safely. So even though it was painful, they must pass by the battle going on in Vollachia unnoticed.

At least, she thought so, but.

Petra: [But I think Rem might be in the Imperial Capital now. If that’s the case…]

Emilia: [――We have to go to the Imperial Capital, too.]

As Emilia’s icy doubts started to melt away, her eyes met Petra’s on the other side of the ice.

Petra had a very bitter look on her face because she was the first to realize that fact. To back up Emilia’s amazement, Petra glared at Abel.

And then――,

Petra: [It’s not fair. You were silent until we said it ourselves.]

Abel: [It was a principle that naturally led to one conclusion if you thought it through. It would be arrogant of you to call me despicable, considering your own ignorance of how slow on the uptake you are.]

Petra: [So please tell us. You mentioned that there are two places for Madelyn, the “Flying Dragon General,” to return to the Prime Minister’s residence in the Imperial Capital and another one. But you only talked about the Imperial Capital, so that Emily would not pay attention to the other one.]

Abel: [――――]

Petra: [Taking advantage of someone’s ignorance is called shamelessness where I come from.]

Insistently, Petra glared at Abel reproachfully. As Petra spoke, Emilia, who had been deceived by the missing information, lowered her eyebrows.

On Abel’s side, too, Medium, who was peering at the map next to him, looked up to admonish him for his methods “Abel-chin…”.

She reflected on it very much. At the same time, Emilia understood why Petra was angry.

Aside from the concealment of information, Abel was right that Emilia could have noticed it if she had thought it through without being told after the fact.

Of course, Emilia did not intend to rely on others for every single matter.

Emilia: [Abel, you also said you didn’t have time. That’s true for both of us, but you don’t have to be mean about it.]

Abel: [That’s just what your pride makes you say. Why should I go to the trouble of explaining to you in detail why things are the way they are?]

Emilia: [――? If you want our help, you will have to say please.]

Abel: [――. What an aggravating woman.]

Crossing his thin arms, Abel exhaled a long, heavy breath.

However, in response, Emilia asked, “Is that so?” and had a completely different opinion. It was not that they did not mesh well, but that Abel did not want to consort with her at all.

Emilia: [Isn’t that right? After all, if you have to fight an incredibly troublesome battle in Vollachia from now on, you must feel compelled to ask us for help. Since we are reaaally strong.]

Petra: [Emily, it is a little worrisome how you say that.]

Emilia: [We are reaaally reliable!]

Petra: [We are reliable. Especially Emily, and Garf-san.]

Emilia rephrased her statement, and Petra, next to her, also spoke as such and puffed out her chest.

As for Emilia’s group――Garfiel was unquestionably a strong fighter, and Emilia was proud to say she was quite formidable, too; Otto and Petra were very smart, and Frederica had always been a master in being considerate.

Beatrice could not afford to strain herself until she was reunited with Subaru and was currently resting, but the thought of protecting her let strength surge up within Emilia.

That was why――,

Emilia: [It would definitely be easier to fulfill Abel’s goals if we were here, right? And yet you are only talking like that because you don’t want us to think you are asking us to help you?]

Abel: [――――]

Emilia: [Roswaal is also not very good at saying please…]

Abel, like Roswaal, probably had a personality that did not want to expose weakness to his opponents.

Because of this, they tried to get other people to say something instead of themselves. Perhaps that was how things had always worked out for them, though.

Emilia: [I think you should stop before you get smacked reaaally hard like Roswaal by Medium-chan, Yorna, or Zikr-san.]

When he had been involved in a devious scheme involving the mansion and the “Sanctuary”, Roswaal received a slap on the face from everyone, including Emilia.

As someone who took part in it, Emilia described how painful it was, but Roswaal was simply rebuked and got away with a swollen face, so who knows what would happen to Abel?

And that was even without being considerate of Abel’s well-being.

Emilia: [Is what I’m saying totally off the mark? If so, I’m embarrassed, but please say so. Then I’ll apologize and think of something else.]

Abel: [Something else?]

Emilia: [I don’t think of you as someone who can’t think ahead or of anything at all. It’s important to keep thinking about what you might be thinking about.]

Previously, Emilia had been quick to give up on things she did not understand.

She was quick to blame it on something, give up, and naively assume that doing as Puck said was the right thing to do. Lately, she had been enlisting the help from others who were good at thinking, like Ram and Otto.

But she did not want to turn into a person who simply changes the people to rely on.

Petra mentioned that the emperor of Vollachia was very good at utilizing people. But even an emperor who was good at manipulating people still needs to think about what he was going to use them for.

And those in important positions, those who are in the center of everyone else’s lives, must be able to do that.

That was what Emilia had chosen to work towards.

???: [――Oh dear, your encouraging thoughts are so elating, Emily.]

A voice from behind complimented Emilia, who was faced sharply toward Abel. The voice was familiar even without turning around, and its owner was the ever-reliable Otto.

He was on a different mission to investigate something, but the City Hall was――No, he probably had some business with Abel.

Emilia: [Otto-kun, did you have business with Abel, too? Are you okay on your own?]

Otto: [Thank you for your concern. But you do not need to worry so much…]

Emilia: [Yeah? But, Otto-kun, there was a time when you were kidnapped while we all weren’t keeping an eye on you…]

Otto: [Do not put me on the spot like that! …Well, I was prepared for that, too.]

Otto’s voice rose at Emilia’s concern, and Garfiel appeared right behind him, apparently following Otto’s investigations.

Relieved, Emilia patted her chest,

Emilia: [Thanks, Garfiel.]

Garfiel: [Ha, I don’t need to be thanked for that. What were Emily and Lady Petra talkin’ about?]

Emilia: [Well, many things …But thanks to Lady Petra, I wasn’t persuaded. I wasn’t persuaded, was I?]

Petra: [Yes, everything’s fine, Emily. I was very surprised at how reliable you were.]

Emilia: [Hehe, isn’t that right?]

Emilia and Petra high-fived in front of Otto and the others. In the end, it was a worthwhile effort by her as well as Garfiel to protect Petra as best they could.

As Otto lowered the corners of his eyes at the sight of the two, he turned to face the person donning the oni mask on the other side of the operations desk, and spoke, prefacing with “Abel-san”,

Otto: [I can imagine what you were discussing with Emily and the others. About how Rem was taken by a Divine General, and that we are already in a position to become enemies of the Empire if we head to the Imperial Capital of Lupugana. Isn’t that about it?]

Emilia: [――! Amazing! Otto-kun, did you secretly listen in on us?]

Petra: [Were you eavesdropping?]

Otto: [Not only Emily, but even Lady Petra …there is no way I am eavesdropping!]

Emilia: [I see. Then you are amazing after all.]

Petra: […Was he really not eavesdropping, Garf-san?]

Otto: [Emily aside, Lady Petra is…]

Emilia was impressed, and Petra confirmed the truth with Garfiel, and while smiling at the two extreme reactions, Otto cleared his throat after guessing the conversation from before.

Then turning his now fading, playful eyes to Abel, he said,

Otto: [I have just been listening to the people who have come to town from the outside. It’s the same with the rebellious voices in many places, but they are gathering here one after the other.]

Abel: [It is no surprise given the circumstances and the fact that The Flying Dragon General has retreated. Yorna Mishigure has brought the residents of the Demon City with her and has made this her new base.]

Otto: [Yes, That is right. ――It is excellent handiwork.]

Abel responded to Otto’s nodding with a curt response.

The content of the exchange itself was something that Emilia already knew of. Over the past few days, people had been gathering in Guaral, and Emilia had been lending a hand in repairing the damaged housing.

However, Frederica and Petra cautioned her not to do too much heavy lifting, so her role was solely to participate in repairing supports by magically freezing them.

Anyway, there was nothing new in the matter. Still, what Emilia found modestly disconcerting was perhaps Otto’s attitude.

As usual, Otto was quiet, smart, and dependable――But what Emilia felt in his soft demeanor seemed to be a hidden, but not fully concealed, anger.

Otto: [How far did you go with the planning?]

Abel: [――――]

It was these words that confirmed Emilia’s suspicions.

Abel was silent in response to Otto’s question. But Emilia took it as a pause; this was not because he was thinking of an answer, but to hurry the other party along.

Because Abel’s gaze never wavered and his eyes never changed. The answer was already decided, but he was simply too pompous to let them hear it.

Otto: [I wonder how far you’re willing to go to get what you want.]

Again, Otto asked the same thing, but in a different way.

It did not seem like a matter of being rushed or being outlasted. While he did not like to talk about victory and defeat, it was already set in stone who would win and lose at this point.

Otto’s attitude was meant to ask why he lost, and that his defeat did not come as a surprise to Emilia and the others; it was essentially the same question.

Abel: [――I only learned of your existence when I returned to this city. If you want me to include you in the plan, you need to become apt in reciting the stars.]

Otto: [So, you think this is just a coincidence?]

Abel: [I am not going to dismiss it as a coincidence. After all, fortune is ultimately nothing more than one of many factors.]

Shaking his head once from side to side, Abel categorically denied Otto’s words.

Seeing Otto’s cheeks harden at Abel’s words, Emilia could not resist pulling on his sleeve. In doing this, she put an end to his feeling of bearing this burden of defeat all alone.

Emilia: [Otto-kun, what does that mean?]

Otto: […Just now, there was a report about the situation Natsuki-san is in. I thought it was quite the ridiculous development.]

Petra: [It’s just like Medium-chan; he’s smaller, right?]

Hearing Otto’s story, Petra glanced at Medium, who was standing next to Abel.

Medium spoke of being attacked by an enemy in the Demon City and being transformed from an adult into a child. She had informed them how Subaru had been put in a situation similar to hers.

Furthermore, in order to protect Subaru in such an uncertain state,

Emilia: [Abel must have spread those rumors that the boy with black hair and black eyes was the child of the emperor. That way, in case Subaru was discovered by people thinking badly of him…]

Otto: [They at least would need to keep him alive to confirm the matter. I thought it was an ingenious idea at the time, as well. No matter what, it would lower the level of danger Natsuki-san was in.  However――]

Garfiel: [As it turned out, it ain’t no longer just a matter of safety for the captain.]

Garfiel crossed his arms and spoke up, referring back to Otto’s statement. Emilia turned around with a “Huh?” as Garfiel gnashed his sharp fangs.

Garfiel: [There’s a lotta people comin’ into the city, and they’re all tryin’ to fight the Emperor. My amazin’ self’s got nothin’ to say about that. But if the captain is in danger, that’s somethin’ else.]

Emilia: [Subaru is in danger…]

Petra: […I see, that’s how it is.]

Emilia’s eyebrows rose, and next to her, Petra muttered as if she had noticed something. Then she sharpened her round eyes and glared at Abel the same way Otto did.

Petra: [A boy with black hair and black eyes …Whether he is the real illegitimate son of the Emperor or not, the soldiers could no longer just leave him be either.]

Emilia: [Yes, yes, I know. So, Subaru is safe and…]

Petra: [But his safety only lasts until they make sure whether the boy is legitimate. This begs the question, where do you need to go to accomplish this?]

Emilia: [Where … ah.]

After listening to Petra as she organized her thoughts, Emilia finally caught on to the main points.

Because of Abel’s rumor and Subaru becoming a child――Boys with black hair and black eyes were being sought out, and any children found were taken into custody to verify their legitimacy.

The place, of course, was――,

Emilia: [――The Imperial Capital, where the Emperor is?]

Abel: [By fortune or not, both of the persons you are looking for are in the Imperial Capital. Two birds with one stone, one would say.]

Petra: [Utterly shameless…]

When Emilia arrived at her conclusion, Abel nodded deeply, as if he had been expecting it. Immediately, Petra raised her voice at Abel and strongly denounced his attitude.

But Abel, for his part, shrugged his shoulders at Petra’s anger.

Abel: [I should have told you. Your existence is not something I expected. I merely spread the rumor as a means to an end in order to fan the flames of the rebels’ presence.]

Petra: [――Hk.]

Abel: [Or what else do you expect me to say? After deliberately shrinking Natsuki Subaru and making him disappear, I spread rumors to mislead the entire Empire, and incidentally had one of the “Nine Divine Generals” kidnap an Oni girl with the ability to use healing arts, as well. That I had orchestrated all of it. ――I must be quite the busy man.]

Petra’s expression stiffened as he spoke to her as if mocking her.

Of course, neither Otto nor Garfiel were pleased to have Petra treated that way. So Abel should be relieved that it was Emilia who made the first move.

Emilia stepped forward to protect Petra and stared intently at Abel with her arms crossed.

Emilia: [I don’t think of you as someone who knows everything about everything. Don’t bully Lady Petra with your misleading way of putting things. If you do that again…]

Abel: [What if I do it again?]

Emilia: [I’m going to be the first one to make good on what we talked about earlier!]

Emilia said this with her clenched fist out in front of her.

Emilia, too, believed that everything should be ideally resolved through dialogue, but if someone was just unwilling to listen and impossible to get through to with words, a clenched fist becomes your only option.

Especially if someone was not talking badly at Emilia herself, but rather a valued member of her camp.

Abel: [――. A completely open book. Are all of your leaders like that?]

Otto: [Yes, I do often have a hard time getting them to pick the right words. But――]

Garfiel: [That’s the kind of guy that makes it all worthwhile. Way better than some asshole who stubbornly follows the same path and removes every obstacle with some stupid ass logic.]

Abel’s eyes narrowed, and Otto and Garfiel each responded in kind.

Somehow, Emilia felt that the topic that was being discussed was about her, not Petra, who was supposed to be their provisional representative, but Emilia did not press that point too deeply.

Now, they all had to cover for Petra and talk about――,

Garfiel: [To cut it short, it’s possible that both Rem and the captain could be in the Imperial Capital.]

Otto: [And since there is a strong possibility that the decisive battle between the national military and the rebels will be in the Imperial Capital, we have no choice but to find a way past it.]

Petra: [No shame whatsoever…]

Subaru and Rem might be in the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

Theoretically, Rem could also be in a different location and Subaru might be brought together with other black-haired boys to the Imperial Capital, but this might just be wishful thinking.

Even so, it was the most likely scenario just as everyone said.

Emilia: [I’ve decided. Let’s all go to the Imperial Capital. We have to find Subaru and Rem.]

Otto: [Emily, the decision is reserved for Lady Petra.]

Emilia: [Oh, of course! Um, what do you say, Lady Petra? Are you willing to go along with what I’ve decided?]

Petra: [――. Yes, it’s fine, Emily. The truth is, I do not like the fact that it seems like everything is going to play into this guy’s hands.]

With a fixed stare, Petra glared at Abel, yet quickly softened her expression.

She was willing to take the frustration of Abel’s outburst on behalf of Subaru and the others. Petra’s concern was appreciated, and Emilia turned to Abel and said, “Yes, that’s right,”

Emilia: [Hey, Abel, Lady Petra said everything was exactly as you wanted it to be…]

Abel: [I told you. It is impossible for me to control and guide everything. Or do you, like that girl, consider me to be just that extraordinary?]

Emilia: [No, I don’t believe that. I think you are a smart person who wears a funny mask, and …is a bit of a klutz too.]

Putting a finger to her lips, Emilia replied, while tilting her head.

When she mentioned the mask, Abel’s hand gently touched the Oni mask, and right behind him, Otto, Garfiel, and Petra could also be heard laughing quietly.

She was pleased with their reaction, and Abel asked, “What sort of assessment is that?”.

Abel: [I have never heard anything like it. Why are you describing me in such a way?]

Emilia: [About being a klutz? Well, the reason I thought that was… Yeah! I meant Subaru.]

Petra: [It’s Subaru’s? What do you mean?]

For a moment, Petra’s eyes widened as Emilia searched for the path leading to her conclusion.

Petra, who saw Abel as a master of subterfuge, may not have quite understood what Emilia meant; even though Emilia also thought of Abel as a master of subterfuge――,

Emilia: [That’s what Abel said, right? That it was pleasantly unexpected for him to have us.]

Abel: [Do not embellish my words.]

Emilia: [It’s true that you would be better off if we were here, right? Abel never once said that it wasn’t. So let’s get back to that, shall we?]

Abel: [――――]

Emilia: [Maybe it was unexpected for us to be there, but Abel’s rumor of the black-haired boy for Subaru was planned …And if that makes it more likely for Subaru to be in the Imperial Capital, then that part went according to his plan, right?]

Whether planned or unplanned, Emilia had said it so many times that it nearly jumbled her thoughts, but she chose her words carefully and organized them to try to reflect Abel’s thoughts properly.

Even without Emilia and the others, he had lied about the Emperor’s child cooperating with the rebels. In doing so, there would be less dangerous scenarios for Subaru as a child, and if anyone caught him, he would be brought to the Imperial Capital to find out if the lie was true――,

Emilia: [The lie Abel told was a lie in order to make it a little more likely that Subaru would be in the Imperial Capital when we all fight there… am I right?]

Garfiel: [――Hk, that may be so, but why’d that guy have to be the captain?]

Emilia: [That’s obvious. ――Because Subaru is reaaally reliable!]

It was difficult for Emilia to decipher all by herself what all these various speculations were all about and for which purpose. But the answer to the question Garfiel mentioned was straightforward.

Abel’s many devious plans were designed to bring Subaru to the scene of the decisive battle.

It would have been really awkward if his preparations were actually made so that he would not be discovered.

But even if they were――,

Emilia: [If you had asked for help, I’m sure Subaru would have listened to you.]

It may be that it was more difficult to say the word “please” at times than it was to manipulate someone. Emilia had never thought about manipulating anyone, so she was unsure about that, but there were times when she could not say please.

And by how many could this even reduce the number of situations in which one could not say “please”? How much could one rely on the other party saying “please”?

It was now Emilia’s goal to be able to draw that line properly within herself.

Emilia: [――――]

Emilia looked at Abel, waiting for his answer.

While their black and amethyst eyes met each other, Emilia suddenly realized that behind the Oni mask, ――Abel never blinked with both of his eyes at the same time.

One of his eyes was constantly open. She wondered if his eyes would become dry.

――She wondered if she could push herself that hard without drying out her mind.

Abel: [Well, what are you waiting for?]

Emilia: [Huh?]

Abel: [Is there any reason why I should ever respond to your incoherent babbling about this and that? Do not expect my whims to last forever.]

Medium: [Abel-chin!]

Abel was about to end the conversation after a long period of silence. Emilia was so astonished by his remark that it was Medium who raised her voice instead.

She watched the conversation in silence, tugging at Abel’s sleeve beside her.

Medium: [That was so uncool just now! Even from my point of view, you lost, Abel-chin!]

Abel: [I do not recall making this a competition to see who will win, or lose. Do not pull on my sleeves. There is no replacement.]

Medium: [When you run out of clothes, dress up as a girl again! It suits you, Abel-chin!]

Brusquely, she firmly tugged his sleeve once more, and then Medium stuck her tongue out at Abel. She quickly walked around the operations desk and approached Emilia and the others.

Medium: [I don’t know anything complicated either. But if Rem-chan is in the capital, I’m sure big bro is there too… I want to see them again, and Subaru-chin too! That’s why, that’s why, that’s why…]

With faltering sincerity, Medium bowed her head with a jerk. Her long golden hair fell over her head as if it was tossed over, and fell at the feet of Emilia and the others.

However, Medium was oblivious to such things.

Medium: [Please! I know Abel-chin is how he is, but Emily-chan and the others can help!]

Medium pleaded so desperately that her voice trembled as she spoke.

At her pleading, Emilia involuntarily narrowed her eyes. Then she looked over to Abel, standing beyond the bowing Medium.

Emilia: [Abel, I think this is what it comes down to.]

At Emilia’s prompting, Abel looked at Medium’s back as she bowed her head. Then, without letting his black eyes show what he was thinking behind the Oni mask,

Abel: [You shall also join the attack on the Imperial Capital. I regard this as a statement of intent.]

Petra: [Shameless!]

Medium: [Abel-chin――!]

And the angry voices of the two young girls scolded Abel, who could not say please.

△▼△▼△▼△

――With that interlude, Emilia’s party had decided to take part in the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital.

Truthfully, they did not know how far Abel had calculated and set up the board.

Perhaps, just like they had told Petra, everything about Subaru and Rem might have been completely according to Abel’s calculations, or everything could have actually been a mere coincidence.

If there was one thing they could say,

Otto: [Without getting too caught up in Abel-san’s utterances and presence, let us carry out our own objectives.]

Petra: [Yes, I also think it’s best to do as Otto-san said… So what about Dudley?]

Otto:  [For the time being, he is at a friend’s, a minor target… It seems they were able to join up with High Countess Dracroy, and apparently, the aforementioned High Countess was eager to rebel.]

Petra: [Then, that High Countess and Dudley… Roswaal, too, will be going to the Imperial Capital?]

Otto: [It seems to be the likely outcome. ――It keeps getting more and more exhausting.]

It seemed like Roswaal was also torn between successes and problems on his independent mission visiting an acquaintance that was in the Vollachian Empire.

However, it seemed like both Roswaal and Ram would also apparently be heading to the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

If Subaru and Rem truly were in the Imperial Capital, everyone would end up gathering there at once.

Frederica: [However, what awaits us on our way there is the center of a great rebellion that is engulfing the entire Empire… And to be honest, the situation has completely changed from what we had originally envisioned.]

Garfiel: [Hey, big sis. Don’t tell me you’re scared now?]

Frederica: [I’m not frightened, but I’m a little worried. It’s a problem to interfere in the quarrels of other countries, and when it comes to the battlefield…]

Frederica, her eyes downcast, her expression hardened, and she hesitated to say anything beyond that.

What she was unwilling to put into words, everyone around her could imagine――If their destination were the decisive battle in the Imperial Capital, there would be a lot of damage to both parties.

The inevitable great surge, which should have been an event in a neighboring country.

Petra: [Frederica nee-sama, I am glad you are concerned about me. But…]

Frederica: [Of course I’m worried about Petra, but I’m afraid for myself. I’m sorry for being a scaredy-cat.]

Petra: [Nee-sama…]

Frederica shook her head steadfastly, and Petra hung her head at that compassion-filled voice.

It was likely a battle where many people would be hurt or even lose their lives, and Frederica’s apprehension about taking Petra to such a place was understandable.

That anxiety and reluctance was shared among everyone, not just Frederica.

That was why――,

Emilia: [If we weren’t in the Empire, we’d frown at it as something that happened in a neighboring country and just dismissed it. But.]

Garfiel: [But?]

Emilia: [By being here, we’ve gotten to know the people who are going to join the fight, so even if we can get away from here, we can no longer stand idly by and frown on it.]

Even if the lives to be destroyed were the same, the feeling of it happening to a person you know compared to a person you don’t know would be different.

Life is very precious and cannot be compared to anything else. So if life could be compared, it would only be with another life. ――This was surely a very self-righteous way to think about it.

However, if they were prepared to follow through with their selfish ideas, then it was already decided.

Emilia: [If we participate, I think we can reduce the number of casualties.]

Otto: [Emily… No, Emilia-sama. That is quite a thorny path.]

In response to Emilia’s words, who had put her hand on her chest, Otto corrected what he called her to say those words.

Otto, who had stubbornly used a pseudonym to avoid misnaming, even in a place where there was no one but friends around, gave them a glimpse of his seriousness.

It would be rude not to respond to that seriousness, so Emilia nodded in a serious way.

Emilia: [Hmm, I know. No, maybe Otto-kun is having a way more difficult time than I thought, but I’ll do something about that too.]

Otto: [Our goal is to bring back Natsuki-san and Rem-san. If only two people die in this decisive battle, and those two people are Natsuki-san and Rem-san, we will have failed. Conversely, if the people of the Empire are annihilated, but those two are safe, we win.]

Garfiel: [Otto-bro, not every end justifies…]

Otto: [I am talking to Emilia-sama now.]

Garfiel was about to interrupt Otto with a quiet string of words. However, Otto cut him off and asked only Emilia for an answer.

Looking back into Otto’s eyes, Emilia’s amethyst eyes shook slightly.

And then――,

Emilia: [I’m sorry, Otto-kun. You’ve been working so hard since we came to the Empire… No, since before we came to the Empire, when we had to go help Subaru and Rem.]

Otto: […Because that is what I am supposed to do. So, I will share my thoughts how I go about it.]

Emilia: [Yeah, I know. ――We need to be at our best. And since we need Otto to give it our all, we’re going to ask him to hang in there until we meet Subaru and Rem. Even if Otto-kun collapses, I’ll forcibly carry him on my back. So.]

Otto: [――――]

Emilia: [So let’s try reaaally hard to both save Subaru and Rem and keep the people of the Empire from dying as much as possible!]

Emilia was aware that she was saying something very unreasonable, and she knew it was a very selfish request. Even so, Emilia had stopped giving in before she even started trying to do what she wanted to.

For that reason――,

△▼△▼△▼△

Emilia: [――Let us blow a new wind into this battle.] [1]

A fierce cold wind blew violently, filling the verdant grasslands of Vollachia with a blanket of white air.

Struggling with the falling temperatures and chilly atmosphere, many people stopped in their tracks.

In the vicinity, ceasing their movements and exhaling white breaths, were the people equipped with one part of their body as an eye-catching feature. Male or female, regardless of age, they all had one thing in common; a weapon had been cultivated on their bodies.

There was one who had swords for arms, and someone else whose entire leg was made out of steel, someone whose head had become a hammer, and also one whose entire back had become a shield.

She had heard Vollachia was home to a wide variety of demi-humans, but as so many people had gathered from so many different parts of the Empire, it was indeed a battlefield that never ceased to amaze her.

However, even if their bodies were weapons, it neither destroyed nor protected them from all the problems in front of them, as evidenced by their wounded and fallen.

So then, taking a big breath in,

Emilia: [Everybody! Get away from here! I’ll reaaally try to do my best here!]

Saying this to the people who had fallen――to the Weaponkin, Emilia hurried forward with long strides.

In order for no further pursuit to be made against them, Emilia tried to draw the opponent’s attention to herself. However, Emilia’s idea was unnecessary.

It was not that it did not work. Enough had already been done, and the other party’s eyes were drawn to Emilia.

The reason was waiting at the bastion of the city walls, where Emilia was headed――,

???: [――So it’s friggin’ you again?]

Emilia, astonished at seeing Weaponkin for the first time, felt her strong feelings dampen with the existence that could not be seen even within the melting pot of diverse races that was the Vollachian Empire.

Eyes shining gold, and two black horns dully gleamed on her head. Catching the return of her thrown Flying Winged Blade in her small hands, the little girl was clad in an intimidating air unbefitting of her small stature.

Looking up at her opponent standing there, Emilia pointed a finger at her in a sharp gesture and said,

Emilia: [Yes! It’s me again, Madelyn! A passing Spiritual Arts User, Emily!]

Madelyn: [You’re a friggin’ irritating girl. You couldn’t beat this dragon in battle the other day――]

Gnashing her teeth with strength, Madelyn’s expression shifted to a rather bloodcurdling one.

Viewing Emilia as an enemy, in an attempt to make up for the recent battle in Guaral, Madelyn raised her Flying Winged Blade at Emilia below――,

Emilia: [――Hiyah!]

In the subsequent instant, similar to the previous time, a block of ice larger than the City Hall crashed into Madelyn like the very falls of the heavens, and together with a thunderous sound, the battle between Emilia and Madelyn broke out.

Translation Note:

[1] – The expression Emilia uses here (風穴を開ける), translates directly to “Open a windhole”, but the two meanings of this expression are both to penetrate something, and to breathe a new life into something.

--- Chapter 89: Kafma Irulux ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Even in the land of the Empire, where a wide variety of demi-human people lived, there were those who were regarded as heretics.

The “Insect Cage Tribe” was exactly that, and even in an empire where demi-humans of various species were intermingled, the reality was that they weren’t free from being seen as strange and heterodox.

In appearance, the Insect Cage Tribe did not differ significantly from the human race.

Many of them were brown-skinned and they had a custom of tattooing, but did not have any other obvious characteristics like the “Cyclops Tribe” and “Evil Eye Tribe” with their distinctive eyes, or the “Multi-Arm Tribe” and “Long-Leg Tribe” with their distinctive arms and legs, or especially the “Beastman Tribe” and “Halfbeast Tribe” who could not be any more distinctive.

Still, there was a reason why the Insect Cage Tribe were looked at in a peculiar way by other races: their way of living.

That was due to their way of living in symbiosis with “insects” within their bodies, which was a unique characteristic of the Insect Cage Tribe.

As mentioned above, compared to other demi-humans, the Insect Cage Tribe had little difference in appearance from the human race. If they did not have “insects” in their bodies, it would have been possible for them to live as a part of the human race.

However, that was not the case. The tribe had “insects” in their bodies and inherited their characteristics.

It was, so to speak, the acquisition of characteristics of demi-humans after birth, and the forbidden art of transforming the body in which one was born――That was the primary reason they were shunned by other demi-humans.

This distinguished them from the Weaponkin, who were born with a metallized part of their body that they could reforge into a weapon of their choice as they grew up, and from the Glow People, who were believed to take in the souls of the people they killed, thereby increasing the radiance of the pyroxene crystal that grew on their forehead.

The way of life of the Insect Cage Tribe, who did not mingle with others and never left their homeland, was shrouded in mystery.

Since falsified knowledge was often spread with prejudice, some of the rumors would be hard for the Insect Cage Tribe to avoid laughing at if they had the opportunity to hear them.

However, there were few opportunities for the rumors to be corrected, and there were again no opportunities for the misunderstandings to be cleared.

The most common misconceptions were the timing of when the insects were introduced into the body, as well as the connection between the insects’s way of living and the Insect Cage Tribe――In other words, it was about the history of the Insect Cage Tribe.

To begin with, it was quite dangerous to implant “insects” into the body.

In the southern region of the Vollachian Empire, deep within the village where the Insect Cage Tribe lived, there was a cave where “insects” lived, and the cave was called the “Abyss” because of the deformed creatures and poisonous air that pervaded it. The “insects” inhabiting the cave had a strange appearance and were fundamentally different from the insects that were commonly thought of.

Just who had come up with the idea of taking in these mysterious creatures, was unknown.

The consensus was that it was probably an extraordinary method discovered by Curse Arts Users, shinobi , and other aberrants with abnormal principles in order to gain power that could not be obtained through conventional methods.

In any case, given their existence, the existence of the Insect Cage Tribe was merely a byproduct.

The ancestors of the Insect Cage Tribe were the ones who wished to live in symbiosis with their natural powers by implanting mysterious “insects” into their bodies, and this madness had been passed down to the present day.

Returning back to the original topic. ――The Insect Cage Tribe waited until they were twelve years old to receive their first “insect”.

Until that age, they trained their bodies and minds to be suitable vessels for the “insects” so they were recognized as an “insects” host during the actual ceremony and the time of hatching could be appropriately arranged.

After that, the symbiotic “insect” would only recognize its obedience towards the host if they had complete mastery over it, thus they were then allowed to call themselves a full-fledged member of the Insect Cage Tribe.

The ritual was forbidden until the age of twelve, because taking in “insects” was a risk to one’s life.

Those who challenged the ritual before they were physically and mentally ready would be eaten alive by the incorporated “insects”. The minimum age to challenge the ritual was twelve, but as long as the vessel was not ready, the age was allowed to be extended to fifteen. If the vessel was not ready by then, they would be deemed unqualified to be considered a member of the Insect Cage Tribe and thrown into the “Abyss” as food for the “insects”.

The suffering associated with the ritual of taking in those essential “insects” was indescribable.

There were different types of blood among the human race, and trying to compensate for a lack of blood via the transfusion of a different blood type could endanger one’s life. The suffering of the “insect” ceremony was similar to that.

The feeling that all of the blood flowing through one’s body was poison, rotting one’s organs and burning one’s brain.

The “insect” grew into a chrysalis that tested the host to see if it was worthy of being its vessel, and then spent three days and three nights deciding whether to use it as its vessel or to dissolve and devour it.

When the chrysalis finally hatched, if the human form was still intact, the ritual succeeded and the “insect” became a symbiote.

The first physical change occurred in the Insect Cage Tribe when an “insect” was taken into the body and hatched from out of their chrysalis.

Some acquired antennae and wings, some developed compound eyes, others grew multiple arms and legs, and others covered their fingers and bodies with a shell.

The fact that these characteristics were similar to those of real insects was the reason why the Insect Cage Tribe was called as such, despite the fact that the “insects” they took in were not actually insects at all.

Of course, even in a different shape, their essence remained unchanged.

However, it was also true that there were those who viewed the Insect Cage Tribe as these abnormal people performing rituals to retroactively transform themselves to become vessels for “insects”.

This was the prejudice that awaited them at the end of their suffering, and yet the way of the Insect Cage Tribe remained the same.

In order to be recognized as a member of the Insect Cage Tribe, a person must take in a single “insect”. However, the more “insects” one took in, the more powerful one became as a warrior.

Therefore, the best warriors of the Insect Cage Tribe had taken in at least three “insects”.

However, with more integrated “insects” the risk of them cannibalizing each other inside the body and endangering the life of the host increases. Therefore, the number of symbiotic “insects” is directly related to the quality of the warrior.

The current chief of the Insect Cage Tribe was known as a warrior among warriors, and was revered and respected as the hero of his tribe for having taken eight “insects” into his body.

――And Kafma Irulux was a monster that had taken in thirty-two “insects”.

The birth of a monster that overshadowed even the feats of heroes, a monster that went against the code of the Insect Cage Tribe from the very beginning.

The ritual of implanting an “insect” was not supposed to be performed until the twelfth birthday for fear of endangering the vessel’s life, but Kafma had taken in his first “insect” when he was only a few days old.

As the elder brother of the Chief, his father turned mad because he remained inferior to his younger, brilliant brother and directed it towards his own child.

Once Kafma gained awareness of his surroundings, he was made to known of his circumstances by his father.

His real father was executed by his younger brother, the Chief, his true intentions remaining unknown. However, his father had declared his son dead soon after his birth, isolating Kafma, and performing the ritual of implanting an “insect” into him every year.

Ironically, when Kafma’s existence was discovered, and he was first taken out of hiding at the age of twelve, the same year his brethren were to undergo the ritual of implanting “insects”, and Kafma was already a monster living in symbiosis with thirteen “insects”.

Even among the Insect Cage Tribe, opinions were divided on how to deal with Kafma, an existence inconceivable to the tribe.

With his father already dying after he was emotionally executed for breaking the law and cursing his child, the reason Kafma had been able to incorporate over a dozen “insects” was completely unknown――Eventually, his uncle, the Chief, declared that he would take responsibility for Kafma’s existence and allowed him to live.

This was not a lie, and Kafma Irulux was grateful to the chief.

His blood-related uncle, for better or worse, maintained a certain distance and discretion when dealing with Kafma, and did not direct any excessive blame or apologies towards him because of his father.

His uncle’s attitude of not being neither particularly kind nor heartless showed his awareness to not give Kafma special treatment as a member of the Insect Cage Tribe, for which Kafma was grateful.

No matter how my uncle treated me, the fact of the matter is that I am an anomaly among the tribe.

Yet the generation that was still unaware of the pain of implanting “insects” kept Kafma at a distance, while those who already incubated insects feared Kafma for the unimaginable number he took in.

The Insect Cage Tribe was regarded as heretical by other tribes, and Kafma had become even more heretical among them.

Of course, Kafma had no reason to be blamed or persecuted.

Kafma could have ignored the stares he received and continued to live the life he had as an unrelated outsider. However, despite being raised differently from others, Kafma’s character was virtuous.

I did not appreciate the environment in which my own people were afraid of me.

To become a member of the Insect Cage Tribe, one was required to implant an “insect” inside one’s self.

However, Kafma had passed through that stage before he became self-aware. So he spared no effort in understanding his brethren in different ways.

He actively interacted with others, learned how to be a warrior from his chieftain uncle, and showed that he was not different from them by being tenacious in his interactions with all generations.

In order to be respected as a warrior of the Insect Cage Tribe, he challenged the ritual of implanting a new “insect” into his body.

There was some opposition. Since Kafma was unique in the history of the Insect Cage Tribe, who had already taken in thirteen “insects”, there were high expectations for how much growth he would achieve simply by growing up.

They had said it was a mistake that should not have happened, that he would lose his life before it even hatched.

Kafma knew what those old men were thinking, but he did not think it was a good idea to stop.

Before receiving permission, Kafma took the “insect” and went through with the ritual unsupervised. Kafma later learned that he had inherited this reckless behavior from his father.

But this time, Kafma recklessly took in his fourteenth “insect”, and after three days and three nights of suffering and vomiting blood, he survived.

And so Kafma Irulux had finally hatched as a member of the Insect Cage Tribe.

Kafma, despite his peculiar birth, was possessed of virtuous spirit and won the outstanding respect of his tribe, making him the strongest in the history of the Insect Cage Tribe.

In the Vollachian Empire, it was the strong who were honored and glorified.

Shouldering the hopes and expectations of his entire tribe, Kafma also set out to make his mark as a “General” of Vollachia and make the strength of the Insect Cage Tribe itself known.

Naturally, there were those who liked to gossip everywhere. Sometimes, he received heartless abuse and harassment from those who believed false rumors about the Insect Cage Tribe. But these were trivial matters.

It was trivial for Kafma once he got to the outside world. Yes, it was trivial.

――Kafma Irulux was a “monster” born out of the history of the Insect Cage Tribe.

With a virtuous spirit and a sense of camaraderie with his fellow countrymen, he took the initiative to fight the enemy and protect his tribe.

However, no matter how much effort he put in, his tribesmen continued to draw a line between Kafma and themselves. Because they knew the difficulty of coexisting with insects, they could not see Kafma as one of them.

Therefore, for Kafma Irulux, leaving his homeland was his aspiration.

Only in a place without his tribesmen, the Insect Cage Tribe, could Kafma see the light that he sought.

By all rights, everyone in the Insect Cage Tribe was supposed to undergo the process of hatching as they grew up, to eclose, and to recognize that they are only one, until finally――

△▼△▼△▼△

Garfiel: [――RRRRRRAH!!]

Kafma gnashed his molars hard at the howling, furious, golden tiger that had leapt in front of him.

Kafma did everything in his power to meet the enemy, who explosively enlarged his upper body and raised his sharp animal claws――A warrior who called himself Garfiel Tinzel.

Kafma: [I apologize for underestimating you!]

With a flap of his back-torn wings, Kafma released purple thorns from his outstretched arms.

Although a newcomer among the “insects” that Kafma had adopted, Thorns were used frequently because of their ease of use. However, even with its suppressive power, it could not halt Garfiel’s momentum.

With one fell swoop of his claws, he mowed down the tip of the thorns in every floor of the rampart, and the sensation of the insect screaming within shook Kafma’s brain.

The seemingly endless amount of thorns were part of the “insect” that Kafma had taken in.

Naturally, if they were hurt, there would be a proportionate backlash. They just suppressed it through their sheer vitality to make it seem like there is no reaction at all.

Garfiel: [Gaaaah!!]

Garfiel stepped forward with unstoppable momentum, and out of the corner of his eye, Kafma slid down the ramparts with the acceleration of his wings and slipped past the fierce tiger.

The impact, a thundering roar, echoed just off to the side, and Kafma was horrified by how much the margin for evasion had been narrowed down.

Every attack was even faster and more powerful than the previous one.

Either one grew in battle, or one drew on one’s dormant strength, neither of which was realistic. Almost every change in force that occurred on the battlefield is a reduction in power.

Of course, any perfect condition set up before a battle is lost with every second that passes once the battle commences, until one’s energy reserves are depleted and the optimal results can no longer be achieved.

That was why it was important to unleash the greatest firepower and skill within the first move of a battle.

Of course, Kafma was no stranger to this rule, unleashing maximum firepower and fighting techniques on the enemy.

And Garfiel ought to have been the same, too. ――It should have been that way, so it did not make sense.

Such an increase in power and speed over the course of a fight, regardless of the particularities of beastification.

Kafma: [And you, you must be seriously injured――Hk!]

Kafma’s earlier attack, it could have been described as a sneak attack or a poisoned assassination of sorts.

Whether the means were good or bad, Kafma did not abstain from the act itself. If elegance was the difference between life and death in battle, then one should choose the means that suit one’s desired outcome.

If those fixations were related to whether or not a person was capable of performing at their best, then it would be a different story.

Kafma: [――――]

Whatever the case, Garfiel’s overall injuries were unusual.

The largest injury he had sustained was head trauma from Kafma’s attack, but the “insects” that had burrowed into him were also quite resounding. However, the same methods would not work again.

Having swallowed the Fire Magic Stones, Garfiel’s body was still burning red-hot.

His whole body was covered in flames, but inside his body must have been in an even more unmanageable state of conflagration.

While the host body was at risk when implanting an “insect”, an “insect” without a host was also extremely vulnerable and could easily die off if in an even slightly harsh environment.

There was no such thing as an “insect” that could live in a continuously burning body.

Kafma: [The thought of it is terrifying.]

Even if one could use healing magic, it could not kill “insects” with it. Instead, the “insect” needed to be removed in order for the magic to heal the wound.

This was the best way to break through that antinomy, but it seemed unlikely that he could think this up on his own.

Rather, it was probably the result of following instinct rather than thinking with one’s head.

If he had thought it through with his head, he would have never been able to swallow the magic stone and burn his body.

Kafma: [――Hk.]

The moment he slid to an unguarded side, red antennae shot out from Kafma’s shoulders like cannonballs.

Garfiel’s body was blasted off the ramparts with a roar as the tips of the “insects’” horns from Kafma’s transformed shoulder bones pierced through his steel-like abdominal muscles.

A crushing blow, but Kafma did not come out unscathed.

Kafma: [Guh.]

Kafma’s cheeks tensed up at the bone-numbing pain of having two of the antennae snapped off at the base. If victory came at the cost of pain, it brought Kafma down to his knees.

But, Kafma was not foolish enough to kneel here.

Because――,

Garfiel: [Gaa! Ohaa! Ruuuaahh!]

Garfiel, supposedly blown away, crawled up the ramparts, his claws piercing the walls, and leapt up high before Kafma’s eyes.

Red steam erupted on the side of his body where the horns had supposedly pierced, and the wound closed up. Kafma exhaled as the healing magic’s pale light violently glowed with phosphorescence, and the wound healed rapidly and unexpectedly.

Kafma: [Ha.]

Kafma put a hand over his mouth, realizing it was an impulse to laugh.

Then, as if giving up, he put his hand down and shook his head loosely.

Kafma: [Refreshing.]

He admitted it.

Kafma Irulux had enjoyed his battle with Garfiel Tinzel to the fullest.

Garfiel: [Oaaaah!]

The howling Garfiel brought his arms down and they fell as vertically spinning golden discs. Kafma raised both arms and decided he could not stop them, so he pushed forward, and decided to go beneath Garfiel’s groin and behind him, aiming for his exposed back, which he could see from the side.

However, Kafma unleashed his winged slash without turning back and was knocked away by a rising stone right between them. Just before Kafma’s attack could reach him from beneath his groin, Garfiel placed his outstretched leg on the floor and activated his Divine Protection, blocking the attack.

Moreover, his wings struck against the hard stone and were torn noisily――On the other side, Garfiel’s hind legs were violently unleashed.

Kafma: [――Hk!?]

With their backs to each other, Kafma’s body went flying after a powerful blow.

His efforts to stay on his feet turned out disastrous, and his outstretched body had failed to dissipate the impact, bouncing off the floor, spitting blood, and sending Kafma’s tall body bouncing over the wall.

Once, twice bouncing higher, he saw Garfiel’s face as he spun around over his rolling momentum.

To the bottom――,

Kafma: [A second time――Hk!]

His chest opened, and his ribs spread apart; his reddish organs stored deep within rumbled, and the shockwave emitted from them surged forward straight into Garfiel.

This, Kafma’s trump card, was not the result of introducing a new “insect”, but a new organ created by the coexistence and symbiosis of the thirty-two “insects” that had been inserted up to that point.

The functions of multiple “insects” were combined to release a shockwave that engulfed and destroyed everything in its path with a ferociously precise vibration, a destructive blow pulverizing everything into pieces.

The moment any warrior was exposed to it, invisible to the eye, it turned them into a bloody mist.

Kafma: [――Buh.]

That conviction remained unshaken as Garfiel’s golden hair was now stained with blood.

Any warrior would be turned into a bloody mist. Therefore――,

Kafma: [――A monster.]

Braking his tumbling body with an arm thrust against the floor, Kafma looked up.

Then, Garfiel, with his blood-stained upper body trembling, mouth wide open, rushed in. Straight towards him, the “monster” struck a blow that would have killed any warrior.

Garfiel: [――――]

The swing of that huge fist caught Kafma in the face, and a reflexive counter-punch rocketed upwards to his opponent’s jaw. Like that, a violent brawl ensued, red flowers of blood blooming across the wall.

It was an epic battle that no one could interrupt, a clash between monsters.

Kafma: [Ha.]

Exhaling and looking beyond the pain, Kafma poured all of his energy into it.

He was an extraordinary monster yielded from a peculiar origin, that was the reason for Kafma Irulux to be so distinct from his tribesmen, a fate which he had cursed with his very being.

Leaving his closed-off hometown and stepping forth into the wide world, Kafma had tried to discover.

He had tried to discover evidence, so that he may puff up his chest with pride that he was not a monster.

However, that was not the case in reality.

Even in the outside world, Kafma’s remarkable true strength was beyond the norm and thereby regarded as heretical. Many that he stood shoulder to shoulder with as regular soldiers feared Kafma’s prowess, and they kept away from his abnormality.

That no matter where, he was a monster, that in the end, it was a fate he could not escape, such was as Kafma had thought.

However――,

???: [――Rise up, General Third-Class Kafma! Together, let us do everything in our power for the glorious sake of His Excellency! What, don’t think too much about it, for just like you, we are all monsters!]

With a loud voice, the words of the large man who gave that masculine laugh had been a heavenly blessing for Kafma.

Wanting to deny that he was a monster, Kafma had tried to ingratiate himself with his tribesmen. Since that wish had not been fulfilled, he had tried to seek it outside, and still he had failed.

However, what if he looked upwards?

Gathered together were monsters that even Kafma Irulux, who was feared as a monster, was no match for.

It was not that Kafma wanted to be told that he was not a monster.

It was just that he did not want to be in a loneliness that could not be shared or understood by anyone.

Even though he was a monster, the world had not left Kafma behind.

Therefore――,

Kafma: [――And with my fight against you, yet another.]

While Garfiel’s entire body was bathed in a four-pronged barrage of antennae fired at an ultra-close range, he endured it with sheer force by healing his wounds as soon as he sustained them.

The uncommon defensive power, vitality, and extreme regenerative abilities that likely included the power of a Divine Protection, were the gimmicks of the “monster” before Kafma’s eyes, and the cause of his enthusiasm.

The thorned vines released from his right arm had wound around the fierce tiger’s entire body, and the thorns were forcibly shaken off while they were tearing the skin to bits. His fists, covered in carapaces that thrust aside every slash, directly collided with Garfiel’s shining silver gauntlets, and the carapaces shattered tremendously.

The “insect” eggs that had been planted with a flick of his left hand burned in the flames, and the shockwave emitted when he was forced down to his knees, which had caused his internal organs to churn, was still unable to overcome that recovery ability, and fell flat.

Refreshing. Ahh, how refreshing.

In the end, he was a military man, and no matter how he may try to pretend, he was a monster, and going along with the “insects” that cheered from within him, before he knew it, a smile had stuck to Kafma’s cheeks and would not come off.

The thirty two “insects”, the beings that had become one with himself and were closer to him than his own family, were delighted that they finally had a chance to show their full heart and soul, and began to rant and rave.

Victory must be wrought.

For the sake of a great cause, for the glorious sake of His Excellency the Emperor who guides the Empire, for the sake of repaying his benefactor who raised him to this domain, and for the sake of his tribesmen who wished to improve the status of the Insect Cage Tribe.

Garfiel: [――Bastard, where th’fuck d’ya think yer lookin’?]

He heard a voice amidst the pain, the suffocation, and the accelerating thoughts that filled his brain.

Even though they were both pounding each other’s vitals with such ferocious vigor and might that it would not have been strange if one of them died, and even though there was no room for a proper exchange of words, he heard it.

A pair of emerald green eyes fixed their gaze onto him from in front, and a bloodshot glint pierced his soul.

The sharp fangs made a noise as to slurped flesh and blood, and the sound of creaking bones made all of his perception feel distant.

So while everything was being put to use for the stage of battle, the monster before his eyes, howled.

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self, is right here.]

Kafma: [――――]

Garfiel: [For just this moment, I ain’t gonna let anythin’ get in the way.]

That instant, color faded from the world, the sound of the wind and the ringing in his ears went silent, and that large enemy before his eyes became all that remained in Kafma Irulux’s world.

Kafma was ashamed of his own inadequacy, thinking how tactless he had been.

And then, he quickly tossed that shameful tactlessness aside, and nodded.

Kafma: [――Ahh, it’s just you and me.]

That moment, their fists crossed and slammed into each other’s faces, and time accelerated.

An open palm caught hold of his face, and Kafma’s skull screamed from that extraordinary grip strength. But Kafma also put his hand in his opponent’s mouth, and from there he poured thorns into his opponent’s body.

Since he could not break through from the outside, then he would do it from the inside.

The overflowing thorns rampaged through the inside of his body, and the conclusion of devouring him from the inside was imminent. However, while the thorns were flowing into Garfiel, he swung Kafma’s body up, and then swung his body down, slamming him into the ramparts.

Kafma: [――Hk.]

As his back was buried into the rampart, he was lifted up and dropped again. Lifted, and dropped. Lifted, and dropped. Lifted lifted lifted lifted, dropped dropped dropped dropped, and he was trampled upon.

A crack formed in the rampart where his entire body was buried, and the tip of the bastion of the star-fortress was split in two. His vision was dyed a deep red, and in place of his breaths, blood gushed out.

Nevertheless, the thorns did not lose their power, and they continued to flow into Garfiel’s body.

Until Kafma exhausted all of his strength, the “insects” would hunger for victory.

Garfiel: [――Gah.]

The open mouth of the large tiger was not able to bite through the bulky bundle of thorns. No matter how much his claws tore into them, the undulating layers of thorns were too thick. No matter what he did, Kafma would not let him go.

The thorns were also finite, there was a limit to how much he could send forth.

If Kafma were to send them all forth at this point, he would be giving up his best chance of defeating the other insurgents who were closing in on the ramparts. However, this victory would be worth it.

――No, the monster known as Garfiel Tinzel, would be worth it.

Kafma: [Ah, ahh, RAAAAAAAAAAAHHH――!!]

Ignoring the pain of the broken bones in his body, Kafma’s throat raised a war cry.

The overflowing thorns filled Garfiel’s body to the brim, and the pressure of the deadly thorns, having no place to go, would cause a rupture that led to death.

No matter how hard he tried to twist his body, no matter if he completed his beastification, it would not let him escape.

Concentrating the remaining power of all the “insects” in his body, Kafma suppressed Garfiel and pitched forward to wrest victory―― and then he bore witness to the unbelievable.

Kafma: [――Wha…]

The large tiger with golden-fur had swelled up to the verge of bursting from thorns that poured into his mouth. Before that body could burst, the pressure in the thorns  was rapidly lost.

Why was that? ――It was because an escape route had been created for the thorns that entered his body.

Garfiel’s sharp claws tore across his own abdomen, and thorns poured out from the wound.

His terrifyingly desperate tactics were acts of barbarism which brought him close to death’s door. If thorns rushed into a wound that was created, the wound in the stomach could be opened for the same reason that the mouth could not be closed. Then his body would be split in two, and it would be the conclusion.

Indeed, to merely invite death like that, it was an act of barbarity far too foolish.

However, the instant Kafma witnessed that barbarism, the momentary emptiness in his mind gave Garfiel, who was on the verge of tearing himself apart, a moment to catch his breath.

He closed his jaws. There was a sound of thorns being torn apart, and the large tiger’s large mouth closed.

Kafma lost the decisive blow with his thorns, and before he could realize it, Garfiel stepped forth and his fist struck Kafma’s face with a hard impact of his silver gauntlets.

Collapsed on the top of the wall, a fist slammed into Kafma’s face as he lay sprawled out on the floor, and now, the impact that was deeply hammered into him inflicted decisive damage to the rampart.

A thunderous roar resounded, and the ramparts of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, extolled to be impregnable, began to crumble.

While he felt the collapse through the sound behind him, Kafma looked straight ahead to Garfiel, who pulled back his fist.

Slowly unraveling his beastification, the boy regained his original human form―― the wound in Garfiel’s abdomen, from when he had torn himself open, was closed with a plume of blood.

It was a fatal wound, but seeing him forget about it even happening so terrifyingly quickly, Kafma bursted into laughter.

What an absurd sight.

Kafma: […A monster.]

Thus, right after he muttered to himself as if to catch his breath, the collapse was fully realized and the ramparts crumbled.

Falling amongst the crumbling ramparts and rubble, Kafma’s consciousness slowly faded away, faded away, and faded away until there was nothing left to hold on to――.

Kafma: [Your Excellency, I apologize…]

Until the very end, while he thought shamefully of himself for putting on airs of a loyal retainer, he fell.

――The voices of the “insects”, which he had been hearing since he was born, also seemed to be awfully quiet.

△▼△▼△▼△

Forcefully grabbing the man’s body as he fell defenseless, he kicked off on the rubble to escape the scene of the collapse.

Grazing the ground with his heel, he killed his momentum and turned around to see the ramparts crumble with a thunderous roar, opening a large hole in the strong fortress.

Garfiel: [I fuckin’ opened it, a hole for th’new wind.] [1]

The words had been spoken before the start of the battle, remembering Emilia’s order, his cheeks contorted. Feeling pain in the corners of his mouth, which had been torn wide open, Garfiel screamed, “Gah!”

He hurriedly placed his hand on the wound and activated his healing magic.

Garfiel: [Argh… shit… that hurts… but…]

Roughly healing his torn mouth, Garfiel intently stared down at his hands.

The sudden fierce battle, and being put into a condition where, frankly, it would not have been strange if he died―― But the horrific wounds all over his body had closed up, and the seeping pain became a lingering sensation.

Even while in his beast form, he thought that he was able to maintain a certain degree of composure while continuing to fight. Thanks to that, he was able to recover from his wounds quickly. ――Was that really all there was to it?

Garfiel: […Has my amazin’ self gotten stronger?]

Clutching his opened hand tightly, Garfiel spilled that out.

He had not been entirely sure. Perhaps it would be better to call it fortunate, but until now, Garfiel had not faced an opponent to whom he had to give his all.

Except for the battle against Kurgan, the Eight-Arms, in the Water Gate City, the battles in which Garfiel was not able to use the entirety of his strength had continued.

With those shackles removed, and the result of once again being able to fight with all his might, he had a definite sensation.

He breached the wall at a level stronger than he was before. That was what he had ascertained during this battle.

That was why――,

Garfiel: [――Ya called me a monster, but I’d say the exact same thing about ya.]

With that, Garfiel lowered his right arm, dropping Kafma’s body to the ground, and snorted his nose.

Kafma’s chest was slightly falling and rising, and he was still breathing. This was war, and in order to think of it as true victory, he should not let his opponent live, though he understood this.

Emilia said they should try to reduce the number of people who would die by their hands.

And Otto, likewise, told Garfiel to beat them up until they could no longer stand on their own feet.

Indeed, Emilia had shared these words from the bottom of her heart, and Otto had said them out of concern.

He wanted to fulfill that.

Therefore, in this place――,

Garfiel: [――It’s my amazin’ self’s win.]

And so, having defeated one of the bastions on the points of the star, Garfiel pumped his fist into the air.

Translation Note:

[1] – Same as chapter 88, the expression Garfiel uses here (風穴を開ける), translates directly to “Open a windhole”, but the two meanings of this expression are both to penetrate something, and to breathe a new life into something. In this case, it refers to him opening up the wall, but it is technically the same as what Emilia used in the previous chapter.

--- Chapter 90: The Cradle Of Hell ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――No doubt about it! In front, the first bastion is the Second Ranked, Arakiya!!]

???: [It’s presumed to be the Ninth Ranked, Madelyn Eschart, at the second bastion! A herd of flying dragons is circling overhead!]

???: [The guardian of the third bastion, still unidentified!]

???: [Also, no confirmation on the guardian of the fourth bastion! Unable to confirm!]

???: [Fifth bastion, such a flashy attack… Not a General First-Class! It is General Second-Class! Kafma Irulux!]

The battle conditions were coming in one after another in a loud voice, almost like an angry shout or a scream.

The soldiers assigned to the role of long-range observers took up as high of a position as possible, their eyes bloodshot as they tried to obtain as much information as possible by looking at the majesty of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana in front of them.

The decisive battle for the Imperial Capital had finally begun. If one considered the simple difference in the number of soldiers as the difference maker, the military strength of the rebel forces was nearly twice that of the regular army of the Imperial Capital. If all of these troops were to run out onto the plains at once and clash head-on, it would be obvious who would win the battle――.

???: [I never wanted to be on the attacking side of Lupugana, the robust Imperial Capital.]

Shaking his distinctive hairdo from side to side, Zikr Osman wrinkled his brow as he documented the reported battle situation on a map he had spread out in the simple command center.

As a General Second-Class of the Empire, he carried out his duty as a General and still had a high level of loyalty to Vollachia, so it could be said that the Imperial Capital was the armor that protected the heart that he needed to protect.

He would never have considered himself being in a position where he had to capture the Imperial Capital and vanquish the existence of the one who, perversely, called himself the Emperor on the throne.

???: [The situation, however, will not wait for your incessant whining to cease. ――No, not only you. Time passes equally for everyone.]

Zikr: [Abel-dono…]

Abel: [Return to the battle situation. Obtain the reports from the long-range observers. Priority should be given to the third and fourth bastions… No matter how trivial it is. We will identify the guardians there.]

Zikr: [Right away! Strengthen the long-range observations on the third and fourth! Without a doubt, a General First-Class is on the battlefield!]

Zikr nodded and ordered his nearest subordinate, causing the air to fluctuate at a dizzying pace.

Savoring the dry air on his skin, Abel squinted from behind his Oni mask at the Imperial Capital in the distance, outside the cloth-covered command center, where the star-shaped ramparts protected the city.

As noted previously, in terms of military strength, the rebels outnumbered the regular army.

However, the assembled rebels lacked a sense of coordination, a rabble that rushed off in haste likely as to not relinquish glory and military achievement to others.

In addition, the enemy, whom they needed to attack, was confined to the innermost part of the Imperial Capital, which painted a picture of robustness and solidity.

As was discussed when capturing the Fortress City of Guaral, some held the belief that in cases where the attacker was attempting to defeat the defender, if it only boiled down to pure military strength, they would require three times the number of men.

Considering that the defensive measures of the Imperial Capital were far superior to those of Guaral, the difference was all the more pronounced.

Above all――,

Abel: [――The existences that disturb the balance of military strength the most are the powerful who are equivalent to a thousand men in strength.]

Zikr: [It is a decisive battle in the defense of the Imperial Capital. Although the battle has started earlier than expected, how many of the Nine Divine Generals have been recalled?]

Even though the rebels could be surmised as a rabble, if they were to get hit on the head and doused with water, they would turn tail with their ears ready to listen. If that happened, then they would be able to incorporate them into their tactics and shape them.

That is, if the water was simply a wake-up call and not something that made them close their eyes forever――Which was no easy task when confronted with the “Nine Divine Generals”.

Abel: [At minimum, Arakiya, Madelyn Eschart, and Moguro Hagane will be in play. Kafma Irulux is equivalent to a General First-Class on merit alone, and Olbart Dunkelkenn may refuse to participate due to his injured arm, but that is unlikely.]

Zikr: [There will be no participation by General First-Class Goz or General First-Class Groovy. Is that what you expect?]

Abel: [Goz Ralfon may or may not be alive, and Groovy Gumlet may or may not have been recalled from the West, it depends, but the latter is difficult to mobilize. The uncertainty concerning the West’s movements is neither orchestrated by this side nor theirs. ――But it smells fishy.]

In the first move of the rebellion, Goz had taken up resistance to allow Abel to flee as he was ousted from the Imperial Capital. He was likely to have died, as no further information about his whereabouts was known.

Goz, who possessed the extraordinary support of his soldiers because of his superior command capabilities and personality, would be one of the greatest threats in the war if he were to become an enemy. But then again, knowing the identity of the impostor sitting on the throne, there was practically no chance that Goz would join the other side, making him nothing more than a dead pawn that was hard to deal with.

Abel: [The only possible effective use of a dead pawn is to utilize its death… Something around the lines of taking Goz Ralfon’s death and pinning the blame for it on the rebels to stir up the morale of the soldiers.]

Zikr: […I do not wish to think about it. If I had remained unaware of the situation over there, I would have also taken up the sword for the sake of General First-Class Goz, even if it meant dying.]

Even Zikr, a “General” in his own right, mourned the supposed death of Goz.

It was a feat of trust and achievement that Goz Ralfon had built up, and in fact, if they were to resort to such a scheme, it would be necessary to re-evaluate the strength of the regular army.

But, if they had intended to do so, the best time would have been before the war had begun.

Abel: [Either he deliberately passed up on the opportunity, or he did not want the uncertainty of any fluctuation in force due to improved morale. Either way, he is going to be pulling the strings.]

Running through his thoughts, Abel put his hand on the edge of his mask and tried to grasp the other party’s intentions.

When it came to reading one’s intentions, there was no room for being worse at it against most opponents. However, this time, the opponent was outside of the “most” category, and in addition, he was an enemy who knew the hues of his mind better than anyone else so far.

The conditions here were the same; however, different win conditions mean different options. And so, to the place where Abel was staring at the map was――,

???: [――Abel-chin, Abel-chin!]

A lively voice sounded through the entrance of the tent, and with a quick movement, a little girl jumped into the room. She took her place at the desk and turned to Abel, her blue eyes shimmering with immense emotion.

Medium: [I want to go, too! Big bro is there, remember? I can’t wait anymore!]

Abel: [Nonsense. We do not need more contingencies. How can you be sure that your brother is in the Capital?]

Medium: [There was a girl named Madelyn! She’s the one who took big bro and Rem-chan! If she’s there, then maybe the two of them are there too! Right?]

Abel: [That hardly sounds like a guarantee. Furthermore, your brother and that girl are of little strategic value in the current situation. Do not confuse our priorities.]

Medium: [But there is nothing more important to me than big bro and my friends!]

With a banging on the desk, the girl――Medium snapped at Abel’s words.

This was an emotional and implicit opinion. Ultimately, as he said, there was no reason other than emotion to give priority to Flop and Rem, who were both kidnapped under the circumstances of this war, and therefore was a worthless decision for Abel.

There was a liberating alternative for Medium, though.

Abel: [――. Causing needless dissension, hmm?]

Medium: [――? What?]

Lowering her eyebrows, Medium tilted her head unconcerned about her own worth. Or was she encouraged by the rightful appraisal of herself? Abel quickly dismissed it as overthinking.

In any case, he could not afford to devote much time to her.

Abel: [No matter how much you voice your aspirations, you should be aware how lofty your goal is right now. If you cut loose your shackles and head for the battlefield, you needlessly throw away your life.]

Medium: [Mm! But that…]

Zikr: [Miss Medium, Abel-dono is concerned about your safety. And I share his opinion; I cannot just let you go.]

Looking up and down, Abel and Medium glared at each other respectively, and Zikr, who interrupted them, rebuked them in a calm tone.

Zikr, the General in command, was also aware of the unpredictable situation of the battle. Nevertheless, he must have been quite distressed trying to keep the unreasonable Medium at bay.

Without revealing any of these emotion with his expression, the man called “Womanizer” exchanged glances with Medium and spoke, “And what do we do about that?”.

Zikr: [That solid city wall is made up of five bastions. One cannot attack the Imperial Capital without considering these five bastions. At the very least, we need to understand our opponent’s intelligence and eliminate any ambiguity before we talk about this again――]

Medium: [That is why! I’m also properly taking this into account! I really want to hear from Madelyn about my big bro, but it’s hard to do that, so from an unguarded spot, I’m going to go inside…]

Abel: [――Wait.]

After Zikr’s attempt at gentle persuasion, Medium emotionally tried to push him away. However, Medium’s statement made Abel think of something so he interrupted them.

Abel grabbed Medium by her slender shoulders and turned her to face him, causing her to widen her eyes.

Abel: [You said, “an unguarded spot”. If you mean one of the bastions, from where did you get that information?]

Medium: [From where, you say? …Oh! That’s right! Sorry, Abel-chin!]

Her complexion changed at the question, and Medium grasped Abel’s hand on her shoulder with both hands. As she continued to hold his hand tightly, her blue eyes again wavered emotionally, and,

Medium: [I should’ve told you this! Well, the third bastion is full of golems, and the fourth bastion is nothing but black shadows… neither of them has a person like Yorna-chan!]

Abel: [――――]

Medium: [Abel-chin?]

Abel’s eyes widened slightly at the message from Medium’s mouth. However, this reaction was immediately quashed with a blink of an eye, disappearing in a silent sigh.

These uttered words, there was no need to scrutinize their content. He fully understood their meaning. The question was how the information was obtained――,

Abel: [Who made you tell me this?]

Medium: [Huh?]

Abel: [Who?]

Opposite his gripped hand, with his left hand, he held the back of Medium’s head and turned her to face him.

Medium gasped as he looked straight into her blue eyes. Then she moved her pale pink lips to answer Abel’s question.

The answer, to that question was――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――Otto Suwen closed his eyes while being engulfed in a vast, raging, whirlwind of information.

Otto: [――――]

A storm of voices, voices, voices poured in.

From right to left, from top to bottom, from front to back, an unending assault of voices.

It was the second coming of the cradle of hell, where he once spent for as long as he could, almost like a triumphant return to his nostalgic hometown.

Otto’s Divine Protection of the Soul of Language was said to be one of the “outliers” among the many Divine Protections that existed in this world.

This Divine Protection, which allowed one to understand and communicate in every creature’s language, had too many flaws to be considered a strength obtained at birth.

First of all, a newborn child would have no ego or self-consciousness, and only a vague sense of self.

Since children cannot firmly establish themselves, they have no choice but to rely on their surroundings, but for the owner of the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language, these surroundings would be far too vast.

It would not be about up, down, left, right, or depth, but literally everything.

More specifically, a child with the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language could not even distinguish between human, animal, insect, wind, rain, or the ringing in one’s ears.

Such a living creature, bereft of definitive judgment and attention span, could hardly survive.

The only reason Otto was able to last through that period without dying was because of his circumstances.

It was the devotion of his wealthy and loving parents as well as siblings who never dismissed or denied their brother despite not being able to understand each other that kept Otto alive.

But even after establishing oneself as a living being, the suffering of the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language did not end. Rather, it was just about to begin.

Those who possessed the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language were able to communicate with everything around them, but they risked being isolated from everyone in return. This was a major factor in their lacking sense of belonging.

Assuming that talking, touching, and cultivating bonds were the foundations of life, the owner of the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language could establish relationships with any creature.

There was no need to merely bond with human beings.

One could communicate with any animal, insect, and even fish because of a Divine Protection allowing one to connect with all living things, thus making it easy to isolate oneself.

One could be trapped in an eternal prison of doubt as to who one was.

Due to that, all of the previous holders of the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language met an early demise.

Otto did not even want to think about how many of his fellow possessors of the Divine Protection had died without even being able to speak their names, let alone realize the power of their Divine Protection or make it known to their surroundings.

What was the value of living in the midst of unrelenting downpours, uninterrupted storms, and utter helplessness knowing one would never be understood?

In fact, he had never heard of any accomplished possessor of the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language.

And Otto understood that feeling all too well.

Literally, the cradle of hell was a place where one was forced to listen endlessly to lullabies enticing one to death.

Otto: [――――]

In this nostalgic hell, Otto consciously narrowed the focus of the voices he had lent an ear to.

It was the same way people picked up only the voices in a crowded place or at a party that talked about topics that were relevant and interesting to them.

It was a domain only a handful of possessors of the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language had been able to enter in which could adjust the effects of the Divine Protection.

It was that kind of constantly active Divine Protection that would lose its impact when its effect were adjusted. Otto, too, usually set his Divine Protection to the lowest setting so that his head was not filled with so many words.

He increased the volume of the weakened Divine Protection and raised its intensity to the maximum.

Otto: [――――]

When Subaru pestered him about the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language before, he had called it a “channel”. He thought that that did not sound so bad, so he opened a “channel”.

The countless “voices” that popped into Otto’s ears and mind were all related to the battlefield centered around the Imperial Capital. Many of them were accompanied by avoidance, loathing, fear, and anger, and pretty much useless, but he scrutinized them all.

Anyhow――,

Otto: [I have asked a lot of Garfiel, too…]

When Emilia made the decision to enter the battle for the Imperial Capital, Otto concluded that it was Garfiel who would have to shoulder the most difficult role in this battle.

Because of their prowess as combatants, Emilia and Garfiel were the ones taking on the dangerous enemies in battle. However, they could not let Emilia fight to the death.

Of course, Emilia’s life took top priority, even before recovering Subaru and Rem.

Therefore, if Emilia was in danger, he would make her back down, no matter what she said.

Everyone in the camp, except Emilia, had been notified of this commonly acknowledged fact. However, it was not an option to come all the way to the Empire and return empty-handed; they must bring Subaru and Rem back home with them.

In order to achieve this goal, Garfiel was responsible for sustaining the most wounds and spilling the most blood.

Otto: [Garfiel may or may not be aware of this.]

Did Garfiel understand how reckless and cruel the instructions were for the role he was entrusted with?

Otto was certainly aware that he had been terribly self-serving and unreasonable in his instructions, and Garfiel probably thought he was being reckless, but did he truly get the gist of it?

Or perhaps Garfiel took it as a sign of trust?

Otto: [I do not like this…]

Muttering a few words, Otto thought of Garfiel’s innocent look of trust.

Even if he was giving unreasonable instructions, Garfiel believed that Otto had an idea and that it was his role to see it through. In the same manner, Otto anticipated Garfiel would see his instructions that way and entrusted him with a role only he could fulfill.

At first glance, this was an exchange of mutual trust. However, Otto, as someone involved, believed that this was not a fair balance of what each side had to bear.

Garfiel was the one in harm’s way wherever they went. Not Otto.

All I do is sit back in my comfort zone, feeling pain and guilt. And when all is said and done, Garfiel would say, “As I’d expect of Otto-bro!” I am not sure how I feel about that.

You ’ve gotta be kidding .

Otto: [If I can bear it, I should bear it myself. Do not run away from your responsibilities, Otto Suwen.]

Otto placed his hand over his mouth as he reminded himself.

When their camp had finally decided on a course of action to take on the Empire’s upheaval, Otto warned Emilia, “You’re going down a thorny path”.

In response to Otto’s words, Emilia stoutly held her chest and chose her path.

It was probably a stupid idea, a foolish path. If Otto were alone, he would never have chosen this approach of all danger and little gain.

But there was something important in the little that was gained, and Otto was relieved that Emilia had chosen a path that he never would have chosen on his own.

He was inwardly delighted. Thus, he could not be the odd one out.

Out of several possibilities, it was Otto who had chosen this path.

If blood needed to be spilled for that purpose, he did not want to leave the bloodshed to others.

Therefore――,

???: [Otto-san, you can be a real dummy sometimes!]

Suddenly, amidst the flood of meaningless “voices”, he heard a clear “voice” and blinked his eyes.

In an instant, the sound of hellish rain and storms faded away, and before Otto turned around to squeeze through the channel, his eyes met Petra’s, whose eyebrows were lowered with dismay.

She went up to Otto and offered him a white handkerchief saying, “Take this”.

Petra: [Your nose bleed is really gushing. I’m a little scared.]

Otto: [Nose… Ah, I failed to notice it.]

Petra: [So it seems …Please sit down. You don’t have to stand, right?]

Otto looked at the handkerchief offered to him in a daze. Irritably pulling Otto’s hand, Petra made him sit down on the grassy field.

She then put a handkerchief against Otto’s face and wiped off the blood.

Petra: [Is that what happens when you overuse your Divine Protection?]

Otto: […Yes. If I increase the number I am listening to and the range, this is what happens. I do not really resort to this, but it is an emergency.]

Petra: [So that you don’t lose to Garf-san?]

Otto: [――――]

Petra: [As I thought. Otto-san, you really are an idiot.]

As Petra stared at him, Otto scratched his head saying, “Guilty as charged”.

Petra’s point was correct in a broad sense, although subtly different from what she was trying to say. If she had been smart, she might have known what Otto really meant and rephrased it.

Petra, the fastest-growing member of the camp, was getting sharper and more strong-willed by the day.

Petra: [Even if Otto-san has lots of nosebleeds, I don’t think he can ever be like Garf-san.]

Otto: [Certainly, the amount of blood we shed can not be compared with each other. Unlike Garfiel, I bleed to death much more easily. But I should at least be prepared to bleed myself.]

Petra: [Is it because Otto-san told everyone to go?]

Otto: [I truly am no match for Petra-chan.]

Otto laughed as his nose was pinched to flush out the blood that had accumulated.

Considering only the events that had taken place, it was Emilia who had decided that she would participate in this battle, and it was Emilia who had declared that they would do it, so Petra’s point was way off the mark.

But the reality was that Petra was correct, it was Otto who had led her to say that.

――No, those were precisely the words Otto had wanted her to say.

Otto: [In fact, I am not hurting myself for nothing either. I hate to say this, but my Divine Protection is very useful in war. I can not afford not to use it.]

Petra: [――――]

Otto: [It is difficult to find someone that can help us because of the circumstances, but it is worth just getting the information. I just entrusted Medium-san with a message. I-If Abel-san can make effective use of it, then the state of battle… Petra-chan?]

Petra: [Haa~]

Otto attempted to at least make amends by explaining the usefulness of his actions, but Petra’s response was one of cold and growing dismay.

Saying “Good grief”, Petra ran her hand through her light brown hair and looked into Otto’s round eyes.

Petra: [I am not the slow-witted child you believe me to be, Otto-san!]

Otto: [No, um, yes. I think Petra is a very quick-witted girl.]

Petra: [In that case, Otto-san, I don’t think you’re as smart as you think you are.]

Otto: [That is… a tough one to respond to.]

I am not so conceited to believe that I am one of these all-seeing schemers no one else can match.

Otto’s self-assessment for why he had been able to make it this far would be the number of rules of thumb and small tricks he had, as well having excellent crisis management skills.

If they started comparing intellect, he would fall far short to the all-seeing schemers.

However, it seemed that this notion of Otto’s had missed the mark here.

Petra: [Right now, that’s not the kind of intellect I’m talking about. Otto-san, I have no intention of being the kind of helpless child you think I am.]

Otto: [――. That is.]

Petra: [I believe I can be of proper assistance. For instance…]

Saying that, Petra tightly squeezed the hand of the baffled Otto. Then her small hand gave off a white glow, which then permeated through Otto.

At that moment, the ringing in Otto’s head abated slightly.

Otto: [Is this… Yang magic?]

Petra: [It’s part of the magic that I have been learning from the Master. Even though it is just the absolute basics.]

Otto: [――――]

Petra: [Otto-san, I also know the time calls for unreasonable actions. But, that doesn’t mean taking on more suffering is an admirable thing to do.]

Otto, who had been determined to put himself in harm’s way earlier, held his breath at Petra’s words.

Petra sighed a little at the sight of Otto,

Petra: [Even though that’s the kind of thing that Otto-san would always say. I won’t tell everyone, Otto-san, but you’ve been fretting all along, haven’t you?]

Otto: [Um.]

Petra: [You have been angry the whole time. I know how you feel, but your voice and attitude are too harsh.]

Hearing that, Otto bowed his head and could not even make a sound.

As Petra had said, Otto had made some uncharacteristic misjudgments as if he got stuck in a vicious cycle of misunderstandings.

Through Petra’s small hands, he felt that he could grasp what she was trying to say.

Otto: [The admirable thing to do is not getting a nose bleed, but getting done what you need to.]

Petra: [Yes. What would you like to do, Otto-san?]

While holding the hand of the still sighing Otto, Petra lifted hers,

Petra: [If I’m present, you can do your best more efficiently. And yet, you want me to stand back because it’s something children are not supposed to see?]

Otto: [That is a bad way to put it!]

Petra: [Would you like me to back off?]

With a smirk on her face, Petra put pressure on Otto. He had succumbed to that pressure. Giving in willingly to it, Otto let out a long sigh.

Otto: [――――]

Even now, countless “voices” popped in as soon as he opened a channel. Just when he was about to be washed away in the midst of the furious momentum, Petra’s hands held onto Otto into place.

A little more, distantly, many, just so you might listen to them, or so they would have you believe.

Otto: [I will have Frederica scold both of us later.]

Petra: [Yes! I’m glad to hear Otto-san say that he would rather have a nosebleed with me than have a nosebleed alone. I don’t like nosebleeds, though!]

Otto smiled radiantly and closed his eyes at the sight of Petra, who had decided to help him.

There was no way that this clever girl could not have noticed the slight tremor in his tightly clenched hands.

It was Petra’s first time seeing war, a battlefield where her loved ones were involved, and the safety of her friends who were sent away was in jeopardy, and she wished she could do something about it.

Imagine their thoughts. ――Use the hand at my disposal when I can. Be a merchant.

Otto: [Petra-chan, please lend me your hand. ――I will control the channels on this battlefield.]

Petra: [ We will control them!]

Otto chuckled at Petra’s brisk reply, “Well, then”, he replied, and opened the channels to dive back into the cradle of hell.

――So Otto returned to his nostalgic hometown, with the only difference being that he was no longer as lonely as he once was.

--- Chapter 91: Racing Across The Battlefield ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

She took off her robe and stretched out her arms and legs that always tried to stay ladylike.

???: [――――]

She kicked the ground strongly and sent her supple body flying forward. The feeling of the gallant golden hair cutting through the wind was pleasant, and she cautioned herself in her mind as she ran across the grass.

This was a battlefield, a place where many lives would collide with each other, a terminus for lives that would be scattered.

Even though she knew this in her head, the scent of blood that slipped through her nostrils and the numerous fighting spirits that reached her through the air threatened to embolden Frederica, who had turned into a beast.

Frederica: [It is unpleasant…]

Without looking away from her exuberance, Frederica muttered with an emotion detached from her instincts.

Fortunately or not, Frederica had not suffered any notable disasters despite being a member of the camp and standing beside the great vortex.

Certainly, no disaster had passed that was comparable to when the old Roswaal mansion burned, where she and Garfiel had met for the first time in over a decade, during the fight with Meili and her female partner at that time. In the truest sense, it was such a desperate battleground where she barely escaped with her life.

It was precisely because she had lived those relatively peaceful times, that she realized, whether she liked it or not.

That the blood that flowed within her, the mixture of human and beastly natures, was biased. Without sufficient awareness and consciousness, it would be easy to lose sight of what was important to her.

What troubled Frederica was a kind of fate tied to her half-beast body.

An instinctual appeal that her brother Garfiel could unconsciously control at a high level. Frederica was very annoyed with her own inability to control it.

The source of the blood that shaped her seemed terribly vile and merciless――.

Frederica: [――I do not have time to feel sorry for myself. When Garf and Emilia-sama, as well as Petra and Otto-sama, are doing their best.]

Finishing the conversation within herself, Frederica faced forward while snapping her animalized limbs.

Both the exuberance that swayed her and the anxiety about the uncertain future were negative emotions induced by Frederica’s own uncertain position within her camp.

――Naturally, Frederica and her comrades were represented by Emilia.

Although each one in the group had their own opinions on their strategy, Emilia would ultimately make the final decision. Moreover, Emilia herself was a powerful Spiritual Arts User and could be relied upon in a fight.

Garfiel was perfectly competent as a military officer, and Otto set the course with his excellent judgment even in a neighboring country that had entered a state of war. Both Garfiel and Otto were a little overwhelmed by Subaru’s absence, but the former sought opportunities to vent on the battlefield, while Petra handled the latter well.

Frederica: [If she becomes too dependable, I will feel desolate as well.]

Although she mumbled sulkily, Frederica was proud of the growth of the girl she loved like a little sister. That it was accompanied by a feeling of loneliness was kind of her being softened.

Otto, using his Divine Protection of the Soul of Language and listening to every living thing around the battlefield, had probably gained the most information in this great upheaval.

Petra, standing by his side, was applying her newly learned yang magic――which would improve both physical and mental functions, to herself and Otto, reducing the repercussions of overuse of his Divine Protection while also helping them discern the information he gathered.

Petra, who had been learning as a new maid under herself for the past year, had grown incredibly through her own tireless efforts, in addition to her memory and her ability to complete tasks.

In terms of her level of growth, she probably was the best in the camp, surpassing even Emilia and Subaru.

While still young and forbidden to step onto the battlefield because of her immaturity, she didn’t waste away and instead sought a role, supporting Otto, who was in peril, and fulfilling her unique role.

She was proud. While at the same time, reflecting back on herself.

Unable to fight like Emilia and Garfiel, she had neither the intelligence nor the ability to assist like Otto and Petra.

What could she, one who simply ran across the battlefield as a beast, suppressing her burning instincts, do.

Frederica: [――――]

Use your Divine Protection to the fullest and dominate this battlefield.

That is what Otto was prepared to do and, in fact, Frederica believed was happening. Thanks to Otto’s efforts, which leaned on Petra’s assistance and minimized thinking about the future, the collected information was brought to Abel’s headquarters one after another.

The tactics that could be assembled expanded once Abel was able to grasp the currently ongoing events and progression of things, and the battle of the rebel army progressed. ――Certainly, to his advantage.

Of course, Abel’s instructions did not reach all of the rebel army.

The other rebels, who had begun fighting without waiting for the arrival of his group, which included Emilia and her party from the fortified city, showed no signs of coordination or cooperation.

However, it was Otto’s and Abel’s opinion that this frustrating situation would not last forever, and signs of that were already beginning to appear.

Carried away by the momentum of the uprising, the ones who met the rebels that had attacked the Imperial Capital in one fell swoop were the elite chosen by the Emperor who ruled the Empire, the “monsters”.

The rebels would have been hit head-on with their strength and were shocked and horrified from it.

They’re holding the expectation that if they could only get them out of the state where they can only see the enemy in front of them, and the glory that laid ahead, they would listen to their side.

During the frustrating time until that happened, Frederica could only――,

Frederica: [――I found you! Taritta-sama!]

Taritta: [――Hk!? What!?]

A moment later, Frederica rushed over to the person she was looking for in the fast-changing battlefield.

Taritta turned around and widened her eyes in shock at the sight of the four-legged beast running furiously, kicking at the grass. However, her agitation was short-lived as she picked up her bow with a terrifyingly cold eye, the tip of the nocked arrow was pointed unhesitantly at Frederica and――,

???: [Wait, Tarit ta . It’s an al ly .]

It was Mizelda, holding down her sister’s bow from above, who saved Frederica from being nearly shot through. Seeing Taritta’s eyes widen at her sister’s words, Frederica landed on her feet and apologized in a loud voice, “I am so sorry!”

Frederica: [Please excuse my appearance. I am Frederica.]

Mizelda: [I see , it’s you, huh . ――That is a beautiful beast transforma tion . If I didn’t know it was you , I’d want to skin you and display your fur in the vill age .]

Frederica: [I-, I should take that as a compliment, right? Ahem, I have something to tell you. ――This is a message from the head of the main camp, Abel-sama.]

Facing Mizelda, who had crossed her arms, Frederica went straight to the point despite feeling troubled by her praise.

Frederica turned into a beast and ran across the hellfire raining down on the battlefield, to serve as a messenger. She had come to pass along the information that Abel had scrutinized which had been gathered by Petra’s supporter, Otto.

Mizelda: [From Ab el … what did he say ?]

Wary of the presence of the enemies guarding the star-shaped citadel and its five bastions, and fearing a melee with the rebels who had set out ahead of her, Taritta, who had been on the offensive, leaned forward.

Although the combat power of the “People of Shudraq” was threatening, their true strength lied in their ability to fight in groups, and they could only be truly effective when they were prepared for a situation that could be described as “hunting.”

They could not take full advantage of their strength in the field on open land.

If these girls could climb over the wall, the defenses of the Imperial Capital would be quickly reduced. For that reason, the selection of the wall to attack was considered important.

And that was――,

Frederica: [――At the headquarters they have concluded that the third bastion would be one we need to break through the most.]

Mizelda: [The third… over there ?]

After receiving the message that had been handed down, Mizelda turned her eyes to the rampart in question.

In the distance, a group of rebels had taken the lead to topple the walls, one person after another, and attempted to get over the sturdy rampart that protected the Imperial Capital of Lupugana. However, seemingly slicing through that fervor, blasts and screams mocked these approaches of recklessly leaping in and showed them how mercilessly they would be cut down.

There was no doubt that powerful beings guarding the Imperial Capital were positioned at all five bastions. However, the reason the third bastion could serve as a breakpoint was――,

Mizelda: [――. Stone golems seem to be moving there .]

Taritta: [Is it the Steelman ? However , there should only be one of the Nine Divine Generals .]

Frederica: [――――]

Frederica was struck speechless at the sisters that conversed nonchalantly as they gazed at the rampart in the distance.

As a half-beast, Frederica currently had better eyesight than usual in her beast form. Even so, she could see nothing other than the cloud of dust that hung over the wall the pair were gazing at.

Even though they were a tribe that hunted to survive, she had once again felt disgusted at her lack of ability.

Mizelda: [Frederica, what did Abel and the others say about the dolls ?]

Frederica: [――Ah, yes, well, Abel-sama said that they were the troops of Moguro Hagane, one of the Nine Divine Generals.]

Taritta: [Nine Divine Generals…]

Gazing off into the distance, Taritta’s cheeks stiffened after she heard those words.

Frederica painfully understood the reason for the slight tinge of anxiety in her mutterings.

Naturally, since Taritta was going to participate in the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, she must have considered the possibility of a clash with a member of the Nine Divine Generals. However, even if one considered the possibility, there was still a certain uneasiness that could not be dispelled.

In the same manner, the fear of the Sword Saint remains even if one knew for a fact he was not there.

Mizelda: [Taritta, don’t worry. ]

Taritta: [Sister…]

However, it was Mizelda who chuckled at her sister’s tense appearance. She clapped her sister on the shoulder so firmly, her powerful eyes shining brightly.

Mizelda: [Even if it’s against a Divine General , we’ll never be outdone again . If it’s that Divine General , I’ll get my revenge , and if it’s not that one , then I’ll be mad . Any questions , hm ?]

Asking Taritta with a shrug of the shoulders, Mizelda showed her right leg――which had been replaced below the knee by a wooden stick.

Frederica could not decide if these were words of true madness, or if they were meant to encourage her sister――,

Taritta: [―― No , no questions .]

Taritta blinked once, then twice, and nodded, and the next moment, with blinding speed, she drew and nocked an arrow, and shot it right over their heads.

Immediately afterward, Frederica looked up hearing cries of pain high in the sky, and saw a flying dragon spinning and falling to the ground a short distance away from the three of them.

The arrow that hit the flying dragon under its chin pierced all the way through to the top of its head, killing it. While Frederica was amazed by Taritta’s overwhelming archery skills, Taritta exhaled and,

Taritta: [When the time is right , we will breach the wall ourselves . If we get past the walls , we win .]

Mizelda: [So, as expected of the Chief of the Shudraq. ――Frederica, what about you?]

Mizelda turned to Taritta, nodding her head in satisfaction at the determined look on her face. Frederica, who was almost overwhelmed by the pressure of the sisters, came to her senses at the mention of these words.

Frederica: [I will relay this message to the others. If all those who are willing to listen to me will gather in one place.]

Mizelda: [One hole breaks the dam .]

Frederica: [Yes. ――One hole for a new wind.]

That was the course of action the Emilia camp and Frederica must take.

Because she knew how her position still teetered on the edge within the camp, she was determined to do the best she could within the scope of the role she had been entrusted with.

Frederica: [Taritta-sama, Mizelda-sama, please have good luck in battle. Do not throw your lives away.]

Taritta: [ Yes , Frederica, be careful too .]

Mizelda: [If you die , we Shudraq will pass on your pelt for generations .]

Frederica: [Unfortunately, I have no plans to give it to you!]

Freed from a little bit of tension, Frederica ran off accepting the send-off by the sisters.

Like a gale, she kicked through the grass and ran ahead to relay Abel’s instructions; the collaboration between Petra and Otto could not be in vain.

In turn, this would help Garfiel and Emilia in their struggle, and also Subaru and Rem, who might have been in the Imperial Capital.

Frederica: [But for now, I just have to keep on running.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Leaving a slight trail of swaying grass and lingering shadows, the beastified Frederica disappeared.

She was a golden leopard, a four-footed beast that bore no resemblance to her original tall beautiful looks, yet was so refined that even a hunter would have to admire her beauty.

According to the information provided by Frederica, Taritta and Mizelda were ready to mobilize the Shudraq to challenge the third bastion.

And, just when she had made up her mind to do so――,

???: [――Tsk, I can’t cut them down! There’s too many of them in the way!]

With a crude voice, a man with an eye patch holding twin swords dropped from the sky.

Dexterously handling his two long swords, the man slashed away the wings of a flying dragon and then jumped to the side of the other flying dragon that dropped down at the same time, cutting off its head as it tried to bite him.

A brilliant sword strike, and the one who unleashed it and turned around was――,

Mizelda: [Jamal, I guess ?. Your face isn’t satisfying to look at .]

Jamal: [I don’t know what you’re talking about! I’m so sick of this shit! If we don’t get into the Imperial Capital somehow, I’ll never know if Katya’s safe or not… Todd, you bastard, I hope you’re protecting her.]

Sputtering and swearing, Jamal yelled, scratching his dark brown, curly hair.

As an Imperial Soldier captured in the Fortress City, he was in the rare position of joining forces with Abel after learning of his true identity, but nonetheless he was a man of great ability――Unfortunately, his face was revealing his crude nature and did not meet Mizelda’s approval as someone caringly deeply about looks.

In any case, Taritta could not stay ignorant about how frustrated he was about his family being left behind in the Imperial Capital.

Anyhow――,

Mizelda: [Regardless of us , the other rebels will probably take what they can get their hands on .]

Jamal: [I already know that! That’s why I’m going to end this ridiculous charade​ by chopping off the head of this fake emperor as soon as possible.]

Mizelda: [Since you are so raring to go, I’ve got some good news for you . We’re about to head to the third bastion . Word is that we have a chance to strike there .]

As Jamal stomped his feet, Mizelda revealed Frederica’s earlier message to him. Hearing this, however, Jamal frowned dubiously with a ” ‘ay what?”

Jamal: [A chance? Who told you that…]

Mizelda: [Abel, it seems .]

Jamal: [Tell me about that quickly! Oi! You guys, get ready! We’re going to the third bastion!]

Jamal was quick to switch gears, and he harshly called to the other soldiers to start assembling―― those in the same situation as him who joined them in the fortified city.

His voice was loud, his will was clear, and he boasted some genuine strength. Surprisingly, he might have the makings of a “General”.

Seeing Jamal’s back, Taritta moved to catch up.

Taritta: [Sister, we also need to call Kuna and Holly to get ready … ah?]

When they called out, Taritta reflexively held her breath.

Eyes widening, she reached for something that fluttered and fell before her eyes. Just when Taritta gently reached out her hand, something white disappeared from her palm in less than a second.

It was a white light that slowly and furiously danced across the sky of the burning battlefield――No, it was a cold grain of ice, a snowflake.

Taritta: [Why is this happening ?]

Mizelda: [――. Right , guess you didn’t see it , Taritta.]

Taritta: [Sister?]

Beside Taritta, who was stunned by seeing the presence of snow for the first time in her life, Mizelda nodded her head.

For some reason, unlike Taritta, Mizelda seemed to know exactly what she was seeing; in fact, she recognized it.

Mizelda: [It’s Emily.]

Taritta: [Emily…]

The name Mizelda gave belonged to a silver-haired girl in the same camp as Frederica.

It was still fresh in Taritta’s mind when she revealed herself as a half-elf, yet somehow she was the one who had caused this snow to fall. For what purpose was she doing it?

Perhaps because she had experienced something outside of her imagination, Taritta felt a slight shiver and softly hugged her own shoulders.

Mizelda: [The world out there is really that big, huh . The Shudraq’s chief and former chief come together too often , and we are left on the bottom . This snow is no different . Besides …]

Mizelda, who was looking up at the sky as snow fell, turned her gaze in the other direction. It was the grass Frederica had stepped on earlier, and the direction in which she had disappeared.

The thought of this outrageous duty to continuously carry the message of the latest information from Abel across this vast battlefield without losing your breath――,

Mizelda: [――A beautiful beast keeps us alive . Wherever we go, it is the hunter’s delight .]

And, she extolled that other person, who sold herself short way too much.

--- Chapter 92: Rekindling Old Ties ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The air screamed, and the world slowed little by little.

A heat had dominated the battlefield. ――No, it was not the battlefield that was dominated, but the Empire.

The heat had overtaken the entire Empire, and the land was engulfed in an unprecedented upheaval.

Many raised their voices, raised their weapons, proclaimed their ideals, and heated their enthusiasm.

It propagated outward, becoming bigger, wider, faster, stronger, and hotter.

The heat was one that had been smoldering in the hearts and minds of Vollachia’s citizens for many years.

It is a heat that has been endlessly pushed into a box, losing its opportunity to dissipate. Nevertheless, the trapped heat continued to grow stronger during that time, and it finally exploded when it found an opportunity.

Things that had started that way, in and of themselves, were not to be denied.

There are many different ways of thinking where many people live. In addition, different countries have different ways of thinking, and different ways of living are rooted in different kinds of soil, water, and air.

No matter how much one meddles in, no one would listen to one’s complaints.

Therefore, it was out of place to talk about right and wrong here.

In such a place where so many things were intertwined, if there was only one thing that could be said,

That will be――,

???: [――I, reaaally hate this.]

The voice murmured literally changed the atmosphere of the battlefield.

The farmlands, grasslands, and the expanse of green surrounding the Imperial Capital of Lupugana were covered with flakes of white snow, a scene that would not have been possible in an Empire known for its warm climate.

???: [What, is this…]

It was the Weaponkin collapsed to the ground, who cried out in confusion in front of the snow they saw for the first time.

They were born with parts of their bodies made of metal, which they reworked into weapons for use on the battlefield. They challenged the Imperial Capital, and were crushed by a powerful enemy.

Just as they regrouped and prepared to take on the enemy once more with those who were still able to fight, the white scene slowly appeared.

Taken aback for a moment, they quickly turned their attention back to the battlefield.

It would have been no surprise if the enemy had taken advantage of that split-second opportunity to take their lives. However, the enemy did not seem to regard the Weaponkin as a threat anymore, and did not take advantage of the opportunity.

They pooled up their humiliation, wielded their anger in their blades, spears, and axes to destroy their enemies for the dignity of their race, and it was at this time,

――That they realized that their bodies were numb and unable to move as they intended.

Again, the Vollachian Empire was a country where the climate remained warm throughout the year.

Of course, if one’s hometown was situated high in the mountains, along the border with neighboring countries, or close to the Great Waterfall, one had the opportunity to experience a different climate, but this was not the case for the Weaponkin.

That said, one could hardly blame them.

Who could possibly know to be concerned?

Who could imagine that even now, at midday on the battlefield where blue skies and sunshine were peeking through, a body heated to the point of sweating got cooled down all at once, and a freezing wind blew so hard that it made one’s blood run cold!

???: [Everybody! Get away from here! I’ll reaaally try to do my best here!]

As they forced their numb bodies to move, a voice struck the astonished Weaponkin.

In the cold air, making it difficult to even grasp a weapon, a figure could be seen moving forward with large strides across the meadow, silver hair flowing in the air.

A beautiful girl with fair skin, amethyst eyes, and a tremendously well-defined facial profile stepped forward majestically, taking the spectacle around her as a given.

As they admired the sight, the Weaponkin realized. ――They understood by whom this was brought upon them.

???: [――So it’s friggin’ you again?]

The astonishment of the shivering Weaponkin continued.

As the silver-haired girl advanced forward, a voice called down to her―― Madelyn Eschart, the small figure standing on top of the city wall, a dragonkin with two black horns on her head.

She was the “monster” who reigned supreme as the Ninth of the Nine Divine Generals and had crushed the Weaponkin’s battle line with a single stroke.

Looking down below in disgust, Madelyn held in her hand her Flying Winged Blade, an armament too large for her stature, yet she was a master at manipulating it, though it was heavier than it looked.

Even in an empire filled with demi-human tribes, the rare species of dragonkin was so intimidating that even a mere confrontation with them would make a weak-minded person cower and kneel.

However――,

???: [Yes! It’s me again, Madelyn! A passing Spiritual Arts User, Emily!]

Emily, the girl who met the golden glare of the dragonkin, did not care about that sharp look.

An unfearful exchange, that was all that was needed for the Weaponkin to understand. They understood the disparity between the stage that they, Emily, and Madelyn were standing on, and the disparity in the height of the viewpoints they saw.

Weaponkin: [――――]

There was disappointment and frustration at the reality of the situation, but immediately afterward, a welling sense of elation.

It was the anticipation of the battle that was about to unfold before their eyes, a battle that transcended human understanding.

It was about to begin. The battle of the top classes, that could never be reached simply by being born strong.

A warrior’s shiver occurred, irrespective of their blood cooling with the drop in temperature.

And then――,

Madelyn: [You’re a friggin’ irritating girl. You couldn’t beat this dragon in battle the other day――]

Madelyn’s face, which could even be described as adorable, turned fiendishly serious.

Raising the Flying Winged Blade in her hand, the angry dragonkin poured all her strength into her slender arms, heedless of the extreme cold that hindered the Weaponkin’s movements.

They intuited. The moment that Flying Winged Blade was wielded, a battle that would be remembered throughout history would begin.

Emilia: [――Hiyah!]

――The next moment, a block of ice as large as a castle crashed to the ground just beyond Emily’s reach, and Madelyn’s figure on the ramparts was swallowed up in the icy shards beyond with a roar.

△▼△▼△▼△

A large block of ice slammed into the rampart, and Emilia thought, “Good” in her spirit.

The battle between the rebels surrounding the Imperial Capital and the regular army trying to defend it had begun, and it left Emilia’s head in quite a mess.

Let’s do the best that we can and reduce the number of people who die by all means.

That was the policy that Emilia had set forth, a goal that her colleagues accepted without opposition, even though they knew that would be difficult.

Yet, when Emilia and the others arrived at their destination, the rebels who arrived earlier had already begun the battle.

???: [From the Imperial Capital’s point of view, they are all the same rebels, but each tribe has its own agendas. It was not a battle that began in an orderly manner, with all the tribes lining up to fight. One can understand that without even thinking about it.]

Abel had said rather nasty things to the impatient Emilia, but they themselves, who had entered the battle from the fortified city, took up positions and joined the battle, albeit delayed.

Of Emilia and the others, the two main players in the battle were herself and Garfiel; Beatrice and Petra could not fight, and Otto and Frederica both had other roles to play.

It was very frustrating for Emilia, as she could only fight, but she had learned that the division of roles was very important, so she decided to leave it all up to everyone’s specialties.

Abel: [Lupugana, the Imperial Capital, is surrounded by star-shaped ramparts. It is a city that is hard to attack and easy to defend. The only way to conquer the city is to capture the five bastions.]

Emilia: [The five bastions?]

Abel: [It is a star-shaped wall. You can command the battlefield in depth and at a distance from these five bastions. Conversely, if we take these points, we can greatly reduce the opponent’s strength. For that reason…]

Emilia: [For that reason?]

Abel: [From the rebels who strike first, we will determine the enemy’s force distribution. If they can reduce the opponent’s strength, even if only slightly, then that would be satisfactory.]

Emilia: [Then the people who strike first will be in danger! You absolutely can’t do that!]

Even though it was Abel’s role to come up with a winning strategy, Emilia could not accept that approach. Hence, she had departed for battle, for the sake of capturing the much-needed bastions at the vertices of the star.

Honestly, though, she was unable to find the decisive factor as to which one she ought to rush to.

Otto: [Emily, I will tell you where to go. ――I have a plan.]

As Emilia was about to take off, Otto offered to help her.

Emilia was unsure what to say to Otto, due to him looking so reckless to her that she was not sure what to say to him.

Petra: [Don’t worry, Emily. Leave him to me.]

Because Petra told her so, Emilia could believe her, and she was able to start on her way.

Garfiel: [Emily! My amazin’ self is over here! Let’s blow open a new hole!]

After pledging good luck to the spirited Garfiel and to each other, they all split up on the way to their respective bastions.

Frederica: [Emily… No, Emilia-sama, I will also be racing around for my role. Please be safe, and do not be too reckless for Subaru-sama’s sake!]

Frederica, running alongside her, turned into a beast and ran across the battlefield with blinding speed.

Everyone was scrambling to do their role.

Emilia: [I also have to work reaaally hard.]

With a strong determination in her heart, Emilia arrived at the bastion to do what needed to be done.

Closing her eyes tightly, she laid her left hand on her right hand, which was placed on her own chest. Before the battle began, Beatrice, regretting not being able to participate in the fight, had held her hand and said,

Beatrice: [It is infuriating, but Betty is asking you to take Betty’s place, in fact. After Betty, the next person who can do their best for Subaru is Emilia, I suppose.]

Emilia: [Yes, I truly want to believe that.]

Whether it was because of Beatrice’s trust, or because of everyone’s cooperation, Emilia’s body and mind were in surprisingly good shape.

Her flustered heart and her confused mind had calmed down, and she was very calm.

Very calmly, Emilia balanced her role with what she wanted to do.

Emilia’s role was to defeat Madelyn, who was guarding her bastion.

What Emilia wanted to do was to prevent as many people from dying as possible.

Madelyn and her would fight from this point on. In order to keep a lot of people from dying.

Emilia: [――――]

Opening her eyes, Emilia concentrated on her gate deep inside her body, releasing all her accumulated mana at once and dropping the temperature of her surroundings at a furious pace.

Vollachia was a warm country, so many people did not like the cold, according to the studious Petra. Otto, an animal lover, also told her that flying dragons in the sky also did not like the cold.

Then again, when it got cold, it made people want to curl up, according to the siblings Garfiel and Frederica.

With everything else and with none-other than her experiences, Emilia realized.

That was――,

Emilia: [When it’s reaaally cold, people can’t be in position to fight.]

Once, at the Roswaal mansion, the one before it had burned down, the area around the mansion was completely covered in snow when Puck, before he fell asleep, had a problem releasing his mana.

The problem spread to the nearby Arlam Village and caused quite a commotion, but it remained a strange memory for Emilia, who had never felt cold in her entire life.

The experience and knowledge gained from that time were put to good use.

Emilia: [I know that I can’t easily sway everyone’s opinions or feelings regarding this fight. I wish I could talk to them and understand them better if possible, but I don’t have the time.]

Therefore, Emilia decided.

She would use force――No, she would hold everyone down with coldness.

Everyone’s fingers would get numb, they would be unable to pick up their weapon, they would be unable to use their skills with their knees shaking, their teeth would not stop chattering, their gaze would be unsteady, and their breath would be so white that they would be shocked.

If they came to realize that, then everyone would be incapable of even thinking about fighting.

And yet, if there was an opponent who still raised a strong body and mind to fight――,

Emilia: [――I’ll be your opponent!]

Madelyn: [Stop messing around and don’t friggin’ get carried awaaaaaaaaaay!!]

Emilia’s cry of determination was covered over by the roar of the ice blocks that had fallen onto the ramparts.

Emilia was not surprised like others, when she heard an energetic response from Madelyn even after the direct hit by a block of ice larger than a house. It was the same as when she encountered her in Guaral a few days ago.

That time as well, the fight started the same way, with ice blocks striking her opponent.

Madelyn: [You lack skill.]

A high-pitched sound echoed through the air, and the next moment, the huge piece of ice broke in half vertically .

Emerging from behind the scattered pieces of ice was an energetic Madelyn, holding her Flying Winged Blade above her head.

The pupils of her golden eyes narrowed as she watched the shattering ice splinter into shards, particles, then reduce to mana.

Madelyn: [Even after going through an experience that terrible, you haven’t changed your mind, half-devil…]

Emilia: [An experience that terrible… That last one was a surprise, but I think Priscilla and I were about to win that fight. You shouldn’t lie.]

Madelyn: [――Hk, don’t friggin’ underestimate this dragon, half-devil!]

Madelyn bent her knees, preparing to jump off the ramparts, her eyes angry at Emilia’s rebuttal. Emilia’s eyes widened at that action, and after glancing at her surroundings,

Emilia: [Hiyah!]

She waved her arms and made an ice block rain down on Madelyn, as she had done before.

It was not even a diversion for Madelyn as expected, and was repelled and shattered by her weapon, which she raised annoyingly, rendering the attack ineffective.

However――,

Emilia: [Hiyah! Hiyaah! There’s still more! Take this!]

Madelyn: [Wha―]

One after another, she created ice blocks in the sky and dropped them repeatedly onto Madelyn on the ramparts.

Since speed was prioritized over power during the process, the size of the ice was much smaller than at first, about the size of a fist at most.

Even so, if they were to hit one’s head, they would undoubtedly cause tremendous pain, and Emilia’s hands would produce ten, twenty, fifty, or even a hundred of them, which would then rain down on top of the ramparts.

Ice pebbles――Though, it was not as pretty as pebbles; it was an ice storm.

Madelyn: [Don’t! Get carried away――!]

Against that downpouring ice storm aimed at her, Madelyn wildly fought back.

Using her whole body, which was unaffected by the cold, she used her Flying Winged Blade not as a throwing weapon, but as a swinging one, swatting down the falling storms of ice chunks.

A chain of concussions and cracking noises repeated and a flood of ice chunks rushed toward Madelyn as she sprinted along the ramparts.

Madelyn dodged, flipped, sidestepped, and spun around with the gait of a dancer, or even a gymnast, as she dodged the icy barrage.

Her mobility was also eye-popping, but it was not Emilia’s purpose to hit. It was an attack that was supposed to be avoided, and its purpose was to buy time.

That was to say――,

Emilia: [Everyone, get away! The fight between Madelyn and I will be dangerous for everyone around here!]

Emilia called out to the surrounding rebels as she hurled a storm of ice into the air.

The beaten Weaponkin were huddled together, seemed to be looking for a chance to recklessly join in, but they were shivering from the cold, and many of them had lost their weapons.

The difficulty in moving their limbs was extremely egregious because of what Emilia did, but she hoped that they would do their best to move those limbs and withdraw with their allies.

And then――,

Emilia: [――Hk, Oh, wait, no!]

Through Emilia’s monotonous attack that prioritized quantity, Madelyn’s Flying Winged Blade was unleashed, breaking through the finely shattered ice pieces.

Emilia quickly dodged the Flying Winged Blade, which roared furiously as it cut through the wind, but as it circled back the battlefield with its roar, the Flying Winged Blade returned with frightening precision.

The whirlwind of death that reaped everything in its path came to Emilia, mercilessly shredding everything. Therefore, Emilia ran to prevent collateral damage on the slow-moving Weaponkin.

Emilia: [Uhyaa!!]

Emilia intervened in front of the Weaponkin, who were unable to dodge the oncoming whirlwind of death.

With her upraised foot, she kicked up the Flying Winged Blade’s edge. The impact made every bone in Emilia’s body creak, but she gritted her teeth and endured it without hesitation. Launching it with all her might, the blade went over the heads of Weaponkin and herself, flying toward their backs.

Emilia: [Now you can’t…]

Madelyn: [Did you friggin’ think it was over?]

Emilia: [――Hk]

Before she had any time to feel relief, a voice spoke from behind her.

Beyond her flowing silver hair, the Flying Winged Blade that Emilia had sent flying was grasped, Madelyn’s figure brandishing the blade being reflected in her amethyst eyes.

A downwards slash, to dodge it would put everyone in danger.

Emilia: [Ice Brand Arts!!]

With no other choice except to receive the blow, Emilia immediately formed an ice sword in order to meet the Flying Winged Blade.

A duel with swords locked together, it did not turn out to be. The moment the opponent’s blades came into contact, the ice sword abruptly cracked and shattered. But, that was only one of them. With a second one in the other hand, the hand losing the first blade produced a third one; even if they keep on breaking, Emilia’s relentless barrage of ice swords keeps roaring out.

With a large turn, she kept on striking the side of the Flying Winged Blade, striking, barely parrying it, falling.

Emilia: [――Kyaah!?]

The Flying Winged Blade that struck down hit the ground, and a moment later, a shock wave impacted Emilia’s entire body.

Hit by the same force, the Weaponkin that had failed to escape were blown far away. The Dragonkin’s raw strength was absurd, even more so than the already strong Emilia.

Emilia: [Still…]

Jumping up as her body rolled, Emilia slapped her cheeks and looked in front of her.

Pulling the Flying Winged Blade from the ground, Madelyn glared in displeasure at the still lively Emilia, and then looked around.

Madelyn: [So it’s just friggin’ you? What about that woman?]

Emilia: [That woman? …Ah, do you mean Priscilla?]

Madelyn: [Do you think that this dragon would think to memorize a human’s name? I mean that friggin’ crimson woman.]

Emilia: [That’s Priscilla. I’m Emily. Priscilla has, someone she wants to meet.]

While Abel was forming his strategies back at the encampment and Emilia’s team were running across the battlefield, both Prisicilla and Al had also stepped onto the grounds of other battlefields.

However, unlike Emilia’s team who wanted to bring back Subaru and Rem, and Abel’s team who wanted to somehow overthrow the Emperor, Priscilla’s goal was hard to comprehend.

When asked, she never answered properly either.

Emilia: [Even Yorna, wouldn’t tell me what they spoke about…]

Since it was a reunion of mother and daughter, she thought that they must have had a lot to talk about.

Thinking about the day she would reunite with Puck after he eventually awakened from the magical stone around her neck, Emilia wanted to ask them for some advice.

Of course, she also just wanted to simply hear Prisicilla’s joyful tale.

Madelyn: [Would like to meet…]

Emilia: [Er, they’re somewhere on this battlefield I think. She said that it was her problem, and I also prioritized my knight but… Ah! Umm, Lady Petra’s! Knight, maybe!]

Madelyn: [————]

In the Vollachian Empire where she had to disguise her social position, Emilia hurriedly corrected herself, Madelyn looking at her suspiciously.

All the suspicions aside, Emilia was simply not good at lying. When she thought about how trying too hard would just increase the likelihood of being exposed, she just shrugged her shoulders in resignation.

Emilia: [No, that was a lie. Yes, Subaru is my knight. Sorry for tricking you.]

Madelyn: [In the first place, even if you tell me that, he isn’t even friggin’ here!]

Emilia: [Oh, really…?]

Madelyn: [What a little girl like you thinks, is completely irrelevant to this dragon. ——It’s friggin’ frustrating that that crimson woman is not here, but even so, it’s friggin’ convenient.]

With these words, Madelyn’s body slowly began releasing steam.

In the cold air, dyed white by her exhaled breath, her body continued to heat up as it radiated her visibly rising fighting spirit.

As this visible fighting spirit began to pour over, Emilia instantly produced a pair of swords in her hands.

Emilia held a vigilant guard, at which Madelyn let out a savage laugh,

Madelyn: [One by one, those who make a mockery of this dragon shall be massacred.]

Her blazing golden eyes shone as she charged forward.

With a step causing the frost-covered earth to explode, the distance between them vanished in a single breath, Madelyn raised her Flying Winged Blade over her head as Emilia prepared herself.

And then——,

Emilia: [Even without Priscilla, I’m not alone!]

Madelyn: [What——]

Are you saying, is what Madelyn was about to shout out.

But, an unforeseen figure did not allow her to finish as it halted the strike of the brandishing Flying Winged Blade. Madelyn opened her eyes wide at this, looking at the figure that had jumped on the Flying Winged Blade.

That was, a body that blocked the attack by colliding with it, a Natsuki Subaru made of ice——,

Madelyn: [Wha…!?]

Emilia: [Hiyaa!!]

Towards the stock-still Madelyn, Emilia’s twin blades of ice thrusted forwards.

△▼△▼△▼△

Battles began on the bastions of the star-shaped ramparts that surrounded the Imperial Capital, and the nature of the warfare changed.

It was almost comical how many were being eliminated by such a small force, nearly a singular force; it was like a microcosm of the Vollachian Empire, a land where the strong were revered.

No matter how many weak people gathered together, one swing of a strong person easily plucked away their hope.

In fact, even a battle that was enthusiastically labeled the “Decisive Battle of the Imperial Capital”, would result in every single rebel being cut down if left unchecked, and those with smoldering fighting spirits would become docile in a year’s time.

It was possible for that to be weeding out the rebels, but it was doubtful if that was currently the Emperor’s expectation.

Although――,

Yorna: [――Even so, that would have also been the story if His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia hadn’t been ousted from the throne.]

With a kiseru in one hand, Yorna Mishigure looked down upon the battlefield and uttered a few words tinged with purple smoke.

Daring to start that small fire himself, those thoughts that had slacked during times of peace needed to be braced. It was something the Emperor would probably take care of, but it would not be something he would do by giving up the throne himself.

However, if she had not known the truth and had not been invited as one of the Nine Divine Generals who ruled over the Demon City, which side would she have joined?

Yorna: [I don’t have time for such useless sentimentality. ――I have a role to play.]

Yorna quietly looked forward, abandoning the implausible alternative.

Vincent Vollachia, the true Emperor, had kept the peace in this Empire. The future under the reign of the false Emperor who ousted him, and where it would lead, was marked in a deep darkness.

Yorna believed that this was the case.

Yorna: [My beloved children and the people who live in the land of His Excellency’s beloved Empire.]

Her beloved children foolishly lost their Demon City and continued to adore her even though she failed to show the might she should have shown.

The people of the Empire loved by a man who she once loved, and who she still continued to love with undiminished affection.

Moreover, she wanted to give none other than her children, with whom she had shared her soul, a world appropriate for them to live in.

That was――,

Yorna: [――I would rather have the peace of a true Emperor than a future built by a false one.]

As Yorna said this, she slowly began to swirl the earth around her as she spun her kiseru, drawing a spiral. This was Yorna’s technique of imparting the Soul Marriage Technique to inorganic objects and making them do as she willed.

A technique that others could never imitate due to the capacity of their souls―― However, unlike in the Demon City, where she had spent a long and intimate time imbuing her thoughts and feelings, the soil of the Imperial Capital was slow to move.

Perhaps Yorna’s own mixed feelings about the Empire were not unrelated, though.

Yorna: [I’m sorry I am not in the best of shape, but I shall be your partner.]

In front, Yorna’s gaze looked up at the top of the ramparts, and then further above them.

The reason for that was plain and simple, her opponent who she should pierce with her gaze was higher than the ramparts and flying freely in the sky above the battlefield.

Transforming her shins into flames, the Spirit Eater concealed the destruction contained within her slender body――.

???: [――Yorna.]

Yorna: [General First-Class Arakiya, you are still fighting as flamboyantly as ever. Even from a distance, I could recognize you at a glance.]

The brown-skinned dog person with a tree branch in one hand and an eye patch over her left eye―― Arakiya.

She casted a wary eye at Yorna, who appeared below her, and while her skin scorched with hostility, Yorna looked around her surroundings, narrowing her eyes at the burnt farmland.

It was at this bastion, Arakiya’s, that there was the most flamboyant of interceptions in response to the rebels’ attack.

Of course, this was due to the fact that she herself was powerful, but perhaps it was also meant to show off her power to those around her.

Yorna was not the only one who had spotted Arakiya at first glance as the guardian of this bastion.

Even if one of the military men did not know who Arakiya really was, it was easy to recognize that she had tremendous power.

More than just Arakiya’s own aims, that was――,

???: [Did somebody put that idea in your head, Arakiya?]

Arakiya: [――Hk.]

Yorna: [You…]

Behind her, stepping onto the black grassy field that had been burnt to a crisp, the voice of the arrived person shook the battlefield.

Both Arakiya and Yorna gasped, and their eyes widened. Yorna raised her eyebrows at the appearance of a voice that should not have been audible, but was.

And then, walking far enough to Yorna’s side so she did not need to turn around,

???: [What is it, Dear Mother? Even after having died once, are you still unable to let go of your child?]

Thus, opening the fan in her hand with a sound, the crimson-eyed Priscilla cruelly laughed.

Yorna was caught off guard at that unexpected appearance and the words that followed, and she spilled out a long sigh.

Yorna: [Prisca, it is natural that you cannot forgive me, but…]

Priscilla: [Unfortunately, the girl who bore that name is dead. If you are concerned about her, it would do you well to visit her grave. Mine name is Priscilla Barielle. Strive not to get it wrong.]

Yorna: [――. Was it not that Abel had said that this place was to be entrusted to me?]

Priscilla: [Was it not that at the same meeting where I said mineself shall not do what Abel tells me to?]

Priscilla, who had a comeback for every remark, responded mercilessly, and Yorna was at a loss at Priscilla’s attitude. However, Priscilla snorted with a “Hmph”, and the smile on her face disappeared.

Immediately after, her crimson gaze shifted towards Arakiya overhead.

Arakiya was one of the strongest Divine Generals, and Yorna was assigned to be her opponent because it was understood by everyone that no one but Yorna would be a match for her.

Nevertheless, the prudent Priscilla came to this place because she had a reason to confront Arakiya regardless of such factors as strength and tactics.

As evidence of that, Arakiya was clearly shaken by Priscilla’s entrance.

Even in front of Yorna, her expression, somewhat detached from the world, did not waver, but as soon as she saw Priscilla, her mask crumbled.

That was unmistakable proof of the special relationship between Priscilla and Arakiya,

Priscilla: [Arakiya, have you made up your mind?]

Priscilla’s profile was sagacious as she asked the question, her gaze so sharp that she looked as if she was about to kill the target of her gaze. However, the words spun by her lips somehow felt gentle and even benevolent.

A harshly embellished gentle question, to which Arakiya caught her breath and nodded.

Arakiya: [I’ll take back the Princess. ――I’ll kill His Excellency… the Princess is the real Emperor.]

Priscilla: [You desire a formal resolution of the “Imperial Selection Ceremony”? That shall do fine.]

Hearing Arakiya’s answer, Priscilla closed the fan in her hand. She tucked it into her cleavage, raised her empty hand to the sky, and pulled her treasured sword of crimson out of thin air.

The heat emitted around the blade was such that the air seemed to waver, it was the Yang Sword that only the Emperor of Vollachia was permitted to wield―― Unconsciously, Yorna gazed at it in admiration.

It was as if an image of Yorna’s beloved man, who once wielded that treasured sword of deep crimson, came back to her behind her eyelids.

Priscilla: [This is no time to admire, Dear Mother.]

Yorna: [――. All of those selfish ramblings… Although I was not the one who raised you, why did you grow up to be this way?]

Priscilla: [Well, now. There is no particular reason why I am mineself. Additionally, there was one thing I failed to tell you.]

At Priscilla’s sidelong glance as she readied the Yang Sword, Yorna’s whole body tensed up, and she, too, entered a fighting stance. Having adopted that posture, Yorna turned to her daughter with a questioning look in her eyes.

Without meeting her gaze, Priscilla pointed the tip of her Yang Sword at Arakiya, and,

Priscilla: [She is my foster sister. Dear Mother, after your death, she was raised together with mineself as if we were sisters. Now, it seems her goal is to place mineself on the throne.]

Yorna: [Wha…]

Priscilla: [It’s coming.]

Yorna’s eyes widened at the revelation, and the unsympathetic pronouncement was made almost simultaneously.

Swelling flames covered the sky, and in order to turn the already burnt field into grounds of scorched earth, that enormous heat rained down.

Beyond that, painting the world a color of red, Arakiya shouted.

Arakiya: [I will take the Princess back, with my own power!! ――That’s what I’ve been told.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Gazing from afar at the flames controlled by Arakiya’s excessively setting the world ablaze, Todd Fang sensed that the atmosphere of the battlefield was changing with the direction of the wind.

Todd: [――There’s no doubt that the first move was effective, but…]

The great firepower broke the fighting spirit of the invading rebels, and the first invaders would always be people who were recognized for their ability.

There was no way that a group could maintain its morale while it was being burned without any way to do anything about it.

Hence, of the five bastions protecting the star-shaped ramparts, he had guessed that the bastion with Arakiya, which he had been assigned to, was the safest, and the place where the enemy’s attack would be weakened.

In fact, Todd’s judgement proved true, and after the Cyclops Tribe that had bravely marched in was wiped out, the attack of the rebels, fearing Arakiya, was in tatters, and the battle was practically won.

The cause for this change of mood was the repelled first group of rebels being joined by a second group that had arrived late.

After being struck on the head and losing their fighting strength, it seemed like the first group had been about to collapse, but they had been absorbed by the second group that had come around later, and they were attempting to restore their fighting strength.

Of course, even if the losers came together, it should not have a significant impact on the outcome, but the ones that came after brought together the group whose morale should have been broken and kept the damage to a minimum.

Thinking that there was likely a very quick-witted commanding officer in the second group, Todd shuddered at that frightening possibility.

Todd: [No way, was arriving late also part of their plan?]

Without keeping an equal pace, with each person fending for themselves, the empty-headed rebel army had charged in. Seeing that painful experience of the first group, and from there the battle was about to end with the regular army’s overwhelming victory.

However, after the first group lost powerful people and grew disheartened, when they had their hot-headedness cooled, the nuisances that did not have the ability to listen to a discussion had been completely lost.

In that case, to snatch a victory in the battle they had undertaken, the group had no choice but to join the ranks of the other party for a better chance of success and frantically perform for the sake of receiving a share of the leftovers.

Todd: [Rather than the vanguard, which was full of idiots, is the second group the true contender?]

Even when it came to taking on Arakiya as an opponent in battle, the true contender was likely to have countermeasures prepared.

It was hard to imagine that Arakiya would be defeated, but Todd did not think an opponent who could calculate to this extent would come without plans in hand for an assault on the Imperial Capital.

There were some sort of preparations for not only Arakiya, but also the guardians of the other bastions as well.

In addition, other than those guarding the bastions, the soldiers of the regular army, whose role should have been only to hunt the survivors, were starting to spend time on the rebel’s movements, even if it was not a hard fight.

It felt troublesome, as if eyes and ears that could reach great distances, and even skillful limbs were following the brain of a demonic enemy.

It would be best to leave the strong enemies to Arakiya and the guardians.

However, Todd thought that the truly troublesome enemy in this conflict was something else.

Therefore――,

Todd: [――I’ve got to deal with the guy who is up to no good.]

--- Chapter 93: The Stone Army ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

An arrow pierced the head that had no eyes, ears, or a nose, and the golem, made of stone, was thrown a great deal backwards.

However, the head, without any human-like parts, could not be a human-like vital point, so the advancing enemy’s footsteps were undeterred, whether it was pierced by an arrow or part of its head was missing.

???: [If crushing its head ain’t e nough … Holly!]

Holly: [Got it~ !]

Shuffling, the stone golems rushed towards them with outstretched hands.

The sight of them, no bigger than human beings, coming at them with their inhuman movements evoked a sense of disgust. Channeling that antipathy into her fingers as she drew the bowstring, the strong bow made a sound like a thunderclap.

Three arrows were released at the same time. They struck the stone golem’s torso, not piercing it nor hitting a critical point, but smashing it to pieces, stopping the golem’s movement.

If its whole body were broken to pieces, even the stone golem would cease to move.

However――,

???: [With this amount , you can’t take them out one by one !]

Kuna looked up to reach the target rampart, the third bastion, which she had been told was a hole in the enemy’s formation, but when she managed to reach it, the number and nature of the enemy soldiers deployed made her feel hopeless.

The third bastion was supposed to be guarded by Moguro Hagane, one of the Nine Divine Generals.

Fortunately, Moguro themself was not visible on the rampart. Was it because they had not reached Moguro yet, or was Moguro themself somewhere else?

Either way――,

Holly: [It’s as if they’re ants gathered around a tree’s sap~ ! I can’t knock them down like this~ !]

Kuna: [This is no time for your whining ! Shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot ! Shoot as many as you can !]

Holly: [ Geez~ ! Kuna, you’re so strict~ !]

Raising her voice in a way similar to a shriek, Holly pulled an arrow from the quiver on Kuna’s back and fired them one after another from her powerful bow. Two or three stone golems were destroyed with each shot, but that was not enough to keep up with the number of enemies.

――Because there were hundreds, thousands even, of stone golems, too many to count.

Kuna: [ Tsk , what are we supposed to do …!]

Clicking her tongue and distancing herself from the enemy, Kuna cursed Abel for giving her these orders.

She only knew of them from rumors, but Moguro Hagane was a special kind of demi-human called a “Steelfolk”. Unlike the Weaponkin, whose bodies were only partially made of metal, she had heard that they were existences whose bodies were entirely made out of minerals.

In that case, were all the countless stone golems in front of them also Steelfolk.

Holly: [They all look so lifeless ~! They really look like dolls~ !] [1]

Kuna: [I have the same opinion ! What kind of a gimmick do these guys have ?]

While maintaining a moderate distance, she glared at her surroundings and looked at the crowd of stone golems. Thanks to their lack of eyes, the stone golems did not seem to have any self-consciousness.

They simply surrounded those who approached them, beating and bludgeoning them to death with their tough limbs and monstrous strength. Those who had been unable to escape were caught up to, and died tragically as they were exposed to the violence of the sheer numbers.

The rebels who challenged the third bastion and were trampled by the hordes of stone golems would have literally had their corpses stepped over, and their remains would not have remained intact outside of the shape of their formation. And this was not an event that Kuna and the others could laugh at as if it were someone else’s problem.

If they continued as they were, they would be trampled by an overwhelming number of enemies, unable to stand a chance against them.

Before that happened――,

Kuna: [If things get really bad , we’re going to have to retreat , but…]

Holly: [Hey! Kuna! Look at that~ !]

Kuna: [ Huh ?]

Both of them were forced to stomp the grass of the farmland that had now become a battlefield and shoot while running away. As Kuna turned around at the sound of Holly’s voice, something surprising entered her field of vision.

A figure stood still on the battlefield, and then the stone golem rushed in and slammed their stone arms down on them. It seemed as if the target would be knocked down by the blow and left to die in a puddle of blood――,

???: [――Don’t get in my way , you stone golem !!]

It was Mizelda who howled, her ferocious beauty contorted in anger.

As she shouted angrily, she swung her club held in both her hands, crushing the head and upper body of the stone golem that had leapt towards her, effectively beating it at its own game.

――No, she was not the only one who had chosen to attack the stone golems rather than run away from them.

???: [Get out of my way, get out of my way, get the fuck out of my way! You’re all shame of the Empire who don’t understand the authority of His Excellency the Emperor, so don’t fucking get in my way!]

The slash was released with a guttural cry, and it brilliantly separated the stone golem’s neck and torso, and further split the flying head vertically in mid-air. If that was not enough, he slashed the torso diagonally, slashed off the arm from the shoulder, and when he saw that it had stopped moving, he kicked it down and moved on to the next one.

A rough-looking man with an eye patch similarly dove into the stone golems, as Mizelda had.

The relentless attack power of these two attackers in hand-to-hand combat thwarted the stone golem’s ability to launch an attack.

But what truly stunned Kuna and Holly was not either of them.

Kuna & Holly: [――――]

A powerful sword roared, and mowing down the stone golems , it blew them away.

It was a rough and violent slash that could hardly be described as brilliant. However, it was the most appropriate swordsmanship to use against the stone golems that needed to be destroyed in order to keep them suppressed.

Swinging that sword and burying the onrushing horde of stone golems was a red-haired swordsman―― A man who she only knew as a follower of the proud and haughty Priscilla, Heinkel.

A man who looked somewhat dead inside had joined the war front before anyone could notice, and cut down the stone golems one after another without speaking, the scene lacked a sense of reality, much like a nightmare on a night of poor sleep.

Looking only at the events that were taking place, regardless of whether they were circumstances that Kuna and Holly should welcome, they were unsure of whether they should accept it with delight, and there were negative thoughts swirling around in them.

Surely the reason for this was the expression of Heinkel’s face as he wielded his sword.

Holly: [It seems like it’s full of pain~ .]

After witnessing the same thing, Kuna could not help but agree with Holly’s mutterings.

She could not understand Holly’s thoughts as the latter expressed that, but from Kuna’s eyes, it looked more like he wanted to die.

Sometimes, warriors would head to the battlefield in search of a place to die.

Even in Shudraq, there were times when those without much longer to live would choose their final moments by taking a bow and challenging the large creatures hidden deep in the forest.

It was probably not an ending that Kuna would choose, but she could understand such thoughts.

However, those of Heinkel’s were different from those of a warrior seeking a place to die.

Wanting death while fearing death, the figure that fiercely fought against death only exacerbated how pathetic it was to look at. Even though she knew his presence was dominantly supporting the warfront, Kuna wished for him to collapse and die right away.

He was a man who swung a sword surrounded in melancholy to the extent that it made those around him think that.

???: [Kuna! Holly!]

With those words, the mood of the battlefield still continued to shift, ignoring that mental image Kuna and the others had.

The one who called their names and overtook them as if she was flying through the grassland was Taritta. Carrying her quiver on her back and having returned to the typical Shudraqian attire, she arrived in front of the two of them,

Taritta: [It’s dangerous to stop moving . This is the path Sister and Jamal have created .]

Kuna: [I understand that even without you telling me , Chieftain. …I was just a little bit distracted .]

Taritta: [Heinkel, was it? ]

Looking at her fondly, Taritta perfectly guessed Kuna’s embarrassed, gloomy feelings.

Taritta was Mizelda’s younger sister, and she succeeded her as Chieftain of the People of Shudraq. Previously she was shy and indecisive, a girl that had stood out for being more cowardly than careful.

However, as a condition for taking over as Chieftain, the experience of going along on the journey to the Demon City of Chaosflame seemed to have been significant, quieting that cowardice and leading her to acquire a refined strength.

Her pointing things out now had also probably accompanied that.

Holly: [Chieftain, don’t you find it creepy ~?]

Taritta: [I think creepy is too direct, but … If it’s true that he’s desperate, and that he will become our war strength , then I have no objection to fighting alongside him .]

Kuna: [What a magnificent an swer . …That’s fine with me too .]

Even though there were things that were unaccounted for, there was no need to account for them at this moment.

Originally, Taritta was good at changing her approach in hunting situations, if not in everyday life. Now, as the Chieftain, she could successfully adjust to any situation.

As Kuna evaluated the situation, Taritta looked at the quiver on her back,

Taritta: [The number of arrows left has decreased a lot . While we have the chance , let’s collect the fallen ar rows . It’d be best not to use too many arrows on one person .]

Kuna: [In theory, yes, but …]

Holly: [I can’t seem to kill them in one shot~ !]

Taritta: [There is a trick to dropping them in one shot . Aim for the heart . ――Like this. ]

Before the struggling duo, Taritta quickly fired three arrows from her bow. As three stone golems approached Mizelda’s back in the distance, the arrows pierced the three bodies through their back, head, and thigh, killing them.

Kuna: [Wait, wait, wait ! Why did they die in one shot !? The heart?]

Holly: [They’re stone golems, so I don’t know where their hearts are~ ]

Taritta: [ Is -Is that so ? If you look closely , I think you can see where their vital spots are, but …]

Taritta’s brow lowered with a troubled expression as Kuna and Holly pressed her.

Apparently, she really did not do much more than look closely. Taritta was indeed Mizelda’s sister, although her personality was so opposite to hers that it was difficult to tell.

As one of the People of Shudraq, Kuna was proud of the high degree of purity in her Chieftain sisters.

Kuna: [Since that consultation wasn’t helpful , let’s do this our way . Pick up arrows , and if there aren’t enough, use a club or whatever . Then, we’ll beat the enemy to death .]

Holly: [Let’s put an end to this doll game~ !] [2]

Taritta: [I think that’s the spirit . But , at some point, the real Divine General is going to come out of the woodwork . …As was the case with Yorna , the Nine Divine Generals are anything but standard . Be very careful .]

Holly: [ You should probably tell that to Mizelda~ .]

At the serious-faced Taritta’s opinion, Kuna shrugged her chin at Mizelda, who was already rampaging on the front lines.

The former Chieftain, who had a prosthetic leg, had given up her position to her sister and was now running rampant with her lightweight physique. At this rate, if the Divine General were to appear from the enemy lines, she would be the first to collide with them.

Even without one leg, Mizelda was capable of putting up a good fight against any serious challenger――,

Taritta: [Sister, please don’t go too far ! You will die if you are alone !]

Mizelda: [――――]

Taritta shouted, taking a single shot at the head of a stone golem blocking the way ahead of Mizelda. At the sound of Taritta’s voice, Mizelda gave a big wave of her hand, communicating that she understood what was happening.

Kuna was genuinely surprised and impressed by Taritta’s judgment in her statement.

Taritta had truly stopped hiding behind her sister’s back.

Kuna: [I didn’t see what happened at that time with Mariuli, but …]

Holly: [Taritta, you’re flourishing, so we’re also happy for you~ .]

Taritta: [Is this really the time to say that !? Both of you , please go fight !]

Holly shot the stone golems that surrounded them with her bow, Kuna bashed them with her short hatchet as she gave a remark, and in response, Taritta said that with a sharp voice.

Kuna and Holly nodded to each other and obeyed without hesitation at the direction of their ever-reliable Chieftain.

A Covenant of old, a promise exchanged between a former Emperor of Vollachia and the People of Shudraq, a promise that was now far removed from the present, which Kuna and the others could not be blamed for having forgotten.

This battle began to fulfill that, however, it was now certainly a battle that Kuna and Holly, as People of Shudraq, absolutely must gain victory in.

△▼△▼△▼△

Stone golems charged directly towards him.

Without faces, they had neither hostile intent, nor intent to kill. Swinging his sword at those opponents, while cursing the puppeteer who had inconsiderately chosen those golems, Heinkel Astrea looked out onto the battlefield. [3]

For what reason, was he swinging his sword in the vast lands of the Empire?

For what reason, was he still swinging his sword after exposing so much of his shame?

For what reason, on the lands where the person who must see him being useful was not present, was he there?

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

Slashing upwards from the elbows of those extended arms, the upper body of his opponent was blown away by the aftermath of the attack.

The opponents were stone golems, and above not being able to dampen their fighting strength by merely cutting off their head or limbs, what was required more than a refined swordsmanship was to drive the opponent into a position where they could no longer do anything, an attack akin to that of a barbaric tribe.

Changing his grip on his sword, he spread his legs wide and decided on a stance.

He unleashed the sword he had readied by his waist, and it obliterated the stone golems in its path to an amusing extent. It was not amusing. There was nothing about this that was amusing.

He had no such memories of the sword ever being enjoyable to swing.

For him, the sword had never been anything but a shackle that was heavier than it appeared.

Heinkel: [Fuck.]

While spewing curses, he landed a blow on the enemy that had entered his sword’s range.

Filling his head was nothing but the doubts of “For what reason,” and blowing away all those hindrances in the way of his vision, he swung his sword. He swung it. He swung, swung, swung, and swung it about――.

Heinkel: [Fucking hell.]

Free your mind from all obstructive thoughts , such was how he had been instructed during his training with the sword.

Strengthen your concentration, become free from obstructive thoughts, hone your skills to become one with the sword. ――No matter how many times he was told this, he had no idea what the instruction was trying to say.

Heinkel: [Fucking hell.]

He was told to not think, but if he tried to put that into practice, he would end up thinking about “not thinking,” so there was no way his mind could become free from obstructions.

Completely focusing on nothing but the sword, how could humans do such a thing?

If one lived, they would get hungry. They would also breathe. They would probably feel itches in their body, and also get assailed by drowsiness. Their worries would be endless, and their families would always present in the corners of their minds. Anxiety about tomorrow and anxiety about ten seconds later never ceased, and the failures from ten seconds earlier, let alone the failures from yesterday, and failures from even before that were things they eternally worried about. Piling up, on and on, on and on, the thoughts were everlasting.

How could one possibly become free from obstructive thoughts?

Completely cutting off the thoughts that were naturally born from human activity, such a thing was surely unthinkable for a human. In that case, was a swordsman who could free themself of obstructive thoughts not truly human?

Was that why he was not truly a swordsman?

Heinkel: [Fucking hell goddammit!]

That limitless stream of profanity, no matter how much he let out, it could not disappear from his mind.

As if to mow that all down in one go, Heinkel recklessly swung his sword, and proceeded to turn the stone golems blocking his way into a mountain of gravel.

Just how much value was there in these actions?

Failing to do the things he had to do in the place he had to do them, and letting the person he wanted to win favor with clean up his mess, in the end he owed a debt to yet another person who helped him survive.

Doing these kinds of actions over and over, just how much would he be recompensed, and for what?

???: [Sorry Pops, but my amazin’ self ain’t got any idea about what yer dealin’ with.]

In his head, mixed in with his own profanity, he heard the voice of another person.

Still young, the voice that he heard could even be called unripe, and it had been from he was drunk on the lookout platform. Even though he expressed that he did not want to speak with anyone and had secluded himself, it was the voice of the boy who had tactlessly barged in back then.

???: [I ain’t got any idea about if ya failed, nor how badly ya messed up either. But ya know, if it’s an experience of failing, then my amazin’ self has also got that.]

After chasing him away once by saying careless things, the boy started to show up again and again.

Then, even though he himself also had a face which seemed to hold doubts, he tried to interject into Heinkel’s worries and things had become like this.

That was also terribly childish and cheap, those naive and idealistic ideas made him want to laugh scornfully.

???: [There ain’t no one but yerself who can make a distinction of what ya’ve messed up. That’s why I’ve been tellin’ ya Pops, if yer gonna do it――]

Heinkel: [Shut the fuck up, you damn shitty brat!!]

Encouragement or consolement, pity or sympathy, whatever it was, he did not care.

Everything directed towards him was troublesome, and there was absolutely nothing that he desired from them. There was not even a single thing he desired from other people. There was nothing he desired. There was just a person who he wanted to offer this to.

There was value in what he would receive from that person. So, everything other than what he would receive from that person, were merely stone weights which he would drag as he walked.

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

The ominous stone golems silently creeped up, and before his eyes, he slashed them with his sword, vertically splitting two of them into two halves each. As if to take advantage of his large swing, another came flying in from the side, so he smashed its face area with the tip of the scabbard, and followed by drawing the beloved sword “Astrea” back, and skewering it for the kill.

Opponents without faces, only using moves they had been taught, if it was that kind of match, then he could cut them down no matter how many there were.

As long as he kept breathing, then he could take on ten or twenty with no problem. However, just what significance did that have?

Scoring these kind of points without even showing it to the person he must show it to, just what――,

???: [――Pops, if yer gonna do it, ya gotta restore it through yer own sword.]

Heinkel: [Fucking shithead…hk]

It was laughable that he was still clinging to a fading light which may or may not even be there.

On that note, he again collided with the notion of why he was even still living.

Just what did he want to prove through this sword? What did he want to gain? What was it that he desired?

Heinkel: [――――]

When it came to the quantity of main threats, everyone in the surroundings would successively launch an attack on that.

Charging in was Heinkel, the woman from the tribe of hunters wielding a club, and also the eyepatched twin sword user who employed elegant sword skills unbefitting of his face. However, with the orders of the hunter tribe’s Chieftain, who mainly used a bow, the warfront was resolutely upheaved, and the other rebels who had once stepped aside had each regained their spirit.

A hole in the enemy’s line of defense, pointing that out had been worthwhile.

Compared to the other four bastions, it was evident that just this bastion had a weak defense. The fact that Heinkel could cut his way through was proof of that.

One person, indeed, if there was even one person who was truly strong, then it would be impossible for Heinkel to lead the charge like this.

???: [Follow after that back――!]

???: [Don’t let the red-haired man get all the achievements! We’ll also push forward!]

???: [That swordsmanship isn’t too bad . If he shaved his beard, his face would become more visually appealing .]

Lagging behind Heinkel, who led the charge, the many people raising their voices were unthinkable.

He did not have the time to be captivated by them as a phony.

Heinkel: [Fucking hell… bring it on, bring it the fuck on! With just this, I won’t even be able to…]

Score points , trying to accept the situation before his eyes more severely, more pragmatically, Heinkel lifted his head.

The stone golems standing directly opposite him, their formation was blown away from a sidewards sword slash, and trying to look at the imminent ramparts, he funneled power into his knees as he leaped towards them.

Immediately taking hold of the ramparts, if he eradicated the enemies atop the wall, then the capture of the third bastion―― to be clear, it was not that he would slay some enemy General, so would it really be a contribution?

So then, to compensate for his failure in that Fortress City, would Heinkel be the one to connect the spider threads of what Priscilla wished for?

At the very least, even if it was only a little――,

???: [――You, killed me, most.]

Heinkel: [――――]

Indeed, the moment he recklessly took hold of the ramparts, a voice struck Heinkel.

His lungs felt paralyzed, and a hoarse breath leaked out of his throat. It was not that he had suffered an attack, nor had he avoided an attack, it was just that he heard a voice.

With that alone, Heinkel’s entire body trembled with fear.

The various thoughts from just before flashed through his head, about being free from obstructive thoughts, about his own desires, about recovering for his failures, they were all painted over with white, and vanished from sight.

What he did understand was what he had happened across. ――A threat to which he could not do a single thing about.

That was――,

???: [Killed, me, most. Therefore, I also, kill, you.]

An emotionless voice resounded, and before Heinkel’s eyes, the tall and thick wall began to change.

It was not the stone golems lined up atop the wall.

It was not the stone golems deployed to try and protect the ramparts either.

The bastion on the ramparts of the star-fortress, on the thick wall which they called the third bastion, a change arose.

Heinkel: [――ah]

In the vision of Heinkel, who leaked out breaths, countless “lights” were born upon the ramparts which stretched both to his left and right. ――No, whether those could be called “lights” was a matter of divided opinion.

The “lights” born upon the ramparts, they were fist-sized orbs which glowed a bright green, and at a glance they seemed like harmless things from which no danger could be felt.

However, those had not originally been on the ramparts.

On the wall where there had been nothing, the countless “lights” from orbs had suddenly sprung up. To Heinkel, they appeared to be just like the eyes of a living thing. It seemed that all at once, he locked eyes with those “lights”.

He became frightened when simultaneously, those “lights” seemed to glare at him.

Heinkel: [Eek…]

That moment, Heinkel’s entire body froze, and his grip on the sword loosened――,

???: [Fly away.]

That instant, in contrast to that monotone voice, making an unbelievable thunderous roar and clad in a strong wind, a gigantic stone fist seized the leaping Heinkel, and threw him away.

Heinkel: [Kah…]

Thoroughly beaten from head to toe, Heinkel was blown away to the sky with nothing he could do.

Similar to how he was handling the opponents of stone golems until a moment ago, the expression of being kicked around would be fitting. Heinkel was spraying blood everywhere as he soared, and then he saw it.

Within his revolving vision, the circumstances of the surface had completely changed. That was not the result of the blown away Heinkel’s consciousness being hazy, as there was a definite change that was hard to look away from――,

Moguro: [――Eighth of the Nine Divine Generals, Moguro Hagane.]

It was the etiquette of a warrior on a battlefield, a grand estimation in its own introduction―― however, that scale was far too abnormal.

Heinkel: [――――]

The rampart of the star-fortress, which they should have captured, the third bastion itself moved.

That was unmistakably one of the Nine Divine Generals, the mighty being which introduced itself as Moguro Hagane.

Translation notes:

[1] – The word Tappei uses for the golems (人形), can also be read as doll. Holly’s evaluation is a bit of a play on that. It is normally golem though, since ひとがた is used as the reading.

[2] – Another pun here using doll for the golems. Holly uses 人形遊び, which is essentially “Playing with dolls”.

[3] – The narration likens the one to deploy the golems here to a puppeteer (人形遣い), since the word for golem (人形) can also be read as puppet.

--- Chapter 94: Determination For The Sake Of Whom ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――A roar, like distant thunder, shook Beatrice’s consciousness as she closed her eyelids.

Beatrice: […Such an unpleasant sound, I suppose.]

The little girl’s faint whispering brought back memories of hearing similar sounds over and over again in her mind.

Four hundred years ago, in the age of Witches, during a time of constant warfare; it was not uncommon for large numbers of people to clash with each other, exchange blows, and fight for their lives.

Beatrice was not intimately familiar with the battlefield.

She was born and raised in the mansion of her mother, Echidna, a place free from human conflict. Even though the battles were far below her notice, they were still aggravating.

As time passed, she spent four hundred years with the book entrusted to her, during which the world outside was far from the madness of those days, although it could still be turbulent.

Yet, this once far distant madness was now close at hand.

――That being, a struggle for countless lives all around the Imperial Capital.

???: [Umm, I am worried. I am anxious.]

???: [I know how you feel , Shuu. I guess Uu and the others should be leaving too ?]

???: [Au! Uau! Aa, u!]

???: [Tha, that’s no good! Our job is to wait! We are waiting!]

Beatrice, endeavoring to close her eyes and conserve energy, overheard the exchange.

What could be heard were the voices of children she had become quite familiar with over the past few days―― Schult, Utakata, and Louis Arneb.

Beatrice and the other children were settled behind the main camp―― where they waited in a tent that overlooked the battlefield from a hill, and although it sounded good to say that they protected the rear of the camp, at least Beatrice knew that this was just a pretense not to be expected of them.

Normally, it would be wise to leave non-combatants like children behind in the Fortress City.

Similarly, the non-combatants among the residents who had relocated from the Demon City with Yorna Mishigure and were unable to survive the battle, stayed away from the front lines and focused on cooperative support like logistics instead.

The reason why children did not do the same was because of their guardians.

Priscilla: [A skirmish is one thing; however, it would be pitiable to keep them at a distance when it comes to the big stage. The fringes of the battlefield shall be acceptable to me. Wherever you may be, you shall not mistake my brilliance.]

Mizelda: [Utakata is one of the Shudraq. Cowards who turn their back on the battlefield and the hunting grounds are not fit to be a member of the Shudraqian people. Naturally, they’ll be taken to the battlefield.]

These were the respective statements of Schult and Utakata’s guardians; opinions that could not be dissuaded since Schult and Utakata were both highly determined.

Both may have spoken from different morals and beliefs, but Beatrice had no right to interfere as long as the parties involved were in agreement for the time being.

To be honest, as a Great Spirit, Beatrice had not been pleased with the situation in which she and these children were being treated as a package. Nevertheless, since everyone in the camp had their own role to play, it was only logical that Beatrice was assigned here considering how restrained her actions were.

The role entrusted to her was――,

Louis: [Uu, au.]

Like Schult and Utakata, Louis had also been ordered to stay behind in the tent.

Beatrice: [――――]

Except her treatment was distinctly different from that of other young children.

Unlike with Schult and Utakata, there was no obvious guardian; however, the main focus was “keep an eye on a certain person”.

Of course, that was the Sin Archbishop. The danger would never diminish, no matter what those who knew her in the Empire said.

So, unlike the other children, Louis was the only one they had no choice, they could not leave her by her lonesome.

Otto: [Currently, she is a bomb with the least inclination to make a move. Beatrice-chan, I do not wish to burden you too much, but please keep an eye on her. We cannot tell Emilia-sama or Garfiel about this, at least we need to remain level-headed.]

Had been Otto’s statement before he decided to participate in the full-scale rebellion.

It may have been a precaution so that Beatrice would not be discouraged by the helplessness of having no role to play and staying in wait to conserve her energy, but it was also an unsettling statement because she started losing the ground under her feet.

The fact that he purposely tried to keep a calm look on his face was unsettling. ――Both Petra and Frederica had the same concerns, so perhaps they could have done something about it.

In any case――,

Beatrice: [You shouldn’t fidget around so much, in fact. Calm down, I suppose.]

Utakata: [Bae, is awake ?]

Beatrice: [Betty has been awake the whole time, in fact… Also, that name you used is unpleasant, I suppose. It kind of makes one feel like they’re being Akanbe’d, in fact.] [1]

There were no beds in the camp tent to lie on, and no lap of Emilia nor Petra to borrow either. Consequently, Utakata’s lips pouted at Beatrice, who had had her eyes closed as she sat on a simple chair.

Opening her eyes thinly at the reaction, she looked at the three restless people in the camp.

Schult was anxious, Utakata couldn’t handle the fighting spirit, and it was hard to tell what was going in Louis’s head as she impatiently bounced her shoulders at each sound of the battle.

Beatrice: [――――]

Looking at the behavior alone, there appeared to be nothing suspicious about Louis.

A child who was simply hypersensitive to changes in her surroundings―― other carefree people, who were unaware of the threat of Gluttony, would have inadvertently regarded them as a normal child.

But that was not the case for Beatrice.

Beatrice: [Emilia and everyone else are doing their best to help Subaru and the others, I suppose.]

The reason Emilia and her group were willing to intervene in this rebellion and fight for their lives, despite having no obligation to do so, was that they were likely to find their friends, Subaru and Rem, there.

If Beatrice was unable to fight alongside them, she would at least be able to cut down on distractions by keeping a close eye on Louis.

So, Beatrice braced herself through shallow breathing and――,

Louis: [Uu?]

Beatrice: […You, what are you up to, in fact?]

Beatrice’s lips pursed, as a small hand caressed her head. She glanced at Louis, who was looking at her with lowered eyebrows.

For a moment, her body stiffened at the risk of being touched by Louis’s hand, but she did not feel threatened by her, nor did Louis make any gesture to snatch Beatrice’s “name” away.

As far as Beatrice knew, Gluttony required calling out the other person’s “name” and eating it in order to activate the Authority, but Louis’ mouth never even uttered the right sounds to begin with.

Of course, if Louis only required awareness, there was still a possibility for her to activate the Authority; so Beatrice was nervous about Louis moving the hand that touched her head to her mouth.

If Louis ever showed the slightest gesture to eat Beatrice’s “name,” then――.

Utakata: [Bae, your face is scary . Do you still hate Lou?]

Beatrice: [What a way to comment on Betty’s adorable face, I suppose. Besides, Betty does not hate this girl, in fact… Despising would be more fitting, I suppose.]

At the sight of Beatrice glaring at Louis, Utakata pushed up both of her own eyes with her fingers while saying her face isn’t adorable and Beatrice let her true feelings come out in the end.

So yes, I find myself hating Louis.

Not just Louis, but the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony in general. ――Everything that caused Subaru and the others to suffer.

Beatrice: [Regretful, in fact.]

For the Emilia camp, and above all for Subaru, Gluttony’s biggest victim had been none other than Rem. Watching Subaru suffer over the girl who was indefinitely asleep, made Beatrice constantly regret the time wasted before she had been contracted with him; when she was indifferent to the world around her.

Wondering what could have been.

If Beatrice had opened up earlier and shown a willingness to cooperate with Subaru and the others, things might have turned out differently. Not allowing the White Whale, the Witch Cult, and the like to do whatever they wanted; Subaru would not have ended up displaying such a neverending expression of sorrow beside Rem as she continued to sleep.

That was why she decided to never let Subaru suffer like that again, and stay by his side for the rest of his life; yet here she was.

After being separated from Subaru, she could not help Emilia and the other members of the group to the fullest extent because she was forced to conserve energy. ――The meaning of her existence was in tatters.

Schult: [Bea, Beatrice-chan, you can’t talk like that to Louis-sama…]

Beatrice: [Betty doesn’t feel sorry for her, I suppose. You’re being imprudent to begin with, in fact. Why do you refer to Betty as “Chan” when the others are called “Sama,” I suppose? You lack respect, in fact.]

Schult: [Ugh… I’m terribly sorry, Beatrice-chan.]

Picking up a sense of danger, Schult interjected as she stared at him.

How did Schult, who did not waver despite being terrified, see Beatrice? Could it be that he thought she was a little girl since she had been asleep all this time?

Beatrice: [In any case, do not fatigue Betty, I suppose. The whole purpose of being left here is to prevent everyone here from doing anything unnecessary, in fact. As much as a pain it is to do exactly that…]

Louis: [Uu.]

Beatrice: [It is much better than letting you run amok, I suppose.]

Beatrice grabbed Louis’s hand resting on her head and made the startled Louis sit down in the chair right next to her.

In the end, she decided to hold on to Louis’s hand and not let go of it.

Beatrice: [You too, in fact. Schult, stop moping around, and Utakata, if you do not have anything to do, just take care of your bow, I suppose. So…]

???: [――It appears that there is no need for me to interject.]

Beatrice: [Wah…?]

As she was dealing with the restless children, she suddenly heard a calm voice enter the camp tent. When she looked, she saw a man with curly hair, Zikr Osman, peeking inside.

Beatrice furrowed her brow at his appearance since he was supposed to be at the main camp, commanding alongside Abel.

Utakata: [Zee! We’ve been busy, but now you’re here ! It’s time for Uu and the others !]

Beatrice: [You wish, in fact…! But what business do you have, I suppose?]

Zikr: [My apologies Miss Utakata, but it’s not your time. However, there is a possibility that we may move the camp at a later date, so I thought I would let you know in advance.]

Schult: [Moving the camp, you say?]

Zikr’s intellectual, round eyes made Schult tilt his head. Zikr nodded “yes” in response, as he pointed at the battlefield behind him.

Zikr: [Currently, we are devoting our forces to breaching the city walls, but once a bastion has been opened, we will venture forth to the Crystal Palace in the Imperial Capital. At that time, the commander must also go to the front.]

Beatrice: [Abel does not seem capable of fighting, in fact. He is safer in the rear, concentrating on giving orders, I suppose.]

Zikr: [You are right… however, then the troops will not follow us. In the case of us paving the way for His Excellency the Emperor, then no one would allow him to sit on the throne.]

Beatrice: [――. Such bothersome national ideals, in fact.]

The fundamental principle of the Vollachian Empire, was that the people of the Empire must be strong.

However, this apparently applied even to a leader taking over the nation. If the supreme leader did not possess any strength to boast of, they would be overthrown by their subordinates in the blink of an eye.

Zikr: [Yes, it’s bothersome. But that is what our homeland is about.]

Shaking his head gently, a slightly wry smile appeared on Zikr’s mouth.

It was hard for Beatrice to discern what emotions were being mixed in there. He may not have been entirely comfortable with it, but neither was he negative about it.

Schult: [Zikr-sama, could it be you are heading into battle?]

Utakata: [Zee?]

Suddenly, beside Beatrice, who was watching Zikr’s lips, Schult asked him a question, while Utakata called out to him in a quiet voice.

At the children’s gaze, Zikr raised his eyebrows slightly, then,

Zikr: [As you have guessed, I will also be participating. Even though we outnumber them, we are still at a disadvantage in terms of “generals” below General Second-Class, so we have to change that situation.]

Beatrice: […Why is that, I suppose?]

Zikr: [――? Pardon?]

Beatrice: [Why do you bother to come here, in fact? In your position, you could have just ordered your men to do it, I suppose. What purpose is there in you showing up in front of Betty and the others, in fact?]

Zikr: [Oh, that’s what you mean.]

If one was about to head into battle, one would want to be even more focused at this point in time.

Nevertheless, Zikr showed up at a camp tent full of children, who could not be left behind on this battlefield.

When he was asked his reason, Zikr put up an embarrassed smile,

Zikr: [There are only men at the main camp since the women of Shudraq are also on the front line. If we are in need of encouragement before going into battle, only women can make you truly exhilarated.]

Beatrice: [Huh?]

Schult: [I see! Certainly, Utakata-sama and Louis-sama are here, as well as Beatrice-chan!]

Hearing his unexpected answer, Beatrice’s eyes widened. In contrast to Beatrice’s reaction, Schult looked convinced, and Utakata nodded with her short arms folded.

Then she turned to the astonished Beatrice and said,

Utakata: [Give it up . Zee, it’s been like this from the start .]

Beatrice: [It, It was a big mistake to think this guy was the only normal one, I suppose…]

The signs were there. For some reason, he was called a “coward,” and instead of trying to argue about it, he was proud of it. However, there was no reason for her to get deeply involved, so she just didn’t say anything.

As a result, Zikr’s eccentricities ended up on display at the last minute, with it resulting in an awkward situation――.

Zikr: [Besides, if you are aware of what is behind you, you have a better chance of not getting lost.]

Beatrice: [――. You, have a family, in fact?]

Zikr: [A mother and numerous sisters. But when I joined this side, their position became much worse. It’s a terrible misfortune for my family.]

Zikr was originally a “General” on the side of the Empire as a General Second-Class. Since he defected, it was only natural that his family would be affected.

Zikr was prepared for that and still considered it worthwhile to choose this side. Beatrice wondered if Abel was worthy of this choice, but no one but the man himself knew the reasons.

She was simply curious.

Beatrice: [What is it you fight for, I suppose?]

Zikr: [――――]

Beatrice: [You are not supposed to be like those guys who fight for the sake of fighting, in fact. Why is that, I suppose?]

A simple soldier may have been fine with this, which made the Vollachian Empire such a terrifying place since many of its warriors were of a similar mindset, but that was not the case for a “General,” much less Zikr.

At Beatrice’s perception, Zikr raised a thick eyebrow in slight contemplation, then,

Zikr: [Of course, it is for the sake of the future of the Vollachian Empire for which I place my faith and to which I owe my loyalty.]

With a strong voice, he replied, and then he continued with, “Of course,”

Zikr: [I am a “coward,” after all, so I doubt I could resist. So, may I ask you, Miss Beatrice?]

Beatrice: […What, in fact?]

Zikr: [The obvious. ――The blessing of a lovely maiden.]

As he said this, Zikr pulled out the sword from his side and presented it to Beatrice.

After narrowing her eyes and looking down at the proffered item, Beatrice sighed and,

Beatrice: [For the record, Betty does not know much about the proper etiquette, I suppose.]

Zikr: [In such matters the feelings are what’s most important. As long as the giver and the receiver’s hearts are in tune with each other, the etiquette is of no significance.]

Beatrice: [Since when are our hearts in tune with each other, in fact? Good grief…]

Muttering, Beatrice accepted the sword. In front of Beatrice, Zikr reverently dropped his head and kneeled down.

His seriousness reminded Beatrice of a ceremony she had attended one day when Subaru was knighted by Emilia, and she followed her example.

With the sword she received, she tapped each of the kneeling Zikr’s shoulders once.

Beatrice: [To see this through properly, I suppose. For the sake of no one else’s but your own wish.]

Zikr: [As you command.]

At Beatrice’s blessing, Zikr looked up in somber acknowledgment. He sheathed the sword returned to him by Beatrice and looked towards Utakata and the others by his side.

Seeing the look in his eyes, Utakata called out, “Zee,”

Utakata: [Uu is a Shudraqian warrior , so we don’t do things like Bae. A send-off in the style of a warrior .]

As she said that, Utakata pulled out the knife from her waist. With the knife made from the tusk of a beast she cut a thin slice of skin from her palm to cause a small bleeding.

Beside Schult’s pained face, Utakata gently pressed her blood-soaked palm against the armor Zikr wore, marking it with her handprint.

Utakata: [Shudraqian blood, the blood of strong warriors . Make Zee strong, too .]

Zikr: [With gratitude.]

Schult: [Uh, well, I can’t think of anything like Beatrice-chan or Utakata-sama, so I’ll cheer for you! Hurray! Hurray! Zikr-sama! I’ll be there!]

In response to Utakata’s action, Schult also shouted a loud cheer to Zikr. Zikr accepted it with a smile and stood up in place.

And then――,

Zikr: [Uh-oh.]

Louis: [Au, Uuu]

Louis slipped out of Beatrice’s hands and hugged Zikr’s waist as he stood up. Zikr was startled by the little girl’s embrace, as he patted her on the shoulder with a frown.

In Beatrice’s eyes, Louis’ behavior was an indication of positive feelings towards Zikr. The fact that she could not control her at a moment’s notice was also because there was no sign of unpleasantness.

Zikr: [Zikr Osman, as I depart for battle. ――Please, remain in good health.]

Schult: [May you have success in battle!]

Breaking free from Louis’ embrace, Zikr exited the tent with a cheerful look on his face. Schult waved his hand, while Utakata narrowed her eyes as they watched him go.

As Beatrice watched Zikr’s back grow distant, she understood that he headed into battle fully prepared to die. ――Just like it was the case four hundred years ago.

When war was happening in faraway places.

However, there were frequent visitors to her mother’s mansion, and they all sought the Witch’s knowledge and cooperation. All with a strong desire to improve bad situations.

That being noted, it was up to every single person to realize whatever advice one received from the knowledgeable.

After seeing the possibilities within the future of her mother’s advice, many turned their backs on the mansion and headed toward their own futures. ――Zikr’s back appeared to be just like one’s from that time.

Beatrice: [You.]

Louis: [U?]

Watching Zikr leave, Beatrice addressed Louis.

Turning around, Louis stared back at Beatrice with her already wide eyes becoming more wide upon her childish face. Completely thoughtless―― no, that would be a mistake.

Yet, looking at her face, which seemed to be devoid of any plan, she asked,

Beatrice: [Which side are you really on, in fact?]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Hk!?]

With a full swing, the pair of ice swords struck her chest, and Madelyn, her eyes wide open, flew a great deal backwards.

As Emilia chased after her, she called out “Thank you!” to the beings that prevented Madelyn’s movement―― to the sculptures of Natsuki Subaru made from ice.

――To fight alongside the seven soldiers of ice was a tactic Emilia had developed as a last resort when she had taken Volcanica’s Trial at Pleiades Watchtower.

On her own, she may have lacked manpower.

Without time to waste on her vague apprehensions, these ice soldiers were the result brought about by her confidence that “I’ve been watching Subaru closely!”.

As for an official name, she intended on asking Subaru to provide one, once she showed them to him.

Emilia: [So for now, just do your best as soldiers!]

There was no direct reply to Emilia’s words, but one by one, the seven ice soldiers pumped their fists up, giving a response to Emilia’s cheers.

While she thought of that reassuringly, Emilia and the ice soldiers drew near Madelyn, who had been blown away. It probably looked just like a scene where eight people were bullying a small girl, but――.

Madelyn: [GAAAAARR!!]

If one were to see the howling Madelyn swinging her arms, blowing away the upper bodies of two ice soldiers, such a leisurely impression probably would not come to mind.

Even without her Flying Winged Blade, Madelyn’s dragon claws and superhuman strength were exceedingly frightening.

Emilia’s ice had been made hard and firm, and even if it was not to the extent of iron, it was at least as hard as a strong boulder. If one were to carelessly strike it barehanded, it was hard enough to reasonably break their hand instead.

So easily, so easily had it been destroyed by Madelyn’s fingers merely wrapping themselves around it.

Emilia: [I’m sorry.]

The soldiers resembling Subaru were destroyed, and Emilia could hear the screams of Beatrice in her mind.

Apologizing to the Beatrice inside her head, Emilia remained vigilant for Madelyn’s counteroffensive. While she was vigilant, she chose not to back down, but instead to continue stepping forward.

Emilia: [Hiyah! Yah yah! Teryaa~!]

Brandishing a pair of ice swords, she proceeded to rain down attacks on Madelyn, who had not been able to fully halt the momentum of the initial strike. Although, when the pair of swords struck the shoulders of Madelyn, her arms widespread, they shattered into pieces.

The tough skin of the dragonkin remained unyielding to the sword slashes of ice. She needed to use even heavier attacks.

Emilia: [With this…!]

The shattered pair of swords became shards of ice, and what Emilia had made to replace them was a large ice mallet.

As Emilia brandished it, two of the kneeling ice soldiers linked arms to create a foothold before her eyes, then she stepped on that and jumped up high. Gaining speed immediately after, Emilia drove the ice mallet into Madelyn with enough force to make her own body spin vertically.

Madelyn: [――Hk.]

Without any defense, Madelyn received Emilia’s blow directly on her head. Landing before Madelyn, who had turned downwards as of the impact, Emilia used the recoil to put power into a second strike――,

Emilia: [Huh.]

As soon as she gripped it tightly, the handle of the ice mallet shattered. ――No, it was not just the handle, the entire thing had been destroyed.

The ice mallet that had struck Madelyn’s head was the one unable to bear the opponent’s hardness. Emilia widened her eyes upon seeing that, and simultaneously, the claws below her eyes rose sharply.

The moment the claws moved within the edges of her vision, a small shield of ice intercepted its trajectory.

Emilia: [Oww!]

However, the ice shield was smashed at that instant, and cries of pain erupted.

After having poured energy into her body at an earned moment, the side of her head was slashed by the claw tips, and at the slight impact of her silver hair being grazed, Emilia’s vision greatly and violently shook.

Nevertheless, the attack did not end with that.

Madelyn: [Do not mock this dragon!!]

The howling Madelyn raised her claws overhead. The wind of destruction that followed turned over the surface of the ground.

She promptly flew backwards as to avoid the claws, but the wind that arrived afterward struck her, and Emilia’s body was flicked away, having been hit in kind. Engulfed by the ground turning over like waves, Emilia’s body bounced, bounced, being blown away.

Emilia: [――Ru-ru-ruuu!!]

With eyes just like those of a dragon or a snake, Madelyn caught up, and raised her Flying Winged Blade overhead. As it swung down, it accelerated with aim for Emilia’s lower back.

In an instant, Emilia funneled power into her abdomen to try and withstand the oncoming strike, but she immediately concluded that it was something that she must not be hit by―― reaching out her hand, she tightly grasped a cold and solid sensation.

Emilia: [――――]

Her arm was jerked up with force, and Emilia’s body, now having been pulled up, escaped the trajectory of the Flying Winged Blade.

The one which had done that was an ice soldier who caught up to the blown away Emilia as fast as it could, and pulled her arm while diving into a forward somersault.

The ice soldier forcibly pulled Emilia up, and heaved her away just after. Emilia’s body spun around as it was sent flying, and in her field of vision, the ice soldier was overpowered and shattered by the Flying Winged Blade which she had evaded――.

Emilia: [Subaru――!!]

It was not Subaru, but Emilia had called out with the feeling that Subaru had received harm.

Catching up to Emilia, who had again been sent flying, was an ice soldier different to the one which had been destroyed. Without a pause, she was thrown over to the next ice soldier, received, then thrown over, and was escaping from the dragonkin.

Madelyn: [Enough! Quit friggin’ messing around!!]

With an angry bellow and a flash, the solid earth fissured where it had been stepped on by Madelyn, her face red, and with her firm foothold, she threw the Flying Winged Blade with a tremendous and ferocious vigor.

The Flying Winged Blade revolved at a velocity so intense and extreme that to the eye, it did not appear as anything but a disk. It was a disk that cut down anything and everything in its path, and clad in a strong wind, it approached Emilia.

Emilia: [I’m counting on you!]

Before that could reach her, the ice soldiers, receiving Emilia’s voice, rushed out one by one.

They lined up in single-file, and wedged themselves into the gap between the flying Emilia and the disc flying towards her. All of them took an ice weapon in their hands, and used them to fight against the Flying Winged Blade.

――As a result, the sounds of ice shattering at high speed chained together, and the Subaru ice soldiers were completely annihilated.

However, just before each Subaru was shattered, they each landed as much of a hit as they could onto the Flying Winged Blade.

The change in the danger of the Flying Winged Blade was something that ordinary people would not know, but that revolution had very slightly, just a little, a wee bit, weakened. She felt like it had weakened.

Emilia: [Umm! It weakened!!]

She declared it in a loud voice, and it truly appeared like it had become like that.

Using the leeway that the ice Subarus had made for her, Emilia equipped her legs with thick-soled ice boots, placed the two arms of her airborne body on the ground, and met the oncoming Flying Winged Blade with her two legs.

Emilia was well-aware. ――That legs were just a little stronger than arms.

Emilia: [Hiyah, yaaah――!]

Firmly clenching her teeth, Emilia extended her knees using all of her might.

The direct impact from the Flying Winged Blade delivered a shock to Emilia’s entire body, and from head to toe, all the bones in her body were creaking. Firmly withstanding that, withstanding it, withstanding, she would withstand it to the end.

Fully extending her legs, which were experiencing resistance, even while crevices started to form in her ice boots, Emilia’s kick shot the Flying Winged Blade up into the sky.

Madelyn: [Wha!?]

It seemed like it was beyond Madelyn’s expectations for it to have been stopped, so she raised her voice in surprise. Facing that, Emilia got up and leaped, reaching her hand out to the Flying Winged Blade which had been kicked up.

She tightly grasped the edge of the Flying Winged Blade, and into that arm, she poured a considerable amount of strength.

Emilia: [This time… I’m returning the favor!]

The Flying Winged Blade was much heavier than it looked, but Emilia was also someone who possessed indomitable power.

It was difficult with a single arm, so she twisted her body in order to change to a two handed grip. From there, with all her might, she resolutely flung the Flying Winged Blade away with a “Hiyah!”.

Madelyn: [――Hk!]

Seeing the Flying Winged Blade flung away, Madelyn widened her eyes.

Receiving the vigor of rapid spinning, the Flying Winged Blade soared. Although it paled in comparison to when Madelyn had thrown it, the dangerous weapon still cut through the wind as it flew.

Flying, flying, flying―― towards an incorrect direction, it had flown away amazingly.

Emilia: [Ummm.]

Madelyn: […You, what the frig’, is your intention.]

Emilia: [I may have messed up…]

She was trying to return the favor and deal damage, but she was completely unable to handle the Flying Winged Blade well, so it had flown away. On the forehead of Madelyn, who had been angered by that, a vein had begun to bulge very quickly.

Immediately after, Madelyn’s cheeks stiffened, and she stepped forward in order to chase after the Flying Winged Blade which had flown away.

However――,

Emilia: [That’s a no-no!]

Then, Emilia, her hands outstretched, created a wall of ice ahead of where Madelyn was proceeding.

The wall of ice erected from the ground was thick, and she had also made it fairly long horizontally. Going around it or jumping over it, neither feat would be managed so easily.

She had not been able to utilize the Flying Winged Blade very well, but it would be dangerous if Madelyn were to wield it.

It was not as though that was her aim, but she thought that the current situation of it being at a distance was the most beneficial.

Emilia: [I’m sorry, but I can’t let you retrieve that weapon. If you are to continue, then it shall be without that.]

Madelyn: [――――]

Emilia: [If you surrender, I will properly accept that. Actually, if you do that, it would be reaaally helpful. What will you do? Will you continue?]

Emilia posed a question to the back of Madelyn, who cast her eyes downward as she faced the wall of ice.

If Madelyn, who had lost her weapon, were to surrender, that would be the best scenario. In order to get Madelyn to believe she was at a disadvantage, Emilia once again created the Natsuki Subarus of ice, which had once been annihilated, in her surroundings, and she crossed her arms as she stood.

Eight against one, this time, in a state without her weapon, Madelyn was in a much more unfavorable position.

With all this, then… , Emilia was enthusiastically thinking as such.

But alas――,

Madelyn: [――Why the frig’ do you think that I, the dragon, would give up?]

Muttering, Madelyn gently placed her hand on the wall of ice before her eyes.

Gazing at that gesture, Emilia reflexively caught her breath with an “Ah”. ――With a crack, the very moment that high-pitched noise reverberated, the entirety of the gigantic ice wall began to fissure with the pattern of a spiderweb.

The origin was naturally Madelyn’s palm, so the fissures that extended across the entire ice wall were centered on her.

Emilia had gone all out when creating that ice wall.

The hardness and density of the ice were just as previously mentioned, and even though it was not something that could be destroyed easily.

Emilia: [Madelyn, you…]

Madelyn: [When talking to you humans, this dragon’s head gets friggin’ weird. You, that healer, that senile old fool, all of you are in this dragon’s way…]

Emilia: [――――]

Turning her back, without revealing her downcast face, mixed into Madelyn’s trembling voice were complex and intricate emotions. Anger, sorrow, and all sorts of other things.

It seemed just as if Madelyn herself did not understand which of her own emotions was the strongest.

What she had spoken of were those who were in her way.

Of course, Emilia understood that she herself was in a position confronting Madelyn. Outside of Emilia, the ones she called a healer and a senile old fool, did they also happen to be her enemies?

As a dragonkin, as an ally of the Empire, Madelyn opposed Emilia and the others, and went on a rampage.

Emilia: [Madelyn, for what purpose do you fight?]

Madelyn: [――――]

At the question, Madelyn swayed her head to a tilt.

Her two black horns at a slant, Madelyn’s golden eyes stared at Emilia from above her shoulders. Though she was getting a horrifying, blood-curdling sensation, Emilia did not avert her gaze.

Going against the instinct to turn away, Emilia fixed her eyes on Madelyn.

Thinking about it now, she should have done it sooner, she should have tried to talk like this from the very start.

Both this time and last time, even though Madelyn, who was blocking in the way, had been brimming with fighting spirit, Emilia had gotten caught up in it, and suddenly begun an attack, but――,

Emilia: [If we can talk with each other, then I really think that talking is the best scenario. Madelyn, why do you fight? For the sake of whom?]

Madelyn: […What about you? Why?]

Emilia: [――――]

Wondering if it would really be necessary to say that, Emilia realized that Madelyn was trying to continue.

The fact that she had responded with that, was something very difficult for Emilia. The reason that Madelyn had given Emilia something she must speak of, that unfortunate occurrence was something which Emilia could not be prepared for.

If Emilia were to refuse her dialogue, and if the result of that refusal was claws being swung, Emilia would wield an ice weapon as expected, and would need to oppose Madelyn.

In that manner, upon Emilia’s cheeks stiffening,

Madelyn: [You, why do you resist? There’s no friggin’ chance you’ll come out victorious in resisting this dragon.]

Emilia: [――ah.]

Madelyn: [Why… do you… why do all of you friggin’ resist?]

That was the question posed from Madelyn’s side.

Unknowing of Emilia’s circumstances, she responded as such to words she should have brushed off.

On the contrary, being questioned about that, Emilia cautioned her own slow-mind.

She thought she could not respond with anything. However, it was not like that. Just as Madelyn had said, if Emilia could not get Madelyn to speak, then she herself should be the one to open up her heart first.

After all, this battlefield was harsh, so Emilia prioritized the things she herself wanted to do, and the things she herself wanted to say. But even so, at just this moment, for what reason did she think to try and have good manners?

Why, did she fight? For what reason, was she here?

The answer to all of that was――,

Emilia: [I came here to meet my treasured knight… No, everybody’s treasured knight.]

Saying that, Emilia touched the shoulder of one of the ice soldiers―― the imitations of Subaru, directly next to her. She thought she had made them well. She had replicated his hairstyle and “tracksuit” quite proficiently.

Though, no matter how well they imitated him, Subaru’s reliability could not be reproduced.

His positive words, his reliable attitude, his kindness which gave her delight, just about everything.

Natsuki Subaru’s Natsuki Subaru-ness, just thinking about it made Emilia’s chest grow pleasantly warm, and it was impossible for anyone except the person in question to possess.

Emilia: [He’s a reaaally treasured person. That person, and the girl who should be with that person, many people are awaiting their return, so that’s why I am here. For that purpose, I’m trying my very best.]

Madelyn: [――――]

Emilia: [The reason I fight, that’s it. Madelyn, what about you?]

She probably had someone, or something, which she wanted to protect.

If that was the case, they could make a promise to not hurt the other’s treasured thing, and they could probably stop fighting.

Subaru and Rem, it would open the path to reach the two who she wished to bring back.

Those hopes and wishes that Emilia held were――,

Madelyn: [――Balleroy Temeglyph.]

Emilia: […That, name is?]

Madelyn: [That… was the name of the man who was to be this dragon’s darling. ――He is this dragon’s entire reason for fighting.]

――They were betrayed by Madelyn, who fought for the sake of someone who had already been lost.

Emilia: [――――]

Hearing her voice lose all spirit, Emilia caught her breath.

She was unable to find the right words to say at the spur of the moment, and because she was not close enough to reach her hand out, Emilia could not make it in time.

For that reason――,

Madelyn: [――Kill the man who killed Balleroy. That is this dragon’s long-standing desire.]

A violent sound rang out, as Madelyn crushed the ice wall with her grip.

There was no other way to describe it than “crushed it with her grip”. She tightened her grip with the hand placed on the wall, and from there, the destruction spread throughout the entire ice wall; it had been shattered in one fell swoop.

Taking the Flying Winged Blade present on the other side, Madelyn looked to the figure facing her once more, and while Emilia digested those bitter feelings, she and the ice soldiers headed towards Madelyn.

Having lost someone dear to her, the dragonkin girl was desperate to fill the empty hole in her chest. Stepping forward to chase her, that was the moment.

Madelyn: [MEZOREIAAAAAAAA――!!]

Facing the sky as she bathed in the fragments of the shattered ice wall, Madelyn cried out.

As though it was ripping apart the sparkling ice shards as they danced down, the loud voice echoed throughout the sky of skies. Hearing that, Emilia’s eyes grew wide, and she looked to the sky.

The sound Madelyn had made, Emilia had heard it once before.

Her lips had previously spun that sound, and at the time when it was spun, at that time.

Emilia: [At that time, there was a reaaally big attack.]

A white corona rained down incessantly, and mowing down the Fortress City in the blink of an eye, the very terrain had been altered.

Since Emilia was together with Priscilla at that time, they were somehow able to defend against it. Supposing the same thing happened here, Emilia wondered if she would be able to stand a chance against it on her own.

That would be very difficult. Above the head of the panicked Emilia, the same thing did not occur.

However, despite the fact that the same thing had not occurred, Emilia could not greatly rejoice.

After all――,

???: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine dear child, I shalt become the wind from the heavenly skies.]

Spreading its wings of pure white, a body of colossal scale, clad in the very essence of an overcast sky―― The『Cloud Dragon』Mezoreia, invoked by Madelyn Eschart, swooped down upon the skies of the Imperial Capital.

Translation note

[1] – Utakata uses Be ̄ (べー) to refer to Beatrice; this also shares the sound and part of the name of the gesture called an Akanbe, where one pulls down the lower eyelid of one eye and sticks out their tongue. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akanbe for more info

--- Chapter 95: Enemies on all Bastions ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

At that moment, everyone on the battlefield caught sight of a being clad in clouds of pure white, having descended to above the ground.

Excessively magnificent and majestic, the transcendent being that, from the foundations of its existence, was in a completely different dimension from worthless mediocrity――Everyone understood that with just a glance.

???: [――That’s, a Dragon.]

Widening his emerald green eyes, Garfiel muttered beside the crumbled rampart.

After his fight to the death with Kafma Irulux ended, while taking rough breaths with his shoulders, just as he looked around searching for the battlefield where his next duty would be, that had happened.

In the distance, a colossal presence that made it look like the sky itself had fallen, had appeared on the battlefield where the most fighting spirits were flaring up in this Empire, at the decisive battle on the bastion which had been frozen white.

Garfiel: [Emilia-sama…]

Possessing a gate with absurd capacity, using her mana without needing to be subtle, taking the heat away from the world was undoubtedly the work of Emilia getting serious.

The five bastions of the ramparts, if she was fighting an enemy guarding one of them, their opponent would be a Divine General or a being of equal strength, even at the minimum, that opponent would be on the same level as Kafma.

Even though that alone was enough for them to be an enemy he did not want to make Emilia fight, it had been particularly absurd that the additional fighting force that had appeared there was a mythical being.

Garfiel: [Did th’ Flying Dragon General call ‘em down? Shit, I gotta get her outta there right now…!]

Gnashing his fangs, Garfiel decided in his heart to shift battlefields.

Emilia fighting, and letting Emilia fight, were simply not connected. Emilia herself would probably object, but letting her fight was a distressing decision for the camp.

Originally, Emilia should have been in a position overseeing everything from a place without concern for injury.

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self wouldn’t be able to face Captain.]

It was natural that Emilia would not want to leave the whole situation to someone else.

He thought that narrow-sightedness, in a good sense, and thoughtfulness were desirable traits. But, he could not permit all of that, and could not let her do what she wanted.

It went without saying that Garfiel was a military officer of the Emilia camp, and his role was to repel all the sparks that rained down on the camp, and defeat the enemies standing in their way.

Garfiel: [――――]

Closing his eyes, Garfiel quietly ascertained his own condition.

He got severely wounded from his battle with Kafma, his entire body had been mangled, his insides had been spread outwards, he had burned his own body to kill the “insects” that had nested there, and yet Garfiel was still alive and well.

It was a situation where the only thing he had to boast about was that he was alive and well.

Garfiel: [It may be exaggeratin’ to say I’m full of life… but I’ll do it.]

Even now, he was absorbing power through the soles of his feet planted on the earth, and through invoking healing magic with all of his might, Garfiel’s body healed at a furious pace, both inside and out.

Normally, this would be a load on the body that could potentially reduce his life span, but the events in the Watergate City forced Garfiel to break out of his shell, both physically and mentally.

Though it was not visible, Garfiel tore through the shell that was certainly there, and stood tall.

With the steam rising from his many bloody wounds, as if his body were truly blazing hot, Garfiel settled his resolve to face the Dragon in the distance.

Garfiel: [Everyone! My amazin’ self tore down the rampart! Hurry the fuck up and get yer asses in there!!]

Opening his mouth, Garfiel howled at the group of rebels who were watching him from afar.

They were the group that had challenged Kafma before Garfiel, and were mowed down. Although a considerable number of them, including those wounded but supported by their comrades, should still be capable of functioning as a fighting force, but they had all stayed away from Garfiel and Kafma’s battlefield, and remained motionless even after the battle had been concluded.

There were those that might say that this was just because they were overwhelmed by Garfiel and Kafma’s battle.

However, it was not just that.

???: [You’re the one who broke through the rampart! So, you should be the first to go through!]

Garfiel: [――――]

???: [Brave warrior, we respect your might! No one, whoever they may be, would dare to desecrate that.]

One of the Centaur People had thus gallantly answered Garfiel’s words.

Having defeated Kafma, Garfiel deserved to be the first to climb over the ramparts. That was why they had stopped, and fixedly waited for him to cross over the rampart.

It seemed that this was not his opinion alone, but the opinion of everyone who saw the duel just prior. Those who started the battle for selfish reasons, hidden within them was the historic warrior’s pride.

It seemed that in their judgment, Garfiel’s way of fighting had been radiant.

Their consideration, in and of itself, was heart-warming, but――,

Garfiel: [My bad, but there’s somewhere my fuckin’ amazin’ self has gotta go. This ain’t the “Whipfrock who came back”. ――It’s the one over there.]

Garfiel jerked his chin towards the white Dragon reigning over the distant sky.

In both the Pleiades Watchtower and the Fortress City of Guaral, there had been opportunities to meet one. Garfiel had continued to let them get away due to his poor timing, and he was finally in a position to take on a Dragon.

It was not that he wanted to fight it. It was an opponent that must be fought.

Rebels: [――――]

After seeing Garfiel’s gesture, the rebels also gasped at the sight of the white Dragon.

It was a matter of course, but they had also become aware of its existence. Fearing that, though it was the unusual spirit of the Imperial citizens to not bend their knees or hang their heads, whether or not they would challenge it was a different matter.

Garfiel would challenge it. Therefore――,

Garfiel: [I’ll leave crossin’ the rampart to you guys.]

If the rebels crossed over the collapsed rampart and surged into the Imperial Capital, the situation would change.

If all five bastions were defended by the greatest military powers of the Empire, then there was also the possibility that the defenses were thin in the area around Emperor Vincent Vollachia, who should be in the Crystal Palace.

There was a possibility that a literal decisive blow could be fired through the big hole that he had opened in this rampart.

Garfiel: [That’s why――]

After handing over the vanguard of the attack on the Imperial Capital to the rebels, Garfiel would begin his battle with the white menace.

Then, it had happened when he had been about to embark towards the bastion where the Dragon was.

――Garfiel shuddered as all the hairs on his body stood on end.

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

Free from obstructive thoughts. He was free from obstructive thoughts.

Without hesitation, without question, following the sensation that his brain had brought to his attention, he unleashed a blow using the full force of his body.

The backhand blow of steel that was able to shatter rock, striking the wind dead, about to hit what lay ahead of his instincts――,

???: [――Oh, so ya can see through my invisibility. Isn’t that a bit dangerous?]

Such a hoarse voice could be heard from beyond his strong fist.

Garfiel: [Kah.]

That instant, his backhand blow should have hit the shadow behind him.

Undoubtedly, there was a sensation of something touching the surface of his gauntlet. Nevertheless, a bitter sound escaped his own mouth, and Garfiel stared in shock as his thoughts were struck by that impact.

The impact had struck him in the back. Someone’s small foot or toe was perfectly placed on Garfiel’s back. An absurd kick――No, that was wrong.

???: [That was entirely yer own punch. I just let it pass through my body, and returned it to ya.]

A voice answered his doubt, and every bone in Garfiel’s body creaked as his eyes widened.

Whether it was true or a lie, Garfiel’s vision was greatly shaken as his internal organs and brain were jolted by the force equivalent to his blow using the full force of his body. Cuts, bruises, broken bones, and ruptured organs could all be healed immediately.

Even if he could not fully heal, he could bring it to a point where he could move through sheer force.

However, an attack that resonated throughout the core of his body could not be negated.

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

At the numbness of his whole body, he gritted his teeth, and Garfiel’s entire being was on alert for a follow-up attack. He moved his limbs, which were slow to react, and somehow managed to protect the vital points of his neck and head.

However, the follow-up he feared did not come.

Instead, what was done with the time for that follow-up was containment.

???: [Actually, it’d be a pain in the ass if they got past the wall and went inside.]

With a sigh mixed into his words, the pained cries of ten people rang out at once.

Exhorting his collapsed knees, what filled Garfiel’s vision as he raised his head was the group of rebels which had accepted his command and were moving to push their way into the Imperial Capital. Those lined up at the vanguard of their formation had fallen.

Centaur people, and beastmen, had their lives taken away in an instant by having black iron flying blades――throwing blades called kunai, punctured into their foreheads and chests.

Even if he were to rush in and cast a healing spell, he would not make it in time. It was an attack that caused instant death.

As warriors, they must have also had the ability to take on the Imperial Capital. Even if they were not as good as a General like Kafma――

???: [If ya die, you’re a small fry. What does it matter if you’re a warrior?]

Garfiel: [――――]

???: [Kakakakka! Yer eyes look like ya aren’t too pleased, youngster. You’re also the one who busted down the rampart, aren’t ya? Ya know, it’s real troublin’ when dangerous guys keep coming out one after the other, isn’t it?]

The small shadow laughed with an open mouth and ran a finger through his long white eyebrows as he spoke.

At last, Garfiel kicked off the ground with his foot, and filling his vision as he moved in, was an old man even shorter than Garfiel, who himself was considered to be short.

However, an old man of small stature was not a very fitting description of this monster.

Garfiel: [Damn you…!]

???: [Oh, wait, wait, I’ll be yer opponent in a bit. Uh, there we go.]

Garfiel: [Huh?]

Garfiel glared at him with hostility, his hair standing on end, but the old man stuck out his arm, his right hand missing from the wrist, to hold him back.

Garfiel raised an eyebrow at the missing arm, and the old man shook his leg at the same time.

A moment later, not knowing what he had done, a horizontal sweeping kick drew a deep line in the earth. It also split the space between Garfiel, the old man, and the rebels behind him.

And then, the old man turned to the rebels on the other side of the line and told them.

???: [Try stepping over that line ta get over here. You’re all gonna die.]

Rebels: [――Hk.]

???: [My my, it’s a relief that ya guys are so attentive. I want the the young peeps of my village to learn from ya. Lately, they’ve been disobeyin’ me every time when I say something. I’m the village chief, aren’t I?]

Shrugging his thin shoulders, the old man chuckled, showing his white teeth.

It was an attitude of not caring at all about the threat he had made to the rebels just prior to this moment. However, everyone here was made to understand instinctively that the threat was neither a lie nor anything else.

Garfiel also understood. ――Just who the old man in front of him was.

Garfiel: [The Vicious Old Man… Olbart Dunklekenn, ain’t ya?]

Olbart: [I say this every time someone calls me that, but I really don’t like it. It’s like slander, isn’t it?]

Garfiel: [――. What the fuck do ya think yer doin’ here?]

Towards the old man tilting his head―― towards Olbart, Garfiel posed that question.

Olbart appeared carefree and natural, which was why Garfiel could not let his guard down in the slightest. Olbart stood behind Garfiel without any sign of his presence.

Right here, in the middle of this plain with good visibility.

Garfiel: [――――]

It would still be understandable if he were out of sight, hiding behind a building, and approaching stealthily.

Even still, that was more than enough of a threat, in that case, he could be satisfied with the events that took place. However, how could he perceive a being that intruded into this space without a hint of a presence?

Though, he was a being that could not be perceived as anything but a threat.

Before the trembling Garfiel, Olbart raised an eyebrow with his unchanging attitude and let out a “Ho?”,

Olbart: [Why am I here, ya ask? Isn’t that how it always was? Even though it’s our job ta keep the rebels out, Kafma had the nerve ta be a failure, and now I hafta clean up his mess.]

Stating that, the old man pointed out Kafma lying on the ground with his arm missing a hand. Then, with an “Oops,” he retracted his right arm and pointed correctly with his left instead.

Olbart: [I drew the short end of the stick, seriously. That’s why I told ‘em that it would be dangerous if they didn’t bring out Chisha or call back Groovy, but sure enough, he had the nerve to lose.]

Garfiel: [Sure enough? Old man, you ain’t got the fuckin’ right to laugh at this guy.]

Olbart: [Ho?]

Olbart closed one eye and looked displeased. In order to obstruct the old man’s gaze, Garfiel wedged his way in between Olbart and Kafma, and exhaled a heated breath.

Kafma was an enemy. That would not change, but no one was qualified to speak about how Kafma fought except Garfiel, who had exchanged fists with him head-on.

Garfiel: [This guy was fuckin’ strong. My amazin’ self was just stronger.]

Olbart: [――? Well, ya I know that from just looking, yeah? I’m not gonna try and deny that, ya know. So just what are ya trying ta say, you?]

Garfiel: [I’m sayin’ I don’t like yer damn attitude! Is that how ya talk to a fellow General on yer own side!? Huh!?]

Opening his mouth wide, Garfiel snapped back with a howl. At the ferocious roar, Olbart frowned, and tilted his head.

Seeming like he was truly doubtful, the old man continued, “Do ya know?”,

Olbart: [I’m a General First-Class, Kafma’s a General Second-Class. We’re not even remotely the same.]

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

Unapologetically, Olbart’s remarks were just conveying the obvious facts. Garfiel’s pupils narrowed as he felt an incomprehensible gap.

The moment the carnivorous beast determined his prey, he raised his tail and pounced on the old man.

He felt like he should pay respect to Kafma. However, he did not feel that for the enemy before his eyes.

The old man, too, neither wanted it nor would he give it.

Within battle, the things he placed value in differed to his opponent, and recognizing that――,

Garfiel: [I’ll fuckin’ crush ya!!]

His arms, both raised overhead, closed in on Olbart.

With a strong arm that could not measure by feel, he wondered if it was different from when he smashed the ramparts, and it probably exceeded all the might he had used then; he had put enough destructive power into it so that it was more than enough to destroy that small old body.

Then, without letting him get away, his arms smashed into Olbart’s head.

Boom, the impact of the crash shook the earth, and a cloud of dust ascended from the smashed ground as if there had been an explosion. The dust rained down upon the heads of the rebels who had been stopped by Olbart.

Perhaps, Olbart would be smashed to pieces after being struck by so much firepower.

However――,

Garfiel: [Wha… Hk.]

Garfiel’s eyes widened at the sight before his eyes.

Before him, Garfiel’s fists slammed into Olbart’s head from both sides, as if sandwiching him. There was a definite impact and resistance, which Garfiel felt through the recoil in his arms.

Despite this, the old man, with his head caught between Garfiel’s fists, showed his white teeth and laughed, and then,

Olbart: [Incredible, isn’t it? I just released the power of yer attack onto the ground.]

Garfiel: [――Ah.]

Olbart: [Well, the ground exploded ‘cause you’ve got some dangerous arm strength, though.]

Immediately after finishing his words, the old man’s face, trapped between his fists, slipped out from under. Garfiel followed him with his gaze, but,

Garfiel: [Gugh!?]

As his eyes followed Olbart, who should have slipped below, an impact struck the top of his head.

Even though Olbart should have crouched down, something had hit him from above.

Olbart: [Up when ya think it’s down, down when ya think it’s up, that’s the basics, the basics.]

Garfiel: [Ga, AAAAAHH――!!]

At the crouched Olbart’s flippant words, Garfiel furiously swung his fists downwards. They thrust into Olbart’s head of gray hair.

That moment, a sharp impact pierced the back of Garfiel’s head, his back, and his buttocks.

Garfiel’s fist, swinging downwards, whiffed, and struck the ground with a tremendous impact.

Instead, the voice of Olbart, who disappeared in an instant, was heard from directly above.

Olbart: [That’s why, if ya think I‘m below ya, I’ll be above. Those who don’t learn’ll be left behind, ya know?]

Exerting his body, he faced the voice and raised his arms overhead. The moment his fingertips caught hold of something, Garfiel swung it down forcefully, trying to smash it into the ground.

Smashing it into the ground, preventing its movement, and then struck it with all his might. He thought that if the feet were separated, then acrobatics like the ones before would not be possible――,

Garfiel: [――――]

The appeal from his fighting instincts ceased when he realized that it was not Olbart within the grasp of his fingers, but Kafma’s body that the old man had thrown over Garfiel’s head.

Stopping his movement to throw the body to the ground, Garfiel’s lips quivered.

At that instant――,

Olbart: [Listen here, you, why do ya think there are fifty Second-Class Generals and only nine First-Class Generals? ――It’s ‘cause we’re so stupidly strong.]

The voice and shock bore into Garfiel’s head from both left and right.

△▼△▼△▼△

――As a massive flame descended, that wrath of the sky intended to consume the world in its entirety.

It gave Yorna the illusion that the world was being dyed in red before her eyes.

If one could greatly rouse its wrath, the world would probably take out all of the anger it had saved up to this point on that single individual.

The ground had already been turned to scorched earth, and the rebels and plants were all burned with the same method. That devastating firepower rained down upon them to scorch them down to their entrails the same way the corpses had been.

However, facing that, Yorna made not even the slightest movement, and,

Yorna: [――Yang Sword.]

Priscilla: [My my, making your daughter use such a terribly rough thing.]

The sound spun by Yorna’s lips was the signal for the treasured sword of deep crimson to swing vertically.

It was a beautiful sword that would capture the eyes of those who saw it, burn their hearts, and even captivate their souls. That bewitching nature was only an accessory to the treasured sword, it was not even a sliver of its original purpose.

In other words, when it fulfilled its original reason for existing, the brilliance of the treasured sword would become even stronger.

Yorna: [――――]

The Yang Sword, the tip of which was swung vertically upward to intercept the tremendous fire that was raining down upon them.

That instant, the mighty flames that had permeated their vision disappeared. ――It was not that they were cut away. Quite literally, they had disappeared as if they had never even existed.

Priscilla: [My Yang Sword burns what I wish to burn and slashes only what I wish to slash.]

That logic was far too violent, far too irrational, and far too absurd of an imposition.

However, that sight had materialized before her eyes, and the inferno that seemed like it could destroy even the world vanished.

Pouring in an appropriate amount of power, she had released that great firepower with the intention to dampen their first move, but at the sight of its erasure with a single swing of a sword, even their opponent was not able to stay calm――,

Priscilla: [Do not look down on her, for that is the Spirit Eater.]

Regardless of whether it was an explanation or a warning, it was impolite, and with those words Priscilla’s figure flew to the right.

Similar to Priscilla, flying to the opposing left, was Yorna――In between the two of them, a massive flash flood rushed through.

Yorna: [――Hk.]

It was as if the entire contents of a well had been unleashed, and Yorna, while successfully evading, felt that her enemy――that Arakiya had heightened her capabilities above her previous impression.

This was not the first time Yorna had fought Arakiya.

They had previously crossed paths just once before, during an “uprising” considered to be brought about by Yorna.

At that time, Vollachia’s strongest was looming behind Arakiya, and the stage was set in Chaosflame, where Yorna herself was in a perfect position to face them, so the preconditions were already variously different.

Of course, Yorna was serious about fighting, but her true intentions at the time were not really serious about killing them.

During past uprisings, especially the one which resulted in a clash with Arakiya, Yorna’s goal was retribution against those who had meddled with the residents of the Demon City, and to make known the righteousness of doing so.

In other words, her objective was a kind of protest, and Vincent, who faced her across the board, must have been aware of this intention, and it was a clash in which a reconciliation seemed possible.

However, Arakiya was unaware of those circumstances at that time, and probably did not hold back in her fight against Yorna.

Since then, Yorna had assumed that Arakiya’s strength completely surpassed those of the other troops, and so she was expected to serve as a stand-alone force comparable to an army.

However, that perception was not only incorrect, but also naive.

Yorna: [So, disregarding Old Man Olbart, is this what it means to be the Second?]

Letting that out together with a long sigh, Yorna glanced behind――through the pressure of the unleashed water, the land itself had been split vertically all the way until the horizon.

She understood the rationale that pressurized water posed a threat.

However, when she saw how extraordinary it was, Yorna rolled up the sleeves of her kimono.

In preparation for the decisive battle, she had worn her favorite kimono.

Even so, she wondered if it would be possible to stop Arakiya’s blow.

Yorna: [Before, you only used fire, so you had burned one half of my city to the ground, but…]

In one breath, Arakiya had burned one half of her city, and today, she also burned the rebels to nothing by the ramparts.

Arakiya had assumed that a defensive line of fire, which was well-suited to stone structures, and a battlefield where one did not need to pay attention to one’s surroundings, would be convenient for her, and that she had no reason to change her battle strategy now.

Priscilla: [This idea was also planted in your head, though it would have been so much more charming if it had not been directed towards mineself.]

After saying so, Priscilla kicked off the ground, and closed in on Arakiya.

With one of the bastions of the star-fortress behind her, as if to protect it, Arakiya flew through the air, her legs ablaze below the knees.

Even just the unrelenting firepower that rained down from high above was enough of a threat.

First, Arakiya needed to be lured down to an approachable position.

Priscilla: [Dear Mother!]

Yorna: [――Hk, got it!]

Priscilla shouted as she rushed through, causing a momentary disturbance within Yorna.

She had yet to obtain a proper sense of the intimacy between her and her now-reunited daughter. Rather, she was doubtful of Priscilla’s pompous attitude toward her mother, who had changed appearance.

Since they parted when she was a suckling infant, she had no way of knowing how Priscilla was raised.

Yorna: [Dance.]

Taking the Kiseru out of her mouth, Yorna swung the tip of it and struck the ground with her thick-soled shoe.

Then, in front of the advancing Priscilla, the trembling earth slowly peeled up and rose to become a foothold to support Priscilla’s path.

Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique also worked on inorganic objects.

However, it was a system in which the strength of its efficacy was proportional to the amount of time and devotion she had put into it. Therefore, she had an apprehension. ――How much could she really love the land where she had spent time with the man she loved?

Though, the results were clear.

Priscilla: [Your work was for a great cause.]

Leaving her mother with a statement that did not make her feel like a mother, Priscilla hopped to the footholds directly in front of her.

Of course, the footholds did not stop there; they emerged one after another to create a path towards Arakiya. A single straight path would be targeted, so she continued to take the consideration to create multiple paths.

Because of that――,

Arakiya: [――Nuisance.]

As Arakiya swung her arm holding the branch, the great wind that was released completely uprooted the floating earth and mowed down all the paths.

Rather than a storm, the great wind was powerful enough to be equivalent to being hit by a giant palm, and the force of it was such that even Priscilla could have been completely crushed by it if it hit her directly.

Priscilla: [To drive that into mineself so mercilessly, would you not miss mine beauty?]

Arakiya: [I’ve made up my mind. Even if you lose your limbs, Princess is still Princess.]

Priscilla: [Would it not be more accurate to say your mind has been made up for you?]

Narrowing her eyes, Priscilla hit Arakiya with those words as she descended from high in the sky.

Just before the great wind mowed down the foothold, Priscilla quickly escaped into the sky. She barely managed to avoid being hit by the wind, a feat of sheer perception, but she was still vulnerable to a second blow.

Truly erasing the hesitation from her eyes, Arakiya took aim at Priscilla’s limbs as she was forced to fall, and raised her arm in a merciless attempt to take away her fighting ability.

And then――,

Yorna: [I would be troubled if you forgot about me.]

Flying up from directly below, Yorna’s kick was delivered towards Arakiya, who was preoccupied with Priscilla being above her head.

Yorna’s long legs thrust upward, as her meticulously maintained thick soles, which she treasured greatly over time, followed her decisive blow.

Priscilla: [It is unbecoming of someone your age to be more eye-catching than mineself.]

Synchronizing with Yorna’s kick, Priscilla swung the Yang Sword held overhead straight down. Arakiya had been caught in a cross-generational pincer attack of mother and daughter.

In perfect unison, the two enchanting strikes worthy of self-praise struck each other. ――Yes, they had struck each other.

Priscilla & Yorna: [――Hk!?]

The strike that should have caught Arakiya was bereft of a hit reaction, rather, the expected impact had been slightly off and produced a solid sound instead.

From the look of it, the thick sole of Yorna’s upwards kick collided with nothing other than the blade of the Yang Sword Priscilla had swung down.

Their pincer attack had missed this crucial opponent and they had rather astoundingly struck each other instead.

What was more surprising was that the collision of both Yorna and Priscilla’s attacks had been inside Arakiya’s seemingly flickering body.

Yorna: [It, passed through her?]

Priscilla: [How impudent.]

Immediately after Yorna’s astonishment and Priscilla’s irritation spilled over simultaneously, Arakiya’s body, having seemingly taken in both attacks, glowed white, as a counterattack was unleashed.

It was as if Arakiya’s whole body exploded――No, it had, in fact, exploded.

Arakiya’s body scattered into rays of white light, dispersing with terrifying force spread in every direction like buckshot, hitting Yorna and Priscilla like a fountain of water.

Yorna: [Kuh … ―!]

In an instant, Yorna gathered the fine pieces of whirled up dirt by the previous gale, and clad herself and Priscilla in a cloud of dust.

Rather than “cladding” them in clothing that stuck to the body, it was a delicate technique that circulated around one’s figure at high speed to repel attacks.

If Arakiya’s buckshot merely had the firepower one would discern at first glance, this would have sufficiently reduced its power.

However――,

Yorna: [――Hk!!]

Easily penetrating the cloak of earth, Arakiya’s rays had pierced Yorna and Priscilla.

Blown away by the impact, Yorna dropped to the ground while screaming in agony. With all her strength, she instantly burrowed her stretched out feet in the ground to avoid an unsightly fall.

She could not afford to collapse, much less miserably falling on her back.

Yorna: [To lose the ones in love with me … ]

The weight of the soul Yorna held was sustained by the presence of those that loved her.

Therefore, Yorna needed to respond to said love with all her might. To respond to love was not something to be done half-heartedly.

She must aspire to be appropriate in her movements, speech, conduct, and even emotions.

Whether it was in everyday life, in the bedroom, or in the middle of a battle, it was all the same.

――With a faint bang, the hairpin that held Yorna’s hair in place shattered. Hanging on which were ornaments made of layering scales.

Priscilla: [Was that a gift from someone? Dear Mother.]

Yorna: [――. It was a gift from my beloved children.]

Shattered; Yorna caught the pieces of dust from the hair ornament with her fingers, and gently gazed upon them.

Most of the items that Yorna wore were gifts. Her kimono, footwear, and even her hair ornaments, be they woven, carved or molded, the inhabitants of the Demon City had gone to great lengths to craft these beautiful items with their own hands, which became imbued with the souls of their creators.

The ones that received Yorna’s love received the capability to be crushed on her behalf to protect her in return.

Yorna: [You too?]

Priscilla: [Unfortunately, I do not boast the same fidelity as you, Dear Mother; merely what I have had on hand from the very beginning, the tribute from my already late husband.]

Saying this, Priscilla gently displayed her ear. In this motion, it was revealed that the green jeweled earring that should have been there had disappeared.

She too, had transferred her life force to those she loved, providing her a longer life.

Yorna: [Your husband? Priscilla, you also——]

Priscilla: [What a meek expression to make. These missing earrings, I received them from my fourth husband, I believe.]

Yorna: [Fourth…]

Priscilla: [Eight times I was bestowed a husband. Of course, that does not rival you, Dear Mother.]

At Priscilla, callously stating this unexpected answer, Yorna’s mouth was left agape from the shock. However, this shock was negated by Priscilla’s grasp of the radiant Yang Sword.

That strange phenomenon from earlier was.

Yorna: [Priscilla, if that is the Yang Sword, then it should be able to reach any opponent. Provided, their soul hasn’t been severed by the Life Sword…]

Priscilla: [Even without you telling me, Dear Mother, I am painstakingly aware of that. However, there is something you are mistaken about.]

Yorna: [Mistaken?]

Priscilla: [My Yang Sword burns what I wish to burn and slashes only what I wish to slash.]

Saying that, Priscilla slowly raised the tip of her Yang Sword.

What assembled beyond the tip of the Yang Sword, as Yorna followed it with her gaze, was Arakiya, scattered white light forming her figure little-by-little.

Reflecting the nature of the Spirit they had devoured, the Spirit Eaters were said to be able to house the strength they possessed in their bodies—— While the true nature of this rare ability was unknown, the capability for its capabilities to be expanded upon was remarkable.

Just now, the principle behind transforming light into a body—— by thinking it through, it became clear.

The Yang Sword that slashed what it wanted to slash, a treasured sword that could reach all things.

Priscilla: [——Is that fire, water, or wind? If that becomes indistinguishable from light or shadow, there is no doubt that it becomes difficult, even if I can still reach you.]

Arakiya: [————]

Priscilla’s crimson eyes narrowed, meeting the gaze of Arakiya whose eyes were the same color.

The owner of the Yang Sword that could reach all things, and the transcendent being, possessing the ability to transform into anything, confronting each other——.

Yorna: [I see, you were raised with quite a troublesome opponent.]

Had this been Chaosflame, Yorna may have been able to properly take down Arakiya.

But, this was not Chaosflame, and Yorna was hardly at full strength.

Therefore, the one to deliver the decisive blow was not Yorna but——,

Priscilla: [At any time, it is I who resides at the center of the stage after all.]

The girl blazing red as the sun, who turned any hardships she faced into sustenance for herself, smiled graciously.

That smile was dazzling, even for Yorna who stood alongside her.

Set ablaze by Priscilla’s dazzle, if there was only a single being capable of remaining in her vicinity without being scorched to naught, for that being to be Arakiya, standing in Priscilla’s path, what an ironic twist of fate it was.

△▼△▼△▼△

——Otto Suwen sensed a change in the direction of the wind.

At first it was a hunch, then it changed into an omen to be received, and finally it became a conviction.

The war situation that was gradually and slowly changing, moving, and tilting——As Otto opened the channels that were supposed to be kept closed and immersed himself in the task of picking up all kinds of “voices”, he was fluxing in a sense of omnipotence, as if he himself was at one with the world, and was fleeting.

Things that could only be found in such a situation were submerged in an overwhelming vortex of information. In order to retrieve them, one must dive deeper and deeper――,

???: [——Otto-san!]

Otto: [——Hk.]

A voice from outside of his consciousness was heard very close by, and at the same time, a thirsting shock destroyed the whirlpool of “voices”.

It was as if a water tank had been broken and the water inside flowed out, as if grains of sand had been scooped up from a sandbox and spilled out through the cracks between one’s fingers; the “voices” escaped.

Though he felt empty without it, and finding himself regretful,

Otto: [Oh, my… Thank you for saving my life, Petra-chan…]

Petra: [You had a horrible complexion right now… Please wipe up your nosebleed.]

Otto: [Oh, that is a big help… I feel like I am bleeding just as much, though I am not fighting.]

Otto took the offered handkerchief and squeezed it against his nose.

The dripping blood was wetting the grass beneath his feet, and he was acutely aware of the heavy load that using his Divine Protection beyond its limits was putting on him. In fact, the amount of blood that had been spilled was seemingly no joke to him.

As expected, it was not as bad as when his legs were carved in Pristella, though.

Otto: [It comes quite a bit, if I try to dive far and deep…]

Petra: [Am I not being helpful?]

Otto: [No, if it was not for Petra’s support, it would probably be worse. The exhaustion of the interior of my head… I guess I should call it brain fatigue. And that is because it is pretty heavy.]

It was difficult for them to understand each other, even among those who possessed Divine Protections, but the way in which Divine Protections placed a burden on their users varied greatly depending on their effects. For example, the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion possessed by a ground dragon was almost a perfect type of Divine Protection with no flaws, except for the drastic difference in its burden between when it was deployed and when it was not.

Garfiel’s Divine Protection of Earth Spirits also had a positive effect while he was standing on the ground, but at the same time, it placed a high burden on his body in order to maintain his physical well-being.

It just happened that Garfiel was physically strong, so he was not affected by the negative effects, but if a normal human were to possess it, they would need to regularly take breaks and relieve the burden on their body by lifting their legs from the ground.

From that perspective, Otto’s Divine Protection of the Soul of Language focused the majority of its burden on his brain.

Since the brain converted the “voices” of living beings that entered through his ears into voices that Otto could understand, it was natural for the burden to be concentrated there.

Otto was trying to pick up the “voices” that were normally kept closed off and grasp all the sounds he could hear.

Therefore, he asked for Petra to use her freshly learned yang magic to physically strengthen Otto’s body, focusing particularly on his head.

For a skilled warrior, it was said that physical strengthening through mana was done naturally, but in this case it was being done through external interference.

Of course, even with the functions of one’s head being strengthened with yang magic, Emilia’s intuition would not suddenly become as sharp as Ram’s. The expectation was that Petra’s yang magic would improve Otto’s endurance, rather than the functions of his brain.

By strengthening the capabilities of his brain, Petra would allow Otto to keep the channels open for longer, much like how improving cardiovascular function would allow someone to stay underwater for longer.

Without Petra’s cooperation, the results would have been less than half of what they were then, without a doubt.

Otto: [That said, there are many times when I almost get too greedy and try to go deeper…]

Petra: [If I feel like you’re in somewhat danger, I can just give you a slap to the best of my power, right?]

Otto chuckled at Petra, practicing her slap with reassuring readiness.

In fact, if Otto was in danger, it was in his best interest to have Petra pull him back. The fastest and surest way to do this was to forcibly disconnect the channel.

As he followed the sound of a “voice”, he would begin to lose track of his own position.

Of course, the “voice” that Otto focused on naturally when he talked to Petra was the correct one, but if he lost sight of that connection, he would probably lose his ability to recognize languages.

If the closest voice became unrecognizable, Otto would have to keep the channel open forever in order to communicate with anyone. ――If this were to happen, it would be easy to see a future in which even the mere sound of the wind or the rustling of clothes would be perceived as a “voice” and Otto would lose his sanity.

Otto: [When it becomes so, I too will become a member of the people who have lost their lives because of their Divine Protection like many others who had this same Divine Protection.]

Though he was lucky enough to be able to overcome his childhood without dying, now he would lose his established self due to his own decision to open the channel.

Too many pitfalls in the way of life of a bearer of a Divine Protection.

Though it could be said that the more difficult the path was, the more rewarding it was――.

Petra: [So, what happened?]

Otto: […The first and second bastions are useless. There is no one left that I can listen to. The first was burned to the ground, and the second… that is Emilia-sama’s.]

Petra: [Ah, Emilia-neesama…]

Petra reacted with a complicated face at Otto who was muttering with a handkerchief on his nose.

The first bastion was guarded by Arakiya, one of the highest-ranking members of the Nine Divine Generals. Her power, wielded through her Spirit, had burnt the entire field, causing the “voices” of all living things that Otto could have heard to be completely destroyed.

If birds, small animals, or insects had not survived, then even if Otto had opened up his channels, there would have been no “voices” for him to pick up in the first place.

Petra: [If the field is burnt, wouldn’t the ground beneath the surface be fine?]

Otto: [Even if they have survived, underground creatures often do not speak. Besides, as I told Petra-chan, the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language is…]

Petra: [It only allows you to understand the speech of audible creatures, it doesn’t make your ears better.]

Otto: [That is right.]

Otto nodded emphatically at Petra’s words, who was leaning in front of him.

As Petra had just said, Otto’s Divine Protection of the Soul of Language was only able to understand the “voices” he heard and allowed him to converse with others who spoke a different language.

In other words, the Divine Protection could not be employed properly unless living beings were in a location where their “voices” could be heard.

Petra’s application of her yang magic to strengthen Otto’s head also played a role here.

By having his hearing and listening abilities enhanced, he was able to pick up “voices” over a wider range than usual.

However――,

Otto: [There is no chance for the first and second bastions anymore. They were burnt by Arakiya and frozen by Emilia-sama, respectively.]

Petra: [E-Emilia-neesama isn’t as malicious as to do that!]

Otto: [I know. And even if Emilia-sama had not done anything, the reaction from the others at the second bastion was already quite negative. ――Probably because the other creatures were afraid of the dragonkin.]

Petra’s way of saying that malice did not exist in Emilia, rather than Emilia having no malicious intent, had been a perfectly fitting way for Petra to put it.

Since there was no malice present in Emilia, there was no way to display any. Regardless, with such shared views aside, Petra’s advocacy was also deceptively true.

The guardian of the second bastion was Madelyn Eschart, the dragonkin who had almost plunged the Fortress City into a state of total destruction――and was part of a demi-human race so exceedingly rare, people questioned its very existence.

Since the dragonkin were related to the Dragons, which reigned at the pinnacle of all existence, they were feared by animals, no matter how large or small, leaving them no choice but to flee.

Emilia lowering the temperatures in the area to extremely cold degrees conveyed the impression of a last-ditch effort.

Anyway――,

Otto: [――As for the fifth bastion, Garfiel should handle it well. The fourth bastion is under constant attack by a group of Glow People. As instructed, the Weaponkin and Cyclops Tribe survivors will join them there.]

Petra: [And at the third, the Shudraqian people joined the other groups fighting the stone golems. What about the other way around the bastions you wanted to explore?]

Otto: [It looks like there is a direct path from the first bastion to the castle that had been filled up ahead of time somehow. I am unexpectedly getting sick of Abel-san guessing correctly.]

Petra: [But since someone doesn’t have to go and check it out, we can make the next move faster.]

After bringing the mental image of the “voice” distribution in order, he compared it with the map Petra spread out in front of him. Otto added the information he had just obtained to the map, which already had a number of characters drawn on it, and Petra assigned arrows and other markers to it.

With brain fatigue and even a strange feeling of heaviness, as if warm water was accumulating within his head, Petra’s presence was critical in pulling together these visually unshareable images.

For the Emilia camp, Petra’s inclusion might have been the most significant. At the very least, Otto took it as Subaru’s greatest achievement that Petra was here now.

Otto: [Since Natsuki-san is the reason we are doing this, it balances out to zero, but…]

With a deep, bloody breath forced out of his nose, Otto checked to see if his nasal passages were still open. Petra’s handkerchief was already stained with Otto’s blood.

Assuming he would buy a new handkerchief later and give it to her, Otto slowly got to the point of switching to a different channel.

There was――,

???: [――Otto-chin! Petra-chan!]

Otto: [Ah, Medium-chan.]

A small figure ran to them in the meadow, waving her hands in a wide arc.

Her long blonde hair danced in the air as she ran restless across the battlefield. She ran in a straight line to Otto and Petra.

Medium: [You’ve been very helpful, Otto-chin! Abel-chin wants the next report!]

Otto: [I am absolutely sure that you did not mean to say that in a cute way; however, I appreciate it… if it helps you. There is nothing to be gained by giving something to someone who does not understand its value.]

Petra: [Why so sharp-tongued, Otto-san. Although it is understandable.]

Otto and Petra smiled slightly at Medium’s report, who had a twinkle in her eye.

Unintentionally, Medium had been acting as a soft intermediary in the chain of command――focusing on gathering information was reassuring for Otto since he could easily leave the management of that information to Abel and his group.

This was another scheme that would not have been possible without Medium.

Medium: [It might have been doable, but also more awkward, for sure.]

Otto: [Probably. Especially since Petra-cha… Lady Petra and I are the ones who have to take a hard stand against Abel-san.]

Medium: [――? Am I getting praised? Hooray!]

Otto and Petra’s exchange was met with great delight by Medium, who raised both hands in the air.

Slightly behind her were four soldiers who were sent to Otto and Petra to make contact with the main camp. This was probably a result of the importance Abel attached to the value of the information Otto brought.

Normally, it would be easier for Abel if Otto were also in the main camp.

Medium: [Otto-chin, you have to wander around to hear the “voices”, right?]

Petra: [It’s because Otto-san’s ears are not that big, you know.]

Otto: [Both are different ways of saying the same thing!]

In contrast to Medium’s ingenuous remark, Petra responded with banter, yet both were tricky in their own regard. Although, it was generally true, so there was no denying it.

At any rate, they handed over the map they had just drawn to the messengers and received a new map in return that reflected the ongoing changes in the state of the battle.

Otto: [Please use this well. There are a few typographical errors, but the arrows and other symbols that the Lady added should be understandable.]

Messenger: [Understood. Be cautious for scouts, Analyst-dono.]

Otto: [Analyst…]

Otto looked bitter at the title given to him, along with the map they exchanged.

First a peddler, then an Internal Affairs Minister, then a Warrior-Grade Head Internal Affairs Minister, and now an Analyst. How many positions would he have to hold before the Royal Selection was concluded?

Or would these troubles continue to haunt him even after the Royal Selection was concluded?

Otto: [I guess I should put such blissful worries off to the side.]

At the very least, the tomorrow Otto envisioned would not come to pass unless he completed what was in front of him.

Tomorrow was something Otto had no choice but to face on his own.

That was why――,

Petra: [Otto-san, let’s move.]

Otto: [Dear me, how about a minute’s rest, my Lady?]

Petra: [Says the person who usually doesn’t rest even when someone tells him to. You can drink until you pass out when everything is done, so try to do your best.]

Otto: [That makes me sound like the biggest drunkard in the world!]

When Otto raised his voice about the reputational repercussions, Petra stuck out her tongue to gloss over it.

In such a way, he was feeling cared for without becoming too serious; Otto slapped himself on the cheek free from blood stains to regain his focus.

He was not sure whether he wanted to ask Petra or Garfiel how frightened he looked or if he could even afford it.

All of those things were normally the responsibility of Subaru, who was not there.

Otto: [I might as well get the victory benefits. That is why――]

Immediately after Otto opened up the channel to gather more information.

A loud noise shook Otto’s mind.

Otto: [――――]

Petra: [――Otto-san?]

Seeing Otto’s stiffened face, Petra called his name.

However, Petra’s voice did not reach Otto’s ears. It was because they were covered with deafening screams filling up the world.

Otto: [Ugh, ah…!?]

In an instant, Otto’s mind felt like it was boiling over, and he held his head in shock. However, just before his consciousness was blown away, Otto managed to just barely hold out.

Terrible screams still engulfed the world.

The reason was――,

Otto: [――Ah.]

As Otto was struck by the sudden shock, the two girls, Petra and Medium, looked at the sky and dropped their jaws.

Before the sight of those girls, as it fell straight from the sky to the ground, majestically spreading its wings just before it crashed――was a presence that, even from a distance, conveyed a palpable sense of why the world screamed.

It was no wonder why every living thing in the world screamed.

???: [A Dragon…]

It was not clear whether it was Petra, Medium, or one of the messenger soldiers who said this.

Otto could say for certain that it wasn’t himself.

Why was it that――,

Otto: [――!]

At the moment when everyone on the battlefield was captivated by the white Dragon that had appeared, there were only two people whose consciousness were not stolen by its presence――one of them, Otto, pulled Petra with one hand, while pushing Medium’s shoulder with the other.

Petra: [――Kyaa!]

Petra let out a scream and collapsed onto Otto’s chest, who had fallen backwards forcefully. In the lower part of his vision, the pushed back Medium had fallen onto her rear.

Those were the minimum evasive actions Otto could do at that moment.

――A mass of red-hot flames scorched the air as it passed over the heads of the grounded Otto and Petra as well as Medium sitting on her butt.

Petra: [AAAAAHHHH!!]

After being pulled down, Petra’s slender throat let out a scream.

But being able to scream was a kind of safety signal. If the situation had been more horrendous than that, there would not even have been time to scream.

In fact, just like the messenger soldiers who were out of Otto’s reach.

Otto: [――――]

A mass of flame flew over the heads of Otto and the girls, while hitting the messenger soldier holding the map.

In the next moment, the entire body of that soldier clad in a red and black military uniform was instantly burnt to a crisp. Due to the map in hand, there was no chance to prevent it.

And, upon catching sight of such devastation, they were not even permitted to raise their voices in astonishment.

???: [――! Watch out!]

Immediately after the girl’s high-pitched scream came the sound of steel striking steel echoing through the air.

The one who spoke up was Medium despite being pushed by Otto. She straightened her long childlike legs from her sitting position and pulled out a barbarian sword from behind her waist in a low posture.

Yet, she still managed to bounce back the deadly blade descending upon Otto with all her might.

Petra: [Stand up, Otto-san!]

Otto stumbled forward as Petra pulled him up by the arm.

When he stepped back and looked behind him, he saw Medium, with both of her hands gripping a barbaric sword too large for her petite frame, as she stared down the assailant head-on.

Then――,

???: [――My bad, my bad, and here I was going to get them all at once.]

Saying that, the grumbling man who faced Medium――was the only one apart from Otto who consciously ignored the presence of the white Dragon creating this abnormal situation on the battlefield.

It was an Imperial Soldier with a bandana wrapped around his head. He held a long-handled one-handed axe and judging from his armband, he was not a high-ranking opponent.

A common soldier. The question was, why was that man here?

While his channel was focused, he had remained vigilant.

So how had this man managed to avoid Otto’s monitoring of “voices”?

With the utmost caution possible, Otto protected Petra behind him with his arm and glared at the man facing Medium.

Otto: [No mercy for women and children? That’s pretty barbaric, don’t you think?]

Todd: [ It’s easy to just answer “There are no women or children in the battlefield”, but that would fit the residents of the Imperial Capital perfectly. Besides, wouldn’t that be a bit too convenient? ]

Otto: [Convenient?]

Todd: [If you were non-combatants who’d just been left behind on the battlefield, your current logic might’ve held. But I don’t recognize a man who serves on the battlefield as a non-combatant.]

He was the type of person who would mercilessly ambush with full intent to kill them.

It was unlikely that a reasonable negotiation would have worked from the beginning, but in the face of his thoroughness, it could be said that hope was completely dashed.

But still, it did not make sense.

Otto: [Me and these kids are here for work? And what kind of work, so far away from the camp…?]

Todd: [Who knows. But my gut is telling me. You’re the root of all evil in this war. And my gut also tells me this.]

Otto: […Such as?]

The man who looked at Otto and the others in a nonchalant, dismissive manner cut off his words there at once.

When Otto urged him onward, the man looked at the three of them in turn and,

Todd: [――It’s better not to waste time with you guys either.]

His axe swung with that pronouncement, gleaming as it mercilessly aimed to take the lives of Otto, Petra, and Medium.

--- Chapter 96: Painting with Deep Love ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――One of the Nine Divine Generals, the Steelman, Moguro Hagane.

That fact that they were not truly a Steelfolk was known to only a select few even within the Vollachian Empire.

Originally, the bodies of the Steelfolk were composed of inorganic substances like minerals and metals, and they were born as beings in the space between people and objects. It was conceivable that the Weaponkin, whose bodies possessed one part made out of metal, were a race that branched out from the Steelfolk, and there were many parts of their abnormal ecology that were obscure.

Although they were not as rare as the dragonkin, the Steelfolk were distinguished from human tribes not only in appearance, but also in mentality, so in the sense that they were more difficult to communicate with, they overwhelmed the dragonkin.

Existences more difficult to make contact with than spirits, which could be conversed with if one had certain training, those were the Steelfolk.

Henceforth, climbing to the top of the Empire at the seat of a General First-Class, and also being said to be easier to contact than the other problem-riddled Divine Generals, Moguro was recognized as a heretic from within the Steelfolk.

However, that was not the case in reality, and Moguro took advantage of their own outward appearance, as well as the special trait of lacking involvement with others from the Steelfolk tribe, and was an existence who merely self-proclaimed themself as the Steelman.

So then, regarding the true identity of Moguro Hagane, Abel considered this as an absolute truth.

――It was certain that within this decisive battle to capture the Imperial Capital, Moguro would be the greatest obstacle.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

Launched up by an impact that seized his whole body, he met eyes with an excessively mighty being.

Immediately after, he received another blow; he could not avoid the future of his life being scattered, and he was convinced that he had finally reached the final destination of his fate. ――That was what should have happened.

???: [ Cough ――Hk.]

His lungs, deflated to the utmost limits, expanded, and that pain reawakened Heinkel’s consciousness.

His interrupted consciousness returned, and the first thing he felt was the firm and large sensation of his back being supported―― it was the ground. Launched up to the sky, his body which should have been flying through the sky was on top of the ground.

Recognizing that fact, bewilderment occupied the insides of his head. For what reason? How? What had happened?

Only, at the same time as his brain had comprehended that he was still alive――,

Heinkel: [My sword is…]

In the empty hand of his body, besieged with pain, there was no feeling of a sword’s hilt. Even when his other hand immediately reached out to his waist, there was no weight in the scabbard that hung there.

Turning his head, within his vision that was being vigorously shaken along with his brain by the loud ringing in his ears, in a place some ways away from him, Heinkel saw his sword thrust into the earth at a slant, and leaked out a breath.

That it had vanished, or it had been lost, he felt his entire body bouncing around as if his heart had become those unthinkable feelings of unease――,

Heinkel: [――Fuck.]

Since he had gone through all those things, he began to hate himself for worrying over losing the sword.

The fluctuation of his heart in that moment seemed like a representation of his half-assed self.

Heinkel: [Just what…]

As the causes for him to hate himself increased, Heinkel broke away from his loathsome sentimentality.

He was not dead. He still lived. However, that in itself was a strange thing.

At that moment, Heinkel had met eyes with an existence which introduced itself as a Divine General, and a definite intent to kill had been directed towards him. ――It had clearly declared that it would kill him.

In truth, having been launched up to the sky, then from there, being scattered by another attack with nothing he could do, Heinkel’s life should have been lost.

For what reason had that not come to fruition? Seeking that answer, he looked around――,

Heinkel: [――Ah?]

Unconsciously, an astonished voice slipped out.

However, that was a matter of course. What Heinkel saw was absurd enough to warrant that. It was far, far too detached from reality.

――The world itself was divided in two from where Heinkel was, and separate hells were unfolding.

On the right sky, the massive clouds formed from the bright red flames engulfed the scorching world.

On the left sky, the majestic figure of a colossal scale, clad in clouds of pure white, spread its wings as it lorded over the frozen lands.

Heinkel: [A burning sky, and a white Dragon…]

Gazing at the sight which should not have been there, Heinkel muttered in blank amazement.

It was possible that he had been mistaken when he felt he had not died. This sight made it seem like Heinkel was already dead, and that was why he was seeing this kind of world.

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

At the world which went beyond what he could take in, thoughts of wishing to escape reality threw him into disorder.

That which had done so to Heinkel, causing his whole body to straighten up after lying down on the ground, was the black shadow which suddenly came over him.

No way, he did not want to think that there was a second Dragon passing right above him, but――,

Heinkel: [Woaaaaaah――!]

Looking up to the sky, Heinkel’s throat screamed as he saw the origin of the shadow.

Passing over him with a tremendous force, flying through the sky as it spun, was an enormous boulder that could be mistaken for a house――Even then, it was not just one or two.

One after another, the throwing stones of an abnormal scale passed over his head, clad in an extremely strong wind, they flew from above Heinkel’s head towards where his feet were pointed.

And then, at the end of where they were headed――,

Heinkel: [――――]

The impact of the crash quaked the world, and it shook Heinkel’s buttocks, giving him the impression that the ground was coughing violently.

As those were continuously fired out, reverberating upon their crash, Heinkel got up from that place in a panic.

The one who was continuously being targeted by those boulders, suffering direct hits one after the other, was the figure who was also on an abnormal scale――standing up, it was the rampart itself.

Heinkel: […Moguro Hagane.]

That was one of the nine most feared people within this Empire, and from what he could see, Heinkel felt that with his whole body and soul.

What he saw just before his consciousness was blown away, he thought that it might have been an optical illusion, or a hallucination he saw when paralyzed by fear, but it had been neither.

――With a large body that probably exceeded tens of meters, quite literally as the third bastion that Heinkel and the others originally were supposed to capture, Moguro blocked their way.

Literally, yes, quite literally.

Perhaps this very situation was an existence in this world most suitable for the word “literally”.

In that place, the rampart had gotten up on its knees and taken the shape of a golem, and using the pavements from the upheaved farmland as its own arms and torso, it carried out an unbelievable defensive measure.

Swarming at the feet of that massive body were the stone golems, which Heinkel had cut down when he had gotten desperate, and the giant fist struck downwards from above their heads was just like a town crashing down.

Heinkel: [――――]

Aiming for that massive body, were the large boulders which had been fired countless times just a bit before.

Those were from both the stone pits along the way to the site of the decisive battle, the Imperial Capital, as well as the rocks prepared from the crumbled cliffs of the steep mountains to be used in the siege.

So then, continuing to throw those towards the large Moguro, were those who were awaiting an opportunity to attack from back at the stronghold――,

Heinkel: [――The subordinates of Yorna Mishigure.]

To be precise, they were the citizens of the Demon City of Chaosflame who Yorna directed.

Races with horns and lizardmen, beastmen and those from the Multi-Leg Tribe, they were a mixed force without a sense of unity, and there was only one thing in common which tied them together into an assembled formation.

――Each one of them housed a red flame in one of their eyes, and housed within was their high morale, that could be said to be what they had in common.

This was also quite literally, a group whose fighting spirit burned within their eyes, and several of them were able to lift up the unbelievably big boulders, and were able to throw them across an outrageous distance.

However, even if one said that Moguro suffered a direct hit from those large boulders, Heinkel’s judgement was somewhat doubtful.

Of course, through the direct hits of those large boulders, Moguro’s construction of the rampart and farmland crumbled, and was broken. However, in order to repair those broken parts, Moguro made the boulders crashing against him into the next materials which formed its massive body, and was certainly offsetting the attacks.

Even when looking from afar, the meaninglessness of those attacks was deeply communicated.

Even so, the reason why they still did not cease to throw them was plain and simple. ――While their attacks were keeping Moguro’s large body at bay, the other rebels were fiercely attacking.

Heinkel: […Foolish.]

Heinkel had also heard it. That this third bastion had the weakest defense compared to the other bastions.

However, that would have been before Moguro had erected like that, and began to use its entire massive body to block their way. Despite that, the strategy had not been updated, and the rebels who had chosen to withdraw from the other battlefields were converging, and even now they continued to swell up their military strength here.

In the midst of that, the People of Shudraq, who Heinkel had fought alongside with, were also present.

Heinkel: [Foolish.]

Heinkel’s deep feelings had leaked out with a sound more clear than before.

Foolish. It could not be called anything but foolish. What else was there to say? Looking right or looking left, looking up or looking down, looking forward or looking back, there was nothing to see but hell.

Just what else could Heinkel have possibly said?

Heinkel: [You-you’re all out of your fucking minds… You guys! Everyone! What the hell is wrong with all of you!!]

Before he realized it, Heinkel had jumped towards his sword, thrust into the ground, in order to cling on to it.

Putting his weight onto the hilt of the sword thrust into the ground, he grit his teeth as he exhorted his trembling knees. What was wrong with everybody? He was unable to understand their mentality.

Like he thought, he could not do it. He could not do it, he could not do it, he could not do it, there was nothing he could do.

Heinkel: [What the hell, is wrong with all of you…]

While powerlessly leaning against his sword, Heinkel’s throat feebly trembled.

In the surroundings of Heinkel, who had limply lowered his head, the world was shaken by the flames, by the Dragon, and by the huge army. Was it really such a sin for him to not fight against all that?

In that case――,

Heinkel: [I…]

It was directly after Heinkel had let that leak out.

The sound of nimble hooves resounded, and the chestnut-colored Galewind Horse passed by Heinkel’s side as it stomped on the ground. As his red-hair swayed in the wind produced by that Galewind Horse, Heinkel looked up.

And then――,

Heinkel: [――――]

For but a moment, Heinkel exchanged gazes with the man with a spherical hairstyle, who sat atop the Galewind Horse.

It was Zikr Osman. Working as the right-hand man of Abel, giving orders to the rebels from the stronghold, while he was also a General of the Vollachian Empire, he was a part of the rebellion against the country.

He himself had declared that his fighting skill with his sword was poor, and from Heinkel’s point of view, his individual war potential was really difficult to count, but he had overtaken Heinkel.

――The moment Zikr passed him, he left a scornful gaze upon Heinkel, who had bent his knees here.

Heinkel: [I really…]

Going past Heinkel, who had bent his knees, the Galewind Horse ran towards the battlefield.

As if to follow the majestic figure of Zikr, the rebels who had gathered from various warfronts headed forwards. Towards Moguro Hagane’s rampart, they charged forth.

As he watched them, Heinkel still continued to lean on his sword, unable to move.

And as he was unable to move――,

Heinkel: […It’s just like I thought, I really can’t do it, Louanna.]

△▼△▼△▼△

When he overtook the red-haired swordsman, who bent his knee on the battlefield and hung his head as if his fighting spirit was disheartened, what flashed through the mind of Zikr Osman was sympathy for following the natural course of life.

The brave woman of crimson who introduced herself as Priscilla Barielle had boldly taken part in this rebellion. The swordsman, participating in the war as her follower, was probably not even a person of the Vollachian Empire.

It was far too cruel to impose the Empire’s way of being that the people of the Empire must be strong on a guy like him.

Zikr: [I can hardly say that I myself follow that way of being.]

Sword in hand, Zikr self-deprecated as he shook atop the back of his beloved horse, Leidy.

He was currently feigning bravery like this, but it had been largely due to the power that the previous generations of House Osman had accumulated that Zikr had taken up the seat of General.

If Zikr was not part of a lineage of military men, and he had to work his way from the ranks of private like the other soldiers, then he, without any skill in the sword, would probably not have been able to find any success in life.

It was not that he lamented that. Of course, Zikr was a man of the Empire.

Due to that, he swung his sword on the front lines, and the first time he swung it, his heart yearned for him to exist in a way reminiscent of the Nine Divine Generals, who would be able to alter the war situation.

However, to make sure that nobody would be able to take up Zikr’s position, Zikr was once again unable to feign reality by turning that yearning into his personal matter.

Therefore――,

Zikr: [――I am a Second Class-General of the Empire, the Coward, Zikr Osman!!]

Raising his voice to a loud volume, his beloved horse galloped across the battlefield where a tremendous change had been accomplished.

In most cases, Leidy was used to light sprints for the purposes of both strolls and military campaigns, however, this time she could guess what Zikr was feeling, so she displayed the best sprint of her life.

At seeing his beloved horse put on a brave sprint, completely irrelevant from her fear and anxiety, Zikr could only fall in love again.

Leidy’s excessively beautiful sprint ignored Zikr’s unaccustomed war speech, and sparked a flame in the hearts of many rebels as she continued to dash.

Zikr: [Glow People on the right wing! Weaponkin on the left wing! Everyone, move in accordance with the orders! Everyone else, follow me! We shall defeat the Steelman, Moguro Hagane!]

Everyone: [YEAHHHHHHH――!!]

Hearing Zikr’s orders, the assembled military strength roared as they charged towards Moguro. The boulders which flew overhead were thrown by the volunteer soldiers who Yorna loved dearly, as a means of providing cover.

If those drew Moguro’s attention, and a disturbance was yielded in the command of the stone golems, and above all else, if the charge of Zikr and the others reached its feet, their aim would be successfully accomplished.

???: [Fire――!!]

A valiant shout could be heard in the distance, and the fired arrows rained down on the stone golems blocking the way, sewing them to the ground.

Commencing from far away, having opened up a distance on Zikr’s orders, was the overwhelming display of offensive ability by means of the People of Shudraq’s archery, and the archery of the rebels skilled in the bow.

He accepted the cover from the beautiful and high spirited women, and pushed forward. Including the battle formation that those women had reasonably lowered, it seemed too good to be true, so Zikr clenched his molars.

Zikr: [No, if anything is too good to be true, it would be that blessing.]

Gripping his sword tight, looking towards its drawn blade, Zikr slightly loosened the corners of his lips.

Right before he departed for battle, the one to bestow Zikr with a blessing as he visited the camp enclosure, was the sweet girl whose eyes somewhat inspired a sense of reverence――Just as if it was a gaze that had lived an amount of time unimaginable to Zikr, it graciously met his entreaty.

It was not that the Coward had been blown away.

Only, thinking about the duty he must accomplish himself, Zikr wished for a blessing. Even if there was only a slight chance, he had wanted to rely on his superstitions.

???: [General Second-Class Zikr! Please fall back! We can handle things here!!]

Zikr: [Do not speak nonsense! There is no path of retreat! Nor is there room to fall back! I shall also move forward!!]

???: [――Hk.]

Straddling his Galewind Horse, he shook his head at the appeal of the soldier riding next to him; Zikr would not abandon his duty.

For a moment, the subordinate attempted to say something, but he did not get in the way of Zikr’s determination any further. Grateful for that consideration, he tightly, tightly gripped the reins.

???: [Hah! To think that General Second-Class Zikr Osman, the Womanizer, would proceed to the front lines!]

Then, opposite of the subordinate riding next to him, a figure sprinting at the same speed as a Galewind Horse caught up to them. Looking at him, he was wearing an eyepatch, a soldier wielding twin swords――Jamal Aurélie.

He became a prisoner of war during the fall of the Fortress City, and after that, since he displayed strong loyalty towards His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia, he was taken under the command of Zikr as a swordsman.

Zikr: [Private First-Class Jamal, how is their response?]

Jamal: [The fucking best! Whether I look left or right or directly in front, there’s a fuck ton of enemies! I’m having an absolute blast!]

Zikr: [Ahh, it is indeed quite magnificent. It is the honor of an Imperial soldier. From here, I intend on removing General First-Class Moguro from the seat of Eighth, so will you follow me!?]

Jamal: [Only if you order me! If you want, I can head over there and open up the path!]

An uncouth yet charming smile emerged on his face, and Jamal accelerated after saying that. He easily overtook Leidy’s speed, and charged right into the group of stone golems directly in front of them.

While chasing after his back, on the other side of Zikr thinking his bravery was reliable, he felt guilty for taking him along. ――However, he immediately discarded that hesitation.

He would fulfill what he needed to do in the place that he needed to do it.

That had been requested of him, so it was none other than Zikr himself who desired to meet those requests.

What remained was――,

Zikr: [――Your Excellency, you are free to do as you wish.]

Indeed, it had been practically at the same time as when Zikr offered up a prayer.

――The Crystal Palace of the Imperial Capital Lupugana, the Magic Crystals upon its summit began to glow.

△▼△▼△▼△

――In this decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, there were several people painting over the picture Abel had painted.

One of them was the existence of Priscilla, who joined the battle of the first bastion which Yorna Mishigure faced.

One of them was Otto, who through use of his Divine Protection, demonstrated his ability to gather information on the details of the war situation.

One of them was Garfiel, who instead of being in a deadlock with Kafma Irulux, was able to crush him.

One of them was Emilia, who angered Madelyn Eschart more than had been assumed, and caused her to invoke the Cloud Dragon.

And yet, even if that added some change in the coloration of the picture Abel had painted, they were not incidents that greatly changed its final form.

If one of the five bastions on the points of the star-shaped ramparts that defended the Imperial Capital were to be broken through, then there were means to seize victory even if the other bastions were locked in stalemate.

For those who painted over the picture, the main reason why it could not be swayed, no matter what they did, was Moguro Hagane――No, it was the Meteor which governed the Crystal Palace, the heart of the Vollachian Empire.

The Crystal Palace which boasted beauty of preeminent status within the world, the magic crystals that formed the crystal portion of the palace were especially pure even among magic stones, and it made the palace itself into a weapon to attack outside enemies.

The mana stored within the palace could be passed through the magic crystals located everywhere in the building to amplify it, and then be released through the Magic Crystal Cannon installed on the highest layer of the Crystal Palace.

That power was able to bring about enough destruction to wipe out the entirety of a large city, and in the past, when it had been used hundreds of years prior――Legends say that its target had been a Great Disaster.

Henceforth, the Magic Crystal Cannon of the Crystal Palace remained only a thing of legends, but since the existence of the real thing had been known, it had been serviced to be made possible to use, so the threat was restored.

As irony would have it, that Magic Crystal Cannon had become a fang pointed towards Abel himself, but as long as it was present, there was a high probability that the war situation of the decisive battle of the Imperial Capital could be easily overturned.

Therefore, no matter what, there was a need for this Magic Crystal Cannon to be fired.

That too, was not a decisive blow in order to change the war situation, but part of the damages taken into his consideration.

For that purpose――,

Abel: [――Will you desert and run away, Zikr Osman?]

That was what Abel had asked Zikr, who mounted his Galewind Horse, and headed towards the battlefield of the third bastion.

Zikr had a choice. Managing the rebels who had chosen to move away from the battles of the other bastions, and converge on the third bastion, raising their morale, facing the massive body of Moguro, who blocked the way, he had the choice to desert that warfront.

However, Abel had a hunch that he would likely not choose that.

Was it because of Zikr’s prudence as the Coward, who feared even the slightest possibility that his goal would not be fulfilled, or was it perhaps because he was one of the brave and righteous members of the Imperial Army?

Whichever it was, Abel, who was not Zikr, could not surmise.

However, whatever the reason for his determination may be, Abel would not discourage it.

The life or death of Zikr was a position which held no final impact on the picture that Abel had painted.

Speaking on the grand-scale of things, ultimately, within his picture, even the life or death of Abel himself――.

???: [――Reporting from the lookout! The Magic Crystal Cannon of the Crystal Palace is beginning to operate!]

Abel: [――――]

???: [Its target, the third bastion!!]

The resoundement of the bellowing voice throughout the stronghold was proof of Abel’s aim being fulfilled.

The Magic Crystal Cannon was fired upon it. Upon the third bastion――that is to say, mowing down the battlefield of Moguro, who had turned into the rampart itself, it would likely wipe out the rebels in one fell swoop.

Even if that happened, as long as Moguro’s true body of the Crystal Palace was going strong, then neither would the Steelman, Moguro Hagane, be defeated, nor would the third bastion be overcome.

However, the Imperial Capital would forfeit the firepower of the Magic Crystal Cannon, which had the ability to overturn any war situation.

Everything was for that purpose, after all, it had been painted on that illustration.

Therefore――,

???: [――There is something unusual in the line of fire of the Magic Crystal Cannon!!]

Abel: […What?]

――Upon the moment his plan had succeeded, that report was an incident completely outside Abel’s hypothesis.

△▼△▼△▼△

――In this decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, there were several people painting over the picture Abel had painted.

One of them was the existence of Priscilla, who joined the battle of the first bastion which Yorna Mishigure faced.

One of them was Otto, who through use of his Divine Protection, demonstrated his ability to gather information on the details of the war situation.

One of them was Garfiel, who instead of being in a deadlock with Kafma Irulux, was able to crush him.

One of them was Emilia, who angered Madelyn Eschart more than had been assumed, and caused her to invoke the Cloud Dragon.

And then――,

???: [――Impossible.]

In the distance, beyond the hulking, writhing city walls of Moguro Hagane, lay the Crystal Palace, the very heart of the beloved Imperial Capital and the symbol of the Vollachian Empire’s authority.

At the top of that beautiful palace, only a few people even knew of that weapon, and in fact, even the General did not know of the existence of the Magic Crystal Cannon until he had heard about it from Abel.

Zikr Osman risked his life to make them misfire that single, precious shot of this decisive weapon that, if fired, would cleave the horizon and completely disrupt the tide of battle.

Riding his beloved horse across the front lines, he appealed loudly that they had the chance to win the battle, and while rallying up the rebels, he appealed for their support in order to get the Magic Crystal Cannon to focus on them.

All this in order to mislead them into believing that this was the best opportunity to make a decisive change in the battle.

Hence, the moment the pinnacle of the Crystal Palace glowed, Zikr was convinced that he had accomplished the task.

His mind was filled with images of his mother, of his elder sisters, and of his younger sisters, those women so crucial to the formation of his own self, and he even smiled at how much like him that was.

A prayer far too beautiful to let die in one’s embrace, a demise that was supposed to come peacefully, but was replaced with astonishment before the wide-eyed Zikr.

Because of――,

Zikr: [――Miss Beatrice?]

△▼△▼△▼△

Beatrice: [Figured this is what it would be, in fact.]

Beatrice muttered to herself while in free fall, her dress and long curly hair fluttering in the air.

When confronted by Zikr, who had come to Beatrice and the others’ camp tent to ask for her blessing as a warrior, Beatrice had a gut feeling that he intended to die.

Four hundred years ago, in that time of constant warfare, there were many with the same look in their eyes.

Back then, Beatrice was not able to reach out to them. Some did not want to be reached out to, and some did not know how to reach out.

Perhaps even if Beatrice were to repeat that time again, it would be hard to imagine that she could have approached it better.

Surely she would experience the same helplessness again, watching them go to their deaths.

But that is――,

Beatrice: [――No reason to do the same here today, I suppose.]

???: [Aa, u!]

With their characteristic pattern, Beatrice’s eyes faced forward, and there was a little girl holding Beatrice’s thin shoulders from behind as if she were holding her tightly.

Beatrice did not forgive the little girl with golden hair and blue eyes.

It was true that her actions, unknown to her, had made many people miserable.

But still, for this one moment, she thought.

For this one moment, she believed in some other feeling other than the “naïveté” of Natsuki Subaru.

Beatrice: [――――]

Beatrice and the little girl――Louis were high up in the sky, even higher than the city walls.

After a series of short range “teleports”, as if with no other means, Louis brought Beatrice to this place as if to prove her worthiness.

Just now, Louis demonstrated her worth.

In which case, Beatrice was next to respond to those deeds.

Beatrice: [Betty can just see everyone’s angry faces, in fact.]

Angry, or perhaps concerned, but in the end, still angry.

Beatrice’s lips suddenly relaxed as the loving faces of her companions came to her.

But, there was no choice not to do it. Because Beatrice was――,

Beatrice: [Betty is Subaru’s partner , I suppose.]

At the moment she muttered those words, the entirety of the beautiful Palace, visible from a distance, glowed with a dazzling light so bright that it was able to transform the shape of the world, aiming at the rebels who were pushing forward on the ground in a straight line.

Zikr and his men, who were leading the charge, would be engulfed by the shot that would be far too destructive for them. Interrupting the line of fire with Louis, Beatrice clasped her hands together in front of her chest.

And then――,

Beatrice: [――Al Shamak.]

――Then, the hole into another world that swallowed even the light that would change the world, opened then closed.

△▼△▼△▼△

How many were there that could have properly grasped the events of that instant?

In truth, if things had come to pass as Abel had painted them, the damage would have been enormous, even if it had been within the range of what had been expected, the impact it would have provoked on those fighting at the other bastions would be immeasurable.

However, the Magic Crystal Cannon did not deliver the damage it was intended to unleash, and Zikr Osman, having been ready to sacrifice himself, continued on with that same vigor and began to fight the horde of stone golems.

The descent of the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia and Emilia’s battle with Madelyn who had brought it along continued, and the aged skill of The Vicious Old Man Olbart was cornering Garfiel.

Yorna, The Flamboyant, and Priscilla, a mother and daughter, were forced into a fierce battle by The Spirit Eater Arakiya, who had decided to shake off everything to achieve her own ends. Otto and Petra, who had planned to establish control of the battlefield and, in fact, accomplished it partly, confronted the malice along with Medium.

There was no significant impact on the state of those battles.

Merely, the possibility that the state of those battles would substantially lean unfavorably was now lost.

In exchange for this tremendous achievement――,

Louis: [Ua! Ahu! Auu!]

The presence of the little girl in Louis’s arms faded as she fluttered through the air in a tight embrace.

It was, quite literally, the sight of the little girl’s figure gradually fading away. As if to deny it, Louis embraced the girl, Beatrice, but it served no purpose.

As if scattering into the air, Beatrice’s body was about to turn into light.

Louis: [Aa! Aa, AaAa!]

Screaming, Louis tried hard to deny the situation before her eyes.

But no amount of lamenting and screaming could stop the crumbling of Beatrice’s existence.

In order to save the lives of many, she blew into the beyond the light of destruction that was released.

As compensation for that overwhelming power, Beatrice’s existence had become disperse. Even if one reached out their fingers to the light waning from as if it were being peeled off, those fingers would not be blocked, instead passing through.

Louis: [Aa…!!]

With tears welling up in her ragged, wide blue eyes, Louis screamed.

Screaming, screaming, even though screaming did not help, she screamed desperately .

There was nothing else she could do, and she could not find anything more she could do, so she screamed.

And so she frantically screamed and ranted and raved――.

Louis: [――a?]

With a plop, her large tears scattered freely into the air, and then Louis turned her face away from her face, and out into the distance.

Embracing Beatrice in her arms, she looked not at the little girl about to disappear, not at the sky that had turned white, not at the sky that had turned red, not at the ground where many people were shouting in anger, but at this moment, forgetting everything that formed the battlefield, she looked out into the distance.

And then, she leaped toward that distance.

Louis: [U――]

Midair, the distance that she could leap at a time was about ten meters; using it over and over again in a sequence placed a strain on her organs, like they were being squeezed, but she did not care.

Taking on all of the burdens that would be placed on Beatrice, Louis leaped.

She leaped, leaped, leaped, leaped, leaped, leaped, leaped, and then finally――,

Louis: [――――]

Upon reaching the ground, Louis fell forward as if crouching. Ignoring the general lethargy of her body, Louis held up the incredibly light little girl in her arms in front of her.

Beatrice, whose very presence was becoming thinner and thinner, was put in front of her.

And then――,

Louis: [Uau…]

???: [――I know. The two of you, you’re both being too reckless.]

Then, suddenly, there was a sigh that sounded like a bitter laugh, and the little girl was snatched away from her outstretched arms. ――No, she was not taken from her. She was gently held up.

Then, Beatrice’s body was embraced in front of the kneeling Louis’s eyes.

It was there, in the arms of the black-haired boy who was there, that he gently, cherishingly, tightly held her.

Receiving this embrace, visibly so full of love, the girl who had accomplished a great task, her eyelids framed by long eyelashes trembled, and her eyes slowly opened.

Then her eyes, with their distinctive pattern, flickered――,

Beatrice: [――You left me so worried, in fact.]

???: [Yeah, I love you too.]

To that whispered deep affection, he responded with proud deep love, and the hands that should have been joined became joined.

In front of Louis, who had been watching over that from the front row while letting out short exhales, the boy laughed.

Laughing, he declared.

???: [Well, shall we begin? ――Bring it on, oh inevitable fate.]

--- Chapter 97: Arriving from Beyond the West ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Battles unfolded with the Imperial Capital of Lupugana as their stage, and in every single one of those locations, the climax approacheth.

A Dragon, clad in the very clouds themselves, swooped down to the sky where white snow was falling, and vermilion flames scorched the sky into a turbulent cloud. Stone golems were colliding against soldiers donning desperate expressions, a beast’s powerful arms clashed against age-borne malice riddled with craftiness afront a collapsed rampart; the status of the conflict seesawed back and forth unending.

However, at this moment, at this very instant, the greatest focal point of this battlefield laid with the innermost part of the Imperial Capital――the most beautiful castle in the world, known as the Crystal Palace, a white light had been emitted.

Utilized throughout the entire construction of the castle were Magic Crystals―― Mana crystals purer than most Magic Stones. By amplifying the Mana stockpiled therein, the Magic Crystal Cannon was a strategic weapon able to lay devastation upon its target.

To be precise, it was the Crystal Palace’s trump card, the artillery of the highest firepower within the possession of the Vollachian Empire. The ultimate attack, which could quite possibly decide the outcome of a battle with only a single shot, even in this battlefield.

In the first place, only a limited number of people possessed knowledge of the existence of this Magic Crystal Cannon.

It went without saying that Abel, who had been on the seat of the Emperor, and Zikr Osman, to whom the outline of the operation had been conveyed to, would be aware of it. In addition, there was also Priscilla Barielle, whose possible prior awareness of this information would not strike as odd were she to actually possess it, alongside a very limited number of personnel on the side of the rebel army.

Probably, things would be more or less similar on the Imperial Capital’s side, amounting to the fake Emperor Vincent Vollachia, who led the insurrection, and his accomplice, the Prime Minister, Berstetz Fondalfon. Along with Moguro Hagane, who was the Crystal Palace itself―― it was a secret weapon that even the other Divine Generals had not known about.

And then――,

???: [――The power of the Magic Crystal Cannon is limited to just three uses, but it shall not be used more than once on this battlefield.]

That was Abel’s judgement, and therefore, an awareness Vincent shared as well.

For a variety of reasons, the Magic Crystal Cannon was the trump card of national defense in every sense. The reckless act of using up all its remaining ammo was not something that could be done with the future in mind.

Of course, if Vincent intended to deplete it on this battlefield without any consideration for the future, then that was another matter.

Abel: [You could not possibly engage in such desperate behavior.]

Abel did not especially think about what to call that conviction.

However, conviction was conviction, and without discarding what had budded within him, Abel had prepared the battlefield. Hence, he chose to give rise to the certainty that the Magic Crystal Cannon, which could only be fired once, would fire a fruitless shot.

That expectation had been lured out of them by the “decoys”; Zikr, a valuable asset when it came to warring potential, the high-morale soldiers under his banner, and the other various tribes, had all been put together.

Abel: [――Use the elite as decoys. The enemy shan’t be able to turn a blind eye to them.]

Then, having seen the unfortunate turn of events at the third bastion, the Magic Crystal Cannon was directed to the battlefield protected by Moguro.

The flaw of the Magic Crystal Cannon was that it may cause tremendous damage even to allies, but on Moguro’s battlefield, those worries were unnecessary. Because the stone golems scattered across the battlefield were nothing but forces that had split from the Divine General, and even the titanic Moguro, who had become one with the rampart, was not the Eighth’s main body.

Therefore, the expectations of both sides overlapped, and the Magic Crystal Cannon would wipe out one group of rebels upon being fired, however, it would also eliminate the possibility of the rebels being defeated with nothing they could do about it. ――Or so it was to have passed.

Abel: [――――]

That instant, a large number of people on the battlefield bore witness to a black light engulfing the shot of white light.

Just what had brought that about? Where had the tremendous shot disappeared to without doing a sliver of damage? Was that an action belonging to friend or foe?

Countless thoughts zipped past in the emptiness of mind birthed, everyone left dumbfounded as they ceased their movements.

At the rebel command post, Abel was no exception. That had been an incident outside of what he had hypothesized.

He, too, had had his mind enraptured by the unexpected phenomenon, and a brief emptiness was yielded in his thoughts. ――What was different about him was that he recovered faster than anyone else from that state.

Who, how, where, he did not know any of it, but――,

Abel: [――Fire it up, just as planned!]

If one was met with a situation better than expected, there was nothing greater.

In many cases, what was utmost necessary on the battlefield was a quick decision, rather than a correct decision. Then, by updating the decision based on the events that had occurred due to that very choice, it could be transformed into the correct one.

Removing his gaze from the battlefield that the white light had been expected to lay wreck to, Abel gave the order. At that voice of Abel’s, the stiff soldiers of the command post widened their eyes, and lowered their gazes.

To the several gazes which could not conceal their trembling, Abel responded with his own black eyes through his oni mask.

Abel: [Fire it up immediately! Give the order! Any delay shall lead to the death of Zikr Osman!]

Soldiers: [――Hk!]

Abel: [Hurry, move!]

Soldiers: [Yes sir――!!]

The soldiers around and within the command center were all Zikr’s good subordinates.

Originally, the plan had included Zikr’s life in the equation. It was hypocritical of him to refer to Zikr’s life, however, the soldiers grasped that, quickly beginning to move.

Rather than Abel’s decisiveness, it was the trust that Zikr had built which had allowed for that.

Abel: [You have fulfilled your duty as suicide corps. Nevertheless, do not slacken your hands, Zikr Osman. If you have survived, it means that you still possess a role to fulfill.]

In the distance, at the third bastion of the city walls that protected the Imperial Capital, a clash that would supposedly never have happened, had occurred. A battle headed by Zikr, with the People of Shudraq and many other tribes accompanying him.

The battlefield had become a true contest of strength to see who would be able to break past Moguro and into the Imperial Capital.

Watching the unforeseen hard-fought battle from afar, Abel touched his own oni mask, and muttered.

Abel: [――Inevitably, the role I must play is also close at hand.]

Behind Abel as he muttered that, the soldiers fired a Magic Stone Cannon into the sky as they had been ordered.

That was an indication of the situation having developed, a retaliation against the Imperial Capital’s faction, who had used up their trump card, the Magic Crystal Cannon―― a sign that the rebel army’s side had also played their own trump card.

Beholding the cannon’s light with his eyes, Abel shifted his gaze to the side opposite to the third bastion――,

Abel: [――The one who seems to have entered the board from the west, who are you?]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――That surely cannot be.]

As he cast his eyes toward the distant battlefield from the top level of the Crystal Palace, the aged throat of Berstetz Fondalfon quivered a smidgen.

The Imperial Prime Minister, an individual who was usually unflappable, was bewildered, shaken to an extent such that it had taken the guards by his side by surprise.

Berstetz: [――――]

Once he sensed the gazes of the soldiers to his side, Berstetz instantly tightened his cheeks.

Displaying any sort of indolence would make light of the Empire. Even if those around him did not believe likewise, as long as he himself did, he would not stand for it. That was the way of the Vollachian Empire.

This was exactly how Berstetz himself envisioned an ideal Vollachia.

Berstetz: [Naturally, since the Imperial Capital is being advanced on, figuring out some sort of countermeasure is a must, but…]

Getting a hold of himself, Berstetz tackled the events that transpired head-on.

What had spilled from his lips was a reflection of the events that had taken place just before―― a reflection on fact that the first blow of the Magic Crystal Cannon, the trump card of the Crystal Palace, had failed to hit its mark.

The existence of the Magic Crystal Cannon was considered to be top secret, known only to very few people in the Empire.

However, since they had to take on the true Emperor, Vincent Vollachia, the secrecy of the Magic Crystal Cannon’s existence was completely meaningless. However, even with its existence known, it was a fact that there was no way to thwart the Magic Crystal Cannon’s extraordinary firepower, the value of its very existence, in the first place.

Therefore, Berstetz had surmised that Vincent would either avoid a decisive battle in the Imperial Capital or not deploy his army in a situation where the Magic Crystal Cannon would be used.

However, Vincent had entered the battlefield; moreover, amidst the battle, he had taken command of the rebels who had gone ahead before him. This way, he began handling the state of affairs. Presumably, pushing expendable fighters all the way into the line of fire of the Magic Crystal Cannon had been a last resort of his.

Then, seeking maximum efficiency, Berstetz had pointed the Magic Crystal Cannon at the third bastion.

Even if Vincent’s plan had been to have them shoot at the area of the battlefield with the highest concentration of rebel troops, as to minimize the overall damage to his allies―― the fact remained that the opponents would still suffer.

Putting down the sacrificial lambs, they would then utilize the power of the Nine Divine Generals to crush the enemy’s plans. ――With this in mind, he had beseeched the other Vincent on the throne for forgiveness.

And then――,

Vincent: [Once each side’s chicanery is gone, only the sheer difference in troop strength shall remain. ――Do it.]

Seeing that Vincent and he were in agreement, Berstetz had fired the Magic Crystal Cannon.

Once homed in on a target, the burst of enormous destructive power, having been unleashed, would rush into the battlefield in a flash, vaporizing many heroes in the process, supposedly sending them to the great beyond.

Therefore, with victory and defeat decided after the Magic Crystal Cannon had mowed down the rebels, he would give thought on the steps that would follow the redefinition of the battle’s status, however――,

Berstetz: [The damage done by the Magic Crystal Cannon is nonexistent?]

Considering the achievements of the restored Magic Crystal Cannon sealed in the Crystal Palace, it had not occurred to him that Vincent could possibly possess some means of offsetting it.

Keeping cards well-hidden until the last possible moment was indubitably a habit of Vincent’s. Berstetz lamented over the fact he had been completely outwitted, but at the same time, he felt a rush of excitement in his heart.

More than anything else, he thought. ――What a shame it was.

Berstetz: [Your Excellency, I am regretful from the bottom of my heart.]

Since it was the way of the Vollachian Empire to revere the strong, Vincent’s approach to rule the Empire with wits rather than violence as the one at its pinnacle was a combination of boredom and horror.

To possess the political skills to avoid any major war was something that he himself esteemed and, at the same time, shunned. Still, he had no complaints about serving Vincent.

So long as he fulfilled his duties as Emperor and protected the glory of the Vollachian Empire.

Berstetz: [What shall you do upon your return, Your Excellency…?]

What would he do with the Empire after returning to the throne and executing all those who had rebelled against him? Would he leave the Empire as it was before, and once again relinquish his duties as Emperor?

Even the most outstanding Emperor had no right to remain on the throne if he was content with letting that happen.

Berstetz: [――Prepare the Magic Crystal Cannon for the next shot.]

Since the number of charges for the Magic Crystal Cannon was fixed, depleting them was unacceptable.

Nevertheless, if the situation needed to be changed, Berstetz would utilize the plenitude of his jurisdiction. However, if the opponents did possess two trump cards with which to counteract the Magic Crystal Cannon, he could not make the same mistake again.

Until he figured that out, he could not see it through.

Soldier: [――! Prime Minister Berstetz! Look at that!]

Suddenly, one of the soldiers standing by Berstetz raised his voice.

Following the soldier’s gaze, the light of the Magic Stones emanating in the sky far behind the battlefield could be seen―― probably at the place where the rebel main camp had been positioned.

It was some kind of signal.

A terribly unreliable one, as the sky above the battlefield was dyed white and red, but it would be effective enough for anyone waiting for the signal to come.

Berstetz: [A signal…]

Behind his narrowed eyes, Berstetz surmised his opponent’s intentions.

After the Magic Cannon had fired, they would have thought the situation had supposedly changed as well. If so, was that signal an instruction to the soldiers on the front line? However, if the intention was to inform the soldiers fighting on the front lines, that signal was way too unreliable.

Therefore, it was not for informing the soldiers on the front lines――,

Berstetz: [――Reinforcements.]

But simultaneously, Berstetz gave it careful rumination.

With the majority of the rebels who had gathered from all over the country already wrecking havoc on the battlefield, with that group having already been crushed by the power of the Nine Divine Generals, what kind of forces could function as reinforcements?

Reinforcements were not pieces one would simply withhold.

They ought to be a trump card in the proper sense, deployed to change the war situation in decisive fashion. Of course, they were meaningless lest they packed a sufficient punch.

Just what kind of forces could they possibly be? ――With those thoughts, Berstetz widened his slit-like eyes and turned them to the distant west.

Berstetz: [It cannot be.]

Slowly reflected in Berstetz’s vision as he muttered faintly, were shadows arriving from the western sky—— spread across a vast expanse of those skies, were the supreme rulers of the sky making their calm approach. A flock of flying dragons.

A large number of flying dragons resided in the Vollachian Empire, however, taming a flying dragon required treasured techniques and masterful skills—— and the one who had gathered many of those under their banner was a leading noble, who possessed preeminent power within the Empire.

A High Countess who had refused to participate in the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, on the grounds of maintaining order within her own territory, the one in command of the Empire’s strongest Flying Dragon Squadron——,

Berstetz: [――High Countess Serena Dracroy, is it?]

Spotting a dragon ship sporting flaming red sails among the Flying Dragon Squadron approaching from beyond the sky, Berstetz understood the threat of the reinforcements that the rebels had prepared.

When it came to controlling flying dragons, his faction also possessed one of the Nine Divine Generals, Madelyn Eschart. In front of said dragonkin, all flying dragons were slaves to her will. ——However, the only exceptions to that were the flying dragons who had forged bonds with a tamer, through the technique of flying dragon taming.

Berstetz: [Even so, it would merely be a struggle for air supremacy. No, if she has summoned the Cloud Dragon, then that presumption must also change.]

Despite the shock of the Magic Crystal Cannon’s nullification, Berstetz had not neglected his grasp of the battlefield.

During the fierce battles that had unfolded at the five bastions, even the colors of the heavens and the earth had experienced erratic changes due to various battlefields. And in one of those battles, the descent of the mighty Dragon had been spotted.

As a dragonkin, Madelyn was able to summon the Dragon which was connected to her ancestors.

Up until now, she had never called the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia to the ground—— her summoning it would change the flow of the battle, drastically.

Of course, the circumstances under which Madelyn would summon Mezoreia were impossible to intuit, meaning it was possible that simply driving her into a corner could suffice.

Berstetz: [Be that as it may, in the case that flying dragons fight each other for air supremacy…]

In both quantity and quality, Berstetz believed that they held the advantage.

The determined decision of High Countess Serena Dracroy to side with the rebels must have been a rage-inducing mistake for the men of Vollachia, yet――,

Berstetz: [――?]

Thinking this, Berstetz was staring towards the western sky as he realized something.

He had been completely fixated on the slowly approaching Flying Dragon Squadron, but that had not been the sole change that had occurred in the west.

――A closer look to the hills to the west revealed the shape of a group deploying anew.

For a moment, they appeared to be the forces of High Countess Dracroy, but Berstetz quickly changed his mind as it became evident that this was not the case.

The reason for that was simple. The flag that group was hosting.

It sported neither the crest of High Countess Dracroy, that of a flying dragon with a scar on its cheek, nor the national emblem of the Vollachian Empire, the wolf pierced by swords, but an entirely different flag.

Slightly troubled by what was portrayed on it, Berstetz said,

Berstetz: [――Is that, a star?]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Oi bro, what’re ya doin’!? We’re completely late already!?]

???: [Stop with the fussin’, lizard bastard… Schwartz’s in the middle of somethin’…!]

???: [Sure, he’s in the middle of something, but Hiain has a point. What are we going to do? Should we join the ranks of the rebel army like this?]

???: [Wow, do you see that, Boss ? The right and left are all over the place, it truly is a great, decisive battle! Where should we go, I can’t stop my chest from throbbing!]

Subaru: [AHHHH, SHUT UP!! Can’t you see that I’m in a very moving scene right now!?]

As a group of familiar voices barged in, making a huge ruckus, Natsuki Subaru rebuked them. He was reminded how dangerously accustomed he had become to being Natsuki Schwartz these days.

Although Natsuki Schwartz was ultimately just an alias, he felt strongly about his real name, the one he ought to be called by, being Natsuki Subaru.

Rather――,

Subaru: [It’s fine to take that as you calling my name, right?]

Louis: [Uau! Uau, uau, uauuu~!]

Subaru: [I get it! I get it already so don’t spill your snot all over me! Yuck!]

So Subaru responded, and with force he pushed away the face of the blonde-haired girl clinging to him―― Louis, as she drenched him in her tears and snot.

But he was unable to shake Louis off with full resolve, since he was also greatly indebted to her for the far too valuable contributions she had amassed.

Subaru had already asked too many things of Louis he could not make amends for.

Although he could exculpate himself for having no other recourse.

Subaru: [If I do that, I don’t deserve to face you. So I’ll do it right.]

Louis: [Uuu~…]

As she rested her forehead while clinging on to Subaru’s back, Louis groaned.

Whether that was her way of forgiving him, or whether she was just happy to be reunited with him, Subaru sighed, accepting that she did not seem to harbor any negative feelings.

Not only did he have to apologize to Louis, but he also owed her many thanks.

But the one he was most thankful for――,

Subaru: [――Beatrice.]

Tightly, he hugged her and invoked her name, stroking her ample hair. The one true reason why the owner of such a sheer volume of curly hair and a gorgeous dress, a little girl ill-fitted to the battlefield, was present on it was, no matter how one looked at it, Subaru.

She had certainly done something incredibly reckless, for her to come near to disappearing as she had.

That was why――,

Beatrice: [――Subaru.]

As those lips uttered his name indeed, Subaru breathed a sigh of relief.

His name was truly “Natsuki Subaru”, once again――.

???: [――Excuse me, Schwartz-sama?]

Subaru: [Uwah!]

Feeling relieved, Subaru’s shoulders jumped upon hearing an unexpected whisper close to his ear. He turned around by reflex, and present there was a lovely, familiar face―― Tanza’s.

The deergirl clad in a kimono stared at Subaru with her usual expressionless face, while the latter sat on his butt holding Beatrice in his arms, and with Louis clung to his back.

Tanza: [I apologize for interrupting your amusement. But Hiain-sama and the others are correct. We do not have enough time to spare for leisure activities.]

Subaru: [Leisure activities? Isn’t that a bit harsh…]

Tanza: [We do not have enough time to spare for leisure activities.]

Subaru: [Sorrysorry, my bad…! I understand your feelings, Tanza. Yorna-san will probably also be somewhere on this battlefield.]

Rushed by a cold, firm voice, Subaru admitted his wrongdoing, displaying his understanding. Thereupon, Tanza slightly lowered her round eyebrows and muttered, “Yes”.

Tanza, who had ended up accompanying Subaru following a series of events, was a girl who had originally been a servant to Yorna Mishigure, the ruler of the Demon City of Chaosflame.

While suppressing her desire to meet up with Yorna as soon as possible, Tanza had joined Subaru on his journey, and finally, their reunion was close at hand.

Being in such a restless state of mind, it was fairly understandable of her to feel the urge to interrupt Subaru who was getting a head start on his own joyful reunion.

However――,

Beatrice: […Subaru, what is the deal with this… this impertinent deergirl?]

Writhing in Subaru’s arms, Beatrice looked up at Tanza, declaring thus in a somewhat dissatisfied voice. Promptly, Tanza gazed towards Beatrice,

Tanza: [My name is Tanza. Due to a series of events, I have been serving as Schwartz-sama’s attendant.]

Beatrice: [Hmph, I understand, in fact. Thank you for your hard work, I suppose. From now on, Betty and the others will take care of Subaru, so you can consider yourself dismissed, in fact.]

Tanza: [You will take care of him? In that state? It appears like you cannot even move properly without Schwartz-sama holding you in his arms…]

Beatrice: [Subaru’s purpose in life is to hold onto Betty, so this is fine, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Waitwaitwaitwait, why are we fighting!? As fellow little girls, shouldn’t you get along!?]

For some reason, a perilous atmosphere had broken out all of a sudden between the two girls; caught in the middle, Subaru’s voice involuntarily cracked.

For Tanza, typically composed as she was, this attitude was both unbefitting and unendearing, but in a good way. Not that Subaru was unaware that he should not tell a young girl how immature she was being.

Subaru: [Tanza, Beatrice, don’t fight, you two. You’re allies, both of you. Come on.]

Tanza: [Beatrice-sama was poking her nose first. Also, Yorna-sama told me to respond in kind to contemptible people who act heedlessly.]

Subaru: [She really told such a Code of Hammurabi-type of thing? I didn’t know that… Then, you should be sorry… Beatrice?] [1]

Subaru attempted to mediate between them as Beatrice’s round eyes stared at him motionlessly. Enthralled by the characteristic pattern of her pupils, Subaru tilted his neck, asking “What’s wrong?”.

Then, Beatrice’s lips trembled and quivered, and she spoke,

Beatrice: [Just now, you called that girl’s name before Betty’s, in fact. What’s the meaning of this, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Huh? Did I?]

Beatrice: [You did, in fact! How utterly infuriating, I suppose! I won’t stand for this no matter what, in fact!]

Her eyes flaring up in anger, Beatrice grabbed his collar and shook her head back and forth. Upon hearing this unexpected ruling, Subaru also became dizzy.

And then, getting fed up with this back and forth going absolutely nowhere,

???: [――Schwartz, even I, as the official, have limits to my patience. You should be aware of this, correct?]

Beatrice: [Mya!]

Subaru: [Oh.]

A baritone, oppressive voice fell upon them; Beatrice screamed even before Subaru. Tracing Beatrice’s baffled gaze, Subaru understood her surprise.

Standing there, in a black overcoat with four folded arms, was a stern-faced Gustav Morello staring down at them.

Being the Governor of the Gladiator Island, his position would normally be that of keeping Subaru and his men captive, yet he now was a collaborator of those who were now brazenly travelling outside of the island―― No, he was a comrade of theirs.

This was not limited to just him. Gathered at that very place was not only the large number of people accompanying Subaru from the Gladiator Island, but also companions who had joined them in the meantime as comrades.

Beatrice: [S-Subaru, this man…]

Subaru: [That’s Gustav-san. He looks scary, but at his core he’s frighteningly diligent. Gustav-san, the one on my back is Louis, and this girl is Beatrice. She’s my…]

Gustav: […Your?]

Subaru: [Um… I mean, you know, that.]

Stroking Beatrice’s back as she curled up, Subaru was at a loss for words coming up with an explanation for Gustav. Witnessing that, Gustav, Tanza and Beatrice all frowned.

At the numerous stares directed towards him, Subaru awkwardly scratched his head and,

Subaru: […I’ll fill you in on the details later.]

Gustav: [Hey now.]

Beactrice: [Wait, I suppose! Subaru, could it be that not only your appearance, but also your mind has been… slightly…]

Gustav accepted Subaru’s overly sloppy misdirection in his overly serious way of being. But, as Beatrice was about to hit the nail too straight on the head, Subaru covered her mouth.

And then, he whispered to Beatrice’s ear, who was struggling noisily.

Subaru: [Explaining that I’ve shrunken is going to be complicated. So I’m going to keep it to myself for now.]

Beatrice: […Do you really remember Betty, in fact?]

Subaru: [I really do love you, that’s why I have to do this.]

Seeing Beatrice’s questioning look, Subaru replied then squeezed her hand, intertwining the fingers of his small hand with those of Beatrice’s also small hand.

As soon as he did so, Subaru was momentarily assaulted by a dizzying sense of emptiness. But it did not last forever; only the initial pang had been large.

Subaru: [I couldn’t go on living without you. Isn’t that so?]

Beatrice: […Betty gets the feeling you’re quite skilled at pulling the wool over her eyes, I suppose. Besides…]

Subaru: [Besides?]

Beatrice: [——. Subaru, something is off, in fact.]

Warmth flowed from within Subaru to Beatrice as they held each other’s hands in front of one another. Instinctively, Subaru was aware that this was not a bad thing, but rather a reassurance.

His memory of Beatrice had become slightly hazy in some parts, as only some details had become blurry, but he was somewhat optimistic it would all be alright once his body was returned to normal.

In any case, close to Subaru as he viewed the situation in such a positive view, Beatrice furrowed her shapely brow, apparently pondering something.

Subaru: [As adorable as your thinking expression is, what exactly feels off?]

Beatrice: […Subaru, while you were separated from Betty, you had no method of expelling Mana, I suppose. So it’s natural that Mana would pile up, but this amount is…]

Subaru: [——?]

Beatrice’s long eyelashes trembled as she tightened her fingers as if to confirm. Before Subaru, whose head was tilted, her lips spilled a voice bereft of sound.

Certainly, she had muttered something of this sort. ——That it was “too much”.

But before the truth of the situation could be ascertained——,

Hiain: [——Ah, bro, bad news! That Cecilus guy went ahead!]

Subaru: [Whaaa!?]

Hiain’s shrill voice rose like a scream, and Subaru hurriedly turned his head. Hiain pointed in the direction his own gaze was being cast, to a battlefield where fierce relentless clashes ensued unending, a cloud of dust raging on towards it without stopping.

It was the evidence of an impatient, unruly boy rushing down the hillside.

Weitz: [What now? Should I bring him back or…?]

Subaru: [No, as much as I appreciate your thoughts, that’d be too much for you, Weitz. To begin with, it’s impossible for anyone to stop Ceci… Flag.]

Idra: [Got you, Schwartz.]

While harboring annoyed thoughts at the distant cloud of dust, Subaru took into consideration the positive aspects of the boy’s rampage,  since he knew full well from his journey so far that would be unable to rein him in.

Having regained his composure, Subaru made his next request, and it was Idra who moved keenly. Alongside Weitz, they slowly raised the flag right there.

And this action was followed by a massive number of their comrades in arms surrounding them.

Flag after flag was raised; to those in their environs, the appearance would be that the group upon the hillside was firmly united.

Subaru: [Louis, could you get off my back.]

Louis: [Ahh, uh!]

Subaru: [I’m not going to disappear out of the blue again, I assure you. I’ve made peace with what caused me to get whisked away.]

Subaru persuaded Louis, who was still traumatized by his disappearance and reluctant to leave Subaru’s back. She was still skeptical, but in the end, she left Subaru’s back by her own will.

Still, her reluctance was evident of a certain lack of trust.

Beatrice: [——. Betty has no intention of ever leaving, in fact.]

Subaru: [Yeah, you stay with me. ——Tanza, is everything ready?]

Tanza: [Yes. ——The Pleiades Battalion is ready to go at any time.] [2]

Behind the bowing Tanza, Subaru smiled to himself as he watched his comrades raise their flags, their weapons, and their fighting spirits.

Their morale was high, their motivation filled to the brim, their objective was in sight. All that was left was to seize it.

Subaru: [Since Ceci probably knows my plan without me telling him each and every detail, that’s just his usual amusement… Well, let’s get started, everyone!]

Everyone: [YEAHHHHHHH――!!]

Beatrice: [——Hk.]

There was a tremendous response to Subaru’s call, as Beatrice’s breath got caught in her throat.

If one were to hear it for the first time, this would come as a guaranteed surprise. However, Subaru’s ears had already grown accustomed to it, and it was a very important pre-fight ritual.

Louis: [Uau?]

Beatrice: [Subaru, just what do you intend on doing, I suppose?]

Louis and Beatrice, who had just joined Subaru, looked up at him, not knowing the details of the situation.

Closing a single eye as to meet their gaze, Subaru took a step forward, excitement welling up from deep within his body, which he firmly contained in his slender legs.

And then, he declared.

Subaru: [Isn’t it obvious? ——We’re gonna ruin this stupid war that my shitty father started.]

Translation note:

[1] – The Code of Hammurabi is one of the longest and best-preserved legal texts from ancient eras. In general, the laws there-in described follow the principle of “an eye for an eye”; underneath Tanza’s statement is present that very same principle. For more information, see here .

[2] – In Japanese, Pleiades Battalion (プレアデス戦団) is actually a wordplay of Pleiades Star Cluster (プレアデス星団).

--- Chapter 98: The Pleiades Battalion ---

Arc 7 Chapter 97 #rezero #リゼロ pic.twitter.com/o5fYJKVMdS

— ☆witchy☆ (@witchcultist) January 6, 2023

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The Kingdom of Lugunica. The Vollachian Empire. The Holy Kingdom of Gusteko. The Kararagi City-States.

Each of these nations, commonly referred to as the Four Great Countries, had developed its own culture, which was tailored to its land; Most notable amongst them, were the pro-dragon mentality of the Kingdom of Lugunica and the Spirit-focused creed of the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko. The Four Great Countries had taken different paths, as if by design.

This was true not only in terms of national customs and culture, but also in terms of the quality of their “warriors”.

In the Vollachian Empire, “magic” had hardly developed at all.

Whether people were within its borders or not mattered naught, as the Gates that people possessed, and other prerequisites of that ilk, differed in nothing from those possessed by those of another countries. But compared to Lugunica and Kararagi, the Empire lagged far behind the others in this area.

The Empire, however, did not take that fact to heart.

Of course, falling behind other countries in any field was not welcome, but the fact that the field of magic was not developed meant that other fields had been developed instead.

Compared to the technological prowess of the Kararagi City-States, the Spiritual Arts and Curse Arts of the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko, and the magical disciplines of the Kingdom of Lugunica, the Vollachian Empire excelled in the martial arts.

???: [Sometimes it’s faster to just swoop in and hit them than to use magic, right?]

And, while this not-Spiritual Arts User-like statement was one that ought not be espoused by one such person, the gist of the general attitude towards magic in the Vollachian Empire was more-or-less that.

Though it was a highly misunderstood fact, the kind that had gone unwritten in any books at that, the use of Mana in the human body was not only limited to casting magic.

No small number of martial arts techniques had their foundation in the use of Mana, in the same way it was used in Spirit Arts, Curse Arts, and in the activation of some Meteors.

It was perfectly natural for an elite warrior, especially, to use Mana to strengthen his own body.

Supposing an occasion where one possessing unnatural physical abilities were to be compared to an ordinary person, the trick would lay in the handling of the Mana that circulated within the body――a technique called the Flow Method, which was done consciously.

However――,

???: [Cha-cha-cha-cha!]

With a thump, only one foot touched the ground, and in an instant the distance closed by a dozen meters.

Tracking the figure, from the perspective of a bystander, would seem as if time had been stolen, given its extraordinary body movements. But that was no optical illusion, nor was there present an anomaly in said bystander’s eyes.

The anomaly was none other than the blue-haired boy running through the battlefield.

Following the explanation given immediately before, the boy’s sprinting, which effortlessly transcended human limitations, was without a doubt brought about by the Flow Method. However, there was no caveat to the boy’s young age and sharp good looks; no record of the days spent learning such techniques was present, apparently.

In the world, beings of the sort were seldom seen. ――Beings who were born unknowingly exercising the Flow Method, which was even said to be the pinnacle of martial arts, beings that left those shackled by the natural order in the dust.

Running down the hillside in a single breath, the boy plunged into the battlefield in search of the honor of being the vanguard.

Although――,

Blue-Haired Boy: [If the battle’s already begun, the honor of being the vanguard isn’t there, but let’s not fret about the details!]

Intruding upon the battlefield hailing from the western lands, he gazed at the great army surrounding the star-shaped ramparts in the distance. The long, slit eyes of the boy were blazing, moist with excitement unthinkable in a battlefield where grief and joy alternated.

A being that went into battle without proper footwear, without armor or a helmet, without a cause of any kind―― a barbaric act that could be seen as hostile by those inside and by those outside the walls both; by those who wished to protect the current Empire, and by those who wanted to destroy it.

However――,

Blue-Haired Boy: [The high level of ambition is a point worthy of note. With or without it, the appeal of your speech that flows from your mouth changes. It’s just――]

???: [Who the!?]

Small groups dressed in red gear and crude armor, each composed of dozens of people clearly hostile to one another, were engaged in skirmishes. The young boy, unconnected to either, intruded; a soldier wielding a sword cried out.

‘Twas an admirably clear tone of voice, holding a mixture of anger, frustration, excitement, but fighting spirit prevailed. It was a clever move, one which incited caution towards someone who had intruded on the battlefield.

Blue-Haired Boy: [――But it’s fatally slow!]

???: [Kah!]

Shouting had been the right choice, but stopping and asking their identity had been a misstep.

The right choice would be to assume any being who appeared on the battlefield without revealing his or her allegiance to be an enemy. The soldier should not have stopped at only alerting his surroundings, he ought to have attacked with his sword upon hearing that voice.

Still, the enemy was faster, and if needed, ten or twenty other faults could be pointed out.

Blue-Haired Boy: [Oh, and if what you just said was a line that came out because you didn’t ask my affiliation, but because you had no idea who I was, then, sorry for being too lightning-fast, I’d say.]

Behind the boy babbling nonstop, a soldier opening his eyes wide collapsed onto the ground. As they passed each other, the former had driven his hand akin to a sharp blade into the other’s neck. The boy had expected himself to be capable of chopping the soldier’s head off, but the blow had not been powerful enough.

Shaking and swinging his arms around, he twisted his head as he felt that something was off after all.

Blue-Haired Boy: [It’s so frustrating when you feel able to do something, but actually aren’t. Not that I have any plans to mix up my ideals and wishes with what’s realistically feasible. Well, if I accidentally let him die, I’m going to sink in the Boss’s estimation, so let’s call that a good result!]

Immediately after shaking off his uncertainty so brusquely, the laughing boy’s figure turned into a blur.

A moment later, he avoided a sword strike descending on his position, and the back of the boy’s zori hit the soldier’s face from the side, launching him in the opposite direction [1] . Furthermore, the boy leapt off the soldier as he kicked him, and landing amidst the group who was tailing the soldier, he delivered a single blow to a vital point of each one of them before disengaging―― Rather, taking the opportunity as he withdrew,  he slipped right into a group nearby, cutting off the consciousness of another five or so. All had happened in the blink of an eye.

Both the follow-up and the main objective were a criminal act to bereave the surrounding soldiers of their time.

In other words, the mastery of this boy over his own body was beyond human comprehension and could not be pursued with raw strength―― one could call it the ultimate lineage of martial arts developed in the Vollachian Empire.

Of course, it was not so easy for anyone to analyze such a situation on the battlefield, or to swallow the fact that a child twelve or thirteen years of age could be capable of such a thing.

Above anything else――,

Blue-Haired Boy: [――Tactless.]

???: [――――]

Blue-Haired Boy: [It’s tactless to try to undermine the skill and good looks of a star actor during his performance. On stage, nothing more is needed than to be admired, to enthrall and captivate. Of course, if I were to ascend to the stage in the same way, I’d have to assert a more flamboyant appearance by means of an opponent… worthy of it.]

The group gasped at the boy frowning down upon his surroundings, as he stood in the middle of the Imperial Soldiers slowly becoming discouraged.

The soldiers on both sides were supposed to be clashing weapons and fighting for their lives, yet were overwhelmed by the boy’s presence, bereaved not only of their time, but their very lives.

Blue-Haired Boy: [Hmmm, the blessing of an actor…]

Was to bereave others of their lives. The boy got a certain satisfaction from that realization.

As the boy was savoring this sense of accomplishment, among the numerous defeated soldiers bereft of their time that were opposing the Imperial Soldiers, was one poorly-armed warrior who opened his mouth with a “You”,

Soldier: [Where’s this guy from? Is he one of ours?]

Blue-Haired Boy: [Hmm, hmmhmm, whose side am I on? That’s quite a good question from you. What do you think I am? Friend or foe?]

Soldier: [――――]

The warrior clammed up once he had his question returned with another question delivered in such a “I can’t be bothered” fashion. The boy’s smile deepened at this, shaking his head, letting out “No, no”,

Blue-Haired Boy: [I wasn’t teasing you. I was just thinking about it seriously, too. I’m constantly thinking about that stuff. I didn’t really listen to the Boss , so I don’t really know who’s on my side.]

Soldier: [Huh?]

Blue-Haired Boy: [So for now, I’m just going to act as the herald of justice for both sides.]

The warrior widened his eyes with amazement, then his startled face became a horizontal blur, and in the moment subsequent to that, he was flipped over onto the ground.

The smirking boy’s figure vanished into thin air, and this time he sneakily intruded into a group of warriors who had been fighting the Imperial Soldiers he had just defeated, and vigorously he beat them all down.

As the blue hair danced, as the sound of sharp strikes seemingly echoed through the air, the consciousnesses of the warriors were erased without as much as a bitter cry. This violence, was just like a storm―― No, it was like,

???: [A Blue Thunderbolt…]

Blue-Haired Boy: [Oh, marvelous. That’s precisely the alias I was thinking of calling myself, too.]

The warrior, who spilled a breath snatched in shock, was rendered unconscious after the end of that sentence.

It was the Vollachian way to respond to both friendly and hostile attitudes with equal violence―― yet, this savagery would probably even make the Emperor of this country raise his eyebrows.

But no one was capable of stopping the boy.

Yet it remained absolutely the correct thing to do according to the way of the Empire.

???: [OOOOOOOOOOOOOHH――!]

Belated did the warriors respond to the threat posed by that small whirlwind of a boy.

No longer were there any distinctions between Imperial Soldiers and rebels, but everyone was united in the thought of stopping that boy. It was, in a sense, the scene of a great achievement, that of stopping a civil war single-handedly, if only in this small space.

However, the steeled resolve of these heroes was not met with a peaceful answer.

Lean back to avoid the blade. Dance backwards to avoid fist strikes. Slip between the legs to avoid axe blows. Dodge arrows, dodge spears, dodge fangs, dodge shields, avoid, avoid, avoid, avoid, duck, duck, duck, duck, evade, evade, evade, evade, dodge, dodge, dodge, dodge――.

???: [Without any weapon…]

Blue-Haired Boy: [Yeah, that’s quite a predicament. I’d like to embellish my highlight poses by showing off my skills with a weapon rather than with my bare hands, but I don’t want to use something half-baked either. After all, the best only know the best. Ah, look at me sounding like the Boss .]

???: [ Bosu …?]

Blue-Haired Boy: [Right. ――He’s our, the Pleiades Battalion’s, leader!]

The boy’s smile grew deeper as he boasted, effortlessly dodging the killing intent and hostility being hurled at him. The unfamiliar words uttered by the boy’s mouth filled the warriors with a sense of inexplicable fear.

Any of them were supposed to have been willing to risk their own lives in the battle to decide the course of this Empire.

Nevertheless, they did not know the affiliation of the boy toying with them, the limit to his strength, the true meaning of his words and deeds, or anything else.

Even though they did not know what was going on, everything seemed to be going as per the boy’s wishes――.

――The next moment, a tremendous war cry was heard, hailing from the direction of some hills in the far distance.

Who could blame the warriors for shuddering with a “Hk――”? Similar turmoil and confusion spread to the other warriors as well.

Hence, the smile on the boy’s mouth became larger, not because he was mocking the frightened state of the warriors, but due to something more straightforward.

Blue-Haired Boy: [Well, thus concludes the first climax, Boss . ――Make sure to finish it off flamboyantly.]

△▼△▼△▼△

At this point, it is necessary to mention a very unfortunate fact about “magic”.

It would be an issue different from the one described previously, that of the Vollachian Empire having only developed physical martial arts and the Flow Method, rather than having developed magical techniques.

Amidst the six magic attributes in which the magic system of the world was divided, Yin Magic and Yang Magic had only a few wielders, but the neglect they suffered was justified by reasons other than their study being difficult.

Manipulating temperature, the Fire attribute produced flames and even ice.

Interfering with an organism’s life force, the Water attribute facilitated the healing of wounds and illnesses, saving lives.

Arranging the environment by interfering with the atmosphere, the Wind attribute was able to even secure habitable areas in inhospitable regions.

Manipulating the earth’s power, the Earth attribute could fertilize as well as starve out the land.

Compared to each of those attributes, the usage of which could be clearly envisioned, the Yin and Yang attributes were basically thought of as effects that either enhanced or hampered the performance of one’s body.

While technically a misconception, the fact that such an image had taken hold was a major factor as to why the development of magic of the Yin and Yang attributes was so lacking.

And albeit surprising, the one that still possessed a reputation for being especially out of place and useless was the Yang attribute―― which held the power to enhance people’s capabilities.

Knowing the primary effects of Yang Magic, many may be tempted to question the assessment it received.

However, the more one attempted to take advantage of the features of Yang Magic, the bigger and more unavoidable its problems became.

For example, when it came down to performance on the battlefield, those who enhanced their physical abilities via Yang Magic would suffer complete defeat by the enemy, in most cases.

The reason was simple. They could not handle their own enhanced bodies at all, they were unable to demonstrate their strength whatsoever; it was as if they were in control of someone else’s body.

Enhancing one’s abilities could perhaps be summed up as strengthening the five senses, such as eyesight and hearing; enhancing physical abilities, such as arm and leg strength; and strengthening defenses, such as increasing bone and muscle density.

However, warriors would always train their own bodies, would always take to the battlefield with a complete grasp on their own skills.

As for those targeted by Yang Magic, they would discard their normal selves and head to the battlefield in a new body donning enhanced specs. As a result, many of them would perish without achieving anything.

The problem went even further, as the efficacy of Yang Magic was greatly affected by the skill of the caster themselves, as well as their physical and mental condition that day.

Even if a warrior who had been subjected to Yang Magic were able to adapt to his enhanced body, there was no guarantee that the same enhancement being performed by the same caster on the very next day would be as effective.

Yang Magic was not expected to improve one’s ability to fight consistently; on the contrary, it was recognized as a flaw that prevented one from demonstrating one’s usual abilities in adequate fashion. ――This, was the reason why Yang Magic had been neglected.

In the past, the Vollachian Empire had also focused its attention on the power of magic, and it’d had an Emperor who had intended to amass the most powerful army. The Thirty-First Emperor of the Vollachian Empire, Murkia Vollachia, had planned to utilize Yang Magic to turn a powerful army into an even more powerful one.

Taking into account the aforementioned shortcomings, he had enlisted Yang Magic users into his powerful army, training them so that their enhanced state would become their natural state, and then went into actual battle.

However, the results that had unfolded had been disastrous; the powerful army became dependent on the enhancements, being defeated before any Yang Magic could be applied. The skills of the casters, so essential they were, varied; and being unable to function in a cohesive fashion, the army had been sent packing by forces superior in numbers. Even the Emperor’s life had been in jeopardy.

The war finally concluded when Viva the Dissector, a close ally of the then-Emperor of Vollachia, ended the enemy leader. But because of this colossal defeat, Murkia Vollachia was engraved into history with an ignominious alias, “The Emperor of the Great Defeat”.

Because of this precedent, the value of Yang Magic, and thus the value of magic as a whole, was reduced in Vollachia, leading to the spread of the idea that mastery of martial arts was the mark of a strong soldier.

This had not changed to this day, and Vincent Vollachia, with all his wisdom, had dismissed the use of Yang Magic in group battles as something that dispensed consideration.

In fact, given a user of Yang Magic was only capable of enhancing one target at a time, the deployment of an army that required a plurality of soldiers working in unison was a pipe dream.

Therefore, Yin Magic had remained as a means of harassment, in the sense that it inflicted unusual physical effects on the enemy, but magic had declined in the Vollachian Empire―― even in other countries, Yang Magic was considered a cursed practice that was seldom used barring for self-enhancement.

――However, as with everything, there were exceptions.

???: [Let’s do it, you guys――!!]

With a large inhale, the boy’s voice, still shrill, was raised in the hills off to the distant west of the battlefield.

With the boy at their heart, the warriors who spread out atop the hill―― a band of no fewer than several thousand people raised their flag, one after the other, for the sake of expressing the unity and will of the group.

A symbol of a will to fight that must never subside, one of the large flags was also held aloft beside the boy by a man whose body was covered in tattoos, accompanied by a gray lizardman, and a man with a dull appearance that yet contained a dignified look in his eyes.

Depicted on the hoisted flag, recognizable even from a distance, was an emblem with the shape of a star.

It was not the crest of one’s family nor the national emblem, but merely the proof of where their hearts lay; a declaration of war of that kind, and naught else.

The group assembled was a diverse one―― without exaggeration, it was composed of many races.

Even within Vollachia, where a gargantuan number of species lived and coexisted, there were few relationships consisting of cooperation across racial boundaries. One of the few exceptions which had been able to function as a city was the Demon City of Chaosflame, and even during the siege of the Imperial Capital, there had been no semblance of cooperation among the rebels.

And yet, this group was different.

One could look at it as if they were merely working together for the sake of the same goal. However, that alone would not be able to gather them under a flag to demonstrate their collective will.

It was not that they possessed the same goals, rather, they possessed a shared will.

Hence why this group―― Nay, why the Pleiades Battalion, was capable of serving as a trump card.

Spearheading those banners and the comrades he had gathered, a boy of black hair―― Natsuki Subaru, exclaimed.

Subaru: [――WE, ARE THE STRONGEST!!]

Pleiades: [STRONGEST! STRONGEST!! STRONGEST――!!!]

A war cry was raised in unison, thundering throughout the sky, as tremendous fighting spirit spread through the battlefield like tongues of flame.

Beatrice, embraced within Subaru’s arms as he yelled, covered her ears, staring bewildered. Likewise, Louis also jumped onto Subaru, though only those two young girls were surprised.

Subaru: [――WE, ARE INVINCIBLE!!]

Pleiades: [INVINCIBLE! INVINCIBLE!! INVINCIBLE――!!!]

Hiain, Weitz, Idra, Gustav, Orson’s group, Old Man Null, Rex, Milzac, Kashew, Moizo, Deeroy, Creegkin, Codroe, Phenmelle, Jawsrough, Tanza; each one of them roared loudly.

The ground quaked as they stamped their feet upon the soil, the quaking beckoning further quaking, as they roused their fighting spirit.

The recesses of his chest were burning.

That burning, burning, oh so burning, promising, irresistible something, coursed through the entirety of his body.

Letting that burning, promising, irresistible something ride off his tongue――,

Subaru: [――OHHHHHHHHHHH INEVITABLE FAAAAAAAATE!!]

Pleiades: [BRING IT ON! BRING IT ON!! BRING IT ONNNNNNN――!!!]

The group bellowed in unison, and all of their eyes turned to the fore, to the battlefield at the foot of the hill.

And then――,

Subaru: [――Here we go.]

△▼△▼△▼△

The sensation of the sky, of the ground, of the world shaking was felt by everyone on the battlefield at that moment.

Among those who could not treat it as somebody else’s problem, were those on the western ramparts who would come to meet the flag-bearing groups running down the hillside from head-on―― in other words, the Imperial Soldiers that had been ordered to defend the fourth bastion, which was closest to said posse.

???: [But――]

Not giving in to their fighting spirit, Imperial General Second-Class Gudda Dialmo, the Tiger Hunter, held his ground.

For a moment, they had been overwhelmed by the sudden appearance and high morale of the opposition, but the Imperial Soldiers subordinate to the Tiger Hunter, were not so wet behind the ears as to be overwhelmed by loose cannons of the sort, however.

Above all, the wear and tear on Gudda and his men was almost minimal as far as this battlefield was concerned.

A tremendous siege had been laid against the Imperial Capital, but the harsh attacks made against the other bastions had brought on almost no effects on this fourth bastion.

Without a doubt, that was Olbart Dunkelkenn’s achievement, who reigned as the guardian of the fourth bastion. It could be called a demonstration of the Vicious Old Man’s capabilities.

???: [In the first place, it’s a good idea ta cut off the opponent’s legs before they even make it here. Basic rule of warfare’s ta sever everythin’ ya can’t fight without, be it water or weapons.]

The Vicious Old Man described the reason why the enemy’s offensive was overwhelmingly weak compared to other bastions with cruelty such that it sent chills down the spines of the troops imagining the horror of not being on the same side as him.

However, even Olbart had been forced to rush to another bastion to fulfil his role of protecting the Imperial Capital, as it was about to be broken through.

Therefore, the fourth bastion was currently lacking the power of the Divine Generals, the greatest strength of the Empire.

Olbart’s legacy, his trained superhuman shinobi, were needed to deal with the Flying Dragon Squadron that had appeared from the sky in the same direction the approaching army hailed from, the west.

Since they did not possess any ranged weapons, the shinobi’s techniques were their only means of defending themselves against the Flying Dragon Squadron.

And in regards to the group fiercely rushing in――,

Gudda: [――I’ll deal with you with all my soul!]

With these words, Gudda Dialmo stared at the enemy in front of him, carrying the signature armament of the Tiger Hunter―― two metal clubs, each weighing nearly a hundred kilograms.

Gudda’s alias was attributed to the fact that, back when he was still a General Third-Class, he had decimated a group of tigerpeople who were tyrannizing the country, taking the head of the enemy leader who had killed the General Second-Class previously in command.

As a result of that heroic fight to the death, the muscular body of the over two-meter-tall Gudda was scarred from head to belly with white marks left by tiger claws, so he came to be known as the “Tiger Hunter” after word of that fierce battle had spread.

Gudda’s will to fight had remained unshaken even as his army was on the verge of collapse after its General had been killed.

Henceforth, why should he be afraid of being outnumbered, with the heavy burden that laid at his back?

Gudda: [We’ll take you on!]

With a yell like a cannon firing, Gudda’s huge body kicked off the ground and closed in on the enemy horde.

Following Gudda’s lead, his subordinates, each carrying their weapons of choice, rushed toward the star-bearing flag looming from the west.

Gudda: [――That one.]

As his own feet brought him closer to the moment of the groups’ clash, Gudda strained his eyes, focusing on the vanguard of the enemy―― in front of the group that was causing the ground to rumble, was present a red Galewind Horse charging in.

What had caught his attention was the man pulling the reins of the Galewind Horse―― Nay, that was false. The man was merely a reinsman, rather, what had warranted his attention was the small figure the man riding on the Galewind Horse carried.

A black-haired boy holding a girl in his arms was looking straight at them with his dark eyes.

In that moment, the only thought passing through Gudda’s mind was that the boy was neither running ahead nor deviating from his position, but was charging forward as if it were natural for him to be in that position.

A boy of black hair and black eyes, just like the black-haired Crown Prince in the rumor that had been spread since before the start of the war.

Gudda: [――Hk!]

Gudda killed off the thought by clenching his molars, focusing on what he must do.

Taking advantage of a ridiculous rumor, the rebels had prepared a large number of black-haired Crown Princes and challenged the Imperial Capital to a decisive battle, foolishly so. Therefore, the Generals who had been tasked with defending the Capital―― or rather, all the troops, Privates and Generals alike, had made up their minds.

The authenticity of the black-haired child is of no concern. ――There is but one Emperor we ought to look up to.

Gudda: [――You damned traitors, stabbing our Emperor Vincent Vollachia in the back!!]

Dual-wielding his two heavy metal clubs, Gudda roared like a tiger, symbol of what he hunted as per his name, and drew nearer to the boy charging at the front of the pack.

At the front, was a boy riding a red Galewind Horse whom the rebels were following.

Being a General himself, Gudda wished to crush the enemy’s fighting spirit with a single blow by mowing them all down, so he did. The impact of the strike was so tremendous that it would cause fragile eardrums to explode.

Gudda’s thick arms also felt a satisfying feedback, but his eyes widened.

The black-haired boy was supposed to have been crushed together with the Galewind Horse, but what the metal clubs had perceived was neither the boy, nor the Galewind Horse he was riding――,

???: [I have to protect Schwartz, as it is now my duty as the official.]

With a body larger than his Gudda’s own, with four thick, strong arms, he held a large shield in his hand, which he used to directly block the blow―― or rather, both blows from Gudda’s metal clubs.

Gudda’s throat choked up at the sight, one that was astonishing even taking into account the physical capabilities of the Multi-Arm Tribe.

Slipping into that momentary delay――,

???: [And… it’s my job to beat up Schwartz’s enemies…!]

Gudda: [——Hk!]

The voice, hushed yet courageous, and filled with a strong sense of pride and honor, had its owner pummel Gudda in the torso, launching the latter’s massive body into the sky.

The man who Gudda had seen strike him as he let out a “Gah” donned tattoos all over his body and wielded a large two-handed hammer.

He was well-trained. But with his physique and amateurish movements, how could he have―― No, the correct thing to question was not merely what had happened to his own body.

Rebels: [OOORAAAAHH——!!!]

Gudda, who had taken the lead, was blown away, and the clashes between the rebels and Imperial Soldiers continued afterwards.

Even if Gudda’s head were to be chopped off, he had trained his men well enough so that they would not lose their will to fight. It was precisely because of this pride that they could hardly believe their own eyes.

All at once, before they could even mount a decent resistance, the Imperial Soldiers were utterly crushed and pulverized by the offense of the oncoming rebel horde.

The sight was so shocking that Gudda’s entire body was filled with an indignation greater than the one he had felt back when he had witnessed the head of his General crushed to bits right before his eyes――,

Gudda: [――This is absurd.]

And so, the battle-hardened General let out a hoarse breath at an utterly incomprehensible sight.

△▼△▼△▼△

――As with everything, there were exceptions.

The sole exception was the Pleiades Battalion, a threatening group of amateurs that had crushed the mighty General that was Gudda Dialmo, and the strong warriors he had trained.

They possessed not techniques they had practiced, they possessed not fine armaments, they possessed not even a firm cause.

All they possessed was a really, really strong will to unite, and a vow to themselves that they would not back down no matter what.

And that was precisely the kind of thing that made the Pleiades Battalion an extraordinary group of people.

Recall the lengthy lecture on the shortcomings of Yang Magic.

Its use, which depended on the skill of the caster and the number of people, would often disrupt people’s coordination, being labelled as foolish as it had earned the former Emperor the stigmatic moniker of “The Emperor of the Great Defeat”. Even Vincent Vollachia, who was proclaimed as a wise Emperor, had quickly abandoned the idea of utilizing it at the consideration stage.

But what if, hypothetically, something like it was possible?

Hundreds, or even thousands of troops, in their entirety, being given a uniform enhancement of the same effectiveness? And yet, none of them suffering from the gap between their original fighting ability and the skill level of their strengthened selves?

And the key to that being the lack of a need to have the number of Yang Magic users being the same as the number of troops? ――If such dreamlike or miraculous conditions were met, would it not be feasible?

It was a pipe dream that Vincent Vollachia would laugh at and discard, were he to hear of it.

A group of incidental coincidences that would even be said to be possible only in this time of war, in this situation, in this circumstance.

Only those who accepted Natsuki Subaru―― or rather, “Natsuki Schwartz”, as the center of themselves, those who sincerely thought of him as their comrade, those who sincerely believed in him as their companion, would be able to achieve a miracle.

――The strengthening effect of the Yang Magic would be applied to each of the individuals Subaru shared the effect of Cor Leonis with; that was, all of the allies who worked alongside him.

The power of the Little King, originally intended to share wounds and burdens, would now be abused; the power which the King alone could not handle fully, would now be handled together with the comrades that supported him.

Hence, the Pleiades Battalion――,

Subaru: [――I love you, all of you!!]

The thousands of “non-combatants” who traveled with Natsuki Subaru were transformed into an army of warriors, beginning to lay waste to every battlefield in this battle for the Imperial Capital.

[1] – A Zōri is a traditional kind of Japanese footwear, resembling a sandal. More information here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zori

--- Chapter 99: Those Who Rule the Sky ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and prooferaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The word “war cry” was appropriate.

Quite simply, it was just a yell.

An exclamation raised to inspire oneself, one’s allies, and a troop’s morale in the face of a match, contest, or any kind of bout; it provided courage and strength to move forward.

Forming a circle before a fight and raising a battle cry before charging onto the battlefield, magic words for coming together as one―― in this world, this could truly be called “magic”.

???: […Unbelievable, I suppose.]

Beatrice was speechless at the destructive power of the Pleiades Battalion led by Natsuki Subaru, a group of amateurs who furiously charged into the enemy forces, crushing the well-prepared and well-armed Imperial Soldiers.

As the red Galewind Horse moved vigorously, causing the ground to rumble, a man with a shoddy beard named Idra held the reins, as Beatrice and Subaru rode at his front in an awkward position. The group advancing under this banner were all under the influence of powerful Yang Magic.

The method through which this had been achieved could only have been――,

Beatrice: [――Magical Shroud Excitation.]

The scant words Beatrice muttered were a term referring to a fleeting technique that had existed hundreds of years prior, yet had never been considered valuable, far from being put to practical use.

Even the Witch Echidna, who systematized all of magic, had given it a provisional name, leaving it as an ancient “fantasy”. A technique that could not be reproduced by an individual.

Magical Shroud Excitation was a way of forcibly manifesting the Flow Method, utilizing the Mana circulating within the body to strengthen it, and inducing an effect similar to that of Yang Magic, despite the different approach.

Superhuman force was a term sometimes used to describe the breaking of one’s own physical limits when facing a dangerous situation, producing strength incomparable with one’s original condition.

That was acknowledged as a thing that actually existed, in this world.

In a situation of mental or physical urgency, Gates present in one’s body, which would normally go unused, could be opened, resulting in the person entering the same state as those able to execute the Flow Method.

It was possible that those with superior abilities had been able to teach themselves how to use the Flow Method through an experience of the sort; but for now, further explanation will be omitted as it is beside the main point.

Most important was the fact that Magical Shroud Excitation was a method of forcibly bypassing human limitations, and that it was being used on the entire Pleiades Battalion, which numbered in the several thousands.

Originally, Echidna had witnessed what could be called Magical Shroud Excitation on the battlefield, being used by a small tribe of warriors raising a battle cry which had triggered a similar effect.

They continued to raise their voices before, during, and after the battle, as that was their custom on the battlefield.

Their morale-inspiring roars were accompanied by a Yang Magic-esque effect which raised the strength of the tribe as a whole, and as a result, they had stood out in battle despite their reduced numbers.

However, even they were unable to resist their numerical disadvantage, thus vanishing during the war. Afterwards, similar groups cropped up and were destroyed, and no proper remnants of that custom remained.

A group gathered at random would not produce the effect, overabundant numbers would not produce the effect, and a single competent person would not be able to reproduce the effect. Therefore, Magical Shroud Excitation had died out without ever seeing the light of day.

In modern times, only individuals of exceptional ability mastered the Flow Method, and shouting on the battlefield was something that only boosted courage.

However――,

???: [STRONGEST! STRONGEST! STRONGEST――!!!]

What had been shining through all the members of the Pleiades Battalion who were advancing along with Subaru as they shouted this, was the radiance of the Magical Shroud Excitation that was thought to have been lost.

It was truly an ideal environment, they were united with strong trust built around Subaru, becoming a force that equaled an army, devoid of people powerful enough that they would disrupt their flow with incautious Yang Magic.

The effects of the Magical Shroud Excitation that had been triggered were, in Yang Magic terms: enhancement of the five senses, a significant increase in physical capacity, a surge in physical toughness, as well as a bewildering increase in cognitive ability, in addition to reaction time, in what could only be seen as an irregular state of multiple enhancements.

Faced with the Pleiades Battalion, with each and every one of its members having become a warrior worth a thousand warriors in the literal sense―― confronting them without any prior information, the Imperial Soldiers were overwhelmed by their momentum, and the battle lines were patently “melted”.

Like ice struck by a hot iron, the formation the enemy had assembled melted starting with the front, as the group of amateurs made headway through the middle of the enemy line with frightening momentum.

Even more astonishing than that was,

Subaru: [――Overwhelm them, but don’t kill them! Make them think they stand no chance in a fight!]

???: [OHHH――!]

???: [Got’cha, Boss !]

???: [In the same way we were saved by you!]

In a battlefield full of people risking their lives in battle, the leader of the advancing battalion declared that no casualties would occur.

It was an idea that would be laughed off as ridiculous and childish nonsense by anyone familiar with the battlefield, but this group of wet-behind-the-ears amateurs now broke through with destructive force.

Blow after blow struck the body of one Imperial Soldier after the other and blew them away, but what was left behind was not a pile of corpses, but a mountain of physically and mentally incapacitated people bearing wounds.

Keeping the enemy soldiers alive so they would be able to rescue their fallen comrades had been no tactical decision. Rather, Natsuki Subaru simply did not have the courage to have people die.

Instead of this courage, Subaru harbored a wish that was being granted by this overwhelming force.

Beatrice: [Subaru, how far have you thought this through, in fact!?]

Subaru: [Eh? Oh, sorry everyone is being so loud! But if we are all shouting emphatically “Let’s do this! Let’s do this! Let’s do this!”, it gets us all hyped up!]

Beatrice: [Eh~~, that’s ludicrous, I suppose!]

Coincidentally, Beatrice had ended up voicing the shared conclusion of everyone witnessing this bizarre battlefield aloud.

But there was no reason to blame them. It was a completely natural thing to say.

Beatrice immediately understood Subaru’s answer. ――Subaru, and all the people around him, knew nothing about Magical Shroud Excitation, so there was no way that they could understand it.

While simply believing that fighting while shouting wholeheartedly made them stronger, they had actually perfectly recreated and weaponized an impossible theory even a Witch had given up on.

And even Beatrice was completely oblivious to the fact that Natsuki Subaru was the only one in the whole world who could turn this theory into practice with his Authority of the Little King.

Beatrice: [That’s precisely why…]

Subaru: [Hm?]

Beatrice: [That’s precisely why you’re Betty’s partner, in fact!]

In the arms of Natsuki Subaru, who could do what nobody else could, Beatrice affirmed her situation as her depleted Mana was resupplied during their long-awaited reunion.

Within the Pleiades Battalion, a group full of amateurs, no one needed to understand the current situation, nor did anyone actually understand it, so Beatrice contemplated on behalf of her partner Subaru.

How could she involve herself in this historical moment that might never be reproduced again?

Beatrice: [If you intend to take the wind out of the opponent’s sails, I could prevent them from reorganizing, I suppose.]

With a slight movement, Beatrice directed her small palm towards the large number of Imperial Soldiers that had been blown away.

Taking into account Subaru’s wishes, the bloody battles between the warring parties, as well as the way of the Empire which took hold of the battlefield, what Beatrice performed was,

Beatrice: [――El Shamak.]

As a member of the Pleiades Battalion, Beatrice wielded her own exceedingly enhanced power.

A black haze descended upon the heads of the Imperial Soldiers defending the fourth bastion one after another, robbing them of their thoughts, stifling their will to fight, depriving them of the opportunity to counterattack.

――Within minutes of the Pleiades Battalion joining the battle, the fourth bastion, which had thus far suffered minimal damage during the siege of the Imperial Capital, was completely and utterly collapsed.

△▼△▼△▼△

The onslaught of the Pleiades Battalion’s ravenous rush reached Abel’s ears in the main camp, instantly.

At that point, however, the name of the Pleiades Battalion did not reach him, hence it was only reported that a group had appeared from the west and clashed with the Imperial Soldiers with overpowering might, collapsing the defensive line there.

In any case――,

???: [――Good grief, they showed up just as we were about to play our trump card, and completely stole the spotlight. How exhilarating.]

A gallant voice echoed through the main camp as a beautiful figure arrived with coolness, taking that fact in with grace.

The one making their entrance was an imposing-looking woman, her wavy hair swinging from side to side, on her face a white scar produced by a sword. She was dressed in a garb a ruffian would favor, one unbefitting of her noble status; the name of the woman of character stepping into the main camp was Serena Dracroy.

She was one of the most distinguished High Countesses in the Vollachian Empire, but rather than being currently on the side of the Empire, she was instead a rebel against the ruling power―― and one of Abel’s original trump cards.

Upon Serena’s visit, Abel folded his arms as he gazed out at the battlefield beyond.

Abel: [I was under the impression that your reinforcements would comprise of the Flying Dragon Squadron.]

Serena: [Rest assured. I have no intention of changing the fact that the utmost elite of my forces are the Flying Dragon Squadron. The ones currently captivating the battlefield are an unexpected matter.]

Abel: [Is it not by your own doing?]

Serena: [I would put them under my wing if they approached me, but unfortunately, it seems like they’re only looking up to one person. They wouldn’t even bat an eye at me.]

As she answered, Serena’s long-legged figure walked up to Abel’s side.

Peering into Abel’s face with her almond-shaped eyes, she narrowed her eyes at the face covered by the oni mask.

Abel: [Surely you cannot work with someone who hides his face from you?]

Serena: [Why would I say something so dull? There’s no difference between those who hide their true intentions behind makeup and those who hide their true faces behind masks. If your reason is hiding a scar, I’d say you’re not as bad as I am.]

Abel: [I shall not state my reason, but it is not because of a scar. I wear this out of necessity.]

Serena: [I figured you would. I could gather from your words that you don’t do anything unnecessary. And now that we’ve actually exchanged words like this, that impression has deepened even more.]

As Serena ascertained this from Abel, she smiled fiercely with her hands on her hips.

Of course, as he was the actual Emperor, Abel and Serena were acquainted with each other. The cognitive disruption effect of the oni mask could slightly alter such malaises, but it did not change Abel’s evaluation of Serena.

She was a fierce, progressive, and courageous general who was willing to snap at the Emperor when necessary―― exactly what her moniker, the Scorching Lady, suggested.

However, if it were not for such a temperament, he would have never counted her as one of the cards in his hand to assist him in this rebellion.

Serena: [Is your assessment that no one else fancies things as I do?]

Abel: [It was necessary to think about how to prepare the grounds to win you over. But my main reason for choosing you, was so that the odds of winning the battle would increase.]

Serena: [To think that my Flying Dragon Squadron would be valued to that extent, when the Imperial Capital’s given me the cold shoulder.]

Shrugging her shoulders, Serena gave that sarcastic remark; but despite the content of her words and the expression on her face, her reaction showed that her blood was boiling due to that very fact.

The existence of the Flying Dragon Squadron in the hands of High Countess Dracroy was the core reason why the Dracroy Domain was revered and respected throughout the Vollachian Empire, where the strong were held in high esteem. In other words, for Serena Dracroy, it was a source of pride that ought not be wounded.

Even if someone from the Dracroy territory were to commit an evil act―― in other words, even if they were to act against the Emperor himself, no doubt ought to be brought forth against their capabilities.

That was why――,

Abel: [You have accepted the invitation on this occasion. The flying dragons that rule over the skies of the battlefield… those who obey the dragonkin, Madelyn Eschart. Force them out of the way, and claim supremacy over the air.]

Serena: [As a matter of fact, your enticing proposal is not the only reason I accepted your invitation… but fulfilling it is also an important role for me at the moment. May you have your wish. ――My Flying Dragon Squadron.]

Abel: [――――]

Serena: [No longer will those sudden reinforcements annoy me and steal the spotlight.]

Having assumed the role expected of her, Serena once again directed Abel’s attention to the western battlefield. Her words guided his gaze again, and his black eyes narrowed behind the oni mask.

As Serena had stated indeed, that group had come as an absolute surprise to everyone. ――If he were to be honest, any deviation from the path he had laid out was not welcome, no matter how favorable it could possibly be to the progress of battle.

Serena: [So that’s the battalion that turned the west of the Imperial Capital on its head. You have probably heard of them, haven’t you?]

Abel: [I have. However, I was unable to decipher what their purpose was, and from the reports of their position, I judged they would not have made it in time for the decisive battle either. Therefore, I did not include their fighting strength in my estimations.]

Serena: [In that case, they’ve clearly defied your expectations. From what I’ve heard, they’ve been ceaselessly running through day and night to arrive on this battlefield in time.]

Abel: [――. Even though such conduct makes sense in theory, it is completely nonsensical in reality. One can only imagine the amount of running a day to make it in time. And even if they made it in time after all of that, they would have way too many deserters to even put up a fight.]

This might be self-evident, but the more one increased the size of a group, the greater the amount of effort that was required to even get to it to move.

On top of the logistics, supplies, and fighting required to maintain a large army, over time they would become more frantic and accumulate more and more fatigue, more easily would they lose the will to fight, and their hearts would drift away from the banner they raised.

Even bringing someone under these conditions to a battlefield was no small feat, let alone waging war on the battlefield with them.

But――,

Serena: [So, Oni-Masked Grand General, does this look like a battle waged by people with low morale to you?]

Were Serena to have asked him this, Abel would have had to deny what he was seeing with his own eyes.

Barely visible in the distance, the fighting of the battalion charging right into enemy lines within a whirled-up dust cloud defied all expectations. Even though their war cry could not be fully heard, its aftereffects had reached the main camp, noticeably so.

Only a disillusioned fool in complete denial of reality would point at that scene and feign that the troops were low in morale.

Serena: [Their leader seemed to be one of the black-haired Crown Princes who was on everyone’s lips. I thought this whole story about His Excellency Vincent’s illegitimate offspring being present here and there across the entire Empire was laughable, but that surprisingly stands out like he could be the real deal.]

Abel: [――. So that is how it is.]

Serena: [Hm?]

Squinting at the dust cloud lingering in the distance, Abel’s thoughts clicked into place.

Being related a story he himself seemed aware of, Abel remarked on it, prompting Serena to tilt her head. But, Abel did not respond to her question, instead simply closing one eye at the conviction growing within him.

A group with exceptionally high morale and unity that traversed an inconceivable distance and remained on its feet just to fiercely step into this battlefield―― finally, he could perceive its true nature.

Namely――,

Abel: [――Are you able to make proper use of your own power at last, I wonder.]

If that was indeed the case, then the unforeseen presence of the invading group from the west would make complete sense. And it would be even more unexpected for the false Emperor sitting on the throne of the Imperial Capital.

This black-haired Crown Prince possessed an ability that truly lived up to the rumors―― or at least, that person was supposed to be capable of performing to that level.

Abel: [It is unnecessary for our side to make any moves on the western battlefield. However, the third bastion is still the most crucial spot to break open. And I harbor no intention to relent. ――High Countess Dracroy.]

Upon her name being called, Serena nodded her head and spoke,“I know”.

Looking at what laid beyond Abel’s line of sight, she directed her gaze at the fluttering flying dragons dominating the sky.

Serena: [Let’s show His Excellency the Emperor, who appointed that crude and impudent dragonkin, the difference between wild flying dragons and the disciplined Flying Dragon Squadron.]

Indeed, while being completely ignorant of the fact that the true Emperor stood right next to her, she undertook this mission with a frenzied smile on her face.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Overlooking the entire battlefield from the rear, the main camp allowed them to keep a watchful eye on any anomalies all-around.

Having arrived there as a reinforcement, Serena Dracroy held a grudge against the flying dragons that obeyed one of the Nine Divine Generals, the dragonkin, Madelyn Eschart.

These ferocious flying dragons would never get along with humans without a special secret technique, yet they rampaged here, in the battle for the Imperial Capital, wielding their natural ferocity and peril on full display, posing a great threat to people.

Albeit Madelyn had only explained it in rough terms, she had seemingly made arrangements so that the flying dragons, who could not distinguish between enemies and allies, would not cause damage to allied Imperial Soldiers. For that reason, casualties were not as indiscriminate as had happened on the attack on the Fortress City of Guaral.

Nevertheless, they would swoop down on the rebels, reminding them of the threat posed by the claws and fangs dancing in the sky; plus, the damage from the occasional stone bombardment making ground could hardly be ignored.

However, flying dragons could only make such attacks against warriors who attached more importance to the group rather than the individual, and could not interfere in a battle between beings with overwhelming strength.

The Nine Divine Generals who defended each bastion, and the elite of the rebels who clashed head-on with them―― there was no way for the dragons to barge into their battle, a battle on an entirely higher level.

Therefore――,

Mezoreia: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine dear child, I shalt become the wind from the heavenly skies.]

Emilia: [―― Icicle Line !!]

Waving both hands, Emilia jumped, redrawing a line of white ice on the world she traced.

Immediately after, a tail cleaved the snowy ground where Emilia had been just moments before with tremendous speed, instantly rupturing the ground and evaporating the snow.

The one to perform such a deed, was a mighty being with a huge body of white scales, clad in clouds flowing in the sky―― called by the dragonkin, Madelyn, a threat to the world had descended upon its surface.

Emilia: [Mezoreia…!]

Thinking in the corner of her mind that there was a city bearing the exact same name in the Vollachian Empire were she not mistaken, Emilia clenched her molars at the powerful attack she had avoided by the skin of her teeth, and encouraged her own heart.

Along the line of frost redrawn by Icicle Line, a wall of ice rose up from the ground with a sound. It was not as high as the walls surrounding the Imperial Capital, but it was high enough to keep the airborne Mezoreia from escaping the battlefield.

Emilia: [I can’t let you go where everyone else is.]

Amidst the battlefield as it grew colder and colder―― No, rather, it was becoming colder of her own volition, Emilia exhaled white breath while expressing her determination.

Indeed, Emilia had been in quite a lot of trouble when Madelyn had summoned Mezoreia.

Taking on Madelyn alone had already been a Herculean task, but it was obvious that adding Mezoreia to the equation would make things even more troublesome.

But Emilia’s intuition told her that it would be quite difficult to get anyone to help her.

Emilia: [It’d be nice to fight alongside someone like Priscilla though…]

It was not Emilia’s forte to fight in sync with those around her. That was because she had trouble thinking while fighting. That was why she respected people who could think while fighting, and believed she could join forces with such a person.

But even that would be difficult in this fight with Madelyn and Mezoreia.

Emilia: [Because it’s getting colder and colder.]

The ice barrier created by Icicle Line did not only prevent Mezoreia from getting out, but also limited the space in which Emilia could lower the temperature.

It had been a suggestion from Petra, but most ground dragons were vulnerable to cold. If flying dragons and water dragons shared the same roots as ground dragons, they probably had similar vulnerabilities to cold.

In fact, unlike earth dragons, both flying dragons, who flew high up in the skies within cooler temperatures, and water dragons, who swam through cold water, had varying tolerance levels against cold, but this misconception was irrelevant in face of overwhelming cold.

Because at the current moment, Emilia was bringing forth extreme cold that far exceeded that limit.

Emilia: [――Just like Puck’s Magic Release Period.]

Before Roswaal’s mansion burned down, there had been an episode where Puck had almost turned it completely to ice on accident because he had not let out Mana in due time. The battlefield’s cold temperature, at this moment, rivaled that instance.

Any normal person would have found their hands numb, having been made unable to hold a weapon, having been made it so that moving their body was incredibly difficulty. Even a strong person would be affected by no small amount.

Precisely because Emilia had chosen this fighting style, she could only fight on her own.

At the very least, this time.

Mezoreia: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine dear child, I shalt become the wind from the heavenly skies.]

The sky was covered with low, thick clouds, and Emilia’s amethyst eyes twinkled as she heard a voice from overhead that sounded so heavy that she wondered if the sky itself had spoken.

There was a declaration of its supernatural presence, and in the very subsequent moment, a blow beyond human understanding was unleashed.

The mere flick of its tail could rip the earth apart, the swing of its claws could rend space in two, its great breath was powerful enough to blow away nearly half a city. It truly was extraordinary.

It was unmistakably a Dragon, a legend which Emilia had now encountered twice in just a short period of time.

Emilia: [――――]

There was a jerk from its unfurled wings, and the wall of ice Emilia had erected was effortlessly torn apart. Although not quite as solid as iron, she had done her best to harden it. And yet, it had been easily broken, and before Emilia could feel any disappointment or surprise, she was hurriedly dodging bullets of ice hurtling towards her.

Having been minced and sent flying by the Dragon’s wings, countless chunks of ice, large and small, rained down as scattered lumps. If one were to clash against these pieces of ice, some as large as one’s head, taking no care, they would end up being rendered immobile, completely, against their Dragon opponent.

That, would be a lethal injury to a diminutive being fighting a mighty Dragon.

Emilia: [Hiyah! Yah! Huff! Yikes!!]

And thus, Emilia avoided the chunks of ice as if she were dancing, sweeping away and enduring with a sword and shield of ice she had created for the ones she could not completely dodge.

The fact that she never broke eye contact with her opponent during all of that was due to her recent firsthand experience of fighting the Divine Dragon Volcanica at Pleiades Watchtower.

The Dragons’ power was so far beyond the imaginations of Emilia and her comrades, that even the slightest movement, even one that did not look like an attack, could be incredibly dangerous.

Emilia: [When fighting Volcanica, I nearly got blown away by a puff of its nose.]

Remembering that time, she again felt glad that she was the one present at this place.

If one did not know how to fight Dragons, they could inadvertently trip up on the first something or another, resulting in their doom. But that was not the only thing Emilia recalled during her fight with Mezoreia.

Following Madelyn’s call, the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia had pushed the sky aside, descending unto the battlefield―― of course, it was very difficult to contend with the ridiculous way of fighting that was unique to Dragons.

Emilia: [Mezoreia! Please, just listen to me! I don’t want to fight with Madelyn…]

Mezoreia: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine dear child, I shalt become the wind from the heavenly skies.]

Emilia: [Ah, just as I thought…]

Emilia appealed loudly, but brushing those words aside, Mezoreia shook its long whiskers without listening and looked down at the tiny Emilia on the ground with its eyes.

Bearing its direct gaze, Emilia firmly gritted her teeth, becoming keenly aware of something as every nerve in her slender body was filled with energy.

Namely――,

Mezoreia: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine dear child, I shalt become the wind from the heavenly skies.]

Emilia: [You’re just like Volcanica, you’ve grown too old and forgot everything!]

For the second time in her life, she had encountered a Dragon, a supernatural being―― Mezoreia, the Cloud Dragon, the one who ruled the sky, had grown senile, just like the Divine Dragon she had encountered at the Tower.

--- Chapter 100: A Myriad of Changes at the Bastions ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and proofreaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The Cloud Dragon Mezoreia’s senility.

The startling revelation of the truth drove Emilia into a tremendously difficult corner.

Emilia: [I didn’t have to beat Volcanica at the time, all I had to do was do my best and complete the Trial, but…]

Her encounter with the Divine Dragon Volcanica on the highest floor of Pleiades Watchtower had concluded once she touched a stone monument at a peak even further above the Tower’s peak.

As for Emilia, she was still unsure as to whether she had properly resolved Volcanica’s Trial; however, the ancient Dragon had presented one of its claws as proof of the denouement to Emilia.

So, for now she considered this a symbol of approval.

However, her fight with Volcanica had fundamentally been a defensive one, as she’d had no intention of beating him, so it had been no battle at all.

And this situation was the same, even if the opponent had changed from the Divine Dragon to the Cloud Dragon.

If anything――,

Emilia: [I’ve got no other choice but to beat it, but Mezoreia has lost―― Ah!]

As she was saying this, Emilia sprung from her spot and closed in on the Dragon that was airborne.

Shaking its long whiskers, without anything being displayed, reflected in its eyes, the Dragon mercilessly slashed its claws at the puny existence flying towards it.

It was a simple attack, but just one strike would be more than enough to kill someone were it to connect.

The Dragon’s claws were much sharper than any run-of-the-mill sword, able to cleave Emilia’s body in twain with ease.

Emilia: [Soldiers!]

However, Emilia was able to avoid this attack by jumping even further into the sky.

The midair foothold that Emilia had made use of had been provided by an Ice Soldier who’d leaped alongside her, then putting up both of its arms for Emilia to bounce off.

Naturally, the Ice Soldier had been incapable of escaping in time, thus falling prey to the Dragon’s claws, which smashed it to pieces.

Emilia: [Eiya!!]

Keeping this sacrifice in her heart, Emilia’s long legs kicked Mezoreia in the face.

The leg Emilia had utilized to deliver this kick had been equipped with footwear made of ice, donning an enlarged spike with extreme sharpness, making it an awfully lethal weapon.

Since Emilia had used her foot, she did not pull any punches with this merciless kick―― so an absurdly brutal blow slammed into the side of Mezoreia’s defenseless head.

However――,

Emilia: [It’s not working at all!]

Mezoreia’s huge body did not budge an inch from getting kicked in the face.

However, it appeared to be irritated. Feeling hostility on her skin, Emilia greatly swung her upper body to do a midair flip, using another Ice Soldier to dodge the incoming thrust from the Dragon.

Lagging behind the one that had been shattered, another Ice Soldier had leapt even further up and stretched out both of its legs from above. Aligning both their soles, Emilia launched herself off of them towards the ground below.

While the sound of shattering ice resounded in her eardrums, Emilia landed atop the white ground on her hands, then looked up towards the majestic cloud-wreathed Dragon calmly floating in the air.

Mezoreia: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine dear child, I shalt become the wind from the heavenly skies.]

Emilia: [Geez… Even after all of that…!]

Even after being kicked in the face and smashing apart two Ice Soldiers with its claws, Mezoreia’s words and demeanor did not change at all compared to when it had first descended upon the battlefield.

Emilia: [――――]

It certainly did consider Emilia an enemy.

It was precisely for this reason that it was brandishing its claws towards Emilia as she made her approach, all the while it flapped its wings and turned its unfocused white eyes towards her.

But she just could not initiate a conversation. Just like with Volcanica, it was incredibly difficult to find common ground.

The only potential clue was, possibly――,

Emilia: [――Madelyn! Just listen to me!]

Madelyn: [Shut the frig’ up! Don’t friggin’ address this dragon so casually!!]

Emilia’s last ray of hope faded into the distance as her outstretched hand was violently shaken off.

Even though Madelyn had lost the Flying Winged Blade she was able to wield with remarkable skill, Emilia’s silver hair was still disheveled as she leapt away in evasion. A small shadow followed right behind her―― that of Madelyn Eschart, who let out a white exhale as her golden eyes were set ablaze, the ground cracking with every step she took as she brandished her arms that wrought destruction.

Narrowly avoiding it, Emilia bit down on her molars.

The tactic of rapidly lowering the temperature had served its purpose of keeping the rampaging Madelyn and Mezoreia away from the others on the battlefield, but it was difficult to push it any further.

Madelyn: [Human, human, human…!!]

A wicked glint in her eyes, Madelyn’s petite body was cloaked in white steam. It felt like she was matching the cloud-wreathed Mezoreia, but there was a difference.

Madelyn’s body temperature was so absurdly high that every single snowflake evaporated upon coming into contact with her―― no, that happened before they could even reach her.

The same thing was also happening around Mezoreia, the “Puck Copycat” tactic was not really effective on these two.

That being the case――,

Emilia: [ Icicle Line ――!]

With the ice wall separating the battlefields still in place, Emilia changed the flow of cold air. Aborting an ineffective strategy to preserve her strength, was not what she was doing.

As she had covered too large of an area, it had not had the desired effect on Mezoreia and Madelyn, and so.

Emilia: [How about all this cold!]

Drawing invisible white lines around Madelyn approaching her directly, Emilia concentrated the cold air permeating the battlefield around the second bastion into a single spot.

Wrapping around Madelyn’s small body was not just any ordinary cold, it was a truly extreme cold, one that changed steam into snow, causing the dragonkin’s body temperature to plummet below freezing temperature instantly.

Madelyn: [――Guh!?]

Even Madelyn had her whole body frozen still by this unforeseeably extreme cold.

Madelyn’s eyes widened as her vision whited out; however, Emilia threw away her last bit of pity and focused on pouring all her power into temporarily freezing her solid.

Emilia: [Please…!]

Directing all of her power towards freezing Madelyn, Emilia seemed to harbor prayers in regards to Mezoreia’s actions.

The participation of the cloud-wreathed Cloud Dragon in the melee would force Emilia to halt her attack prematurely. However, in the corner of her field of view, she saw Mezoreia floating in the sky with an empty expression and no indication of wanting to interfere with Madelyn’s predicament.

Emilia: [Weird, but――]

In this situation, Mezoreia staying still helped her out a lot.

When Mezoreia had made its appearance from the sky, being summoned by Madelyn’s voice, Emilia’s realization had been that she had been cornered into an even more hopeless situation.

However, by the looks of it, Madelyn and Mezoreia were not cooperating at all, continuously switching between one of them attacking on their own and the other standing idly by.

From Emilia’s perspective, it was pretty much a one-on-one in which the opponents would tag-in and tag-out.

Of course, Emilia’s stamina was still slowly being whittled away, and she could not think of Madelyn, nor of Mezoreia, as opponents that she could easily take down in a one-on-one fight.

Nevertheless――,

Madelyn: [Y… ou…!]

Emilia: [Sorry, Madelyn. I think it would’ve been better if I could’ve had a proper chat with you. But, since you refuse to listen, I’m going to need you to be obedient now!]

Madelyn: [Guh――!]

Madelyn’s whole body violently creaked, and she flashed her sharp fangs as her eyes blazed.

However, once the inner part of her body had been chilled to the very core of its core, even the extremely stout and vigorous dragonkin was unable to avoid having her freedom snatched away.

Madelyn: [――――]

Her blood and flesh, her bones and skin, all of it was frozen white, and Madelyn was imprisoned in ice by Emilia.

It had concluded just before Madelyn’s hand, which she had suddenly stretched out, could reach Emilia’s chest. With her hands still pointed at Madelyn, Emilia looked at the immobile girl and let out a long exhale.

Emilia: [That… was a close one…]

Patting her chest in relief, Emilia lowered her eyebrows at the young girl that had been colored white.

She did not feel delighted nor regretful for having won or lost. Above all else, this did not mark the end quite yet.

Emilia: [Mezoreia! You may not understand what I’m saying, but you need to stop fighting! If you really can’t communicate no matter what, then go home for today!]

Emilia had considered the possibility that Mezoreia would become incredibly angry the moment she defeated Madelyn, so she was slightly relieved to see that Mezoreia had not made any movement. However, unable to let that relief slip through to her expression, Emilia glared at Mezoreia with a sharp look on her face.

She was trying to act like she still had plenty of strength left in her.

However, the truth was that Emilia did not have much strength remaining, in actual fact.

Although she had succeeded in freezing Madelyn in ice, she would need to keep Madelyn chilled in order to maintain her in that frozen state. That, too, required the continued use of energy.

Hence, even though she had stopped Madelyn, it would be very difficult to fight Mezoreia.

If possible, the best thing Mezoreia could do would be to turn back from here.

That was why――,

Emilia: [In the case that you still want to keep going, then I also have a plan.]

With a sharp glare in her eyes, Emilia declared such to Mezoreia. ――A lie, it was.

Even though she had stated it with immense confidence, her glare set on Mezoreia, it was an outright lie that Emilia had any kind of plan. She thought that if she insisted, perhaps Mezoreia would think Emilia was dangerous and run away.

It was a bluff, something that seldom came from Emilia, and one that followed Subaru’s and Otto’s examples.

Mezoreia: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine dear child, I shalt become the wind from the heavenly skies.]

A bluff to which, a deep, low voice from Mezoreia’s mouth replied so.

Emilia became disheartened by Mezoreia’s undecipherable behavior, as it was unclear whether or not it could see what was before its eyes, but she was determined not to be defeated and did not decrease the severity of her gaze.

And then――,

Mezoreia: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine…]

Emilia: […Huh?]

Mezoreia: [In accordance… with the voice… the voice of… mine dear child…]

Mezoreia’s words, which it had repeated over and over and over again no matter what she herself spoke, were cut off halfway through, immediately began to falter, and did not continue after.

It was not just that. Mezoreia, who had been staying peacefully within the snowy sky, frowned somewhat painfully, its large head starting to sway from side-to-side.

Emilia: [What’s wrong all of a sudden? Does your head hurt?]

Seeing the changes born in Mezoreia, Emilia’s amethyst eyes widened in surprise.

It would only be natural that Mezoreia would lash out in anger after Madelyn had been encased in ice. It would be very troubling were it to do just that, but that would be easier to accept than this kind of weird reaction.

Overhead, with those worries in Emilia’s mind, Mezoreia’s movements came to an abrupt halt.

Mezoreia: [――――]

The Dragon, which had been shaking its head in pain, suddenly looked down with a serene expression. Met with the gaze of those white eyes, on a face that had grown out a long beard, Emilia let out a short “Ah”.

Now, for the first time, she felt as if she had been “seen” by Mezoreia’s eyes.

In other words, it was a sign of will and intelligence dwelling within Mezoreia’s eyes――,

Emilia: [Finally, we can talk――]

Mezoreia: [I do believe I told you, human.]

Emilia: [Huh?]

With a low voice, resounding as if the sky had roared, the Dragon turned its head to face Emilia. She was pierced by its gaze, however, Emilia’s body stiffened because of a different shock.

She had been gazed upon by something mightier than herself; that was not what had surprised her.

The reason was because the violent emotion in its voice was just like the one that had just been directed at her just a few moments before―― No, because it was exactly the same.

Indeed, as if to confirm the stiffened Emilia’s surprise, the Dragon continued.

Mezoreia: [This dragon doesn’t friggin’ have anything to say to you.]

Emilia: [Madel――]

Upon seeing something unbelievable, Emilia involuntarily ceased her movement.

Turning towards Emilia, the Dragon opened its mouth. Then, it simply exhaled. ――That breath became a white light, and the true essence of the Cloud Dragon filled the world.

The dreadfulness of when a definite will dwelled within the Dragon’s power rained mercilessly down upon Emilia.

△▼△▼△▼△

The influence of the battalion intervening from the west had spread across every corner of the battlefield.

Of course, the ones most affected by this battalion were those of the garrison at the fourth bastion, which was brought to the brink of collapse after suffering unparalleled damage in one fell swoop.

However, even if it had not been affected directly, it could be said that the third bastion was influenced the most by the changes the Pleiades Battalion had had on the state of the battle.

Originally, the soldiers sent to the third bastion with the purpose of nullifying one of the trump cards of the Imperial Capital Lupugana, the Magic Crystal Cannon, had supposedly been forsaken.

Zikr, having been told of the plan by Abel, had been prepared to sacrifice himself. Thanks to his maneuvering, some of his forces―― the People of Shudraq, had escaped the Magic Crystal Cannon’s line of fire, a minor deviation when compared to the damage that was supposed to have been dealt to the third bastion.

In any case, at this point in time, the expectation was that the forces at the third bastion would have been lost.

Once they had not been lost, remaining in the field, Abel’s initial calculations, which had been based on the premise that the rebels would suffer a painful defeat, had been thwarted. However, there should be nothing wrong with those forces surviving. Immediately correcting the miscalculation, Abel adjusted the original strategy to the current situation.

As a result――,

Zikr: [――That is High Countess Serena Dracroy’s Flying Dragon Squadron.]

Amidst the battle with the stone golems, the sword-wielding Zikr whispered this while on his beloved horse, Leidy.

His round eyes turned towards the azure sky, half-deprived of its color to tonalities of white and red―― flying above the various battlefields, winged brethren clashed, turning their fangs onto each other.

On one side was a flock of natural-born flying dragons rampaging as per the orders of the Flying Dragon General, Madelyn Eschart, their untamed ferocity unleashed.

Pitted against them was a squadron of flying dragons carrying their partners, the flying dragon riders, on their winged backs, their blades of ferocity in their trusty sheaths.

The wild, unmanned flying dragons clearly outnumbered the flying dragon riders, but anyone would agree that the latter were far more skillful in aerial combat.

While the wild flying dragons were overflowing with ferocity, swinging their claws and fangs with violence, the skills of the flying dragon riders were far more splendid and refined in comparison. Avoiding the fangs with dexterous moves that completely disregarded their airborne state, the flying dragon riders employed their weapons to pierce the wings of the wild flying dragons, felling them one after another.

Zikr: [What a staggering difference…]

Only Zikr, who was acquainted with the flying dragon riders’ General as a General Second-Class of the Empire, could tell which of them was hopelessly outclassed. The wild flock of flying dragons being led by Madelyn.

Nonetheless, the violence of numbers was difficult to handle, and the fact that the fortified city had been completely overwhelmed by their sheer numbers was a deep thorn in his heart. This perception was about to be overturned once again.

For better or worse, he was about to witness the true strength of Flying Dragon Taming, a tradition of the Empire, with his own eyes.

Zikr: [I must push onward, to inform His Excellency about the success of his plan.]

As Abel played his card, the Flying Dragon Squadron of High Countess Dracroy, the air supremacy of the flying dragon flock was diminished, allowing Zikr to ascertain his surroundings.

Although he had charged at the front for the sake of the troop morale, Zikr was by no means competent as a fighter during live combat. He would instead order timely formation instructions and advance further into the heart of the enemy lines.

He would advance further towards General First-Class Moguro Hagane, who had assimilated with the castle wall, a threat which had all but abated thus far.

Zikr: [I pray Miss Beatrice is safe…]

And so, as Zikr raised his sword, a corner of his mind was occupied with the girl with pale-colored hair wearing a gorgeous dress―― the all-but-certain savior of his life, Beatrice.

The moment the Magic Crystal Cannon had been unleashed, as Zikr was prepared to face death, he saw the figure of a girl throwing herself in front of the incoming light to repel it somehow.

Beatrice was small to begin with, but high up in the sky she appeared to be the size of a pebble. Still, Zikr was convinced that that had indubitably been Beatrice.

To never mistake a woman he had once beheld with his eyes, that was Zikr’s special skill.

Therefore, Zikr was able to say with definite certainty that the one who had been able to deal with the Magic Crystal Cannon’s shot had been Beatrice.

The problem was, that he too was certain that no one could accomplish such a feat without a cost.

Zikr: [Please, be unharmed――!!]

He would wholeheartedly raise his voice for Beatrice to be awarded with the greatest medal of honor for rewriting this predicament, but above anything else, he wished for her to be safe and secure.

But Zikr, who had avoided certain death in the middle of the battle, had a role to play as a General.

So all Zikr could do was pray.

――That the entirety of his remaining fortune may fall to that girl.

Meanwhile, much like Zikr, who was praying for the safety of the one who had just contributed so much on the front line, Taritta had witnessed the moment the Magic Crystal Cannon had unnaturally vanished, and just who had accomplished it.

Taritta: [I was told to back off , but luckily I had a clear view of the battle field …]

The rebels had been hit hard, but had managed to get back on their feet. Zikr, who had been about to launch an assault with them, had ordered the People of Shudraq to provide cover from the rear.

The decision to not include the Shudraq in the general strike, to which Mizelda had obviously raised a complaint, had been accepted by Taritta, since Zikr of all people would have thought this order through.

As for that, however, there was no way――,

???: [There’s no way that only we are unable to help in any way . We Shudraq are being looked down upon. ]

Taritta: [ Sister …]

Looking back on what had happened, Mizelda had every right to voice her anger.

The Crystal Palace in the Imperial Capital was originally the castle where Abel lived. It was hard to believe that Abel did not know about the Magic Crystal Cannon, and Zikr’s unnatural instructions were also difficult to take in.

Perhaps it had been Zikr’s own judgement to have the Shudraqians stand down.

Zikr had been ready to become a sacrificial pawn, and the Shudraqians had been prevented from following suit―― Mizelda had stated they were being looked down upon, but that probably was not entirely true.

It had been Zikr’s decision, born of compassion.

However――,

Taritta: [――I too, feel the same way as you, Sister. I’m not happy with Zikr’s concern .]

Taritta came to the same conclusion as the belligerent Mizelda.

Known as the Womanizer, Zikr knew how to treat women with more than just a certain amount of respect, and neither Taritta nor anyone else had any right to say anything about how he should behave.

However, neither Taritta nor anyone else from the People of Shudraq had any obligation to let anyone dictate their ways.

So, Taritta gripped her bow with force, then declaring,

Taritta: [Let’s take that complaint directly to Zikr.]

Mizelda: [ Hm , a good response . At this rate , Zikr and Jamal will take all the good stuff from us . ――You hear that , brethren !!]

Mizelda, dexterously thrusting her prosthetic leg into the earth and raising a large machete, called out to her compatriots.

All of the arrayed Shudraq responded to Mizelda’s words and Taritta’s readiness with their eyes, faces, and voices, as if they were of the same mind.

Then, with great enthusiasm, they headed towards the front line of the third bastion protected by Moguro Hagane. Just as the Shudraq’s group was about to march on――,

???: [――Seems like there’s quite the motivated group here.]

Hearing a cold, dry voice, Taritta and Mizelda turned around.

Taritta instantly grabbed an arrow from her quiver, nocking her bow, and lowered herself to a ready stance. The appearance of the other party had been so abrupt that it made the People of Shudraq raise their vigilance.

However, the caution of Taritta and the others quickly melted at the sight of the other person’s appearance.

Slowly stepping on the grass, approaching from the rear of the People of Shudraq’s party, was a girl with pink-colored hair swaying in the wind―― and above all else, a girl with a familiar face.

――No, that was not accurate either, the reason being that the girl before them was a person different from the one bearing the face that Taritta and the others knew.

???: [――? For some reason, you people are staring at me with complete wonder. Is it because I appeared out of thin air? In that case, the answer to that mystery is, I jumped off of a flying dragon.]

Taritta: [N- no . That’s not what we’re surprised about .]

???: [If so, then out with it.]

Mizelda: [――Your face looks exactly like that of a girl we know .]

The pink-haired girl tilted her head at the Shudraq’s gaze. Once Mizelda answered the girl’s question, she took a light glance at the girl’s light-crimson eyes.

Then, with a short breath the girl let out an “Is that so”,

???: [Did you get along well with that girl bearing the same face as I?]

Mizelda: [At least , we were rather fond of her .]

With a stern nod, Mizelda answered the question of the girl with light-crimson eyes.

It was perhaps a statement made on behalf of all of them, but Taritta had no objection to it. And all of Shudraqians had an inkling of the identity of the girl in front of them.

Natsuki Subaru had once mentioned it. ――He had stated that the girl had a twin sister.

The twin sister donning a face identical to that of the girl Taritta and her group were acquainted muttered an “Is that so” once more, and then,

???: [In that case, Ram is sure she and you guys will get along just fine.]

While stating that, the girl―― Ram stepped forward as if the way had been cleared for her, standing before Taritta and Mizelda like it was a matter of course.

As she gazed into those light-crimson eyes, Taritta nodded.

Taritta: [ Yes , I hope so . What’s the situation ?]

Ram: [Ram has gotten the gist of it. I assume that there aren’t any cowardly women here right now, am I correct?]

Looking around at the faces of the Shudraq, Ram quietly spoke.

She was able to see through the reason why the People of Shudraq were positioning themselves so far away from the battle for the third bastion occurring right in front of them.

After seeing through it, and acknowledging the thoughtfulness of the matter, she spoke,

Ram: [Men say things like “I’m worried about yooou~” and “You’d better stay baaack~”, but Ram would rather prove them wrong. ――And tell them to mind their own business.]

Taritta: [I agree .]

Stating that, standing beside Ram, who was holding a wand, Taritta repeatedly nodded silently.

Compassion, care, and concern on the battlefield were not welcomed by the Shudraq. Rather, these ways they had once discarded had to be taught to them.

With Ram feeling a certain realization, she faced forward with Taritta following suit. Then Mizelda lined up across from Ram, bearing a wild smile on her face.

And――,

Taritta: [I’ve never met you before , but I’m convinced . ―― You , just like Rem, are a warrior .]

△▼△▼△▼△

With a thud, there came a shock that resonated to his very core, as if his internal organs had taken a hit from a heavy weight.

Those out-of-the-ordinary sensations continued once, twice, thrice, four times, while the strain seemingly increased.

As the feeling of shackles around his hands and feet impeded his movements, one after another, he gave in to his violent urges to shake them off and step over them.

However――,

???: [Your approach’s too straightforward. Kafma might let’cha get away with this, but I ain’t gonna head into a fight with an opponent all haphazardly from the outset.]

???: [Kah.]

With five fingers of his outstretched, the old man’s face sank into the ground and disappeared, leaving behind his ridicule.

Immediately after looking him in the eye, he recalled the signs happening behind himself, and launched a backhand, splendidly so. From the tremendous response he felt, his opponent’s spine had been shattered, but the rebound he had sensed told him that he had hit something that was not the old man.

Looking at it, it appeared to be one of the corpses on the battlefield, which the old man had flung out from the sunken ground. By the time he realized that he had been successfully duped, it was already too late.

???: [Lookie here, you’re gettin’ caught again.]

The body flung over the backhand, and his shoulder was struck from behind. In other words, the Vicious Old Man―― Olbart had not moved from the ground he had dived into, but simply leapt to another location.

The small old man, having only casually touched his shoulder, escaped backwards while showing off his fine set of teeth.

He had merely touched him. He had neither struck nor slashed him. Was he just playing around? Or was he insulting him? ――No, Olbart never did things without meaning. There was always a meaning, a meaning, a meaning――.

???: [――Huuh!?]

The moment his thoughts turned red-hot, an even greater heat arose on his right shoulder, where he had been touched.

Taking a glance, Olbart’s handprint stood out, having been stamped in red upon his shoulder. From the handprint blood seeped and smoke was emitted, as it attempted to burn skin, flesh, and bone.

Immediately after determining it to be poison, there was no hesitation.

Garfiel opened his mouth wide to bite off the shoulder on which the red handprint had been imprinted, tearing off the poison eating away at him. The taste of his own poisoned flesh and blood was terrible, as the bones his fangs grazed brought him unbearable pain.

However, the pain was only momentary. The deep gouge that was the shoulder wound emitted steam originating from blood, as the wound was restored by a tremendous surge of flesh――.

Olbart: [That might be the best move, but ya sure are a reckless’un.]

Garfiel, breathing heavily, was then struck square on the nose by a kick from Olbart.

His head snapped back from the astonishingly powerful kick of the puny-looking old man, his nose was broken, and Garfiel was blown off his feet. With that, he tumbled and flipped across the rough ground, then coming to lie with his whole body stretched out, spread-eagled.

Were it not for Garfiel’s sturdy neck, the kick would have detached his head and sent it flying.

However, his head and torso had remained connected. Slowly lifting his hand, he placed it on his broken nose, and with one breath, he put it back in place. A harsh sound echoed, and the flow of his nosebleed ameliorated.

Olbart: […Geez, bein’ hard ta kill’s a weapon in its own right. Not in the sentimental sense, but in the physical sense. You’re too much trouble, y’know?]

Looking at the painful sight, Olbart sighed in exasperation.

Just how many times had this Vicious Old Man, who was waving his left hand in the air, attacked Garfiel with such relentlessness?

At the very least, the Vicious Old Man could not count them with the fingers on his only remaining arm.

Garfiel: [――Shut the fuck up, old man. This ain’t over!]

With blood-colored mist emanating from his shoulder with intensity, Garfiel slowly rose to his feet.

Bearing countless scars on his bare upper body, with the aftermath of his fierce battle with Kafma Irulux still fresh in his mind, he clashed with one of the strongest in the Empire, yet his fighting spirit still remained unwavering.

Even by the standards of the Empire, many soldiers would recognize his bravery as impressive and admirable, but unfortunately, he was facing a monstruous old man, a person who cared not for the values of a warrior in the slightest.

Shrugging, Olbart looked at him with an expression devoid of any admiration whatsoever.

Olbart: [I can’t hassle myself too much with’cha alone, can I? For some reason, the walls I’ve been slippin’ thro’ve got more of a weird smell ta them. There are some troublesome people out there, so things might get problematic if I don’t head back, y’know?]

Garfiel: [Some troublesome people…?]

Olbart: [Ya can probably hear ’em if ya prick up yer ears. Don’t tell me ya can’t hear better than an old geezer like me?]

As Olbart cupped his hand to his ear, Garfiel realized it himself as he narrowed his vision. Vexing as it was, once he did take a careful listen, he understood what Olbart was talking about.

Indeed, he was able to feel the sound of many, many extraordinarily powerful footsteps were shaking the earth, sensing the very atmosphere of this battlefield in his eardrums and on the soles of his feet as well.

Olbart: [Nah, ya can’t be for real. How brave do ya gotta be ta leave yerself defenseless in front of me?]

A moment later, explosives thrown by Olbart during this gap in attention exploded to the left and to the right of Garfiel’s head.

A thunderous boom and red light spread alongside searing heat, exhibiting power that would easily reduce a human being to dust, and Garfiel’s figure disappeared in the resulting blast of flame.

Olbart: [Well, that’s a tad――]

And, right after Olbart focused his eyes into the flames raging on.

Garfiel: [GAHHHHHHHH!!]

The moment Garfiel had been swallowed by the explosion, he had rushed towards Olbart shouting, using the flames as a distraction.

He had supposed that Olbart would make a move were he to show an opening. He did not know what exactly he had been plotting, but he gambled successfully.

Garfiel’s arms closed in on Olbart, who had been blinded by his own attack, and――,

Olbart: [So green ya are, young fella.]

His outstretched arms were crushed, and opening his eyes in surprise, Garfiel took an upwards punt to the jaw. As his face rose in height, Olbart leaped, stamping a foot of his on Garfiel’s face.

On one leg, Olbart stood on Garfiel’s face on one leg as the latter looked upwards, and in that position, the evil old man looked off into the distance, as if to tease the boy.

Olbart: [The troops Kafma pulled back’ll be enough ta defend this place… No one’s gonna get outta here without’cha.]

With this deliberate statement, Olbart declared his intent to no longer continue this battle.

With bloodshot eyes, Garfiel raised his arms despite his elbows being broken, attempting to crush Olbart’s miniscule frame atop his face. But Olbart jumped just in time to avoid both arms; during his flip, the right sleeve of the monstruous elder fluttered in the wind.

Olbart: [I do suppose you’ll die if yer head’s blown off, won’t’cha?]

Following this cold death sentence, Garfiel felt the sensation of a drawn blade running down his spine, so he put all his strength into his neck muscles, and attempted to leap away from his spot――,

???: [――The chest.]

The next moment, guided by the voice he heard, he unconsciously brought his fists together in front of his chest.

“Ugh”, a hoarse voice faintly groaned, followed by a series of violent noises ringing out, noises of steel being shattered.

What his fists had shattered, having been knocked against each other in front of his chest, was a blade that had been thrust―― in front of Garfiel, was Olbart, having lunged as to pierce his opponent’s heart with a concealed blade that took the place of the right arm he had lost.

With the tip of the blade shallowly buried in his chest, Garfiel’s body stepped towards the back.

Had he been even slightly slower to react, Garfiel’s heart would have been carved open, undoubtedly taking his life. No matter how powerful his regenerative ability was, even he could not replace a missing heart.

Had he disobeyed that advice, and stayed vigilant about his neck, he would have perished.

Even though he knew that――,

Garfiel: […Fuck off.]

???: [Oh, that rudeness is so disheaaartening~ to hear. I thought I’d at least get to hear some words of thanks.]

As Garfiel clicked his tongue, his back was being supported by someone standing behind him.

Even more, once his body weight had pressed on the one to his back, he could just feel a hint of a wry smile coming from the one supporting him. Feeling even more annoyed from this, Garfiel’s nose wrinkled up.

In general, Garfiel was not good at hating people, but amongst the types of people he hated was the one in front of him, Olbart. However, the person he unmistakably despised the most was standing right behind him.

Being caught in between two hated people, this was the worst possible situation for Garfiel.

Garfiel: [After my amazin’ self crushes that old man, you’re next…]

???: [Your habit of taking things out on me finally reaches its peak, huh? In a way, isn’t me being the one who has come here a stroke of luck? You wouldn’t want Ram to see you in this state, would you?]

Garfiel: [Gah…!]

Garfiel’s throat growled frailly as a nerve was struck.

The one behind Garfiel chuckled at the latter’s reaction. Olbart, whose concealed blade had been shattered, watched this back and forth from a short distance away, speaking,

Olbart: [I did say those who pass that line on the ground over there are pretty much gonna die, aight?]

???: [Pardon me, old man. I didn’t quite hear anything about that. After all, I just came down from the sky.]

Olbart: [From the sky, ya say?]

Glancing skyward, Olbart closed one eye.

Even his seemingly lethargic appearance was just part of the trickery employed by this old man to lead his opponents around by the nose. Garfiel exhaled as he restrained himself from inadvertently leaping forward.

He pulled the tip of the blade out of his chest, filling in the wound as he did so, and,

Garfiel: [If you’re here…]

???: [Ram is on a different battlefield. I told her to back off, but she didn’t listen.]

Garfiel: […To no one’s surprise. And ya went outta yer way to come here.]

???: [Of course, I also intend to be somewhat useful. I wonder if I should dub you fortunate, though.]

As he said this, the duo set their gaze upon the troublesome Vicious Old Man, and the man no longer stood behind Garfiel, but next to him. Not wearing his usual makeup, instead exposing his unfamiliar real face, the man―― Roswaal L. Mathers, closed his one blue eye as to hide his identity.

Roswaal: [――After all, I’ve fought to the death with shinobi, in the past.]

With a deeply vicious smile, one that rivalled his enemy’s, he stated thus.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The moment the light was released, its power imbued with will, Emilia had a vision of her own Death.

Her competitive spirit was strong, she never lost hope under any circumstances.

For Emilia, who had strengthened her guts with that attitude, it had been a devastating thing.

Emilia: [――Ah.]

In her head, a small Emilia was screaming that she needed to move immediately.

However, her body would not respond with which way she should move, right or left. Even though she would usually move without thinking, she was unable to do so.

The reason for that was that her heart, rather than her head, had immediately sensed that there was no place to escape, be it right or left, be it forward or backward.

Emilia: [ Icicle Line .]

So, instead of running away, Emilia had chosen to guard against it―― No, to deflect it.

She created a thick wall of ice in front of herself, which would make the light slide over its slanted surface. Whether she would indeed be able to pull it off or not, she would do it with the conviction that she had to do it.

When the Dragon’s breath had been loosened from Guaral’s skies, Emilia had immediately chosen the same manner of defense. However, Priscilla had been present at the time, and she had managed to cut through and disperse the light that Emilia had weakened, even if a little, with the red treasured sword in her possession.

This time, Priscilla was not there. Emilia was alone.

She did not know if she would be able to do the same thing. However, she had to accomplish the same thing.

Emilia: [Me, and the people behind me――]

At a glance, Emilia knew that there was no chance that the power of the light that had been released would blow away her and her alone.

Earlier, a light of a similar kind had been fired in the distance, but it only resembled this one. This light would assuredly sweep the battlefield whole, and destroy everything.

So――,

Emilia: [――Do your best, me.]

She braced her legs, created a wall of ice in front of her body, and tightly squeezed the sword of frost in her hand.

She had created the ice sword because Priscilla had used her treasured sword to cut through the breath. This ice sword did not hold power similar to the power the treasured sword held, but she had created it to give her good luck.

That, and Emilia’s bracing, where she put forth her all, was――,

Mezoreia: [Friggin’ disappear, human――]

The breath was released, and white light poured down, closing in on Emilia.

The fact that the voice had come forth from Mezoreia’s throat, the origin of the anger dwelling in its eyes, in that moment, she forgot all of it. She forgot, and braced herself.

And then, the moment when that breath obliterated the wall of ice, swallowing even Emilia――,

Emilia: [――Eh?]

After trying to align her ice sword with the light, Emilia’s eyes widened in surprise.

The light that had been emitted would have reached Emilia―― but instead, it had just slightly veered off to the side. Even so, an enormous shockwave was produced, almost tearing off Emilia’s silver hair and clothes.

While bracing herself and enduring it, Emilia looked at Mezoreia to see what had happened.

Mezoreia had released a breath, but its head was turned upwards and to the side.

It was not that it had changed its mind right before it happened. The orientation of its neck had been forcibly changed. ――Due to an impact from a deadly weapon that had struck it in the face from the side, the Flying Winged Blade.

Emilia: [That’s got to be what I threw over there…]

It was Madelyn’s weapon of choice, the Flying Winged Blade, which Emilia had accidentally hurled far away when trying to cast it right back at the former.

It had slammed into Mezoreia’s face. “No way”, Emilia said, her eyes widening.

Emilia: [Could it be that it now came back after I threw it?]

???: [Hahahahaha! That’s a really dreamy and wonderful thing to imagine! But, unfortunately, no! It was stuck over yonder, so I just kicked it off!]

Emilia: [Kyaa!?]

Having imagined a miraculous coincidence, Emilia was greatly surprised by the voice of a smooth-talking companion.

Once Emilia turned around flustered, she came to see the owner of the voice crouching down right beside her, staring fixedly at the ice sword in her hand.

???: [This is wonderful, quite the beautiful craftsmanship. I’ve been thinking that a legendary sword is what’s appropriate for me to carry around, but were I to carry things just for looks, I’d want to put this on my list of candidates.]

Emilia: [Uhhh, thanks?]

???: [No, no, if anyone should be saying thank you, it should be me.]

The person to whom that voice belonged―― was a boy with blue hair tied back, smiling cheerfully at Emilia, who had not expected to be praised in such a situation; hence, she thanked him out of reflex.

He straightened his bent knees and stood up, then,

Blue-Haired Boy: [The blue sky, split and shared by lights white and red! I was wondering which way to go, but once I came rushing in, I found a big Dragon and a beautiful woman waiting for me! As expected of me! Don’t you think my pull is too strong!?]

Emilia: [Uhh?]

Blue-Haired Boy: [Don’t you think it’s too strong!?]

After being asked once more with those sparkling eyes, Emilia felt compelled to answer, replying “I think it’s reaaally strong”.

At Emilia’s response, the boy’s smile deepened into a satisfied smirk, and,

Blue-Haired Boy: [Right!]

Saying that, he took a step forward from beside Emilia, into the gaze of the Cloud Dragon.

Emilia hesitated in saying “That’s dangerous” in an attempt to stop him. There was a sense of pressure. But it was not caused by the gigantic Dragon, but by the small back in front of her.

Because of what that out-of-place, cheerful boy had caused――,

Blue-Haired Boy: [The grand stage has come around! Everyone, come and witness! Don’t blink, don’t miss out on the big moment of the Blue Lightning, of Cecilus Segmunt, or you’ll regret it for the rest of your life!]

Not taking even a single step back in the face of the transcendent Dragon, the boy―― Cecilus Segmunt, thus loudly and majestically proclaimed.

--- Chapter 101: Love is a Flame ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and proofreaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Among the battlefields that painted the struggle for the Imperial Capital, two places had transformed into scenes that stood out in particular.

One of those places was the second bastion, where the Cloud Dragon that had arrived from beyond the skies majestically spread its wings, the scene having been dyed white in order to prevent damage from spreading to the surroundings.

The other place was the first bastion, where the scorching hot sky had been colored red―― at the center of it all was the power of a young woman, having made the environment so harsh that the survival of any living organism present was in peril.

???: [――――]

Flickering much like a shimmer of hot air, Arakiya cast her bodies onto the vermilion heavens.

Making an ample display of her capability as a Spirit Eater, Arakiya had transformed the world; it was already a hellscape that ate away at the lives of those who lacked power that transcended the realm of rationality.

Arakiya: [I, will definitely――]

――Take back the Princess.

That was the primary reason, the single reason that Arakiya had taken to the battlefield like this.

It had not been out of loyalty or patriotism as a General First-Class of the Empire, it had not been for pride or dignity in being one of the strongest existences that were the Nine Divine Generals, it had not been out of anger for her kind, it had not been for any malicious thoughts such as own ambitions whatsoever.

The other Divine Generals each possessed their own motivations and reasons for fighting.

She possessed not any such noble basis on which to support such strength, nevertheless, serving as the strongest force on the side of the Imperial Capital, Arakiya, the Second, reigned supreme over the battlefield.

However, considering her origin―― considering the fact that she was a Spirit Eater, that was a matter of course.

Having strength being demanded from them, and employing it not for themselves but for the sake of others, was the way of being of the Spirit Eaters, and Arakiya was no exception to that.

In the first place, Spirit Eaters were extraordinary creatures that could only have such a nature.

Spirits were beings present everywhere throughout the lands far and wide, in addition to the skies.

By eating those Spirits, taking in their power, the Spirit Eaters would become one with them―― it was an outlandish action equivalent to taking nature itself into one’s own body, so inevitably, there would be a wide variety of effects, both large and small.

If one took in a Fire Spirit, their body temperature would rise; if one took in a Wind Spirit, there was the danger that the inside of their bodies would be torn apart. If one took in a Water Spirit, it could put the circulation of one’s blood at risk; if one took in an Earth Spirit, it was possible that they would become one with the earth, and the possibility of even losing their human form existed.

In fact, because of those side effects, many aspiring Spirit Eaters had ceased to be human.

Created in ancient times to oppose a lone Witch who charmed all, whom even the wordless Great Spirit obeyed, they were beings devised for the purpose of fighting, much like the Oni Clan that could sense Miasma.

After the death of that Witch, the Spirit Eaters of the present day had lost their original purpose, but zeroing in on that power and utility, a faction within the Vollachian Empire sought to restore them.

Arakiya too, was nothing more than a single person recognized for her rare abilities within that endeavor.

Her rare talents were the two foundations required for a Spirit Eater―― That was to say, she possessed a body that could withstand taking in a Spirit, and a soul that could remain human even after subsuming a Spirit.

In the first place, the method by which the Spirit Eaters extracted power from Spirits was an unconventional technique, and the method of bypassing various conditions to extract nothing but their power was accompanied by a great many risks. That was the big difference between them and the Spiritual Arts Users who borrowed the power of Spirits, and also the Acolyte Knights from the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko who gained their power through a system of vassalage.

For the latter two, effort was required to establish a relationship with the target Spirit, but if a Contract had been established, there was no danger in using their power as long as the relationship with the Spirit did not break down.

On the other hand, even just to maintain their power, Spirit Eaters needed to constantly replenish themselves with new Spirits, and they would be constantly terrified by the possibility of losing their physical and mental selves with each replenishment.

If their mind and body succumbed to the Spirit even once, their body would permanently lose its original form, and their mind would assimilate with the Spirit, dragged into a dimension that was not that of humans. [1]

On the other hand, an overly strong ego would greatly hinder one’s affinity with Spirits, making it impossible to achieve the full potential of a Spirit Eater in the first place.

Therefore, in order to be in harmony with the power of the Spirit they had taken in, a Spirit Eater would be required to have an almost diluted sense of self and ego. However, as mentioned above, an ego that was too weak would invite an easy assimilation with the captured Spirit, and there was a high chance that they would lose their humanity.

To prevent that from happening, Spirit Eaters were bestowed with a pillar―― that was to say, a “core”, one which took the place of their weak ego and sense of self and kept them from losing sight of themselves.

The function of imprinting, akin to when a newly-hatched bird would think of the first one it gazed upon as its parent bird, was deeply rooted into the instincts of the Spirit Eaters, forming their foundation, just like a pillar.

The tremendous power of a Spirit Eater would be wielded for the sake of that pillar, and the naïve mind of a Spirit Eater would then be occupied by that pillar.

Doubtlessly, a Spirit Eater’s precise reason for existence was their pillar.

――Devoid of any ambition for betrayal, a Spirit Eater would continue to selflessly pledge service to their pillar.

After many sacrifices, so numerous as to make one feel depressed if they were counted, the Spirit Eaters of ancient times had been resurrected in the present day. Even the people of the Empire could not possibly justify this success considering the number of lives that had been paid.

Therefore, the girl who had become the sole instance of completion, as an existence with invaluable abilities, was presented to the Emperor of the time, Drizen Vollachia, and Drizen had bestowed her as a foster sister to one of the daughters that had inherited his own blood.

It was unknown what impression the Emperor Drizen Vollachia had harbored for the girl that had been presented to him, or for what reason he had bestowed her to his own daughter.

If there was one thing that could be said, it was that the girl functioned exactly as the faction that had planned to revive the power of the Spirit Eaters had desired, so Drizen had decided on the pillar for the girl who was presented to him.

And above all else――,

――As a Spirit Eater, Arakiya had been perfected as an existence that was more obstreperously powerful than any of her predecessors who had once been called upon to fight against the Witch.

△▼△▼△▼△

After the world had begun to overheat in a complete mockery of common sense, the mere act of breathing would sear one’s lungs, the blood vessels running through one’s body would swell due to the heat, even the teardrops with which parched eyes were moistened would evaporate.

In that environment where life was being consumed moment by moment, any half-hearted approach would not permit someone to do as much as to draw near enough to make them able to ascertain the color of Arakiya’s eyes. No matter their nature, they would be left behind, thirsting, withering away and dying, unable to keep up with the world transfigured.

For that reason, with the exception of Arakiya, the one at the center of this alteration of the world, only two people stood on that vast land overlooked by a red sky, Yorna and Priscilla.

Even Yorna and Priscilla were unable to escape the feeling that their lives were being slowly eaten away.

Yorna: [――Hk.]

With a noise ringing out a fourth hairpin broke apart, and Yorna’s cheeks stiffened at the sense of loss.

Due to the effect of the Soul Marriage Technique, the many offerings made to Yorna would be granted the ability to stand in for her life. Thanks to this, Yorna had not suffered physical injuries, and her movements were unhindered, even when fighting the literal monster that was Arakiya.

However――,

Yorna: [If only I could get rid of this pain in my chest.]

Standing in for Yorna’s life was, in and of itself, proof of the love that had been put into these gifts.

The hairpins were by no means outstandingly designed, nor were they expensive. They were merely various things that had been offered by the residents of the city under Yorna’s protection, using their own horns, scales, and body parts.

There was only love, respect, and trust. Therefore, no price could be put on them.

Priscilla: [The hairpin shattered? Just like the other hair ornament a moment ago, they are slowly being whittled away, Dear Mother.]

Then, as the shattered pieces of the plain ornament trickled through Yorna’s fingers, Priscilla landed next to her with the train of her red dress fluttering.

Wielding the dizzyingly radiant Yang Sword, Priscilla’s beautiful profile revealed her fearless expression. ――At her remark, Yorna slightly narrowed her eyes, and spoke,

Yorna: [Needless to say, to treat the gifts of my beloved children as a mere number of substitutes for my life is utterly loathsome.]

Priscilla: [What an adorable thing for someone extending their life by transferring it for nigh an eternity to say, Dear Mother. Are you hesitant to call me, who has never presented a single gift to you, your beloved child?]

Yorna: [――――]

Priscilla: [Incapable of playing along, are we? ――Then I shall speak pragmatically, just as you wish.]

Shrugging her exposed, pale shoulders, Priscilla turned her gaze forwards. To this attitude and tone Yorna retorted “Pragmatically, you say?”.

In response to this, Priscilla slightly raised her chin.

Priscilla: [How much longer can we fight with that thing, I wonder?]

Priscilla turned her crimson eyes up towards the sky. ――Immediately following, a torrent of water spears rained down upon Priscilla and Yorna.

Yorna: [――Hk.]

Gritting her teeth, Yorna braced herself for the fierce downpour of rods of water by lying face-down.

While the beams of water had each been compressed to be as thick as a single finger, it would be better if the power employed to achieve were not belittled as the strength of a single finger.

The densely compressed torrent, piercing through everything standing in its path, felling any potential threats without mercy, was capable of tearing someone limb-from-limb in a single fatal blow.

To wield such a delicately difficult technique that required an enormous amount of water to crudely split the ground open so effortlessly; except for the inherent danger, none of it seemed consistent.

Yorna: [――Hk, Priscilla!]

Laying face-down and pouring all her efforts into evading the downpour of water beams, Yorna called out the name of Priscilla, who was utilizing the Yang Sword to deflect the torrent of water.

As she brandished this radiant treasured sword, Priscilla successively cut down streams of water, rendering them completely ineffective, even though double the number of water spears had been aimed at her in comparison to Yorna.

Between Yorna and Priscilla, it was easy to guess which one Arakiya attached more importance to based off the sheer volume of water.

Yorna: [――――]

The dance-like swordsmanship of Priscilla whirling the crimson blade through the air was a mesmerizing sight of gracefulness.

However, one could hardly say that she had fully repelled Arakiya’s assault.

Just like how she had alluded to the remaining ornaments on Yorna’s body a moment ago, Priscilla had also had much of the jewelry adorning her beauty shattered over the course of the battle.

It was not only Yorna who had a limited time remaining.

Priscilla: [Even if you blow off my limbs, was it? ――What a macabre hope to be entranced in.]

As Priscilla received a piercing attack to her ample bosom, a jewel of her necklace exploded.

Priscilla’s crimson eyes did not bat at the fate of the jewel standing in for her life, but instead they were fixated solely on Arakiya’s figure in the sky.

However, seeing Priscilla’s profile looking at Arakiya, Yorna could not believe her eyes. For a moment, it was hard to believe what flickered across those crimson eyes.

It was――,

Yorna: [Do you regret it, Priscilla, the way Arakiya is?]

Priscilla: [Nonsense. ――Everything in this world is made for my convenience.]

Snorting in response to Yorna’s question, Priscilla leaned forward to run.

The way she had left her mother behind to rush to her estranged foster sibling made it seem like she was hiding her feelings for both of them, in order not to look into their eyes.

Yorna: [I’m full of regrets as well.]

Yorna did not know what kind of encounters and partings there had been between Priscilla and Arakiya.

Albeit she had been in a position to know, the opportunity to learn about it had been snatched away alongside her life. In her previous incarnation, Yorna had lost her life while delivering Priscilla, a difficult childbirth it had been.

After that, the Imperial Selection Ceremony had taken place, and the daughter of Vollachia’s Imperial Family―― Prisca Benedict, had also been defeated in battle, losing her life.

That was supposedly the entirety of the life belonging to the daughter Yorna’s previous incarnation was aware of, Sandra Benedict.

And yet――,

Yorna: [――――]

For some reason, time had passed, and circumstances had unfolded in such an implausible way, and thus Yorna had been able to reunite with Priscilla.

They had met each other once more not as Sandra and Prisca, but as Yorna and Priscilla, and through a miracle that should never have been possible originally, mother and child were going through this red hell together.

―― Yes, they would go together.

Arakiya: [Princess.]

Muttering this word briefly, Arakiya’s entire body literally overflowed with power.

Whether it was fire or water, wind or earth, light or shadow, the being of infinite transformations that used the entire composition of the world, poured all of her energy towards Priscilla coming in hot.

Priscilla charged in with a shout as if to make her stance apparent, about to take on the streams of water and flashes of lightning rushing toward her with nothing but her body and sword――,

Yorna: [――Love me.]

A moment later, Priscilla’s Yang Sword was held aloft, and the attacks of water and lightning right before her both disappeared into thin air as they were about to clash. ――No, they had not vanished as if smoke.

Undoubtedly, they had been cut away by a slash of the Yang Sword.

However, the sword flash drawn by the treasured sword of crimson was even more refined and blindingly fast than before.

Priscilla: [This is…]

With a slight, surprised exhalation in her voice, Priscilla’s well-shaped brow furrowed.

Winds of reddish flame approached her from all directions. But, Priscilla did not hesitate to slash away the scorching winds with a strike, easily cleaving them away.

As if to reaffirm it, Priscilla then adjusted her grip on the treasured sword, and came to gently touch her own face. Her fingertips gently caressed her eyes, but she likely did not sense anything unusual.

Yorna already knew. That it was something entirely different from a tangible effect accompanying the flame.

――It was the bond Yorna shared with her beloved child, taking form as the flame that burned in their eyes.

Priscilla: [――――]

Priscilla stood straight, with the treasured sword of crimson in hand, and her left eye ablaze.

This was the proof of Yorna’s protection, which had been bestowed to the inhabitants of the Demon City of Chaosflame. By conferring the Soul Marriage Technique upon them, a portion of Yorna’s power could be shared with the target she sought to protect.

Originally, it was a secret technique Yorna would bestow as to protect those children of hers that lacked the strength and skills needed to fight by themselves, as they shared a bond no warrior could be endowed with.

But an exception to that rule arose here and now.

A being equipped with the power and technique to fight, which held a treasured sword no one outside the Imperial Family of Vollachia was allowed to wield, had fulfilled the requirements of a beloved child Yorna wished to protect, regardless of her power.

Yorna: [Priscilla――]

Priscilla: [At last, you are willing to recognize mineself as your own child, Dear Mother.]

Yorna: [How impudent. ――I won’t be a foolish mother who just looks as you walk off into the distance. If you’re going, then I’ll be going to the same hellscape as well.]

She did not intend to let Priscilla go any further by herself.

Priscilla sniffed at Yorna’s answer and permitted her resolve as she stood beside her. As proof of that, Yorna felt something strange on her face causing her to gently move her hand there.

The cause of that discomfort was in her eye―― Most likely, there was a flame harbored there, the same as Priscilla.

The two users of the Soul Marriage Technique, which could not be performed without qualifications, fulfilled each other’s conditions, and complemented each other’s souls. ――A phenomenon that truly could never happen, had happened.

And then, having witnessed that,

Arakiya: […Why?]

A faint voice escaped, and a gaze fell to the ground, as if a curse.

Staring at Yorna and Priscilla side-by-side was Arakiya, placed in the sky. She ran her hand over her face and the eyepatch covering her left eye.

Then, she tore it off as if wrenching it away, and,

Arakiya: [Why! Why, why, why, do you have, the Princess’s…!]

Laying her anger bare, Arakiya displayed the red eye bereft of all light under her eyepatch. Reflected in that eye incapable of sight was Yorna; and so, with that pair of red eyes on her, Arakiya called out.

Called out to Yorna, whose eye harboured a flame, having received the blessing of the Soul Marriage Technique from Priscilla.

And doing so was Arakiya, whose eyes harboured no flame, unable to receive any blessing from Priscilla.

Arakiya: [The Princess… is mine… Hk!]

Priscilla: [Make no mistake, Arakiya. Even supposing your wishes were to be tolerated, and even supposing I were to concede, you would still be mine, and I would never become yours.]

Arakiya: [――Hk.]

Priscilla: [And, mineself would never concede to anyone.]

At Priscilla’s decisive gaze, Arakiya gasped slightly.

However, after that stern declaration by Priscilla, a small sound of protest had interjected.

That was――,

Priscilla: [Dear Mother, for what reason did you strike mineself on the head?]

Yorna: [You should not speak in such a manner. I don’t remember raising my children to be so high and mighty.]

Priscilla: [Dear Mother, I do not recall being raised by you in the first place.]

Yorna: [In that case, it seems that chance has finally come around.]

Saying that, Yorna lowered the kiseru that had struck Priscilla’s head with a clunk, and slowly shook her head before looking up at Arakiya.

In her eyes, there was an invariant anger, and a slight discomposure at what had just occurred.

Staring fixedly there, Yorna put the kiseru in her mouth and inhaled the purple smoke as she stood among the hellscape.

And then, giving a somewhat cheerful smile that did not fit the situation,

Yorna: [Finally, you’ve set your eyes on me, General First-Class Arakiya. ――The chance has come for me to atone for my lack of virtue in failing to discipline you, together with Priscilla, as I should have.]

Arakiya: [What do you…]

Yorna: [To put it simply――]

Yorna exhaled purple smoke as she took in the bewilderment that was carried in those words.

Wrapped in the smoke overflowing from her lips, her eye burning with her daughter’s trust, Yorna Mishigure, the mother that was once Sandra Benedict,

Yorna: [――I am not a parent who cuts corners in disciplining her children. Prepare yourselves, little girls.]

Thus, she harshly declared.

Translation notes:

[1] Dimension is not meant as in a literal different dimension like the one the Great Rabbit was dragged into, it’s more metaphorical than anything.

--- Chapter 102: Wall of Resolve ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and proofreaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Todd Fang did not consider himself to be particularly cautious or meticulous.

The result of him single-mindedly probing things as if were “a matter of course” was to close every conceivable loophole, to cover all potential outcomes, and to assume the worst in order to reduce missteps to the extent of one’s capabilities.

Even if all of this were to be executed, the opponent could still have prepared a strategy, action, or trump card which rendered one completely helpless with no recourse.

He was aware that this was the extent of his innate abilities, a reality he had to come to terms with.

Fortunately, I’ve never encountered such beings and even if I did, I’ve been able to avoid any decisive conflict, which has allowed me to survive to this day.

However――,

Todd: [――At any rate, I’ve been quite unlucky as of late.]

Looking back over the past month or two, a rather short period of time, Todd lamented to himself.

The woes had begun upon being incorporated into a group of troops deployed from the Imperial Capital to the east. Just as he had been reminiscing about his separation from his fiancée Katya, he had made the worst possible discovery.

A man and a woman had been swept down the river near their encampment―― setting aside the woman, the man had set off all the bad luck that had befallen Todd thereafter.

As previously mentioned, Todd did not consider himself special, yet he could not make heads or tails of that man whatsoever. ――He was ordinary, yet extraordinary.

Few words had been exchanged, and their interactions had been short-lived, but the person in question had been completely unaware of that.

Before and since then, Todd had seen several of those so-called heroic beings.

While everyone was aware of the fact that their own existence was outside the norm and that they had no choice but to walk their own unique path, that man was the only exception to the rule.

It was terrifying. So, the only thing he could think about afterwards was to kill that man at any cost whenever the opportunity arose.

However, once it had become clear that said goal was unobtainable, Todd immediately abandoned his plan to exterminate him, instead choosing to stay away from that pest. It was best not to get involved.

It had been likewise necessary to sacrifice Jamal, the umbrella that protected him from the rain, as his only desperate recourse to rescue the captive Arakiya. He had thought that by winning the favor of the more powerful and influential Arakiya, he would be able to escape from the unwanted position he had been placed in. ――But his plan had backfired completely.

As to chase vengeance for Jamal, vengeance that he did not desire, Katya had ultimately been left behind in the Imperial Capital, while he had to somehow make use of the empty-headed and utterly selfless Arakiya, finding himself in the middle of a major rebellion against the Emperor raging throughout the entire Empire.

Absolutely nothing, truly nothing, was going smoothly.

It seemed like the beginning of all this misery had been brought onto him by that pest. So he was hoping that, at the very least, his calculations here would work out――.

Todd: [――My bad, my bad, and here I was going to get them all at once.]

Sneaking deep into enemy territory, he had launched a preemptive surprise attack.

Todd grumbled to himself as he looked at the remaining enemies after the first round of armed troops had been disposed of.

There were three opponents―― two girls and one delicate-looking guy. Even though he had finished off the entire contingent of soldiers present from the get-go, Todd did not consider it to be the best outcome.

Rather, he accepted that the military gain had been minimal.

Originally, the reason why Todd had left his post and ventured into the enemy camp was to take out an opponent who was demonstrating extraordinary capabilities in information warfare―― who would be a nuisance in this battle for the Imperial Capital.

In a large-scale battle of this magnitude, the accurate dissemination of information was a critical factor which could be the difference between life and death.

Frankly, Todd believed that this was the main reason why the rebels could keep up with the Imperial Army’s solid defenses and one-man armies, being the Nine Divine Generals, despite their only boast being strength in numbers.

Speaking in terms of a human body, the commander of a group would correlate to either the head or to the heart. The crushing of both of those would be fatal, and since this was common knowledge, they were naturally protected. However, no matter how hard the head or the heart were to work, if the vessels which allowed blood to circulate did not function, the body would not be able to last.

In that sense, the “blood vessels” were the most crucial enemies to eliminate on a battlefield, since they fulfilled the most vital role in deciding the course of the battle.

Todd: [It’s easy to just answer “There are no women or children in the battlefield”, but that would fit the residents of the Imperial Capital perfectly. Besides, wouldn’t that be a bit too convenient?]

Todd appraised his opponents, exchanging words that should not be exchanged.

The three opponents appeared to be as described above, but there was no definitive proof as to which of them was the “blood vessel” Todd was wary of.

The two young girls hardly seemed appropriate for the battlefield.

They appeared to be in their early teens, much like the Flying Dragon General Madelyn Eschart, but while she was instantly recognizable as a being on a higher level, both these girls were likely human.

However, the very fact that they had no right to be here raised suspicion that the girls were meant to be here as they were.

Todd: [If you were non-combatants who’d just been left behind on the battlefield, your current logic might’ve held. But I don’t recognize a man who serves on the battlefield as a non-combatant.]

On the other hand, the delicate-looking man openly confronting Todd was not a warrior, but he came the closest to his impression of a “blood vessel.”

In terms of powerlessness, he was not much different from the girls, but there was something off about the look in his eyes. A shrewd look, the kind that turned one’s own life into a tool with impunity, hiding behind a thin facade.

He could not let his eyes be drawn to the delicate-looking man, nor could he let his guard down against the two girls.

One of the girls had a strangely determined look in her eyes, and the other unmistakably had the readiness and posture of a warrior. Even though this was not uncommon in Vollachia, the latter had probably already taken a life or two.

If one had experience in killing, even if they were a young girl, they had overcome the wall of resolve.

In other words, he could not afford to let his guard down.

Todd: [Who knows. But my gut is telling me. You’re the root of all evil in this war. And my gut also tells me this.]

Three opponents, each of whom caused Todd to be wary in their own way.

It was also unacceptable that he was also trying to look for openings, or plotting to create one, while Todd was conversing with them―― Although he still had trouble picking out who to prioritize as a target.

Todd: [――It’s better not to waste time with you guys either.]

They were all targets that must be killed, that was Todd’s irrevocable conclusion.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Otto Suwen often cursed his own carelessness.

Although he had wound up in the stickiest of situations in coming to the Vollachian Empire as a result of both Natsuki Subaru and Rem disappearing, there were also many other factors to consider.

Petra had just rebuked him for one such matter on which he needed to reflect deeply.

Using the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language, he ruled over the battlefield of the siege of the Imperial Capital.

This plan, which he had declared with confidence, which had been carried out with Petra’s assistance, had changed the arrangement of the battlefield without prejudice or conceit.

The power of the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language, combined with Petra’s Yang Magic magnifying Otto’s hearing―― kept track of the ever-changing battlefield formations and positions, providing ongoing information.

Of course, the information gathered would be a wasted effort if it could not be used accordingly, but personality aside, Abel had met Otto’s expectations in terms of his abilities, utilizing it splendidly.

Too few people knew how much Otto’s work contributed to this battlefield, but Otto was not concerned with his evaluation.

In any case, nothing that had occurred in the Vollachian Empire could be divulged to the outside world.

It would be worth publicizing were they in the Kingdom of Lugunica, but an evaluation of his work in the Empire would be nothing more than a useless risk. So, evaluation was of secondary importance.

Otto: [All we need is an outcome that brings back Natsuki-san and Rem-san… And, without sacrifice.]

Sacrificing themselves for the sake of bringing back Subaru and Rem would be getting their priorities mixed.

Those were the minimum objectives of this journey, and simultaneously the greatest achievements. ――Rather, it was not that there were more important goals, but that there were no other goals to begin with.

Therefore, he had been prepared to employ all the cards held by his hand on the battlefield, and had thus been admonished by Petra for his recklessness.

He had reflected a lot on that―― and yet, it had not been enough still.

And the result of failing to compensate for his carelessness, was the Imperial Soldier with an axe in his hand standing before him.

Todd: [――My bad, my bad, and here I was going to get them all at once.]

An Imperial Soldier with a bandana wrapped around his head looked at them while gripping a long-handled axe.

Otto, with Petra behind his back as to defend her, cursed his own carelessness greatly in the face of an opponent demonstrating a thoroughly ruthless and pragmatic judgment.

How the gathered information was handled had been left to Abel, the one able to utilize it best.

But the crux of information in warfare lay in how to obtain the information to handle in the first place. Most of the time, people would overlook that part and be tempted to target the main body that handled the information instead.

However, the man in front of him was different.

Todd: [It’s easy to just answer “There are no women or children in the battlefield”, but that would fit the residents of the Imperial Capital perfectly. Besides, wouldn’t that be a bit too convenient?]

The man who thus appeared before Otto and his comrades had clear intentions―― to target Otto and his comrades who gathered the information, rather than the main camp where Abel utilized the gathered information.

Regardless of their status as people with little vigilance and few guards, the outcome would be the same if they were decapitated. The less information there was to handle, the less precise Abel’s command would be. There was no reason for him not to do it.

Otto himself would have done it if he were in the same position as his opponent.

That was why――,

Todd: [If you were non-combatants who’d just been left behind on the battlefield, your current logic might’ve held. But I don’t recognize a man who serves on the battlefield as a non-combatant.]

He observed the man in detail, while feeling that his statement was reasonable.

There were two main questions, however; how had he shown up at this place without being detected by Otto’s channel, and how had he located Otto and his team?

It was safe to assume that the two questions could probably be answered with the same reason.

That this man’s peculiarities of some kind had allowed him to bypass the channel and locate the source of the transmission.

Todd: [Who knows. But my gut is telling me. You’re the root of all evil in this war. And my gut also tells me this.]

He had wished to find clues to this from the conversation, but the man was thorough, as per his initial analysis.

The man understood that not saying much would allow him to defend himself. Unlike the kind typical of the Empire, who used overwhelming force to subdue their opponents, the man had a cunning attitude.

These enemies, were formidable. ――An opponent who assessed himself as weak was a threat.

Because of that――,

Todd: [――It’s better not to waste time with you guys either.]

The man leapt straight at him, swinging his long-handled axe.

In response, Otto gritted his teeth whilst pouring all his energy into avoiding the first blow. He poured it in, then braced himself. ――He wondered how far he could get against the man, with the minimal preparation he had.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Petra Leyte regretted her lack of discipline whenever she was put through adversity.

Due to her young age, Petra was often spoiled by her peers in the Camp, but she had decided that it would be a different matter to resign herself to her position as a child and accept her own immaturity.

If this were because of a mistake she had made in her daily life at the mansion, in the course of her duties as a maid, she might not have had to take it so seriously.

However, complacency of the sort, complacency that depended on the situation, would eventually lead to a serious mistake.

There was no need to go as far as saying that she ought to be tense all the time.

However, she must, at all times, achieve what was expected of her. That was Petra’s approach to thinking about things, or at least that was the immature ideal she aspired to.

That was why――,

Todd: [――It’s better not to waste time with you guys either.]

Resisting her own trembling from head-to-toe, she looked up at the Imperial Soldier swooping in with an axe in his hand.

At the edge of her vision, which was soaked with welled-up tears, she could see the charred corpse of the messenger who had been burned by the raging flames.

If Otto had not frantically pulled her out of the way, she too would have lost her life. That fact left a crack in Petra’s spirit, and at the same time――,

Otto: [Petra-chan!]

As he called out her name, Petra was moved by the great faith Otto had in her.

Abandoning his attitude towards the role of a “young lady” that Petra had provisionally played, Otto’s voice jolted the actual Petra and broke her free from the fear and regret petrifying her.

Thereupon――,

Otto: [――Number seven!]

At Otto’s signal, Petra reflexively lifted her arm.

A moment later, Petra’s mind was filled with anxiety. She had been entrusted with this role after proclaiming that she could do it, but there was no denying that it had been a spur-of-the-moment course of action.

She had practiced the whole time. So she was aware of her own strength to fight when it came time to perform.

And then there was――,

Petra: [――Subaru.]

Calling out the name of the one she loved to scatter the surplus of anxiety, she simply gritted her teeth.

Petra: [――Jiwald!]

With that chant, a ray of white light shot out of Petra’s fingertips.

It was one of the few offensive spells Yang Magic boasted, a spear of light that pierced anything in its path―― but only when wielded by a first-rate master, and Petra, inexperienced as she was, did not meet that standard.

Petra’s Jiwald would inflict a burn at best, rather than killing a living target.

Nethertheless, that was fine.

Petra: [――――]

The white light emitted from her fingertips was directed at the man who had leaped at her―― that was false, it was directed at the ground diagonally behind him. It was their rehearsed move “number seven”, disguised as to not look unnatural.

Its purpose was not to burn the man. ――The aim was to ignite what had been prepared.

Todd: [Wha――]

Otto’s specialty, a ground trap using Fire Magic Stones.

Ten traps had been prepared in case Otto, who searched for enemies using open “channels”, and Petra, who assisted him, were targeted.

Because of the number of Magic Stones he could carry and the fact that he had to move around while searching for enemies, he could hardly be perfectly prepared. Even so, Otto had indeed stated “You never know what might be useful”, his almost insidiously meticulous preparation now coming to fruition as the ground behind the man exploded.

Todd: [――Hk.]

Instantly, the man’s vigilance shifted slightly towards his back.

As Petra had been instructed, the explosion did not blow up under the man’s feet or even close to him, so the shock and heat of the explosion did not reach him. Merely, it drew his attention backwards ever so slightly.

That was enough for the girl looking for an opening on which to pounce.

???: [Oyraaa――!]

Swinging the barbarian sword in her hands, Medium dove into her opponent’s chest.

The blonde girl was not much taller than Petra, however, with bravery entirely different in nature to Petra’s she rushed in, slashing away at the axe-wielder’s arm.

Todd: [Tch.]

The man, distracted and clicking his tongue, twisted his wrist and quickly returned Medium’s blow with his axe. They both shrugged off each other’s initial blows, and returned to square one――,

Medium: [Another! Another! Anotheeerrr!]

Despite the initial expectations, Medium was not that weak-willed at all.

Even with her barbarian sword having been parried by her opponent’s strike, she made use of the momentum of the parry to revolve and unleash a sword strike empowered by that same momentum. If her opponent did dodge that strike, she would use the momentum to spin around again for yet another sword strike.

Her sword dance, was akin to an unstoppable flow of water from a rising river――,

Otto: [Number four!]

Petra: [Yes!]

Tapping the captivated Petra on the shoulder, Otto’s next instruction came flying in.

Once the signal was given, she would shoot magic at the designated spot without thinking. ――At the time she agreed to accompany Otto on his travels around the battlefield, she had been told that this was the most important condition.

Therefore, Petra was determined to follow those instructions, forgetting all fears and anything else.

Petra: [Jiwald!]

Magic was fired once again, but this time the ground exploded at a much closer spot than before.

Perhaps the man may have thought they would avoid embroiling Medium since they were in the middle of crossing swords. But that was a naïve thought.

Otto: [If necessary, we will involve Medium-san.]

Petra: [I’ll cast a healing spell on you later, okay?]

Medium: [Uoooh! I don’t really get it, but I can’t stop now!]

The explosion detonated a few meters away and struck them in a way betraying such naiveté.

Ruthless as it may have been, Petra agreed with Otto’s way of thinking. Them surviving having suffered some wounds was more important than the ideal scenario of all three getting through unscathed.

Despite her skin being scorched by the heat of the explosion, Medium’s momentum did not stop.

With a sense of gratitude and guilt, Petra, alongside Otto, devoted all their energy as to repel this assassin――,

Todd: [Oioi, give me a break.]

The moment they looked closer, the man asserted thus within the sound of the explosion.

It had sounded awfully clear, and present there was not even a sliver of anger or impatience from having suffered any setback. It was more like a strange, out-of-place sentiment.

Rather, the man’s voice was filled with exasperation.

Todd: [Are we thinking the same thing?]

The moment Petra heard that, goosebumps ran all over her body.

Even without understanding these words, the intent behind them felt clear as day.

Otto: [Number two!]

Just when Petra was about to realize the true nature of the shiver in a little more detail, at Otto’s scream she promptly abandoned all thought and immediately obeyed.

The Jiwald she fired off transferred heat to the magic stone hidden in the ground, just as before. ――However, Petra’s finger was now pointing beneath their own feet.

Petra: [――――]

A white light flashed under their feet, turning red and causing a shockwave.

After doing it, Petra realized that it was the emergency escape plan, something that Otto had prefaced with, “I would rather not use it, because it will hurt”.

And in fact, Petra’s small body was launched into the air as her soles bounced off the overflowing light. However, she did not ascend unprotected.

Gripped by an arm that reached out with a “Guh”, Petra’s body was embraced by Otto’s slender frame.

Of course, Otto’s body had also been sent flying by the same impact, but Otto had chosen to avoid making the mistake of flying away in a direction where they would be separated and unable to support each other, and to at least to minimize the damage Petra’s body would suffer.

Otto’s decision had allowed Petra not to complain nor stiffen, but to use Yang Magic as quickly and strongly as possible, to make Otto’s body ever-so-slightly resistant to the impact.

And she had managed that. Their bodies bounced off the ground. And immediately after that――,

Petra: [――――]

With a bang, a powerful detonation occurred at the same spot Petra had made one happen before―― that was, where Petra and Otto had been until just before.

Catching a glimpse of the identity behind the explosion’s sound, Petra’s eyes witnessed a flame which seemed to be the same thing that had immolated the two messengers.

Said flame had aimed to scorch Petra and the others from behind.

Petra: [That axe…]

He had made Petra and Otto think that he was going to cut them down, but his real goal had been the Fire Magic Stones planted behind them.

The man’s favorite approach was the refusal to engage in a head-on confrontation, and the fact that it overlapped with Otto’s preparedness was probably the true explanation behind the man’s grumblings.

Petra: [Ugh!]

Petra arrived at the same thought as Otto did, who was tumbling to the ground while holding Petra in his arms, almost simultaneously.

Grunting in pain as he rolled on the hard ground, Otto gritted his teeth while being bombarded by shockwaves. However, Otto immediately got to his knees on the spot, turning to face the man while lifting Petra’s body up.

Propped up by Otto’s body, Petra also glared at the man who was some distance away.

However, contrary to the concerns held by Petra and Otto, the man did not immediately give chase.

They understood right away why that was, as well as his intention behind it.

Todd: [I don’t really want to do that though.]

While spilling that out, the man turned his head to check, an axe pointed at them.

Ascertaining the feeling of the ground beneath his feet, where the explosion had occurred, the man sniffed the black smoke rising from the burnt grass, and spoke,

Todd: [There, and there. And then, over there.]

Petra widened her eyes at what followed, after the man had quietly muttered something.

The man had turned his head, and the ground had exploded in his line of sight. It was number six. Then number nine and number one, followed by number five and number eight, and so on.

Petra: [B-But how…]

Otto: […No way, a Spirit?]

It was a surprise that he had seen through the traps’ hiding places, but they could not comprehend how he had blown them up.

Otto’s words had made Petra gasp at the mysterious method of the man, who had displayed no signs of using magic the same way as Petra had in inducing the explosion.

If he truly was a Spiritual Arts User, that would make him the same as Subaru and Emilia.

As for Petra, she was severely reluctant to admit the man in front of her as being a person similar to two people whom she loved so dearly in many ways――,

Petra: [But, there’s no Spirit to be seen here…]

Todd: [There’s more than one way to get them to comply. If they don’t want to be eaten, that is.]

Petra: [Eh?]

Otto: [I am not just saying this out of spite, but it is probably for the best if we do not listen to him.]

Petra, unable to understand his reply, froze with wide eyes. And then, with a tap on her shoulders, Otto immediately brought her back to her senses.

It was impossible to tell whether the man’s reply had been intended to create an opening, or whether he was partly telling them the truth.

However, one thing could be said for certain.

Petra: [I despise you.]

Medium: [I feel the same!]

In response to Petra, a small shadow flew, clenching her fists tightly whilst shouting.

It was Medium, who had been wary of the mysterious man’s peculiar skill, hence she had chosen an opportune moment to strike. Slipping into the smoke created by the series of explosions the man had set off, she aimed at his back by lunging her barbarian sword all the way from the other side of the smoke.

After enduring for a long time, patiently so, her bold blow went straight for the man’s back――,

Todd: [Of the three of you, you’re the easiest one to read.]

Medium: [――Ah.]

Leaning his body to the side, the man escaped the downward trajectory of the barbarian sword.

And following on, the man turned himself around and thrust his axe towards Medium behind him.

Todd: [You’re the only one who does things according to the way of the Empire. It’s absolutely sickening.]

Petra: [Medium-chan!]

The sight of the man’s relentless axe was absorbed by Petra’s trailing shriek, looming towards Medium’s wide-eyed face.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Medium O’Connell did not put too much thought into things.

Strictly speaking, Medium had a lot to think about on her own.

She was always worried about her brother, Flop O’Connell, and at the same time, she trusted him. Upon hearing that he had been taken away from the Fortress City, the surprise and worry were to an extent such that her chest had been about to burst. But her brother would have probably panicked, had he found out that her body had been shrunk while on her lonesome.

So she thought that they were about even in terms of worry and trust.

Flop: [Dear sister! We arrive at way better solutions when we think with our hearts, rather than racking our brains. That seems especially the case for you, so keep that in mind!]

Those words that her brother had said a long time ago had served as an important guiding light within Medium, irrespective of her chest being shrunk or not.

Since thinking about things with one’s heart tended to be linked to completely nonsensical, outrageous statements, it was also detested by some. Abel in particular seemed to find it quite disagreeable.

But what her brother had stated was great. In fact, that approach had worked out great for Medium.

Medium: [As expected, big bro’s awesome!]

Of course, if that made everything go well, she would not have become smaller, her brother would not have been taken to the Capital, Rem would not have disappeared, Natsumi would not have been flung away, Chaosflame would not have been destroyed, and Emily and the others would not have been all over the place, probably.

There was no way everything would go well.

However, as far as Medium’s actions were concerned, it was the best way to achieve the optimal outcome.

For that reason, the moment an axe had swung violently towards her defenseless face after her surprise attack from behind had failed, Medium did not panic, even as she thought “Ah, I’m gonna die”.

It was similar to feeling no regret after taking the best possible action and fulfilling one’s role to the end, but one would still end up losing because the outcome was inevitable.

Of course, she hated the thought of dying here, since being unable to reunite with her brother would leave her heartbroken, and she was full of regret for not being able to help her new friends like Rem and Natsumi.

However, after thinking through things with her heart, Medium had executed the best possible option she had come up with.

The results came down, for want of a better word, to luck―― were it to not work out her life would be forfeit, as per the way of Vollachia.

However――,

Medium: [――――]

Just before it slashed into her face, sparks flew off the thick blade of the axe, and it was repelled.

While just barely feeling the scent of steel in her nose, Medium exhaled slightly,

Medium: [As expected, big bro’s awesome. I haven’t died even once doing things this way.]

???: [――Oh, I’m jealous of that. I’ve completely lost count.]

Medium, expressing how the method taught to her by her brother had saved her once again, attained an answer from the person who had bounced away the axe that should have taken her life.

What had been swung, was the dao, as thick as the axe that had been repelled―― the person gripping it was quite strange, with his appearance earning high marks from Medium’s perspective.

Todd: [You’re…]

Todd turned his gaze to the person that had stepped in, the man who had protected Medium when it had been all but certain that she would have been killed, and moved his lips in displeasure.

The man who had interrupted him―― a one-armed wanderer with a jet-black helmet hiding his face let out a “Sorry to interrupt your good mood”, then continued,

One-Armed Man: [I was wondering where things looked worst, but as people say, “It’s darkest right below the lamp post”. But man, is it seriously troubling when the future’s this dark.]

Todd: [――――]

The man who had quietly come to kill the non-combatants assumed a cautious stance.

However, it was not the stance of a lion cutting corners against a rabbit, but that of a hunter wary of the possibility of the rabbit having disguised itself as something else, and seeing that, the wanderer―― Al, shrugged.

And then――,

Al: [That dark future’s out of my hands. After all, I can’t even see the stars.]

Thus, he declared his participation in the battle.

--- Chapter 103: Countdown of the Stars ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and proofreaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――As tremors shook the world, as the sky split into white and red, as the clashing of lives brought forth an event of calamitous proportions, Rem had made a decision.

Rem: [If I’m going to make a move, it’s now or never.]

In the Imperial Capital, where a battle of unimaginable scale was seemingly taking place, Rem remained imprisoned in Berstetz’s mansion, her freedom having been greatly restricted.

Even as she felt a burning smell getting stronger and stronger day-by-day, Rem had been unable to do anything of use. Feeling deeply ashamed of that, the choice of staying silently in place for a second more was no longer acceptable to her.

In the end, Rem had not once come face-to-face with Berstetz, the owner of the mansion and the perpetrator behind her confinement, ever since their first chance meeting. For that reason, there had been no way for her to examine what that old man, who had been concerned about the future of the Empire because of his own philosophy, having thus deposed the then-Emperor Abel, would think of all that having led to the great battle engulfing the entire Empire.

However, even supposing there had been an opportunity, he and Rem would not have understood each other, most likely.

Rem: [After all, Berstetz-san and I stand on entirely different sides.]

Even if it sounded cold, that was the conclusion Rem had ultimately come up with.

Only the strong, or those with the leeway to do so, could sympathize with and take into account the circumstances of those in a different position. Since Rem was neither, she had been forced to make a decision.

Who would she turn into an enemy, and who would she regard as an ally?

Leaving that aside, Rem bore no hostility towards Berstetz or Madelyn. That, in particular, made Abel’s inability to explain things properly, alongside Priscilla’s unreasonable requests, much more difficult to deal with.

Therefore, what Rem would be trying to do from now on originated not from hostility or rebellious intent towards them, but from nothing more than the result of having chosen where she would stand.

Rem: [――――]

With the battle for the Imperial Capital having begun, even though Berstetz’s mansion had surely been constructed quite deep within the city, the effects of the fierce battle could be felt there nonetheless.

Naturally, the mansion had also been placed on high alert, and being more or less a prisoner of war, Rem too had been ordered to wait in the room provisioned for her. Hence, her freedom was even more restricted than usual.

However, from the perspective of the mansion’s security, Rem was nothing more than a hobbling girl anyway, and the security system in place had not been set up so that a guard would be left as a sentry in front of her room day and night.

――Taking advantage of this negligence in security, Rem had silently slipped out of the room.

Holding her breath, Rem crawled from the skylight of her room to the roof of the mansion.

Since she had been careful not to make a sound, the security had not noticed Rem’s stealthy maneuvers. It would be harsh to blame this on their negligence―― they probably would never have even thought that a girl with a cane would sneak out from a room in this kind of way.

That would be the case, if Rem truly were a girl unable to walk as she wished without a cane.

Rem: [I expected to prepare for the worst, but…]

Of course, it was not a lie that Rem had complained of her handicap and used a cane up until this point in time.

However, with her incomplete Memories troubling those around her, she could not let her impaired leg stay as-is forever, and because of that she had been constantly practicing walking.

As her efforts bore fruit, and she began being able to stand on her feet somewhat, it struck her. ――Were she to lead them to believe she had a limp, it would perhaps come in handy.

In fact, she had not yet thought as far as to how exactly it would come in handy.

On the contrary, if her secret devoid of use were to be discovered, she might have put everyone on alert inadvertently. However, since her troubles actually proved useful, she could probably say that she taken a gamble, and successfully so.

However, she absolutely could not let down her guard. Since she could only say that winning the gamble had paid off once these actions started leading to some kind of results.

Going out of one’s way to gamble would become meaningless unless it turned into a win.

In the first place, Rem had been trying not to think about just whose influence had made her take a risk as she was doing.

In any case――,

Rem: [――If only I could stay undetected until I get away.]

Rem’s goal in getting on the roof, had not been for escaping the mansion.

That had been an option difficult to discard as well, but other than Rem, Flop too was being held captive in the mansion. There was no way he could have gotten out alone, and the mansion was surrounded by a high wall to begin with. Climbing over it would have been difficult, unlike the roof, so there appeared to be no point in even considering it.

Therefore, Rem had escaped from her room to make contact with those in a building separate from the mansion, located within this same plot of land―― the Crown Princes, which had been captured all over the country and gathered at this place.

The black-haired Crown Prince had been hailed as the leader behind the rebellion, according to what she had heard. Despite the doubts about whether this person was truly Abel’s legitimate child, he probably had one or two things in his mind about the current state of the Empire.

If Rem could make contact with them, a sliver of hope to get her out of the situation she had been put in might emerge.

Rem: [I need to ensure that I, Flop-san, and Katya-san as well, are safe.]

Rem felt that she was in need of allies that could cooperate with each other.

She had been carefully making her way along the roof towards the edge, taking great care not to make a sound. Despite her effort to step softly, there was no guarantee that the guards would not find her, or that she would be able to get away successfully.

In order to not let this opportunity go to waste, she was fully prepared to risk her life in case she were spotted. This was also the reason she could not stand idly by.

That was――,

Rem: [――Hk.]

Suddenly, strange occurrences popping up in the distant sky caused Rem to jump out of her skin.

Witnessing the battle taking place all throughout the walls of the Imperial Capital at the edge of her vision, as the looming sky changed into a peculiar spectacle, Rem gasped.

Being so distant from the event, Rem had no way of knowing the details, but at the very moment the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia had descended upon the top of the star-shaped walls protecting the Imperial Capital, the Spirit Eater Arakiya turned the clouds into flames, and Moguro Hagane rose up as the very rampart itself.

Without knowing the actual reality of the situation, Rem stiffened as she sensed those dangers by instinct. At the very same moment, she lost the strength to remain standing on the roof.

Simultaneous with a hoarse “Ah” escaping from Rem’s mouth, her body slid down the slope of the roof. She almost tumbled all the way down, but, instead, she quickly grabbed the edge of the roof with all her might.

Rem: [That, was close…]

She would have had no good excuse, were she to have screamed or fallen down below.

Barely hanging on from the edge of the roof, Rem exhaled a sigh of relief. Slowly, she tried to get herself back on the roof and then――,

Rem: [――? This is…?]

With her objective still far away, her dangling from the roof had only been a mishap on her way there. As Rem held onto the edge, however, a door set up at the very end of the large building caught her eyes.

Even though Rem had been allowed some relative freedom in going to and fro’ within the mansion, and thus having looked around everywhere, this was the first time she had spotted a door to a section that was off-limits just like the detached building. By going around the mansion along the roof, she had wandered onto a section that would normally be inaccessible.

Rem: [A hidden door…? What in the world?]

As questions about her discovery arose within her mind, Rem was briefly arrested by hesitation.

Her preliminary goal had been to make contact with the “Crown Princes” at the other building in the mansion ground. This would have given her a clearer picture of the situation, as well as a better chance of finding a way out of it.

On the other hand, the unexpected hidden door could just ultimately turn out to be a mere liquor cellar. Was it really worth taking the risk to get in?

Rem: [――――]

She did not even need to think to know what the rational option was. ――And yet, Rem chose the irrational option.

Releasing her grip from the edge of the roof, she descended to the passageway with the hidden door. She took care in her attempt to be as quiet as possible, yet her footsteps could still be heard. However, the sky that had startled her earlier remained unusual, so the mansion’s guards should be quite distracted.

Risking it and relying on that, Rem put her hand on the hidden door and threw it open.

Rem: [Stairs leading to a basement…]

The door had not been locked, probably due to it being unnecessary, rather than due to carelessness.

It hardly seemed like a place uninvited guests were supposed to go into. Since Rem, who had more-or-less arrived at the mansion with an invitation, was the one entering it, she had no reason to complain.

Greeted by stairs which emanated cold air, and a dim space with no light, Rem inhaled lightly as she headed downstairs with her hands tracing the wall.

There was the possibility that something of unbelievable dread waited for her.

It was also possible that Berstetz had trapped something outrageous and horrifying.

However――,

Rem: [――Is, someone there?]

With some kind of mysterious conviction, Rem asked a question within the darkness of the basement she had reached.

It was poorly lit, in darkness, but one could sense that the basement was not that spacious. There was also a large presence in the back of the room which could only be vaguely discerned.

Although large, it was by no means monstrous.

It was a human bearing quite a large physique; such a presence had been chained and held captive against the wall on the other side of the basement.

And finally, that person, upon hearing Rem’s question, spoke――,

???: [I must… His Excellency…]

Rem: […You’re?]

???: [I must, protect… His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia…]

A low, passionate voice caused the stale air within the basement to shake, pitifully so.

The echoes of sincerity contained within the voice were strong and powerful, filled with selfless loyalty.

Rem: [――――]

With those words, Rem decided to take one step after another, and closed the gap between her and the other person.

In doing so, the figure of a bulky man all chained-up vaguely emerged in the darkness. His body was truly huge, white scars etched all across his face――,

Man: […Goz, Ralfon.]

A beat later, Rem realized that what he had mumbled was probably a name.

In fact, it did sound familiar.

If she recalled correctly, that was one of the Nine Divine Generals, one of the most powerful and renowned beings in the Vollachian Empire――.

Goz: [I must protect His Excellency from the Great Disaster――]

The man was like a lion, roaring heroically as his scar-ridden face contorted.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Abel, you did say this, right? That you’re the one who spread the rumor about the Crown Prince?]

Serena Dracroy, a woman of character who was overlooking the state of the siege of the Imperial Capital from the main rebel camp, standing there with her arms crossed, asked this of Abel. Slowly, he raised his face covered by the oni mask.

Serena’s Flying Dragon Squadron had appeared from the far west as reinforcements. With the participation of first-class flying dragon riders who possessed the ability to tame flying dragons, air superiority had suddenly tilted towards their side.

Of course, there were some battlefields in which the flying dragon riders were at a disadvantage due to the presence of the Cloud Dragon and the Spirit Eater, but having the entire battlefield under their control was unnecessary.

All it would take was a single breach and even the walls of the Imperial Capital, renowned for their solidity, would begin collapsing starting from there.

There were measures in place to achieve this; at least, Abel thought so. Hence, knowing that there were places on the battlefield in which they were at a disadvantage, and others they had arrived at a stalemate, he would issue orders on and off.

Abel: [Does it look like I have time for your idle chit-chat now? If anything, should you not be keeping an eye on the movements of your subordinates?]

Serena: [Yes, of course. But it’s disheartening that you dismiss this as chit-chat. I took a stance because of your letter and swiftly joined your side. Since me coming was so vital to your strategy, treating me with a little more care wouldn’t make you lose your face.]

Abel: [Spoken like a good-for-nothing​ commoner.]

Serena: [Even if I spoke like a philistine, I’d rather not act like one. I’m just too curious about that reaction from before.]

Shrugging her shoulders, Serena took her gaze away from the sky, directing it towards Abel.

The reaction she had referred to was likely his reaction to the reinforcements from the west―― to the arrival of the military forces that were not Serena’s Flying Dragon Squadron.

Although she had an idea about the unforeseen reinforcements and who was leading them, she found the carelessness of his earlier words and actions vexing.

Hence, it had led to the words Serena had kicked off her idle chit-chat with.

Serena: [You’re the one who spread the matter of the black-haired Crown Prince. And isn’t this Crown Prince the one leading the group right in the middle of that glorious rampage?]

Abel: [In short, you believe that this racket spreading across on the battlefield was orchestrated by the illegitimate offspring of the Emperor?]

Serena: [No, my apologies. It was just a figure of speech. I don’t believe that the black-haired Crown Prince is truly His Excellency’s son. In all likelihood, His Excellency has no children.]

Shaking her head at Abel’s words, Serena replied with a rather confident tone. When Abel raised an eyebrow at her confident answer, she continued, “In any case”,

Serena: [His Excellency never took a consort, and there’s been talk of him never having gotten intimate with a woman. I’ve tried to seduce him before, but he completely ignored me. This should serve as strong evidence.]

Abel: [――. Are you sane?]

Serena: [Of course, I’m entirely serious.]

Abel: [I did not ask if you were serious, I asked if you were sane.]

Being presented with a rather unconvincing reason to base her argument on, Abel’s gaze grew stern.

Serena was one of the more prominent High Counts in Vollachia, and because Abel held her abilities and ambition in such a high regard, he counted her as one of the forces necessary for this decisive battle. However, if Abel were to judge matters using criteria that could not be understood, that in itself meant there was room for consideration.

Serena, who was trying to see matters through Abel’s eyes, let out a “Wait” as she uncrossed her arms and raised one hand, then continued,

Serena: [I’m not kidding, that’s just the most significant reason. That I couldn’t seduce His Excellency is frustrating, but that also hints at something at the same time.]

Abel: [――――]

Serena: [His Excellency has no interest in women. To put it more bluntly, he has no intention to bring forth an offspring.]

Abel looked on at Serena without speaking a word, and the latter continued with, “That’s got to be it, right?”,

Serena: [I’m not saying he is a philanderer, but His Excellency hasn’t sired a child. At the very least, not at this point in time. But even supposing His Excellency swings the other way, he could still have children provided he so wishes. There are two possibilities then, either he’s sterile, or…]

Abel: [He is intentionally not procreating.]

Serena: [Exactly. In any case, I don’t think there’s anything like a Crown Prince. That’s why this talk about an illegitimate child feels questionable in the first place. But if mere doubtful tales can spark a civil war such as this , our country splendidly lives up to its name.]

With a small twist of her cheeks, Serena’s smile was genuine and joyful.

Abel went without mentioning her attitude nor the speculation she had offered. Notably, Serena did not need Abel’s opinion either.

People like her were capable of confirming their own ideas without affirmation from others.

In other words, what she sought from Abel was not affirmation――,

Serena: [For what purpose have you made up the existence of the Crown Prince? After our side is victorious in this battle, who will sit on the vacant throne, and what will you do with your Empire?]

――She asked if they were going to leave the future of the Vollachian Empire in the hands of the Crown Prince.

Abel: [――――]

At Serena’s quiet question, Abel softly closed one eye.

Some would perhaps wonder if this was the right time to be exchanging questions and answers of the sort, as the battle was just about to reach its climax. But it would be too foolish not to think about what would happen after they won, during the melee.

Naturally, since they were fighting with the intention of winning, they needed to plan for the aftermath of the war as well.

Abel: [Why do you inquire this of me?]

Serena: [I don’t mean that the Crown Prince is the… illegitimate son of His Excellency, but I believe that he’s your truest representative to lead this great civil war. If you and the Crown Prince are going to join forces after the war, isn’t it obvious who we should ask regarding the future of the Empire?]

Abel: [――Ha.]

As Serena continued her thoughts, a breath escaped Abel’s mouth upon hearing them.

Simultaneously, he himself was impressed by the effectiveness of the cognitive disruption effect of the mask covering his face.

It was impressive how well it could conceal his identity and true feelings.

Serena: [What’s wrong? Did I say something wrong?]

Abel: [I am not laughing at you. Rather, I admire your discernment. It is just that, when the conclusion is mistaken, the process to reach it is even more off. Not unreasonable, is it?]

Serena: [Hmph…]

Serena’s lips curled in frustration at Abel’s comment.

But exactly as he had stated, her abilities to discern things were impressive. It was only natural to think that Abel’s goal was to win this rebellion and seize the throne of the Vollachian Empire.

He put a person calling themselves the Crown Prince in place, who would seize control over the throne. And if possible, the shadow Emperor could perhaps even murder his puppet at some point, thus taking the throne for himself.

But――,

Abel: [Have no doubt, I hold no intention of handing over the throne. Your assessment is misguided.]

Serena: [So you’re saying all my conjectures are completely off?]

Abel: [Not all. You are correct, I spread the word about the existence of the black-haired Crown Prince with the intention to find that one over there wreaking havoc on the battlefield. But you are mistaking the overall importance.]

Serena: [Overall importance?]

Abel: [How important is it to have him front and center, relative to how important it is to keep him at hands’ reach. The latter is not that essential. ――In any case, that naiveté of his cannot condone the sacrifices of others.]

Serena twisted her head, perplexed beyond comprehension.

However, Abel was not obligated to explain everything to her either. For the time being, he had probably provided her with the answers she sought, and resolved the concerns she held for the post-war.

One possibility was, Serena could even end this rebellion by beheading Abel here and now, then take his head with her to the Crystal Palace.

Everything would be nipped in the bud, but to a certain extent, at the expense of Abel’s gratifying sacrifice.

Abel: [Cast aside hesitation and mercy, and make the most of your naiveté. That is what makes you truly special. ――Natsuki Subaru.]

The person Serena had called the Crown Prince was probably still ravaging the battlefields of the west.

Even Abel did not have a completely consistent image of the person whose name he just uttered, in his mind. From what he recalled, he had been a hectic handful to deal with as an unvarnished crossdresser, and even while donning the appearance of a child.

With that image of Subaru floundering about, hectically moving bout in confusion upon being tossed into some situation, laying his naiveté and inexperience bare, Abel’s lips twisted. With firm disgust.

――No, with hatred, or perhaps, a more appropriate way to describe it would be rage.

Soldier: [――Who are you!?]

As Serena was about to continue questioning Abel, as he concealed his negative emotions behind the oni mask, there was movement in the camp.

Several soldiers guarding the main camp had drawn their weapons, showing utmost caution. Upon taking a look, the soldiers pointing their weapons at a slender figure who had made its appearance from outside the encampment could be seen.

The figure raised its empty hands and chuckled, looking around at the faces of the soldiers pointing their weapons at them.

???: [Myyy~, I wasn’t expecting such a warm welcome. I’m quite the popular one, aren’t I?]

Soldier: [Don’t mess around! Where did you even come from?!]

???: [Guided by the stars… Doesn’t that sound a little too poetic, though?]

The anger of the soldiers, believing that they were being made fun of by that ambiguous answer, flared up.

However, the man’s attitude did not change in response to their threatening demeanor. Abel knew very well that his attitude would not be swayed by this.

And that was why――,

Abel: [――Lower your weapons. That thing does not pose a threat.]

Soldier: [B-but…]

Abel: [Even if you were to give him a knife, he would still be unable to do a thing. He is a clown whose only skill is to play with words.]

???: [Whaat~, that’s a nasty thing to say. I’m hurt, you know?]

He called out to the soldiers that were on-guard to lower their weapons. However, expressing his protest towards that command, the gentle-looking man Abel had spared with a pout of his lips.

Then Serena, who was standing next to Abel, also directed a quizzical look at the man.

Serena: [Why are you here? Aren’t you the Stargazer――]

???: [――Ubilk, if you’d be so kind. Pleased to make your acquaintance, High Countess Dracroy. But then again…]

As the gentle-looking man―― Ubilk, introduced himself, he smiled bewitchingly with the oddly refined face he possessed.

Ubilk was supposed to be in the Imperial Capital, and more specifically at the Crystal Palace. With pompousness, with the utmost maximum of pompousness he cut off the words he had been stating before, and then, delivered a declaration.

Ubilk: [――That’s a conversation for after the Great Disaster, if you happen to survive it, right?]

--- Chapter 104: Bastions in Chaos (Part One) ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and proofreaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――With that sound, the expression “Great Disaster”, Abel’s black eyes narrowed behind his Oni mask.

The person responsible for this utterance, Ubilk, had a smile on his face, going without revealing the depths of his heart.

He was a gentle and affable man who treated everyone equally. His attitude and entire being had not changed ever since the first time he had appeared before Abel.

Ever since the time he had appeared in the audience chamber out of the blue, without any collaborators, or a shred of concern, nothing had changed.

Presenting himself as a Stargazer, Ubilk had correctly predicted disasters that had befallen the Vollachian Empire, over and over again. No matter what events he foresaw, his own feelings had never once wavered.

Almost like――,

Abel: [――Is confronting me here just another event you have anticipated since long ago?]

Ubilk: [Nah, nah. Not at all. You’re giving me way too much credit. I’m faaar~ from being such a big deal.]

Abel: [If all you have to say is nonsense, I shall sever your tongue with glee.]

Ubilk: [Ohhh~ dear, I’m so, so scared. What a stomach-turning thought, as usual.]

While shrugging his slender shoulders, Ubilk boasted this completely unfazed. When Abel sniffed at this attitude, Serena, who was standing next to him, let out a “I don’t get it”.

While comparing Ubilk’s profile with Abel, she raised her hands, then spoke,

Serena: [I’ve seen you before. The Stargazer who strolls in and out of the Crystal Palace… You must be one of the jesters that His Excellency the Emperor keeps at his side. Are you acquainted with him, Abel?]

Abel: [Irredeemably​ so.]

Serena: [Hmm… I didn’t mean to ruffle your feathers until all of this was over, but may I ask one thing? Just who is hiding their face behind that oni mask?]

As Serena harbored doubts on Abel’s identity, a ray of understanding dwelled within her slit-like eyes.

Certainly, she had held some serious suspicions on that front from the very beginning. About the person who had successfully assumed the commanding position of the rebel forces amidst this great civil war shaking the Empire―― including the fact that he kept his true face hidden, he was more than a match for Ubilk in regard to being inscrutable.

However――,

Abel: [Answering that question is not a priority at this moment.]

Serena: [There are means to remove that mask by force. I am also quite confident in my abilities in that regard.]

Abel: [Do not. Consider this a warning.]

Serena: [Ho, you’re warning me?]

At Abel’s words, Serena slowly narrowed her eyes belligerently.

Assuming a stern approach, and making full use of the moniker she had been given, the Scorching Lady, Serena Dracroy―― had made it this far because she had reduced to ashes all the scorn, all the provocations hurled at her till now.

Due to her creed, Abel’s answer was more than enough to inflame tensions.

Ubilk: [Wait, wait, waaait~! Let’s calm down a bit! How can me just showing my face like this create such a tense atmosphere!?]

Abel: [If you keep quiet and observe, you may contribute your fair share to this battle without lifting a finger.]

Ubilk: [Oh, I don’t wish for such a thing. I’d hate to have one, or even both of you bite the dust here, all the mooore~ if I’d be the one to set it all into motion!]

Serena: [――I don’t get it.]

As the two were at each other’s throats, Ubilk raised a relatively flustered voice, reaching out to both of them. Due to Ubilk’s reaction, Serena responded the same way again.

Immediately after, she closed one eye as she played with the hilt of the sword at her waist.

Serena: [If you truly are to stand by the side of His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia, your duty should be to attack me and this man commanding the rebel forces. If you stay put, this man is as good as dead. Shouldn’t this be welcome for you?]

Abel: [Who gave you permission to kill me? You can go ahead and die yourself.]

Serena: [I’m sorry, but I’m talking to this Stargazer right now. Please don’t interrupt our conversation.]

Abel: [――――]

As Serena pushed her own subject, she stopped Abel from cutting in for the time being. Once she looked at Ubilk again, with a blank expression the latter declared,

Ubilk: [An interesting and intriguing spectacle. But please don’t make such a scary face. I’m unarmed, after all.]

Serena: [Being unarmed is no reason for me to let my guard down. Go ahead and give me a reason to remove my hand from the hilt of my sword. Just to let you know, I don’t hesitate to cut someone unarmed.]

Ubilk: [――I can’t be cut down. By you, at least.]

Serena’s tone became gradually harsher, and at the end, her words became a threat. Ubilk, whose face had been looking utterly exhausted just prior, rejected that threat with no more than a few words.

The moment his mouth spoke those words, color faded from Ubilk’s countenance.

Even if the whole picture of those emotions could not be seen, the intent behind these emotions he wanted to display faded away, leaving behind a merely blank, empty, and colorless face.

Serena: [――――]

Serena was not incensed by this provocative declaration, and neither did she draw her sword.

What filled her mind, even more than anger, was Ubilk’s very existence―― No, rather, it was this suspicious sense of eeriness and a touch of uneasiness towards this being dubbed a Stargazer.

It was as if this person before her very eyes was confronting her, without even confronting her properly.

Serena: […We should probably kill you right here and now.]

Ubilk: [Ahh, how awful. I’m gravely hurt by this. What do you think?]

Abel: [Every so often, I share the same thoughts Serena Dracroy possesses right now. However, this man has survived to this day. That’s a fact.]

Remaining indifferent to everyone meant never knowing when he had trodden on somebody’s toes.

Ubilk, with his complete inability to adapt on the fly, trod on the toes of many in the Vollachian Empire, thus incurring the wrath of countless people. At times, he’d even had a blade pointed at him.

Despite all of this, Ubilk had survived to this day――,

Ubilk: [It’s the will of the stars. Oh, Ubilk… it’s too early for you to die just yet, waaay~ too early.]

Clasping his hands together before his chest, Ubilk stated thus in a light-hearted manner, to which Serena’s cheeks stiffened.

There was no point in debating whether that was true or not. The fact that Ubilk had appeared here―― No, the fact that he had first appeared at the Crystal Palace, meant one thing.

Ubilk would not die.

The stars he spoke of―― it was as if he was saying that his life was secured, that he had been placed under the protection of the Observers, omnipresent as they ridiculed this world.

Abel: [――――]

In the middle of this thought, Abel exhaled, feeling the silencing zeal in that assertion.

Abel’s personal feelings towards Ubilk and the other Stargazers mattered naught. What was important, was that Ubilk had appeared before Abel’s eyes.

This clown, who was aligned with the stars in every possible scenario, had shown himself before Abel――,

Ubilk: [You stepped off the stage once before; rather, it’s more appropriate to say that you were forced to, but do you plan to rise up once again?]

Completely ignoring Serena, Ubilk’s gaze turned to Abel.

Unsure what to make of those words, Serena frowned her well-shaped eyebrows. But, Abel had no intention of responding to her in either a kind or thorough manner.

Above all, that question was truly infuriating for Abel.

Abel: [I shall tell you something.]

Ubilk: [Yes?]

Abel: [I never had any intention to step off the stage even once, as you put it.]

Folding his arms, he started by correcting Ubilk’s misconceived original suggestion.

Having been ousted from his throne and driven to lands far to the east, Abel had been put in dire circumstances on many occasions. However, his will to fight had never wavered.

He had never forgotten the role he was supposed to play, nor had he ever thought of abdicating it.

Abel: [You cannot comprehend it, Stargazer. As you have never once stepped upon the stage.]

Ubilk: [――. A painful thing to hear, iiisn’t~ it?]

Abel: [You cannot comprehend even that, as well.]

With a series of fitting words and facial expressions, Ubilk attempted to communicate with Abel. However, Ubilk’s emotionless words did not convey an understanding of Abel’s true intentions.

And, that already seemed to be the limit for Ubilk, as Abel had already dismissed it.

For that reason――,

Abel: [The time is nigh. That is probably why you have traveled here.]

Ubilk: […Indeed, but you already knew I was coming, didn’t you?]

Abel: [Nonsense. I am nothing like you. I may speculate a second ahead of time, but I am not certain. ――Blind acceptance might be a more fitting way to describe it.]

Ubilk: [――――]

With Abel’s comment, Ubilk’s expression changed slightly.

The slight quiver of his eyebrows was derived from his seldom-displayed negative emotions. Be it either anger or discomfort, it was nothing short of a rare response.

Unfortunately, there was no such thing as cheap satisfaction to be found in Abel’s mind.

Serena: [And now what will you do, you should be at His Excellency’s side no matter what. Should I send your decapitated head?]

Abel: [The Emperor would not even bat an eye. If anything, he would be a bit aggravated that he did not issue the order himself, but that would be the end of it. More importantly…]

Serena: [More importantly?]

Even though Serena did not understand the details of the dialogue between Abel and Ubilk, she nodded her head as she saw it heading towards a conclusion.

Abel briefly paused as he saw her wavy brown hair sway over her shoulders in the corner of his eye.

And then, he declared.

Abel: [I shall leave you with a great role to play. ――A role that no one but you can fulfill on this battlefield.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Kicking off the white snow that had piled up, a shadow raced unhindered across the battlefield.

The ground, covered with a thin layer of ice, was slippery all over the place, the lingering temperature was so exceedingly cold that it seemingly cut through one’s skin, and an enemy, so formidable that it paralyzed one’s instincts, was looming from above. Outright rejecting these various circumstances, at lightning speed, the shadow ran past from behind.

Mezoreia: [You, you, you――]

Cecilus: [Ahahahaha! Instead of “you”, you should call me Cecilus Segmunt! You are more than welcome to address me so loudly that it echoes all over the battlefield…]

Mezoreia: [CECILUS SEGMUNT――!!]

Cecilus: [Yes, exactly!]

Leaving behind a grinning afterimage, the very next moment the soles of his zori pierced the side of Cloud Dragon’s face.

With an explosive sound, its head flamboyant​ly bounced back, and Mezoreia’s giant body swayed wildly in the air. Emilia was surprised by how a boy much smaller than her had accomplished this.

Emilia: [That boy, he’s amazing…]

Not only had he stopped the Dragon’s breath as it was about to sweep the battlefield, but he had also proudly stated what was likely his name as he began to fight the Dragon without backing down a single step.

Emilia was captivated by the blue-haired child, who had proclaimed himself to be Cecilus.

It was exactly like she was witnessing the boy upon the grand stage he so boldly spoke of.

Emilia: [――――]

Cecilus’s body moved in and out of Emilia’s vision as if he were a phantom or an illusion. Repeatedly, he entered and exited Emilia’s field of view from side-to-side, from top to bottom, at a tremendous speed.

He was much too fast for Emilia’s eyes to keep up with, so they started spinning round and round.

And it was the same for Mezoreia, whom Cecilus coiled around.

Mezoreia: [――Hk! You are! This dragon’s! This dragon’s adversary!]

Flapping its wings in the air, the claws and tail of the Cloud Dragon swung about uncharacteristically recklessly.

This was directed at Cecilus, who cheerfully jumped around using a wall of ice that Emilia had built―― to keep Mezoreia from leaving the battlefield.

However, the Dragon’s attacks merely hit spots Cecilus had long since passed by, leaving her important, real target unscathed.

On the contrary, as soon as Mezoreia’s tail hit the wall, Cecilus jumped on it and ran up onto its back in one fluid motion, and,

Cecilus: [Go, go, go, go, go!]

With kicks so swift it was as if he possessed several more legs than he actually did, he knocked Mezoreia towards the ground.

Emilia: [I-it’s falling…!]

While it flapped its wings violently, Mezoreia flipped over in midair and crashed into the ground.

After a tremendous roar and tremor, the snow that covered the soil was projected upwards and scattered; Emilia, while being showered with cold wind, was almost unable to withstand the breathtaking spectacle.

But admittedly, this was a ridiculously lucky situation that she could not afford to miss out on.

Emilia: [At this rate, we can defeat Mezoreia…]

Cecilus: [Oops, that won’t do. You’re going to have to hold off on that.]

Emilia: [Huh?]

Though she thought it was a bit unfair, Emilia honed the Mana around her and tried to drop a large block of ice on top of the fallen Mezoreia.

But when Emilia was about to do so, Cecilus slipped in front of her and stuck his finger on the tip of her nose; startled by his action, she stopped moving.

Cecilus, having quickly poked Emilia’s nose, made her blink in surprise, and spoke,

Cecilus: [Listen up. Just now, I saved you from a dangerous situation in the nick of time, didn’t I? And now my one-on-one battle with the Dragon has begun… You know what you should do from here, don’t you? Yes, you should have faith in my victory and nobly pray for me! That’s the role of a princess.]

Emilia: [Umm… But I’m not really a princess? But I’m not entirely unrelated to a throne, though.]

Cecilus: [Princess is just a figure of speech. More precisely, it’s the flower of the story falling madly in love with me, the hero who came to her rescue. The perfect role for someone as beautiful as you, don’t you think?]

Emilia: [Ah, I’m sorry. I’ve already decided on the person I’ll fall in love with.]

Cecilus: [Oh, is that so? Then there’s no way around it. Please continue.]

Despite being incessantly spoken to at a staggering pace, Emilia had not missed anything essential. Accordantly, Cecilus understood it immediately as well, and thus backed away.

Since he had pulled back, Emilia once again raised her hand out towards Mezoreia,

Emilia: [Hiyah―!]

And with that, a giant block of ice fell at full speed from the sky, aimed at Mezoreia who had fallen to the ground.

A boom echoed after it stabbed Mezoreia’s belly, who had been lying face-up on the ground. While hearing the Dragon’s low-toned cries of pain, Emilia readied the next one, saying “One more time”,

Cecilus: [Pardon my impoliteness.]

Right after that, Emilia had her legs swept out from under her as she readied herself, and as she screamed out an “Ahk!”, her body was gently lifted, withdrawing with momentum such that it was like she was being forcibly pulled away from her location.

The next moment, a strong wind raged where Emilia and Cecilus had been, and the shockwave that the Dragon had used the ground as a conduit for gouged that place, making all the soil in a certain range of that spot shoot out.

Had they moved to the side any slower, they would have died.

Cecilus: [As expected, with a Dragon as an opponent, nothing is straightforward, but at least I got a chance to show off every second. But this came just in the nick of time because of all my pent-up frustration from being paired up with all those extras.]

Emilia: [T-thank you, for saving me.]

Cecilus: [No, no, don’t worry about it! Beauties who already have a loved one just need to be charmed in a different way. Just remember to invite me to the wedding!]

Cecilus, who had picked her up and saved her just in time, smiled heartily at Emilia’s gratitude.

Strictly speaking, Emilia did not have a loved one, but rather someone whom she might fall for, but right now was neither the time nor the place for quibbles. What was important was――,

Emilia: [Use these, Cecilus!]

Cecilus: [Use what? Even you tell me that, I don’t know what I’m supposed to use… Ohh!]

Emilia lowered herself to the ground, as to place her hands on it, and the eyes of Cecilus, his head tilted, started sparkling. In his vision were swords, spears, axes as well as various other weapons of ice, all growing out of the ground.

Ice Brand Arts, which forged weapons out of ice, manifested a row of weapons in front of Cecilus all the way to Mezoreia.

Cecilus: [This is quite spectacular! I like it, it’s cool! To tell you the truth, I only wanted to hold a suitable, excellent sword of some kind, one that’s legendary or magical, but…]

Emilia: [Then are these no good?]

Cecilus: [No, it’s not like I told anyone about this rule , so I’ll just change it in secret! In this scene, it’d be flashier to swing a weapon against a Dragon!]

While saying that, Cecilus stretched his small body’s arms as far as he could and pulled out the two swords of frost on either side. As soon as he did so, Emilia realized her mistake with an “Ah”.

The ice sword had been created by Emilia. Therefore, Emilia would not feel the cold, but it might be too cold for Cecilus, who had not created them.

Emilia: [Come to think of it, Priscilla never said it was cold either, but…]

Cecilus: [Rest assured. I can make up for this inconvenience with the Flow Method, so both myself and the people in the Battalion are fine. Well, I tend to get out of my flow when the Boss and the others are involved, but it’s a fact that I’m especially special for handling it naturally!]

Emilia: [ Speshul …]

As unfamiliar words were let out one after another, Emilia could not help but ponder.

This abnormal sensation reminded Emilia of talking to Subaru―― after thinking it over, she came to realized, with a “Maybe?”.

Emilia: [Hey, Cecilus! Did you learn those words from Subaru?]

Cecilus: [Subaru-san, is it? Nope, sorry, but you’re mistaken. It was the Boss who taught me these words, but his name isn’t Subaru-san.]

Emilia: [I see, my bad… Looks like I jumped to conclusions.]

Due to her hastiness, Emilia was left disheartened by Cecilus’s answer. However, not wanting to be discouraged, Emilia quickly slapped herself on the cheeks to cheer herself up.

Then, like Cecilus, she picked up an ice armament, a spear, herself, and spoke,

Emilia: [I pulled myself together… Let’s fight Mezoreia together!]

Cecilus: [That’s a really nice change of heart. Come to think of it, I haven’t even heard your name yet.]

Emilia: [Me? I am Emilia… No, I mean Emily! Emily!]

Cecilus: [I see you have your reasons! But I think it’s best if I refrain from saying anything thoughtless here, so I’ll do you a favor and leave it at that, Emily-san. This might be sudden, but I’d like to request something from you in return.]

Emilia: [A favor? From me?]

Cecilus: [Yes. ――While you’re dealing with that Dragon, could I ask you to move that thing out of the way?]

After she gave him her name, Cecilus asked Emilia for a favor in a hushed voice. Having said that, he pointed to the ground a short distance away from the spot upon which Mezoreia had fallen onto the ground.

Seeing what Cecilus’s finger was pointing to, atop the snowy soil, Emilia’s eyes widened with an “Ah”.

And then――,

Cecilus: [Then please do that, Emily-san. I’ll do my job… and how about I do it so flamboyantly, that only the star actor of this world could manage it!?]

After saying this, Cecilus kicked off the ground without waiting for Emilia’s reply.

The snow scattered, and Cecilus’s body, gripping two swords of frost, ran straight for the dragon. Mezoreia instantly sensed the danger of the small threat rushing towards itself on its scales.

Mezoreia: [Don’t friggin’ push your luck――!]

A shudderingly enraged roar was raised, and Mezoreia clawed at the block of ice that was about to crush its torso. In an instant, the gigantic mass of ice, as large as a small mountain, unable to withstand the claw strike for even a second, fissured, the cracks running through its entirety with tremendous velocity, then, it shattered all at once.

Once the weight of the ice block was gone, Mezoreia immediately rolled over to face the ground, ready to unleash an attack on the leaping Cecilus――,

Emilia: [Hiyah!!]

Emilia threw the spear she brandished at Mezoreia, which struck it squarely on the nose.

The sharp tip of the ice spear did not bury a sliver of its tip into Mezoreia’s scales, but the force of its impact had been enough to snap the Dragon’s head away as to delay its attack on Cecilus.

Then, Cecilus dove in, his velocity nearly matching that of the thrown spear.

Cecilus: [No blinking allowed, or you’ll go without offering well-deserved applause!]

While weaving eloquent prose, Cecilus’s twin blades of frost shot out with white light.

With a light sound, its scales were penetrated, and the Cloud Dragon was flicked to the left and to the right. Due to the sword dance, it was deprived of its vision, it was deprived of its freedom, it was deprived of any opportunity to counterattack.

Despite being a wee one still, Cecilus’s skills were absurd.

Both in terms of handling her body and weapons, Emilia had believed herself to have become quite respectable, but this was a dimension to which she could not compare herself to. Perhaps he even had the potential to become as absurdly strong as Reid, whom she had happened to meet at Pleiades Watchtower.

Emilia: [But please, don’t become a meanie like Reid.]

Setting aside his ability with the sword, Reid possessed a terribly nasty personality, so she hoped that Cecilus would not turn out that way.

With that wish in mind, taking a sidelong glance at Cecilus, who was attracting Mezoreia’s attention, Emilia rushed to a point a short distance away from the battle.

The favor Cecilus had asked of Emilia earlier was quickly drawing near.

Emilia rushed to the destination, and there she found――,

Emilia: [――Madelyn! This is no time to sleep! Wake up, convince Mezoreia!]

Emilia held up Madelyn Eschart’s motionless body, which was buried in the snow, and desperately called out to her.

--- Chapter 105: Bastions in Chaos (Part Two) ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and proofreaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Pressing his fists to the ground, he stood up by overexerting his shaking knees.

The force of the heavy blows had reverberated to his very core, his internal organs, which seemed like they had been scrambled, bellowed.

Lacerations and bruises could be reliably healed by simply sucking up the power of the earth via the soles of his feet. However, the techniques used by his opponent, their nature unknown, would overcome any crude protection of the sort.

His attitude abhorrent, his character loathsome, his enemy was one of the strongest in the Empire.

His techniques, perfected through training that transcended human understanding, toyed with the foolhardy Garfiel around without relent.

However, lack of experience or age was no reason for him to cower.

Garfiel, who was incapable of anything dexterous, required victory, simple as that. Any other answer could not be chosen, and above all――,

Garfiel: [As if my amazin’ self could just keep on cowerin’ right next to ya.]

Gritting his teeth, Garfiel looked up and let out a guttural groan from his throat.

His gaze remained fixed directly towards his front, though his attention was set not on the one that was, without doubt, his enemy, but on the man standing beside him, his personal enemy.

???: [Oh dear. Your unrelenting spirit is a virtue, but isn’t it more reasonable in this situation to direct it at the old man over there, rather than at me?]

Garfiel: [That’s just “Kagricon puttin’ things aside”. You’re the one blabbin’ nonsense. Ya did it long before he did.]

???: [That was about a year and a half ago now… Excluding the things you’re already aware of, I do think that it’s not that unforgivable.]

Shrugging his thin shoulders, the man―― Roswaal responded curtly.

Without his makeup and clown costume in order to conceal his true identity, he retained the aura of a proper nobleman.

It was a masterful disguise that did not let show just how twisted he was at his core.

Without the advice of the detestable Roswaal, Garfiel’s life would have been in peril, that much was true.

And because Garfiel was aware of this, a feverish anger rose from the pit of his stomach.

On the other hand――,

???: [――I’m a tad confused ’bout ya sayin’ you’ve been in a fight with shinobi before.]

The one to mutter so was an old man of diminutive stature, a man who could easily have been mistaken for a dwarf.

Waving the sleeve of his right arm that was missing below the wrist, he donned an expression that made him look like a good-natured old man, yet it was completely unfathomable how terrifying this old man actually was.

Garfiel was painfully aware that it was also part of the shinobi’s techniques.

Everything about him, his gestures, words, actions, even his feeble appearance, were all tools to bring nothing but death to his opponents―― Shinobi utilized their entire being as a deadly weapon to finish off their targets.

The shinobi head honcho, the monstruous old man was staring at Garfiel and the other man―― or rather, he was staring just at Roswaal. He was not accusing him for rudely intruding into a one-on-one fight, but he was concerned about something else.

――Concerned that he had fought a shinobi before, and the boastfulness of that statement of his.

???: [The basic rule of fightin’ a shinobi’s ta lose yer life. In the case the shinobi’s killed durin’ their attempt, the village’s notified, and the next one’s dispatched, and this happens ’til the other person croaks. So, how’re ya still alive?]

Roswaal: [It’s a little complicated in that regard. Apparently, the shinobi I encountered also had their own circumstances. I don’t know if that’s the right word, but they were runaways.]

???: [Runaway shinobi…]

Stroking his long white eyebrows with his fingers, Olbart whispered.

Even Garfiel had not comprehended the words Roswaal had uttered. The existence of shinobi was merely a slightly credible rumor to begin with, but even then, their actual existence was dubious.

Naturally, no one knew the true situation. He had never even heard of the term “runaway shinobi” before.

Olbart: [Shinobi who’ve escaped from the village, that couldn’t have happened in quite a while now?]

However, instead of denying those words unfamiliar to Garfiel’s ears, Olbart was nothing but frank about their content.

It sounded as if he was aware of the situation concerning the village, those shinobi, as well as everything else; the statement probably was true. He grasped what was in his hands, not out of obligation, but as a way of life.

That was the secret for success in life, of the shinobi named Olbart Dunkelkenn――.

Roswaal: [I don’t know how long a while is for you, so it may be more or less than a while. At any rate, I met those shinobi almost forty years ago.]

Olbart: [Huh?]

Roswaal answered with a shrug of his shoulders, to which the Vicious Old Man, Olbart, raised a voice of doubt.

A similar doubt emerged within Garfiel. Rather, it was more likely that everything Roswaal had stated thus far had just a casual utterance, hence he admired the nerve of the man.

Although he had never bothered to ask Roswaal’s age, he was at most around thirty-years-old―― he was unlike Emilia or Beatrice. He had not even been born forty years ago.

And with this ridiculous, spurious trickery targeted at Olbart――,

Olbart: [――Shasuke and Raizo, right? Those are the runaway shinobi you’re talkin’ ’bout.]

Roswaal: [Ho.]

Olbart: [They left the village forty or fifty years ago, and the only ones who’re still alive are their brothers. The others’ve been killed off, so there ain’t any other candidates.]

Garfiel dismissed that affair as a joke, yet Olbart played along even more tenaciously. Next to Garfiel staring in bewilderment, Roswaal batted one eye shut.

Looking back at Olbart with his eerie yellow eye, he spoke,

Roswaal: [Well, do I really have the obligation to answer whether you’re right or not?]

Olbart: [Nah. It’s also valid ta hold yer opponent in suspense when a fight ta kill’s on a knife’s edge… Ya might have talent as a shinobi.]

Roswaal: [I appreciate the compliment, but I decline. The talent I desire and the path I want to walk have been decided long before forty years ago.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! I see, I see. ――Well then, it can’t be helped.]

Roswaal, shaking his head, ignored Olbart’s praise.

Olbart laughed without paying heed to that, and immediately afterwards his figure became hazy. In the blink of an eye, the distance between the two vanished. With a leap, the eerie old man’s foot was slammed on his target’s neck.

And that――,

Garfiel: [Hk!]

Feeling a gentle breeze on his neck, Garfiel held his breath.

A deadly shockwave scattered where the nape of his neck had been, barely scraping his skin. Olbart’s kick had been unleashed, only to be stopped just in time.

Roswaal: [After that conversation just now, you aim not for me, but him.]

Olbart: [Diminish yer enemies. Easiest ones first. Pretty textbook, ain’t it?]

With strength and proficiency one would not expect from such a small stature, even Garfiel’s well-trained neck would not be able to take a direct hit from Olbart’s kick and remain unscathed.

What had stopped that reckless clash from becoming a reality was a distinctively shaped dagger cutting between Garfiel’s neck and Olbart’s kicking foot―― Rather than having blades, however, the weapon possessed parts to strike with.

Called a sai , it was an obscure weapon often employed in the western country of Kararagi, and even Garfiel was now seeing it for the first time. [1]

That, had just saved Garfiel’s life.

The owner of the sai was Roswaal, adding the humiliating fact that he had saved Garfiel for the second consecutive time.

Garfiel: [OHHHHHHH!]

The moment he was set ablaze by this humiliation, Garfiel’s right arm launched up, killing the wind.

Naturally, the target was the old man, who remained suspended in midair with his kicking leg as his pivot. Since he had no way to escape in midair, he would smash through his torso, thus rendering him unable to fight.

Olbart: [Whoa there.]

However, just before that powerful arm struck him, Olbart ducked with an unusually adroit movement of his body, leaping down and to the side, with only his toe hooked in Roswaal’s sai .

Evading the unleashed fist by diving under it, Olbart pulled out of range in a crawling position. Immediately, Garfiel stepped in for a follow-up――

Roswaal: [How about we calm down for a bit?]

Garfiel: [Gah!]

As he planned to rush in, his body was pulled backward at the waist, knocking the wind off his sails.

Looking at it, Garfiel came to notice that Roswaal had hooked the tip of his sai onto the clothes at his waist. The former wondered what in the world Roswaal was trying to pull, but he figured out the man’s intent the moment he attempted to snap at him.

Because a rotating black blade grazed Garfiel’s nose as it came flying by.

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

Roswaal: [The moment you two came apart, he threw a flying blade at your blind spot with his hand behind his back. Putting the spin on it is just a petty trick, but shinobi have a whole treasure trove of that. Not to mention, our opponent’s at the top of their class.]

Olbart: [If ya think somethin’ so pompous as being on top of a small hill, people’ll point ‘n laugh at’cha. Being at the top of the shinobi ain’t somethin’ ta brag ’bout.]

Unconcerned with his attack having missed, Olbart closed one eye and looked at them vigilantly.

Garfiel once again bit his teeth in humiliation at this exchange between the two, of which he had been left out of. Roswaal had saved his life not once, nor twice, but thrice already.

In the fight against Kafma, he had felt on his body that he had overcome one singular wall.

And in spite of that, he was incapable of doing a single thing against these people who were making a mockery of his fight with Kafma. This was a disgrace to Garfiel himself, and to Kafma who had lost to him, but――.

Roswaal: [――Garfiel, do not misjudge his type of strength.]

Garfiel: [Ahn…?]

Roswaal: [You’re strong. So, your opponent tries to avoid meeting you in your domain. Once you see through his wiles, most of the weakness you harbor should disappear.]

Roswaal pulled out another sai as he said this to Garfiel, who was clenching his fists.

With short-strike weapons in both hands, Roswaal was no longer the Head Magician of the Court that Garfiel knew, but rather he was attempting to maintain the appearance of a mere warrior.

There was a moment of confusion, but after a pause Garfiel understood his intention.

Roswaal had to abide by the restriction of not being able to use magic in this situation.

If Roswaal were to use magic, his true identity could be exposed. If that were to happen, this civil war within the Empire could unfold into a war between the Kingdom and the Empire.

Thus――,

Roswaal: [All I can do, is provide cover… You’re the key to this battle against this General First-Class of the Empire, Garfiel.]

Garfiel: [――――]

Roswaal: [It’s true that we have bad chemistry. You’re straightforward and honest, after all. That being the case, I’ll find a workaround for the deficiency that creates. So, I have…]

Garfiel: [――A nasty personality.]

Roswaal smiled wryly at Garfiel, who had taken from the former’s words and continued them.

Roswaal: [Yes, I have a nasty personality. Quite reliable, isn’t it?]

Garfiel: [Pah! Quit talkin’!]

With this response to the winking Roswaal, Garfiel wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.

He wiped the blood off that was still flowing from the beatings he had been on the receiving end of previously, and exhaled deeply. From the rumbling sky came the feeling of scorching heat and extreme cold, each no less threatening than the other.

Just the thought of those tingling sensations being directed at his comrades was enough to numb his entire body.

However――,

Garfiel: [That’s only for now.]

If he did not focus on the enemy in front of himself, there would not be a next time, nor would there be a time after next time.

Olbart: [Now that it’s two-on-one, it’s gettin’ annoyin’.]

Garfiel took a deep breath, and Olbart sighed at the situation. And at the old man’s words, Garfiel frowned with an “Oh?”.

What’s so strange ’bout it? It may be annoyin’ to him, but it’s been two-on-one since Roswaal showed up.

Garfiel: [Ya got just two opponents, so there’s no point in complainin’ ’bout it now bein’ two-on-one.]

In response to the doubt Garfiel harbored, Olbart bent his neck.

The monstruous old man grabbed his long white eyebrows with his index and thumb, and then declared,

Olbart: [It’s only two-on-one if the two are cooperatin’… What was just a couple of cheeky young’uns ’til now’s started bein’ a pain in the rump.]

Garfiel: [Then, how ’bout ya surrender, since you’re at a disadvantage?]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Both fleein’ from the enemy and abandonin’ the battle are the worst kinda disgrace, worse than dyin’ a dog’s death. In addition, well…]

Garfiel: [In addition?]

Flicking one of the eyebrows he was pinching, Olbart flashed his teeth.

Contrary to his smile, the small old man overflowed with a tremendous amount of fighting spirit, and then,

Olbart: [――Even this bein’ a two-on-one ain’t a reason ta give up, for me.]

Instantly, the old man’s smile faded, his figure evaporating from view once more.

When it came to the Vicious Old Man, left and right were not the only options, the sky and the underground were as well. Garfiel’s nerves were on edge, due to the prospect of those possibilities――,

Roswaal: [――The inseam.]

Prompted by the voice he heard, Garfiel pulled back half a step.

A moment later, his eyes met those of the old man, rising up from under the earth,

Garfiel: [ORAAAAAAA!!]

A blow with his all was swung downwards, as Olbart jumped up to his knees.

Garfiel’s fists slammed into the old man’s knees, which were like withered branches.

Shockwaves rippled through the ground, causing it to crack, terrific destruction spreading.

With that first direct hit, a battle to the death with the shinobi had begun, in the truest sense.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The hero arriving late.

Although a cliché of that sort did exist, Subaru was not too fond of it.

Strictly speaking, it was correct to say that he had come to think “Don’t screw with me” in the process of all the many events he had experienced in this other world he had been transported to.

Subaru: [If this were a game , a manga, or within a story, that would’ve perhaps been fine.]

Events in a fictional world needed developments of the sort, to liven things up.

However, for Subaru, who actually did live within this turbulent world, the sooner a hero, a heroic figure, a person with abilities beyond human understanding appeared on the scene to resolve a conflict, the better.

It was best to have the hero show up as quickly as possible, so that he would swiftly solve the root of the problem.

If people were to say something along the lines of the story not being interesting, that was fine, as it was not a story. Discussing whether it was fun or not could only be done when having th e presence of mind to do so.

Subaru: [And yet, it’s pathetic that we’re the last to arrive!]

Swaying on the back of a Galewind Horse of bright red coloration, Subaru looked to the front in regret.

This battle all around the Imperial Capital would decide the fate of the Empire. It was hard to say who he ought to complain to, but for now, Subaru seethed with rage at himself for being a slowpoke.

Even though he thought about how much he hated it, he ended up turning out the same as a hero who arrived late.

After all――,

Subaru: [Isn’t this exactly like those heroes with a tendency for being late, being the ones most eager to achieve the best possible outcome in a fight!?]

The reason why late-arriving heroes put in so much work was surely because the heroes themselves were extremely regretful for being late.

The hero was painfully aware that his friends, the people he had to protect, or someone he did not want to lose, had been through hard and painful times in the meanwhile. That was why.

For the first time, Subaru learned the justification for the heroes’ struggles, which stemmed from not being able to make it to the battlefield in time from the beginning. ――They too, had blamed themselves.

Subaru: [Let’s do this, Beatrice!]

Beatrice: [El Shamak!]

With this understanding, the shadow magic of the little girl clinging onto Subaru’s chest was unleashed―― black clouds appeared out of thin air, one after another, shrouding the heads of the Imperial Soldiers just lined up in a row.

Depriving people of their vision to diminish their fighting strength―― was not the case here. The soldiers with these shrouded heads were not being robbed of their sight, but rather, of their fighting strength itself.

Pleiades Battalion: [OOOHH, RAAAH――!!]

The line of Imperial Soldiers with shrouded heads being frozen in place had been crushed by the first attack of the Pleiades Battalion, which had come rushing in with their outlandish fighting style.

Rendering them powerless in order to take away their weapons and armor, as well as breaking any of their limbs so that they could be left behind, had been the fundamental tactic of the Battalion, reflecting the fighting style and intentions of their boss, Subaru.

It was not like he was hell-bent on not killing anyone.

Still, he had opted for a method that would result in as few human deaths as possible. Doing so was the best for Natsuki Subaru’s peace of mind, and at the same time――,

Subaru: [――I hate the Vollachian Empire.]

It was his revenge; revenge against the Empire that forced people to fight and kill each other, just in order to be a warrior.

???: [Schwartz, we are approaching the city walls. We need to decide whether to continue into the Imperial Capital, or to head to the other bastions to provide support.]

The ground quaking, was due to Gustav Morello going on a rampage, with his extraordinarily gigantic build.

Having been appointed as the Governor of the Gladiator Island, he was the indispensable brain of the Pleiades Battalion, displaying tremendous combat power as he brandished his four thick, strong arms, keeping the approaching Imperial Soldiers at bay.

While Gustav’s powerful upper limbs struck soldiers, sending them flying over his head effortlessly, Subaru saw the walls looming before him―― the walls of the fourth bastion of the star-shaped ramparts that surrounded the city.

Conquering each bastion was the condition for gaining the upper hand in this siege.

Subaru: [What do you think, Gustav-san!? How are we supposed to attack!?]

Gustav: [It is not for I, in my capacity, to decide. I shall just present the possible advantages and disadvantages. ――If we enter the Imperial Capital and reach the Crystal Palace, we can accelerate the conclusion of the battle. If we go to the other bastions to provide support, we can reduce the casualties on both sides with the help of our main force. That is all.]

Subaru: [How troubling! How troubling, but…]

While Gustav was dependable in keeping his cool even in the midst of a fight, Subaru did regard his personality as horrible, since Gustav never helped him make decisions in these situations.

Yet, though he would present Subaru the possibilities, he would never force him to choose.

It was precisely because Gustav abided by that tenet that the Pleiades Battalion had remained united until now, rather than collapsing.

If there was one more reason for Gustav’s attitude, and for the Battalion to be this united――,

Subaru: [Gustav-san! Take the flagbearer Hiain and half of everyone to support the other battles! Weitz! Take the other half and hold this position! I’ll leave it to you!]

As Subaru had been entrusted with making the decisions on the spot, he had to exercise it properly.

Gustav: [――I, as the official, acknowledge those orders.]

Hiain: [I’m on it, bro! We’re all in this boat together!]

Weitz: [Of course we’re in the same boat, lizard…! Since it’s your request, I’m gonna listen…]

Hearing Subaru’s decision, everyone who had been called upon replied, one after the other.

He had made the extravagant decision to take both of the options presented by Gustav. Even so, that would have to be done by dividing the forces to each battlefield, but――,

Subaru: [――If it’s us, then we can do it!]

One could easily see how the enthusiasm of the members of the squadron heightened further at Subaru’s declaration.

And that was precisely why they were comrades with whom he had fought together ever since that hellish island, making their way over here.

Idra: [Schwartz, what should we do!?]

Subaru: [It’s a no-brainer! We’re going to make a grand entry through the wall!]

Idra questioned him, as he held the reins of the Galewind Horse, galloping along with Subaru.

Subaru answered the obvious question cheerfully, as he pointed to the ramparts in front of him. Then, with his eyes fixed on the imposing wall, he opened his mouth and declared,

Subaru: [Destroy it, Tanza! I’m counting on you!]

Tanza: [――Schwartz-sama, you sure are a smooth talker.]

Receiving Subaru’s shout of encouragement, a small shadow agilely jumped out from right beside him.

Lifting the hem of her kimono , and kicking off the ground in a dash as she headed to the ramparts, was Tanza. She had ended up working with Subaru through a strange quirk of fate, and was an indispensable member of the Pleiades Battalion.

To be precise, the reason for that was―― because she was the strongest attacker in the Pleiades Battalion.

Tanza: [――Haa!!]

Flying like a bullet, Tanza spun in midair, and following that the geta she wore on her feet pierced the ramparts.

One moment later, the robust rampart had been shattered, Tanza’s figure running through it. The shockwave created a crack in the fourth bastion of the city walls, fissures spreading across its entirety.

Subaru: [GogogogoGOOOO――!!]

Everyone: [OHHHH――!!]

Then, with Subaru’s order, the Pleiades Battalion crashed right where Tanza had struck the first blow, with its full momentum.

It no longer was an attack by an individual member of the Battalion, but a blow from the individual living entity that was the Pleiades Battalion. An attack that even the walls of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, boasted for their robustness, were unable to resist even briefly.

Subaru: [――――]

There was a thunderous roar, a terrific plume of dust enveloped them, and then, the ramparts were opened via brute force.

Seeing this overwhelming spectacle, Subaru performed a fist pump, while Beatrice in his arms opened her round eyes wide.

Beatrice: [For that wall to be so easily… That’s too absurd, I suppose…]

Tanza: [――That is the Pleiades Battalion.]

Descending from amidst the dust as to respond to Beatrice’s horrified mutter, came Tanza.

Dusting off her kimono , she was the sort of girl whose facial expression would barely ever stir; however, on this occasion, she seemed to be just a little proud of herself.

Even though she did not show much camaraderie, she had recognized herself as a member of the Pleiades Battalion. Otherwise, she would not have been affected by the “Power of Unity”.

However, Beatrice did not seem to like Tanza’s attitude.

Beatrice: [You have an impudent expression on your face, in fact…!]

Tanza: [Even if you call it impudent, this is the face I was born with.]

Beatrice: [Facial expressions are different, I suppose! They can be changed, in fact.]

Louis: [Uhh! Ahh, uhh!]

Looking down at the clearly aloof Tanza, Beatrice, who was on horseback, had her face flush. Then, as if taking Beatrice’s side, Louis, who had been clinging to Subaru’s back, also began to make a fuss.

To the frenzied girls, Subaru raised his voice with a “Waitwait, calm down!”, before continuing,

Subaru: [Don’t fight! We’re a team ! Comrades! A Unit!]

Beatrice: [ Younit …?]

Tanza: [Understood, Schwartz-sama.]

Beatrice: [Grrrrr, I suppose.]

Beatrice cocked her head in confusion at the unfamiliar echo, whereas Tanza bowed, as it was a familiar one.

Knowledge of Gladiator Island was the difference between those reactions, but Subaru’s lips curved as the atmosphere seemed to become more and more like a spark for Beatrice’s anger.

However, rather than Subaru moving to mediate there――,

???: [Damn you, prepare yourselves――!]

Subaru: [Eh?]

A lone Imperial Soldier, creeping up amidst the dust created by the collapsed walls, raised his sword, training it on Subaru riding atop horseback.

Even if it was hard to believe, to this enemy soldier before them it was clear that Subaru was the leader of this group. It was the way of the Empire to not underestimate children, even if they did not know any better.

Therefore, the soldier’s sword veered not from its aim, and was driven into Subaru――,

Louis: [Uau!]

In an instant, the force hugging Subaru from behind became stronger, and his vision changed in a flash.

What had occurred was plain and simple, in the blink of an eye, the Galewind Horse had moved―― No, it had teleported away from the spot it had been standing just before.

Idra: [W-what…? Uurf…]

The sudden teleportation caused Idra, the holder of the reins, to swoon, involuntarily coming to vomit, his internal organs upset. Subaru also felt like his body remembered this sensation, that of the unusual power Louis at his back possessed.

Then――,

Beatrice: [Shamak.]

Imperial Soldier: [Wha-!? Ku… Guah!?]

With a brief chant from Beatrice the Imperial Soldier was covered by a cloud, and a fluid kick from Tanza swept the legs of the stunned Imperial Soldier in splendid fashion, knocking them down onto the ground, lost of consciousness.

After this momentary display of teamwork, the two who achieved it exchanged glances from on and off the horse,

Tanza: [Excellent work.]

Beatrice: [You too, your moves weren’t bad, in fact.]

Thus, the tense atmosphere that had prevailed earlier completely changed, as they acknowledged each other.

Subaru: [Well, it’s good to see you little girls warming up to each other… By the way, Louis! Don’t do that so suddenly, you’ve turned Idra’s stomach inside out! Even though it helped a lot!]

Louis: [Ahhh, uh!]

Subaru: [Hmmm, good answer! Idra, take a deep breath! This is the first time that happens but maybe not the last.]

Idra: [I-I’ll try my best…]

With the power of Louis’s teleport, at least one unforeseen accident had been averted.

If push came to shove, Subaru would not hesitate to make use of it, no matter how much Idra would be about to throw up.

Subaru: [Not like I could handle two or three in a row to begin with… Gustav-san! Hiain! Weitz!]

At the call of the reinvigorated Subaru, the faces in front of the collapsed wall looked back at him. One-by-one, they looked into the eyes of that familiar face with a firm gaze.

Subaru: [I’m counting on all of you!]

Gustav: [I will, in my capacity, fulfill my duties. You ought to do likewise.]

Hiain: [Let’s get it! Time for the triumphant return of the Pleiades Battalion in its full and imposing force!]

Weitz: [Schwartz, we’ll defend this place to the last… Go take that throne…!]

Gustav’s group headed off to another battlefield, Weitz’s group stopped to defend the collapsed walls; and as Subaru left his dependable men to their respective posts, he poked Idra in the chest with the back of his head.

As he got headbutted, Idra looked like he was holding Subaru in his arms as he rode the Galewind Horse,

Idra: [Well, we got in. Looks like we’re the first ones.]

Laughing bravely, Idra rode the Galewind Horse over the wreckage of the city walls and into the inner city. While swaying to and fro’ on the same horse, Subaru also entered the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

The cityscape of the Imperial Capital hidden within the high walls could not be seen in its entirety from the outside, but it was a methodical, orderly, and disciplined arrangement of buildings.

Subaru: [The city’s representative must be a nervous wreck to build it like this.]

If the person in question had been listening, they might have argued how impossible it was for them to be responsible for adding on to a city that was built hundreds of years ago.

So, having stated this one-sided impression, the Pleiades Battalion surged into the Imperial Capital.

Their goal was――,

Beatrice: [Subaru! What should we do, I suppose!?]

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, what shall we do?]

Louis: [Uau! Au, aa, uhh!?]

Subaru: [Of course, it’s obvious! Head straight to the Crystal Palace of the Imperial Capital! Let’s rub this warm welcome straight into the pompous face of His Excellency the Emperor!]

Subaru, having been asked this question by all the girls at once, responded to them collectively.

Beatrice, Tanza, and even Louis all nodded in reply to Subaru’s answer, but only Idra, who was forced to be close to all of them, muttered quietly,

Idra: [On the battlefield with four children in tow… I guess I didn’t have the talent of a warrior after all.]

Indeed, that was a fitting thought for a miller.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And, concurrent with the Pleiades Battalion led by Natsuki Subaru breaching the city walls, being the first to finally enter the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

???: [Surely, I had not expected you to be so dogged.]

Groups of rebels were besieging the Imperial Capital in their plans to overthrow the very foundations of the Empire ― ― And the fixed destination for all of them, expending their lives for the sake of reaching it, was the Crystal Palace.

The throne room was located in the most elevated, most prestigious room in the castle. With the national banner of a wolf pierced by swords hoisted on the wall behind it, and a blood-red carpet laid out before it, present there was the throne upon which all the authority of this Empire was concentrated; and upon it, the Emperor sat.

Young, intelligent, and as ruthlessly beautiful as a finely sharpened blade, the Emperor did not change his complexion even as the masses came flocking in, their swords pointed at his throat.

Despite what he himself had stated, the situation nevertheless surpassed his expectations.

Even though――,

???: [Out of the countless threads you have laid out, up to which layer were you referring by that?]

???: [――――]

As this was the throne room, those words were too irreverent to be uttered to the Emperor who was seated on his throne.

However, there was neither a loyal retainer to condemn that insolent man, nor were there any soldiers to behead him, and the room echoed with the sound of the intruder’s presumptuous footsteps on the carpet.

There was also another inscrutable thing, within the vacant throne room.

Supposing others were present in the room, they would have frowned upon this fact. ――Or perhaps, they could not even have frowned.

Because in order to recognize that fact, one would need to have sufficient reason to break through the cognitive block.

A gift had once been presented to an ancient Emperor, by a tribe he had shared a friendship with.

A mask that took after the Oni Clan, a clan created for the sake of killing the most terrifying existences in the world, making those gazing upon it to avert their eyes in fear of what laid on the other side of the mask.

Therefore, it was not easy to recognize that the tone of voice of the person wearing the oni mask was exactly the same as that of the Emperor.

And so, a presence had made its appearance before the Emperor Vincent Vollachia, bearing the same tone of voice as the Emperor, striding proudly and fearlessly through the throne room as if it were his own.

That presence was――,

Vincent: [Unsurprisingly, you are emotionless to the very core. ――Even when you look up from below at the throne you were ousted from like this.]

Alas, it was the triumphant return of the rightful Emperor, who’d had no recourse but to abandon his throne before.

Translation notes: [1] The sai is a traditional weapon from Japan used for both stabbing and striking foes, with the shape of a sharp metal talon with two shorter prongs to the sides. For more information, see here .

--- Chapter 106: Bastions in Chaos (Part Three) ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This an edited Machine Translation, which has been checked by at least one Japanese-English Human Translator for quality using feedback from the machine translators and proofreaders. This may have a quality dip in accuracy, therefore, if you read this chapter you must take into consideration the tradeoffs between speed and quality.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

When Berstetz Fondalfon made his return to the throne room, noticing something strange, he came to find that the door to the most venerable room in the Crystal Palace was firmly closed.

The word “closed” did not simply refer to the mere opening or closing of the door.

In this case, “closed” literally meant that the door was completely sealed off from the outside world. It was a manifestation of the intention of the master of the Palace, the intention to never let anyone else enter.

However――,

???: [――In this case, I wonder whiiich~ of the two Emperors’ intentions is more appropriate to keep in mind for this, Prime Minister-sama?]

Berstetz came to a stop, narrowing his already thread-like eyes even further to the utmost, due to the clownish manner of the delicate man that was stretching out his arms and standing in front of the closed door.

The man standing there with a faint smile on his face was an exception of some sort, being allowed to enter and leave the Crystal Palace as he pleased because of his Stargazer peculiarity​, making him an unpredictable entity who had obtained the position of being neither friend nor foe.

Berstetz: [Ubilk-dono, regarding the throne room…]

Ubilk: [I’m not gonna leave you high and dry, so I’ll tell you the truth. His Excellency the Emperor is present. Both the real and the fake, so they shooould~ get their face-to-face meeting.]

Berstetz: […Incomprehensible.]

Even though he had an inkling, Berstetz chose to respond like this as he placed his hand on his chin.

Exactly as he had mouthed, it was incomprehensible to him, and there was no doubt that the situation was difficult for him to just accept. At Berstetz’s reaction, Ubilk tilted his head, saying “Incomprehensible?”,

Ubilk: [What’s so hard to accept? Are you wondering how the real Emperor was brought here? If that’s the case, I was guided by the whispers of the stars…]

Berstetz: [Even on the battlefield, you can manage to walk down a path that is free from falling arrows. Even if soldiers are slashing at each other in close quarters, you are able to step through without a splatter of blood reaching you, let alone their sword blows, correct?]

Ubilk: [Yeah, that’s hooow~ it is. But that’s not all.]

With a smirk Ubilk nodded, making no pretense of hiding anything.

As ridiculous as it sounded, Berstetz had been witness to Ubilk’s abnormal abilities with his own eyes.

Ubilk had once leisurely walked through a literal rainstorm of projectiles and a forest of swords without suffering a single scratch. Ubilk claimed to follow the whisperings of the stars, but Berstetz could not determine whether him possessing superhuman fighting skills was true or false.

If one thing could be said for certain, then it was that he was enveloped by a power beyond human understanding, be it the whispering of the stars or Ubilk’s own abilities.

And because he was so useful, neither the real Vincent Vollachia nor the fake Vincent Vollachia had been willing to let go of Ubilk.

Everything was――,

Berstetz: [So that you serve as a guiding light, for the purpose of preventing the Great Disaster.]

Ubilk: [Whaaat’s~ this, wasn’t it due to my own humanity being acknowledged?]

Berstetz: [If anyone was to be called forth to the Crystal Palace because of their humanity, it would be General First-Class Goz. Aside from him, everyone else would be called due to their abilities. I myself am no exception.]

From the perspective of running a nation, personal attachment was nothing more than the sound of insects flying, it ought be ignored.

That was Berstetz’s view, and it was almost certainly the same view held by both Vincent Vollachias.

It was not a question of good and bad, or likes and dislikes, but rather a topic that should be discussed from the perspective of necessity.

In that regard, Berstetz was only a necessary cogwheel at this point. If his position were to become unnecessary or worthless, he would have no qualms about being removed.

Ubilk should not deviate from his required role as well, regardless of his resolve.

Berstetz: [If you were aware of this, you would not have overlooked this plot of mine and His Excellency who sits on the throne now, would you?]

Ubilk: [Could it be that you consider my actions as betrayal? Thaaat’s~ complicated. After all, in order to betray, you gotta be trusted first. Or, do you trust me?]

Berstetz: [No, not at all.]

Ubilk: [That so? It hurts me to have that be said, but…]

Putting his hand on his forehead, Ubilk looked amused as he spoke of how much it had hurt him. Whether this was out of placidity or something else, Berstetz had never witnessed him failing to keep a straight expression.

He had never thought of this as unpleasant before, but at this moment, for the very first time, he considered him an eyesore.

The real Vincent Vollachia, who had been banished from the Crystal Palace, thus relinquishing of his title as Emperor―― he had now been brought through the door, pushed into this decisive scene.

Ubilk: [Allow me to answer one question, Prime Minister-sama… I haven’t changed my standpoint.]

Berstetz: [――What standpoint, exactly?]

Berstetz inquired whether he purported to be a friend or foe. Upon hearing that, Ubilk put his hands together in front of his chest, making a sound that echoed through the air.

Ubilk: [Of course, my standpoint of wishing to avert the Great Disaster and maintain the peace and quiet of the Vollachian Empire.]

Berstetz: [――. For that reason, the confrontation on the other side of this door is necessary?]

Ubilk: [Yes, that’s right, that’s right. Everything I do is for the sake of that. ――The beating of my heart, the breathing that inflates and deflates my lungs, the flow of blood through my body, everything.]

Berstetz: [――――]

Berstetz remained silent in response to Ubilk continuing on, tapping on his own chest.

Ubilk’s unchanging smile, unwavering demeanor, and somewhat devilish gaze seemed to be sane and serious to Berstetz’s eyes.

He could not say for certain whether that sanity and seriousness was a peek into the other side of madness.

Berstetz: [――Your Excellency, what will you do?]

As Ubilk stood guarding the great door and the two Emperors faced each other on the other side of it―― Berstetz muttered to himself, thinking of the person he had banished.

Berstetz did not care if he were to be beheaded, if his soul were to be lit ablaze, if he were subjected to any other kind of brutal execution.

If Vincent Vollachia, one of the wisest Emperors in the history of the Empire, truly wished to be Emperor, so be it.

Therefore――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [A man always quick to act, always light in words. I would not count on something of the ilk of the Stargazer, who placed his faith in the skies above.]

???: [Firstly, I expect no sort of loyalty from that thing. If hierarchy were to be established based on loyalty, Vollachia would not have been preserved as it is till the present day. But then again…]

???: [――――]

???: [Had my ruin come as a result of being unable to question the upsides and downsides of the ambitions you have hidden, then one could easily say it is but natural that the prospect of me stepping through the Palace floor like this would be one so far off in the distance, now would it.]

Treading upon the blood-red carpet, Abel posed a question to the one before his eyes, the former’s gaze fixed on the latter, arms crossed.

There was no room for debate as to whose hand had aided Abel in this instance of arriving here. That man, who read through the peculiarities of that which was outside the norm, pouring heart and soul into realizing the wishes of the Observers, was without peer in regard to the act of treading the outside of the game board.

Much akin to a loose cannon. However, a cannon that could not be divested of its station, unless the conditions were to be met.

Identifying the conditions for forcefully divesting that loose cannon of its post had been a particularly difficult task to the extreme, being that making it stir was a double-edged sword. Yet, he had done it.

The fact that he was now once more setting foot on the throne room from which he had been ousted, was proof of that.

The scheming, the concealment up until this moment, it was no exaggeration to state that it had all been done in order to wrestle back this opportunity.

Abel: [――――]

The face of the man sitting on the throne he had his eyes set on, the one to whom he was about to pose a question, was one Abel had seen many times.

His own face, it was. It went far beyond logic like mere intimate familiarity or whatnot.

It was a visage that to others would appear like that of Vincent Vollachia himself; however, to Abel, who had known the man who had mastered the art of disguising himself with that face for years, it appeared to be a poorly crafted mask.

A mask would remain a mask however, even if poorly crafted.

A mask over one’s face concealed their true visage, accomplishing the role of covering up their real thoughts, making them invisible. Henceforth, Abel posed his questions not with his eyes, but with his words.

And in addition, he posed a straightforward, piercing question, one devoid of any smoke and mirrors.

Abel: [――Have your wishes in ousting me, thus joining Berstetz, come true?]

The query spoken by Abel, had anyone heard it, was one that would surely have caused outrage.

The aftermath of the banishment drama that had begun in a room in the Crystal Palace had already spread throughout the entirety of the Empire. Even now, Imperial Soldiers and rebels were clashing by the walls surrounding the Imperial Capital, their lives continuously being scattered to the wind.

The people living in the Imperial Capital, too, were entrusting their lives to the outcome.

Against this backdrop, Abel’s question was the sort that could not escape being criticized as leisurely.

Still, Abel had voiced so. The rebel, who preferred not wasting a single thing, who had worked out so many wily schemes to get to this point, had voiced so. Because, it was necessary.

To determine what Abel―― Nay, what the real Vincent Vollachia, ought to seek in the forthcoming dialogue with the fake Vincent Vollachia.

Finally, after pausing for a time too long to even be hesitation, yet too short to be dubbed contemplation――,

Vincent: [――No, not yet. I have not yet obtained the result I seek.]

In a voice imitative of the one that had cast the inquiry, thus was the answer from the false Emperor to the true Emperor.

Abel: [――――]

For that reply, Abel likewise needed a moment of time.

He paused for a breath, putting neither hesitation nor contemplation betwixt.

And then――,

Abel: [Have yet to obtain what you seek, is it?]

As that spilled from him, he closed both his eyes. ――Going against the natural habit he had.

Never did Abel close both eyes simultaneously. He was forced to keep one eye open at all times, lest his preparations be too deficient as an Emperor who ruled his Empire lifeless after the blink of an eye.

The point here was not that for Abel, who by product of training and self-awareness was capable of keeping one eye open even when sleeping, his consciousness remaining half-awake, this marked the first time in several years in which darkness came as a result of closing both his eyes.

It was that by doing so, by possessing the very capability of doing so, Abel had made an assertion of his own intents.

In other words,

Abel: [That is deceit.]

From the moment he had set foot into the throne room, no anger, no disappointment had been present within Abel’s voice and gaze both. The same applied even when it came to being before the man who had performed an act of treachery, stabbing him in the back. His steely self-control had allowed him to do so.

Here, Abel’s voice, which had assiduously rejected all emotion, was for the first time laced with a tone.

A tone of disdain which he had stopped concealing, directed towards the person who had disguised himself in his own visage.

Vincent: [――――]

With those words spoken, the false Emperor, warming his throne, kept his silence.

Silent, he kept. Though, it would have been somewhat helpful had his silence been out of trifling pride.

Abel: [Ousting myself from the throne, you removed that damned Goz from the equation as he had gained knowledge of the situation, schemed to anticipate and crush my plans after my escape, and took part in the destruction of the Demon City. The smoldering embers have spread to the entire nation, permitting that the bounds of the Imperial Capital, a place where rebels armed with their designs of insurrection have never been allowed to reach, would at last have their tainted, boorish feet enter it.]

Vincent: [Do you believe it would have not come to pass, had it been yourself on the throne?]

Abel: [To begin with, had I been on the throne, all this now would not have come to fruition. As a result, the conflagration you have brought upon has scorched the Empire. However.]

Thereupon cutting off his sentence, Abel extended his hand towards the oni mask that covered his face.

And then――,

Abel: [――A way to immediately snuff out these flames exists.]

Having spoken so, he ripped off the mask affixed to his face, thus exposing his real face to the outside, within eyesight of the other person.

With his countenance looking down upon him and both of them alike in every way, like two peas in a pod, the two Emperors faced one another. Real and fake, a perfect mirror such that none would be able to detect discrepancies.

Abel: [――――]

He was a wise man. Abel’s actions and words would have conveyed his intentions clearly.

With matters having come this far, he had sufficient understanding of his disadvantageous position, of the difficulty in fulfilling his plan. It was time for the irresistible waves of reason to sweep away the schemes that had been hatched.

If the obstacles they had set their eyes on, if the Great Disaster to be fought against were both the same, that would be only logical.

Henceforth――,

Abel: [I shall――]

He was about to announce his intent to return to the place he was supposed to be.

He would issue a decree difficult to oppose, thus settling the battle initiated by foolish reasons.

And, it happened just prior to that.

Vincent: [――Your Excellency.]

That one expression, cut off the rest of Abel’s words.

It was an expression that ought not be stated, with that appearance, with that voice. Deprecating oneself and putting the one it was directed to at a higher standing, it was a stupid statement from someone who had lost awareness of his own position, which ought not happen.

The moment it was heard, Abel’s words were interrupted for a beat.

Perhaps, that was the second time Abel―― No, Vincent Vollachia, had had his expectations betrayed in the Crystal Palace, a possibly fatal moment.

On the first occasion, he had been ousted from the throne. And now, on this second instance――,

Vincent: [――――]

Slipping into that momentary gap, the false Emperor rose from the throne.

Raising himself from his sitting position, the difference in their heights, which had been only that of one looking down on the other, once more increased for a smidgen. However, that notion vanished in a blink’s worth of time. No more did it matter.

The reason for that being――,

Vincent: [――Your one lapse was in having a bird’s-eye view of the board.]

The figure informing him of this had closed the distance in the time of a sole breath, looming before Abel.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Inside the Crystal Palace in the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, two Emperors, one true and one false, were within breathing range of each other.

At that very moment, various changes occurred simultaneously all over at the places the Imperial Capital was being laid under siege.

Each of them had been caused by different feelings and beliefs, but they all had just one thing in common.

That one thing, was that none of the changes occurring at these places had been desirable.

???: [――El Fula.]

Wielding a wand in their hand, they created a gust of wind in the parched air of the battlefield.

Normally, this magic would focus on slitting the opponent’s throat with precision and minimal effort. However, Ram had realized that this would not be effective against the enemy present upon this battlefield.

Forming a horde, stone golems were standing in her way as if they did not have a life of their own.

They had nothing akin to a self-consciousness, they attacked approaching objects mechanically, and although they were humanoid in shape, they lacked what one would call the vital points of the human body.

Whether their heads were removed, whether their limbs were severed, they attacked their enemies using the remaining parts of their body as weapons.

Therefore, Ram’s signature tactics were ineffective.

But she could not just throw the towel like a genteel damsel who was completely incapable of doing anything on her own.

???: [Let loose ――!]

In response to the glaring Ram who stepped towards the horde, a line of brown-skinned war maidens likewise pressed forward on the front line. The People of Shudraq fearlessly pushed onto the battlefield with their bows poised, their arrows drawn, their shots fired at the encroaching obstacles of stone.

Applying wind to each of their arrows, Ram attempted to rout the problem away by force.

The windborne arrows were vested with speed and rotation, and the moment one struck a stone golem, the arrowhead would emit a burst of wind with penetrating force such that it would pulverize the golem.

The arrow would continue with unrelenting force and pierce right into the stone golems behind it in a chain reaction, causing the same destruction and increasing the damage.

With just a single arrow fired, two to three stone golems would collapse as a result.

In addition to that――,

Ram: [Fula.]

The whispered, delicate chanting would create a wind of a different wavelength compared to the destructive wind, and blow the earth apart almost as if caressing it to scatter the stones it was composed of.

At once, the arrows that had dropped to ground after destroying the stone golems would whirl up, and thus make their return to the hands of the running Shudraqs, just to be nocked and released to then defeat the stone golems again. Again, and again.

Ram: [Fula, El Fula, Fula, El Fula.]

The alternate chanting, the rapid use of the magic in succession was like a delicate motion combining the selfsame system of the magic.

The People of Shudraq, who had nothing but respect and admiration for the Vollachian Empire that had mastered the art of warfare at the expense of developing magic, could not comprehend this extraordinary skill.

It was like she was threading a needle with her eyes closed and her hands tied. Or perhaps, it was a superhuman feat, akin to putting the selfsame thread through countless lumen simultaneously.

Because of the arrival of Ram and her highly effective wind magic on the battlefield, the Shudraq’s breakthrough power had swelled severalfold.

The female warriors, having been left behind due to Zikr Osman’s faith and sentimentality, were using their consequently preserved strength to crush the forces of the nigh-impenetrable third bastion.

???: [ Ahh , how pleasant ! To be able to shock both friend and foe !]

With glossy black daggers gripped in her hands, Mizelda said this as she raced across the battlefield.

Although she boasted a prosthetic leg in place of the one she had lost, her unfaltering gait gave no sense of deficiency. Mizelda overtook the frontline of the battlefield, the place where the arrows of her allies flew towards mercilessly and, swinging her daggers in both hands, she tore apart the stone golems like a storm, opening a hole in their group.

???: [Sister will dodge them on her own ! Don’t stop ! Let Ram’s wind carry our spirit !]

Taritta, herself armed with a bow on hand, fired three shots in the same time the other Shudraqians took to fire one, and with her eyes fixed on the back of her older sister rampaging on the front lines, she made an appeal to her brethren.

In accordance with that, as the arrows of the Shudraqians dealt a crushing blow to the group of stone golems, Zikr and the others who had picked their lives back up after they should have been thrown away, charged in to destroy their battle formation.

???: [Move, move, move! You small fry stone golems, you ain’t gonna take over this battlefield!]

Letting loose a vulgar voice at the head of the group, was a man with an elegant, flowing swordsmanship contrary to his apparent character. Bringing demise to several stone golems with one sweep of his swords, the man with an eyepatch leveled the battlefield in a single move.

If one went by what had been described so far, it was a war situation that could probably be labeled as overwhelming superiority.

However――,

Zikr: [Pull back――!!]

Mounted on the back of a Galewind Horse with a beautiful coat, Zikr shouted, and the group running on the front lines immediately split up. Right after, a “wall” fell from overhead towards the center of that group.

A thunderous roar and violent tremor engulfed the land; without exaggeration, this phenomenon was like fighting a fort itself―― such was the threat posed by Moguro Hagane, who had become one with the city wall, and which would not diminish no matter how many stone golems were chipped away.

Literally, with one swing of Moguro’s arm, their gains in the battle would be nullified in the blink of an eye.

Rather than seesawing evenly, the battle had been unfolding with one step forward, followed by two steps back.

But――,

Ram: [――What?]

Ram, who had been concentrating on advancing forward onto the battlefield, as well as delivering arrows to the Shudraq and having their arrows pierce through the enemy, narrowed her light-crimson eyes and pondered the changes that had taken place.

It was only Ram at first who noticed the signs, but gradually, the change in the battlefield over the third bastion became one noticed by all.

A change, namely――,

Jamal: [――Fuck you! Don’t turn your back on your enemy! Are you even a General First-Class!]

Moguro Hagane, who had become a huge figure of unbelievable proportions, was struck by vulgar swearing hurled towards their back.

Yes, towards their back. ――Moguro Hagane, had taken a giant step towards the Imperial Capital, turning their back on Ram, the Shudraqians, and the throngs of warriors they had encountered on the battlefield.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [It’s no good! She won’t wake up at all!]

Shaking her shoulders, shouting at her, and lightly tapping her cheeks did not awaken the limp dragonkin girl in her arms―― Madelyn Eschart.

Emilia, after retrieving her from the snow, where she lay motionless, was trying her best to make the hectic battlefield a little better, but she was unable to get any results.

Emilia: [Mezoreia is…]

Emilia, her silver hair fluttering in the cold wind, held Madelyn, still locked in a stubborn sleep with her eyes closed; and once she turned around, she came to witness a battle between two extraordinary beings taking place.

On one corner was a Dragon clad in clouds, separated from ordinary creatures by the sheer nature of their very existence.

And, while the blue-haired boy on the other corner would perhaps look and talk like a small child, he was flying around the battlefield with a fighting style that would put any adult or Emilia to shame.

The battle between the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia and Cecilus Segmunt was now a legendary one.

Cecilus: [Shuwa!]

With the soles of his zori on the icy wall without any apparent aid, Cecilus’s body ran through the air at an angle parallel to the ground.

Without anything to hold on to, the human body would normally fall to the ground. Yet, Cecilus ignored such natural principles and made use of the towering ice wall as a foothold from which to approach the Dragon above Emilia’s head.

Taking one last powerful step, Cecilus’s body caught up to Mezoreia with lightning speed.

Mezoreia flapped its wings and tried to keep its distance, but it was at the mercy of his maneuvers, being hit by the slash of an ice sword to its exposed neck without being able to defend itself, once Cecilus had avoided its swinging claws.

Mezoreia: [――GYAHHHHHHH!]

From the Dragon came a cry of anguish that was quite unlike a Dragon, and then came a shrill noise of the ice sword shattering against the Dragon’s neck, conveying its demise through sound to those around in the environs. Was it the robustness of the Cloud Dragon’s scales that had shattered the ice blade, which had been hardened like iron, or was it the speed with which Cecilus had swung the sword that had made it shatter?

In any case, the disintegrated sword of frost had served its purpose, and Cecilus was defenseless in midair――,

Cecilus: [I’m spoiled for choice with this many options to pick and choose from! There are no limits, no petty tricks!]

The voice, its high pitch comparable to the sound of the sword of frost shattering, was an indication of Cecilus’s natural voice and excitement.

Cecilus’s words, spun in a pleasant tone, were followed by a second sound of ice shattering―― no, not a second, but a third and a fourth in succession.

Cecilus: [Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch!]

Not unprotected in midair as one might have thought, Cecilus sprung upwards, without fail.

He pulled out a myriad of weapons of frost created by Emilia―― weapons created via Icicle Line, one after another, which he had shoved into his clothes.

From his back, his waist, and between his thighs, the items Cecilus had picked up while catching up with Mezoreia, who was escaping into the sky, were swung one after another by Cecilus’s hands while in the air, peeling off Mezoreia’s scales.

Swords, axes, spears, and hammers of ice wreaked havoc, and the Cloud Dragon was put on the defensive due to the violent assault. Or perhaps, even that expression was a misnomer seeing as Mezoreia was unable to defend itself.

Emilia: [Wow…]

Her eyes were able to follow him because she was far away in a spot where she would not get caught in the crossfire, but if Cecilus were to move right in front of her, Emilia would probably not be able to follow his afterimage.

Considering that level of surprise, then perhaps Cecilus would be able to defeat Mezoreia even if Madelyn did not wake up.

Though her heart was not in a state that she would not feel frustration at that.

Emilia: [You’re fighting for someone you care about too, aren’t you?]

Emilia lowered the corners of her amethyst eyes at the sight of Madelyn’s unconscious sleeping face.

Madelyn had always been hostile, angry, and unwilling to listen, but Emilia did not know her well enough to dislike her for it.

What she did know, was that the reason she was angry laid in her feelings for someone she cared about, and Mezoreia had come down to help Madelyn in this way.

If Mezoreia were to die while she was asleep, just what would happen to Madelyn’s mind?

Emilia: [Madelyn, wake up! Wake up already!]

They were in the middle of a battle. Moreover, Cecilus had saved Emilia’s life from peril.

It was impossible for her to be so selfish as to ask him to back off or not to kill Mezoreia.

Therefore, that only left Madelyn. Only she could end the battle without Madelyn herself or Mezoreia, who had come to her aid, losing their lives.

Cecilus: [Oh, I see! So the wing’s joint is weak!]

Despite Emilia’s hopes and considerations, the analysis from Cecilus, who had been cheering for battle, proceeded.

Looking back at her memories of fighting Volcanica, at the time Emilia had had no idea of what the weaknesses of the creature known as a Dragon would be, but Cecilus seemed to be different.

The blow of Cecilus’s sword had met the joint of one of the Dragon’s wings as he had stated, while he continued to fight in the air using the Dragon’s body as a foothold, not falling out of the air, and in the meantime, he dodged the attacks from its wings and tail, performed in an attempt to fling him away.

In an instant, the nature of the scream changed, and blue blood dripped onto the snow-white decoration.

It was proof that a slash had skewered the sturdy scales, reaching beyond them.

Cecilus: [If a Dragon were to lose its wings, what would make it different from a ground dragon? Have you had a chance to learn how to fight while on the ground in your long lifetime?]

He was not mocking it, nor was he belittling it.

Cecilus’s tone of voice had remained the same; if anything, he was saying it to hype himself up. But even Emilia was convinced that what he had been saying was about to become a reality.

If Emilia had been convinced, Mezoreia, who was being directly swung at by the sword, ought to have been convinced of it even further.

A Dragon having its wings cut off, thus falling to the ground.

Emilia, who had no wings and was not a Dragon, could not imagine how unbearable that would be. But she could see how it would take away Mezoreia’s chances of winning.

It was hard to believe that Cecilus, who could not be kept up with even in the sky, could be kept up with on the ground.

Mezoreia: [――This dragon is…!!]

A moment later, Mezoreia’s low voice boomed, trying to sweep aside the impending humiliation.

Kicking Mezoreia in the flank, Cecilus leapt up and his slash drew near the root of its wing. Just before it hit, it did a spinning drill and flipped from down facing to upward facing while airborne.

Looking up towards Cecilus aiming for the wing, Mezoreia’s draconic arm reared up in front of the former.

A human body could easily be torn apart if it were hooked in either the claws or the scales.

Even Cecilus, who could move fast, was no exception to this, making Emilia come near to shrieking. But Emilia’s scream was directed not at Cecilus’s death, but at something else.

Cecilus: [Hoowee, that was a close one!]

The swinging arm of the Dragon had certainly caught Cecilus in midair.

However, Cecilus aligned his sole against the Dragon arm striking at him, allowing him to run alongside the arm while it unleashed its ferocious blow.

Launching himself using the tip of the Dragon’s claw as footing, he started running near the Dragon’s elbow.

He had been able to convert a strike that would have blown his body apart upon impact into an opportunity to run and jump out of the way; it was his ridiculous foot speed that had allowed him to escape an otherwise certain death.

Cecilus: [Beauty-san!]

Emilia: [Ah, yes!]

Being called a beauty, Emilia was at loss for any words of modesty in response.

Instinctively sensing why she was being called upon, Emilia leapt away from the tip of the Dragon’s arm, and then cast a new weapon of frost in Cecilus’s vicinity, who had landed on the ice wall.

Cecilus quickly picked it up, turning to Mezoreia, who was about to give chase, and bent his knees in preparation for another leap.

The distance that had opened between them could be closed in the blink of an eye, but in there laid Mezoreia’s chance for victory, as right now no attacks from Cecilus could reach it.

Naturally, Mezoreia would put all its energy into this. ――At least, that was what ought to have happened.

Cecilus: [Hm?]

Getting ready for an immediate attack, Cecilus tilted his head while he crouched down.

Despite his tacit understanding and despite the fact that he was giving up the first move, the expected attack did not arrive.

Emilia seemingly harbored the same doubts as Cecilus. Before she even knew it, Emilia understood that this was the final frontier between over victory or defeat as she was pushed to her limits.

And yet, Mezoreia did not move. On the contrary――,

Mezoreia: [――――]

Immediately before this moment, Mezoreia had tried to swing its Dragon arm to obliterate Cecilus. Having stopped moving in midair, its white eyeballs with pupils and irises black stared at a single point.

At Cecilus, who had tried to put it on the ropes, making it taste humiliation―― that was not so.

Aside from Cecilus, who was posturing on the ice wall, and Emilia, who was cradling Madelyn, there was another presence that Mezoreia could not ignore on this white-dyed battlefield.

Mezoreia, still as if it had been struck dead, raised its gaze even higher into the sky.

It stopped and gazed towards a point in the sky much, much higher than its own.

Emilia: […Is there, something flying?]

Emilia followed Mezoreia’s gaze and focused on the ashen, snow-laden clouds.

Even higher in the sky than where Mezoreia’s huge body floated, there was a shadow of something flying just barely visible to Emilia’s eyesight.

The only options Emilia could consider flying in the sky were the Dragon in front of her, the flying dragons that flew in numbers across the battlefield, or Roswaal getting sidetracked during his travel time.

And――,

Mezoreia: [――It can’t be.]

Mezoreia flapped its wings as it muttered this.

The body of the idling Dragon resumed its movement. However, it was not a move to unleash a decisive attack like it was supposed to do just prior,

Cecilus: [Whaaa!? Heyheyhey, wait, wait, this can’t be happening!?]

As soon as Cecilus observed its movement, his expression trembled with the greatest of shock.

Until then, his expression had seemed to be happy regardless of what was done to him, but now his eyes darted about quickly in bewilderment. That was only natural. At a time he had expected his opponent to rush in, Mezoreia turning its back like that was quite unbelievable.

Mezoreia: [――――]

Not heeding Cecilus’s voice, Mezoreia flapped its wings and tore through the sky.

Once the Dragon had decided to fly and started moving, its speed was extraordinary, turning back and rising into the sky so swiftly, that it was like an arrow being shot with full force.

Cecilus: [You think I’ll let you do that!!]

In order to prevent the airborne Dragon from escaping, Cecilus bent his knees not for a counterattack, but to explosively unleash the strength required from his legs to chase after the flying Dragon.

The small body made an incredible thrust, causing the thick, huge ice wall to fissure and crumble starting from his sole, as Cecilus’s body leapt away.

Flying in a straight line, Cecilus’s figure surpassed the Dragon’s speed, homing in on its wings. He drew closer. Closer, closer, and closer, until――,

Cecilus: [――Ah, damn, looks like I can’t reach.]

No matter how fast Cecilus was on his feet and how far he could leap, he was incapable of erasing the distance to the Dragon which was already in the sky.

Alas, Cecilus’s body could not keep up with Mezoreia, the latter pulling away, and once he hit the apex of his leap, he lost his momentum, dropping back down. Had the Cloud Dragon shifted its aim and gone for Cecilus, even he would perhaps have been in danger.

But Mezoreia did not retaliate. Instead, it rose steadily and ripped through the sky.

And――,

Cecilus: [――It’s heading into the Imperial Capital?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Changes had taken place in multiple places in the siege of the Imperial Capital, amongst them, the developments that had occurred in two places were of particular importance.

At the same time these had transpired outside of the Crystal Palace, within the throne room, two Emperors met face-to-face, their gazes so close together that their eyelashes could have touched those of the other.

Abel: [――――]

The rebel ringleader, Abel, had been a move behind; however, he switched gears on the spot.

He leaned forwards as to play his best move―― or rather, to play the next best move he had, against the person donning a visage identical to his own, who had approached his immediate front before his eyes.

Abel: [――Hk.]

A sharp strike was delivered to his left clavicle, his thoughts soldering red from the severe blow.

Taking a look, he saw that what had struck the base of his neck was being held by the hand of the one right before him, an iron fan―― the preferred weapon of the person wearing the same visage as his own, an object he knew from sight.

Handling that weapon took something special, and he had harbored doubts of just how powerful a thing it was, many times in the past.

Abel: [――――]

The fact that he had attained the answer to his past questions, the pain penetrating his brain, he consciously excised them both from his thoughts.

Picture in your mind the priorities of the present moment and immediately formulate measures to address them. Taking into consideration a combination of feasibility and effectiveness, alongside your injuries, arrange the priorities.

But――,

Vincent: [This is not a board game. This is why you are not worthy of being a warrior, it feeeels.] [1]

Faster than Abel was able to choose from the myriad of options that had emerged within his head, the warrior displayed the techniques that had permeated his body, his veins, rather than his head.

Mercilessly twisting Abel’s arm, he snatched away the thing which was held by the now-weakened limb, and in the moment following that, Abel’s vision was covered in dark for an instant.

Abel: [――――]

Has he crushed my eyes, or have my eyes been blinded in some way?

A moment’s pondering, negated by the fact that his blocked vision returned immediately afterwards. If so, what had been the true meaning behind the other party’s actions? And coincident with those thoughts, he realized.

――That again, his own face was covered with something that felt familiar.

Abel: [You――]

And thus his lips, moving faster than his hands or feet, let out a sound as he glared into the black eyes before him.

With those words from Abel, on whom he had put the oni mask that had previously been snatched away, the false Emperor before him―― No, Chisha Gold, twisted his lips, the lips on a face that was not his own.

Recognizing that upon his own face was an awfully decadent smile, Abel’s eyes widened.

A moment later――,

Abel: [――――]

――A white light came rushing in, piercing a wall of the throne room, and perforated the chest of the one at the apex of the Empire, Vincent Vollachia, from behind. [2]

Translation notes:

[1] Vincent’s speech style here changes somewhat dramatically, switching the way he refers to Abel via a second-person pronoun, from the usual Emperor-ly “貴様” to a more casual (or even disrespectful, considering the context) “あなた”, among other changes. This perhaps serves to indicate that he’s dropping the facade right now, and acting as Chisha Gold rather than a fake of Vincent Vollachia.

[2] A nuance that is a little bit lost in translation, is that “頂点” is here translated as “apex”, in “apex of the Empire”, but it is also the same word used to refer to the bastions of the Imperial Capital’s walls, which is present in the title of the chapter.

--- Chapter 107: Chisha Gold ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

The oni mask did not obscure just how the man’s face stiffened as he was pushed away.

An expression of that sort would easily lend itself to misinterpretations. Despite his cleverness, or perhaps because of it, the Emperor would often abridge his statements, even when unfavorable; and his countenance was no less taciturn than his mouth.

If there was somebody able to seize the truth behind that expression, it was probably himself, who had spent several years at the Emperor’s side.

Chisha: [Or, perhaps――]

Were it the Emperor’s little sister, whom he held sacred in every sense of the word, at this place, would she figure it out as well?

In any case, it was pointless to make comparisons now.

After all, in this minuscule, isolated place in time and space, nobody was present other than himself.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Chesha Trim, would you be willing to die for my sake?]

Upon their first meeting, having disclosed his name, he received a question treating matters of life and death in exchange.

Chesha, fourteen years old at the time, had believed himself to be mature for his age, but meeting that boy, two years younger than himself, forced him to reconsider.

What the youngster before his eyes exhibited was true maturity, whereas his own case was mere conceit.

???: [――――]

Once the question came out, the boy awaited with his black eyes fixed on him.

His hair and irises, both black as if imbued with shadows, were considered uncommon traits, even in a land so rich in racial diversity like the Vollachian Empire. Although Chesha’s eye color differed, he likewise had been born with black hair. For that, he would often become the subject of mockery, so he could sympathize with the boy.

Or maybe not. It felt nothing short of insolent to think that they shared something to sympathize over.

Physical characteristics, however rare they may be, amounted to trifles when compared with what actually made the boy especial. Superficial coincidences aside, the child’s very origins elevated him far from ordinary folks, and that refined, precocious attitude was also a product of his upbringing.

He stood in a unique position, where he must grow this way, lest he would not survive.

To be precise――,

Chesha: [――Prince Vincent Abellux.]

His name was accompanied by a title, his role acquired at birth.

This black-haired youngster, Vincent, was the son of Drizen Vollachia, sovereign of the Vollachian Empire, and therefore one of several children bestowed with the possibility to one day stand at the pinnacle of the Empire.

He had more than twenty siblings possessed of similar qualifications, but that did not devalue his noble blood in the slightest.

Regardless――,

Chesha: [――――]

Chesha reminisced on his course of action heretofore, seeking to solve one doubt: how had he ended up encountering such an outstanding lad, not to mention riding the same carriage as him?

All had begun with a simple act of assistance.

He had come across a stranded carriage, its wheel stuck in a ditch on the highway. Pushing and pulling, many attempts were being made in vain to release it. He approached the scene and freed the lurched carriage from the deep ditch by inserting a board and utilizing it as a lever.

Much to his surprise, that vehicle belonged to the lord of the Abellux Domain, and aboard sat that individual famous for his rise to headship through the Miracle of Abellux, Vincent Abellux himself.

“Miracle of Abellux” was the name given to a rebellion that had begun with a vassal of the House of Abellux betraying their long-lasting patronage by conspiring with another family. But albeit their tactics had been brilliant, they had suffered defeat at the hands of an eleven-year-old commander. In the end, all conspirators had been massacred.

His household’s members and soldiers having given in to distress and disarray, Vincent, whose name remained unsung back then despite his princely status, had devised a plan for them without delay. By exercising his prodigious finesse, he had thus achieved victory.

The vassal behind the rebellion had underestimated Vincent as an enemy, judging him to be an easy prey whom they could behead for a trophy. Those presumptuous delusions had become the cause of their demise.

Facts came to light, as did apocryphal rumors, giving him quite the outrageous reputation.

As a civilian of the Empire, Chesha heard the stories as well, but he had never pondered the odds of getting involved with him―― yet here he was, by a twist of fate, in front of the person dreaded by the public.

And then, that had been cast towards him. ――If he was willing to die for him or not.

Chesha: [――――]

Whatever had he aimed to earn with that inquiry, Chesha could not discern.

In the first place, he had been invited aboard for two reasons: to thank him for releasing the wheel, and to bring him into the mansion.

Of course, Chesha held not the right to decline. No matter how much he resented this, his opinion carried nonexistent weight.

Hence, he had resigned a fraction of his time and stepped into the carriage. Once he had set foot onto the vehicle, Vincent had begun the interrogation.

It was inappropriate to start that interaction with an acquaintance who only helped him resume his journey. But this boy was a prince by birth, thereby accustomed to having people heed his wishes.

Notwithstanding, he bore a relatively recent record of annihilating an entire family and its retainers, out of fury towards the vassal who had committed treachery against him. Nobody would blame a twelve-year-old for developing an extreme distrust of people after an experience of that ilk.

Perhaps his mind would not be at ease unless he managed to confirm everybody’s allegiance, even that of a casual passerby.

The silence had already extended for ten-odd seconds, more than enough for it to turn disrespectful.

The issue at hand concerned a figure not simply superior, but supreme. Still, he understood what answer he ought to give, and what answer the other wanted.

Obviously, the other wished to hear a single phrase, “I would”.

This was a test for Chesha, as a citizen of the Empire. Either he pledged unwavering loyalty and eternal servitude to the prince, or he would incur the forenamed’s wrath, knowing that within him, potentially, lay the seed of a tyrant.

Enduring the improper distance between them, Chesha bowed his head deeply before the possible sovereign――,

Chesha: [――My apologies, but I am afraid I would nooot.]

And so, he spoke the one reply that he should have avoided.

Chesha: [――――]

His head still lowered, Chesha cursed himself for committing such a gaffe on impulse. Moreover, he felt the urge to grab his own head in embarrassment at his lack of self-control.

With his impatient nature as the reason, he had gotten in trouble with a powerful individual and ended up banished from his hometown. Time after time he would tell himself that his behavior could ruin his prospects, yet he had never been able to mend it.

And at last, he had addressed the worst possible answer to the worst possible addressee.

He would soon perish in one of the most stupid ways: falling victim to his own idiocy.

However, he could not act brazen enough as to give the desired answer in the desired manner to a question about death, much less with the overbearing tone in which it was delivered.

If his heart were to shatter, were his pride to be extinguished, then, as far as he was concerned, even if he still breathed, he was dead too.

He did not cherish Vollachia’s praxis, but he was nonetheless a man of the Empire.

Therefore, he held no regrets towards his response.

If anything, he felt sorry for taking his pitiful frustrations out on a boy who had merely sought something that would assuage his own trust issues.

At least, that guilt would disappear once the rageful blade unattached his head from his shoulders――,

Vincent: [Perfect. Maintain that outlook, for you shall be serving me hereafter.]

Chesha: [――. I will?]

Vincent: [Do not end your affirmations in a rising tone. Otherwise, they shall come across as interrogative.]

Chesha: [I did not err, the pronunciation was intentional… So, does this mean you will not execute me?]

Vincent: [Seconds after securing you? That would be senseless.]

Closing one eye, Vincent scowled with a hint of annoyance.

Receiving a meaningless question irritated him, yet he did not protest when denied a vow of loyalty. Chesha found that strange, but he kept his composure and reexamined the situation.

For some reason, Vincent seemed to overlook Chesha’s irreverence.

Far from that, he seemed to consider recruiting Chesha as his retainer.

Chesha: [I apologize, but I cannot wrap my head around this. Is it a hobby of yours to jest with those you intend to kill before taking their lives?]

Vincent: [Do tell, why do you insist that I kill you with such obstinacy? That is far more incomprehensible, I dare say.]

Chesha: [I do not mean to offend, but it is well-known that you do not take kindly to those who oppose you.]

By the time he realized that his comment was again of the undue sort, it had already escaped his mouth.

However, since he had succeeded in committing one transgression, Chesha shifted into a bolder stance, ready to find out how many more he could commit before reaching the threshold, putting his life on the line.

Like whenever he enjoyed a book, cultivated new knowledge, or proved his theories through execution, he was determined to decipher the prince’s unrevealed thoughts.

If he died in consequence, so be it.

While Chesha surrendered almost his whole future to embark on this reckless undertaking, Vincent, now aware of the context, nodded with an “Ah” before continuing,

Vincent: [If you are referring to the latest rebellion, I made an example of that family because it was necessary. You ought to collar any wight who might be aspiring to attempt the same deed. Fear produces the best effects for that.]

Chesha: [And is that also why you had the instigating servant’s advance troops dismembered and put on display on the road?]

Vincent: [If a life must be ended, then you had better exploit it to the utmost first. People should die in an efficient manner.]

So replied Vincent, his chin resting on his hand, as he sat inside the carriage. His austere, realistic perspective left Chesha at a loss for words.

What Chesha had mentioned was the first and main counterattack that Vincent had launched in order to suppress the rebellion―― slaughtering the enemy vanguard, plus the barbarous profanation of their cadavers.

After enduring the anguish of being mangled while alive, their corpses had been lined up within the battlefield. Hearsay had spread that getting caught would result in similar punishment, and thus, the other traitors had chosen to disregard their agreement with the primary conspirator and relegate themselves to the role of spectators.

Alone, bereft of any escape route, said conspirator had gone to confront Vincent, only to end up ensnared in the latter’s sanguinary stratagem. They, alongside their relatives and retainers, had perished savoring the same hell that the other soldiers had.

Naturally, with the emergence of this information, the public had reshaped its notion of Vincent Abellux into that of a brutal, bloodthirsty prince. But――,

Chesha: [――Are those rumors of your own creation, perhaps?]

Vincent: [If my sole presence elicits dread in you, I can at least say that their purpose has not gone unfulfilled.]

Chesha: [Hahaaa, good to hear, I guess…]

More and more did Vincent’s thoughts sound too impressive for ones that had sprung from a twelve-year-old.

On the other hand, although Vincent had pardoned his irreverence, Chesha did not expect to be capable of performing whatever mission Vincent had in store for him.

Vincent: [What exact purpose do I expect from you, you wonder?]

As if he had read Chesha’s mind, Vincent delivered the next question.

It was vaguer than the previous one, and moreover, it required Chesha to unravel the mystery with his own brain. Surely, there was an arduous mission meant for him, but he needed to pinpoint what it entailed.

A very challenging problem, indeed.

Born into the Imperial Family, Vincent was destined to take part in the Empire’s imminent rite sooner or later. What purpose could he find in a mere plebeian like Chesha?

Chesha: [I doubt I can do much more than help you pull a jammed wheel ouuut.]

Vincent: [And that shall benefit me.]

Chesha: [Hoho, I assume you are planning to go get stuck in a ditch quite often from here on out, if you require my strength that much?]

He felt almost inclined to congratulate himself for reaching a new milestone in disrespect with that aggravating quip.

Yet, upon hearing it, no part of Vincent’s countenance twitched.

Vincent: [Correct. The road I am traversing is fraught with ditches, and I cannot avoid all of them. However, I cannot stay in a ditch waiting for the issue to solve itself; otherwise, death shall come for me. And that means, I shall need a method to pull myself out whenever I get stuck.]

Chesha: […Before we continue, are you sure this discussion is still about wheels?]

Vincent: [I have not belied the subject once ever since we began talking.]

The bizarre reply made a chill run down Chesha’s body, not because he felt threatened, but because he finally assimilated that his conversational partner was a phenomenon.

In addition, the aforementioned phenomenon held him in oddly high regard.

Chesha concluded so from the fact that, despite the irreverent attitude adopted, the rude replies given, the impolite retorts uttered, Vincent appeared uninterested in killing him.

Was that proof of Chesha’s merits, or proof of Vincent’s principles?

Regardless, he would never have imagined that a day this eventful awaited him upon waking up this morning in his shabby lodging.

Vincent: [――――]

While Chesha remained silent, Vincent looked at him, head poised on his hand, one eye shut.

That gesture gave off the odious impression that he was basking in the satisfaction of shutting his opponent’s mouth. Losing all strength to resist, Chesha turned his disgruntled gaze towards Vincent, and arrived at a sudden realization.

Chesha: [I see, you never close both eyes at the same timeee.]

Vincent: [There you have it.]

Chesha: [Huh?]

Putting a hand to his pointed chin, Vincent replied to Chesha’s offhand observation with a nod.

Unable to grasp the meaning of that sentence, Chesha tilted his head.

Vincent: [If you wish to know the reason as to why I did not execute you, therein it lies.]

Vincent’s explanation was short, but his mien indicated that he deemed it complete. The moment Chesha noticed that, everything fell into place.

The precocious boy put many adults to shame with the schemes that he concocted, and with the unbridled way he wielded his talent as a Prince of Vollachia, yet nonetheless he was twelve years of age.

――If he were not, he would have already learned how naive it was to expect those around him to possess wisdom matching his own.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Chisha Gold.

That was the new name conferred on Chesha Trim upon entering the Abellux estate as Vincent’s recruit.

Chisha: [Since my family is back at my hometown, I would rather keep my name from becoming well-known to avoid causing them unwarranted trouble. Though, I suppose you would find it easy to murder all my worries away…]

Vincent: [You seem very obstinate in portraying me as a bloodthirsty brute. Are you also responsible for the sobriquet of Sanguinary Prince that people call me in the streets, perchance?]

Chisha: [Why, I believed that was another one of your fear-based strategies. I have heard accounts about parents mentioning you in cautionary tales for children, as in, “Behave, or else the Sanguinary Prince will come”.]

Vincent: [Come, but for what purpose, according to them? As if I would bother.]

Chisha: [Oh, but what if you show up and hire them against their will, like you did to me? Pretty frightening, if you ask me.]

Vincent: [I advise you to watch your tongue, or I might end up justifying those fabrications with your blood.]

Conversations with Vincent blurred the line between seriousness and jest.

Should the need arise, Vincent would pay with somebody else’s life, no hesitation. He would never do that if unnecessary, though. He handled human lives the same way he handled money or goods.

When consorting with him, one could not ignore that he regarded whichever as limited resources with equal value.

The reason for the name change to Chisha Gold matched his statement; he was worried that somebody in his hometown would turn indignant at the news of Chesha Trim’s promotion and involve his family in retaliation.

Notwithstanding, even if his family were harmed, he would not go out of his way to help.

Albeit callous in the eyes of some, a certain distance existed between him and his kin, and just with that he was being compassionate enough towards the relatives who had neglected him in the most critical of moments.

Funnily or not, the surname Gold pertained to a family exterminated by Vincent as a punishment for treachery.

Perhaps it had been a little jape of revenge from Vincent towards Chesha’s rudeness; but that aside, it misled the public into rumoring that he had spared one descendant of Gold, while condemning them to endure the humiliation of failing to escape his control, which reinforced his standing as the Sanguinary Prince.

As for the first name, Vincent had suggested a single letter modification, so it sounded similar to his original one, just like Chesha had hoped. Since he had had no motive to complain, and no malice seemed to be implicated this time, albeit adjudging it frugal, he had approved the idea.

Despite everything, after a lifetime of being ostracized for his proclivity to theory over practice and for his social clumsiness, Chesha’s rebirth as Chisha brought a welcome change.

Never could his remote village have provided him with so many books and activities to indulge in.

He had gotten the opportunity to resettle, far from those who had unjustly scorned him for being inept at tilling or harvesting the fields, and he would never trade that for anything in the world.

However――,

Vincent: [We are in the next ditch, Chisha. Prove your utility.]

Every time, those words warned him that Vincent was about to harass him over a problem leagues above stuck carriage wheels, initiating a discussion that would persist until a solution sprang.

Vincent’s drive made him a force to be reckoned with.

In what way did Vincent view and perceive the world, tackling various issues at the same time, with consistent focus as well, despite bearing two eyes and one head like ordinary men?

Sure enough, a lord held the duty to involve himself in his domain’s matters, but it was an unscrupulous thing to anticipate from a twelve-year-old, even more so when he lacked adult figures to rely on.

But any commiserations that an outsider might direct at Vincent would disperse upon being faced with his performance.

Being associated with Vincent demanded a vast array of specialized knowledge from Chisha, which granted him no time to loiter.

As soon as they solved an issue, a new one appeared; sometimes, another issue would surge while the current one was still at hand. And while he racked his brains over those different problems at once, the Abellux Domain continued evolving.

The quality of life improved, while the residents’ initial apprehension transformed into commendation.

Vincent had the ability to turn terror into admiration and servitude into adoration, both well-deserved.

He did not bother with others’ opinions of himself, and therein lay the reason for which he held that aforementioned ability.

Vincent: [Chisha, you have educated yourself well on the flood control system. Now, I must discharge that incompetent administrator from his post. I shall adduce his charges of embezzlement heretofore and have him decapitated.]

Chisha: [In my humble opinion, such charges do not warrant a decapitation.]

Vincent: [So, he earned his profits due to effort? Is that what you are telling me?]

Chisha: […This topic is a little too far from my specialtyyy.]

Vincent: [If what he has pocketed were offset by his work, I would ignore him. Otherwise, retribution is due. By refusing to correct his misconduct, even after repeated warnings, he himself depleted the allowances that I conceded.]

Beneath Vincent’s drastic initiative and resoluteness hid his fastidious side, contrasting with his expectations towards others and, as an underlying factor, inclining him to criticize those unable to meet them as slothful.

Vincent was no meritocrat, though; he did not disrelish people solely for being incompetent.

Were he to put his own doctrine into words――,

Vincent: [――One ought to perform the vocation that corresponds with their caliber.]

He wished for everybody to live with all their might, no respite.

Knowing this, the boy named Vincent Abellux and the circumstances behind his fastidious perfectionism seemed to start shining in a different light.

Unbelievable as it might sound, Vincent did not possess unwavering confidence, nor did he take pride in himself.

For more, he constantly hungered.

For more, he constantly lamented.

For more, he constantly struggled.

At the core of Vincent’s being lay a driving force. It was not gratitude towards the princely status bestowed upon him, but a furious determination to fulfill the role that said status demanded.

And the motive that made Vincent harbor these fierce sentiments was――,

Vincent: [――There is one despicable man, Stride Vollachia his name.]

Some time after joining Vincent, Chisha found himself frowning at the words that his master had spoken.

Luckily, or rather, proving Vincent’s discretion accurate, Chisha indeed had somewhat of a talent to pull wheels out of ditches, thanks to which he had managed to not lose his job.

That said, he had been steered down this path little-by-little.

His position’s pros and cons had revealed themselves one after the other, tipping the scales in a way that made it difficult to tell which side weighed more.

And Chisha was still in the process of pondering that, when, for the first time, Vincent exposed something unrelated to work, something stemming from somewhere in his heart.

Chisha: [Stride Vollachia, is it? Pardon my ignorance, my studies must still be insufficient, considering I have never heard that name.]

Vincent: [No, your studies are not to blame. In fact, your life would be at risk if you knew that information. That man’s existence has been long erased from the records of the Imperial Family of Vollachia, after all.]

Chisha: [――――]

Chisha thought about how Vincent might have just endangered him by disclosing that so incautiously, but, given his position, it was difficult to interrupt the latter once he had started talking.

Besides, he was interested in that man who had been ousted from the Imperial Family.

Chisha: [Well, ousting someone of the Imperial Family does not sound possible. Even if it were done, their blood still flows through their veins. Plus, that is what the Imperial Selection Ceremony exists for.]

The Imperial Selection Ceremony, held in order to determine the Empire’s next sovereign.

This ceremony, a competition where the Emperor’s offspring would kill each other to reach the pinnacle of the Empire, was a prime representation of the nation’s essence, with origins dating back to its very founding.

The last one standing would be crowned Emperor.

And as the Emperor of Vollachia, they could seize the Yang Sword, emblem of their reign.

Chisha: [Though, in theory, one can live without fighting if they renounce their right to inherit the throne, or so I have heard.]

Vincent: [A mere prevarication. That is fantasy, naught but a tool to cull beforehand those who, despite possessing the right to power, lack the courage to triumph in the ceremony. And that is to say, your concerns are correct.]

Chisha: [So ousting a member of the Imperial Family is unthinkable.]

Vincent: [Yet, Stride Vollachia suffered that unthinkable penalty, and was therefore disengaged from the Ceremony’s ensemble. Even so, given that the Imperial Selection Ceremony progressed without delay afterwards, that wight most likely did not elude death.]

Vincent’s gaze, colder than usual, was tinged with deep disdain towards the man in question.

Stride Vollachia, the man who had been removed from his position as part of Vollachia’s Imperial Family, erased from the historical records―― He was of the exact sort that evoked Vincent’s fury.

To those who did not perform their assigned role nor exert their natural abilities to the fullest, he offered zero clemency.

Chisha: […Even so, how come you know of his existence, when no one is supposed to, Vincent- sama ? Did a chatty gentleman of high status tell you, perhaps?]

Vincent: [Never afraid to step over the hierarchical ditch with your insolence, are you? ――The journal.]

Chisha: [Journal?]

Vincent: [Yes, Stride Vollachia’s journal. It was concealed in the Crystal Palace’s library, where I found it. Shame that such an intriguing tome turned out to be full of unreadable, nonsensical inscriptions.]

The way Vincent curled his lips in displeasure was a gesture of unmitigated loathing.

Vincent generally took a tolerant approach when digesting and evaluating things. He went through said thought process with impressive speed, which, for better or for worse, almost made it seem like he judged without prior deliberation. It would strike anybody as unusual to witness that same Vincent displaying such negative emotions.

Chisha: [And what was inscribed in it? Would you ever show it to me?]

The topic piqued his interest.

Nevertheless, deep down, he knew well that his attention was digressing from the journal’s contents, towards discovering what put his troublesome master in so much anguish.

Aware of Chisha’s inner thoughts or not, Vincent closed one of his black eyes and, piercing him with his gaze, spoke.

Vincent: [I shall not show it to you. ――Not that anthology of worthless delusions about the Observers and things akin.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Well, no offense but you seem like quite the overthinker, always looking for reasons and whatnot. Chesha, I don’t think normal people make schemes while frowning as intensely as His Excellency or you do.]

Chisha: [――First, please mind your words; second, my name is Chisha.]

???: [Oh my, I’m so sorry! What could be more discourteous than mistaking a fellow actor’s name!? I’ll reflect very deeply about what I’ve done. Chisha, Chisha, Chisha, Chisha, Chisha, Chisha, Chisha!]

Chisha: [――――]

With energy and nothing else worth describing, the blue-haired boy kept talking.

The boy, named Cecilus Segmunt, was of the same class as Chisha years ago: somebody whom Vincent had sensed potential in and thus picked up.

If one possessed great skill and the readiness to exercise it, Vincent would engage them.

Vincent questioned neither one’s origins nor status. While these ideals had earned him some detractors, none of them could deny that the Abellux Domain was blooming further every year, under his rule.

Notwithstanding, albeit prestigious origins were not a requisite, the gap in educational level made it too difficult to find another civil officer of excellence among commoners. Hence, Chisha’s workload never abated.

However――,

Cecilus: [A good military officer needs nothing but pure brawn. Though, in my case, as an actor, I need to have splendor as well, but I’m already one of a kind in both of those aspects anyway!]

Chisha: [You sound rather confident… But you probably do have enough strength to vaunt. Which, ironically, makes it more bothersome, but that is no concern of mineee.]

The energetic little child―― perhaps he was too old to be called that, being six or seven years younger than Chisha; although doing so felt natural for the latter, now eighteen years of age. Unfortunately, Cecilus lacked the characteristic cuteness of boys his age.

And not due to his appearance or conduct, but due to that skill of which he boasted with pride.

Chisha: [――――]

After joining the House of Abellux, Chisha himself had trained in martial arts, for bodyguarding and self-defense purposes, but he was aware that his proficiency was that of an average man. And rather than moving his own body, he was suited to moving crowds.

Of course, he ought to forget said pretext and avoid neglecting his training henceforth if he wished to improve. But even in the eyes of someone as inexperienced as himself, Chisha could tell that Cecilus’s power surpassed the norm by far.

Chisha had already met a phenomenon of ingenuity.

Yet, he had never imagined that he would come across a phenomenon of armed might like this one.

Chisha: [The more I know, the less I understand what Vincent-sama… What His Excellency wishes.]

Cecilus: [Oh, there you go again with the deep thoughts, Chisha. But don’t fret, I’m here to give you the answer. That’s what people call… foreshadowing, yes!]

So declared Cecilus, thrusting a nimble finger towards Chisha, whose eyes widened.

Looking at the other’s reaction, Cecilus retracted his finger and continued.

Cecilus: [Wait, you’ve never heard the term? Let me explain then. Foreshadowing means showing important information in a story, but disguising it in a…]

Chisha: [Yes, I know the definition of “foreshadowing”. The expression you see now on my face means that I cannot fathom why you brought that up.]

Cecilus: [Ah, I see! It’s pretty simple, just so you know. I’m telling you, what you and His Excellency have in common is that constant urge to find the meaning of every little thing.]

Amused, Cecilus brought his hands together in front of his chest as he laughed. Then, he broke the clap and revolved on the spot, pointing with open hands at all that surrounded him.

Cecilus: [Alright, let’s suppose that there’s indeed meaning to everything! Which is to say, all that stuff you can’t explain at this moment serves as foreshadowing for what’s to unfold sooner or later in this plot! Heart-pounding, isn’t it?!]

Chisha: [The expenditure of unaccounted funds and the amassing of goods of dubious provenance do not quite strike me as foreshadowing for the future, but as evidence of prevalent corruption and bribery.]

Cecilus: [Do you hear yourself?! What you just mentioned is stuff you can solve in the present! Meanwhile, I’m talking about that which you cannot. Come on, Chisha, I know you’re so much smarter than this!]

Chisha: [――――]

Bringing his spinning feet to an abrupt halt, Cecilus objected, brows furrowed in annoyance.

While it displeased him to see Cecilus annoyed at him without a clear motive, somehow, Chisha found a tiny scrap of salvation in those words.

As he toiled to satisfy the demands that Vincent had imposed on him along with his post, one doubt had lingered at the back of his mind: why had he been the one seized?

Years had elapsed, in which he had even gotten to know Vincent as a person, yet he still was unable to explain that.

Because that problem did not pertain to Vincent, but to Chisha himself.

Without an answer to cure his woes, remaining at Vincent’s side had taken a heavy toll on his psyche, but now――,

Chisha: […If that is the case, could my presence itself be foreshadowing something, too?]

Cecilus: [Oh? You’ve already absorbed the knowledge, impressive. Well, with how intelligent you are, no wonder you learn so quickly! Now that deserves my absolute respect, I could never do the same!]

Chisha: [If you wish to show me respect, how about you start addressing me with an honorific? I am your senior, superior to you in both age and rank, am I not?]

Cecilus: [Awww, but addressing a friend with an honorific feels a tad too distant, don’t you think? We’re going to be on the same boat, now and for many days to come. So let’s go ahead and throw all those pesky formalities out the window, shall we?!]

Chisha: [Friend…]

With those unreserved words, plus a pat to his shoulder, the boy left Chisha speechless.

While he was surprised at the familiarity with which the former could close the distance between them, too, the true shock had come when he realized that, in his path thus far, not once had somebody called him a friend.

In the few years since forsaking his hometown, being taken by Vincent, studying assiduously under the aforementioned, drudging away at work, he had not become close to anybody.

Of course, although there had been people who had appreciated him for business reasons, those did not count here.

Chisha: [――――]

Cecilus: [What’s the matter? Hm, maybe you’re right, should I start with the honorific, then? Like in those stories where the distance keeps shrinking one step at a time, until the end, when the two realize their paths have crossed! That kinda development is charming in its own way, so I wouldn’t mind turning the rudder towards…]

Chisha: [No, you do not need to. ――His Excellency is one who favors a job done with dispatch.]

It was not like he had grasped Cecilus’s drivel in its entirety, but if, in the end, they were going to arrive at that destination anyway, then he preferred to take the briefest route.

While deriding himself for harboring thoughts so deeply tainted by Vincent’s doctrine, Chisha chose not to negate Cecilus’s ideals and, instead, accept them.

Were he to mimic that man’s speech style――,

Chisha: [I shall expect you to wield your power when necessary, for the sake of seeing His Excellency’s desires fulfilled. That, no doubt, is the reason why you were plucked…]

Cecilus: [That’s foreshadowing the role he’ll need me to carry out, right?! You can trust me, Chisha! I might be useless at anything that’s not fighting, but in battle, I won’t let anyone catch up with me!]

Chisha: [I look forward to that.]

The slender child puffed out his thin chest as he bragged about his hypothetical feats, but Chisha did not laugh at him.

In accordance with Vincent’s discretion, as well as his own, he would give Cecilus Segmunt a place corresponding with his caliber.

Moreover――,

Chisha: [――I suppose, for now, I must await the day I will perform the function I foreshadow.]

Assimilating the role that his much younger friend had mentioned, Chisha whispered.

And as if fate had listened to him, the Imperial Selection Ceremony, involving Vincent Abellux, commenced around six months after this event.

△▼△▼△▼△

With the death of the former Emperor, Drizen Vollachia, ensued the commencement of the Imperial Selection Ceremony.

Because of his indisputable talents, Vincent Abellux had been regarded as an enemy by his other siblings, being caught in a besiegement made up of concentrated attacks from the latter, in one opportunity.

However, as it turned out, Vincent lived up to his initial reputation and expectations, winning the Imperial Selection Ceremony with overwhelming strength.

Having vanquished all his siblings, having been adorned with the crown of blood of the Vollachian Empire, Vincent Abellux―― No, the Seventy-Seventh Emperor, Vincent Vollachia, was born.

Part of the bloody path that Vincent had trod, part of the great river of blood that Vincent had pooled had perhaps been due, in part, to the contributions of Chisha and Cecilus, who had served as his subordinates.

However, in regards to this Imperial Selection Ceremony, the role that had been expected of Chisha, in the plan carried out for the sake of Vincent’s victory―― had been something quite different from “freeing a wheel from a ditch”.

During the battle, Chisha’s entrusted role had been to make the very last move on the board――,

Chisha: [――I see your younger sister has escaped unharmed. She may have quite the fierce and uninhibited personality, but I am certain she understands her predicament. I believe things have been settled, for the time being.]

It was in an office, namely a room within the Crystal Palace in the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

In that room used by the Emperor, who stood at the top of the nation’s politics, Chisha experienced having that familiar face regarding him back, a situation which would likely take him a while to deal with in this calm of a manner.

Even though the Emperor himself sat atop a chair of considerable authority, he showed no sign of breaking his usual demeanor. Even when assured that his victory in the Imperial Selection Ceremony was unshakeable, he did not even show a glimpse of a smile from a sense of accomplishment.

Never did Vincent smile. At least, not while passing as a prince or the Emperor.

When not playing as the prince, his lips would actually come apart and form a mischievous grin. However, the opportunities for that seemed like they would decrease significantly in comparison to then, as well.

He had become the Emperor. And thus, he would not permit a moment during which the Emperor was not the Emperor.

――No, he could spare a singular moment when that was not the case.

Chisha: [I could not believe my ears when you inquired about a way to save Prisca-sama.]

Assuming that no one else was listening, Chisha spoke of the greatest secret of this iteration of the Vollachian Empire, one in which he was directly complicit.

Coinciding with the conclusion of the Imperial Selection Ceremony, the birth of a new Emperor was announced.

But the fact of the matter was that the Imperial Selection Ceremony, in which only the last of the Imperial Family would succeed to the throne, had not been carried out fully. ――Two candidates had remained at the end.

These two, were Vincent Abellux and Prisca Benedict.

Prisca Benedict was described as a tragic princess who had gulped down a poisonous cup herself, losing her life.

In actuality, she had indeed drunk the poison, yet she had not lost her life.

She had not consumed the poison from a cup, instead having done so to save her squire, who had been so concerned for her master as to cling to the possibility of saving her life.

The venom had arrested Prisca’s heart just long enough for everything to be concluded before it resumed beating anew.

The Imperial Selection Ceremony was over, Prisca Benedict had been interred in a tomb.

Vincent Abellux became Emperor, and Prisca Benedict assumed a different identity, a life not by that name――.

Chisha: [Supposing I were from a family that had served the Empire since ancient times, I might have had to admonish His Excellency for his outrageous wiiish. However, I hail from a family of commoners.]

There was no basis for which prestige or tradition were to be appreciated in particular.

A certain amount of respect was to be given, their value was even to be acknowledged, but they ought not be misunderstood as something above all. In the Vollachian Empire, prestige and tradition were merely tolerated.

And that was why――,

Chisha: [I had not the slightest bit of hesitation in partaking in this plan.]

Vincent: [――――]

As the Emperor, Vincent, kept his silence, his innermost thoughts were perhaps unfathomable, but his actions were clear.

From the very start, amongst his many siblings, Prisca had always been special to Vincent. Although Prisca shone brightly in Chisha’s eyes because of her sagacity, it was not only because of her ability that Vincent had an eye on his younger sister, even though he was much older than her.

Despite being akin to the very picture of arrogance, Prisca respected Vincent and treated him truly as a blood-related elder brother.

Since the Imperial Selection Ceremony was the fate of the Imperial Family of Vollachia, they mutually acknowledged that they were not allowed to coexist, even with compromises―― Until Vincent tore that fate apart by his own hand.

This came much to the delight of Chisha, and, above everything else, as a relief.

Vincent’s approach was to demonstrate his full capabilities within the position and role he had been bestowed with.

Vincent had not changed his ways from the day of their meeting until the present day. So, what kind of rationale could have possibly manifested from the fact that he, of all people, had chosen to permit Prisca’s survival?

If she were found alive, he himself would be endangered, and violence would break out whereupon the foundation of trust that the Emperor had built up in the Vollachian Empire could be lost.

As Emperor of Vollachia, what argument could he have that could justify it?

None. Of course he would have none. It had not been a decision made rationally.

It had been a desire born of emotion, a wish, a prayer.

Vincent Abellux had not wanted to kill his beloved sister.

Henceforth, Prisca Benedict had been kept alive, and Vincent wore a crown of falsehoods.

That had made Chisha happy.

Vincent had made the judgment that he wanted to bring Prisca back to life, rather than having her be kept alive, and so, he had asked Chisha for a way to get rid of the obstacle―― the wheel stuck in the ditch.

Chisha: [Foreshadowing, was it?]

The nonsense Cecilus had uttered before the Imperial Selection Ceremony began crossed his mind.

Even something that in the moment did not make any sense, something which seemed meaningless, could be found out to possess meaning in the distant future. It could even be understood as having been present for that very purpose.

Like his own position and actions, as well as Chisha’s, were perhaps the foundation for that future.

Chisha: [Well, it truly is annoying to admit that what Cecilus was talking about was pertinent, and I can see him getting overly enthused, so I will never tell him.]

Vincent: [You have been this way for some time now, however I have been giving it some thought recently. Have you completely lost your color, and along with it, everything you have cultivated whilst in service of mineself?]

Chisha: [Surprisingly, I have been doing quite well, ever since I skirted the oblivion of death.]

Knowing it was disrespectful, Chisha shrugged in front of Vincent. The Emperor changed his posture, but he would not rebuke the former for that unless it were done in public.

Having changed his manner of referring to himself, in Vincent’s sable eyes, Chisha’s reflection was as he had stated: completely white and bereft of color. [1]

During the Imperial Selection Ceremony, after being nearly killed in a stand-off with an enemy and then returning from the brink of death, Chisha’s black hair had been drained of all its color, turning completely white.

Since then, he had been wearing white, exactly the opposite of the black attire he had been donning, for some reason or another. Having even repainted the iron fan he used out of preference, he was thus completely white, his clothing uniform.

Of course, that had not been just for his amusement.

After being on the verge of death, and after losing his color, Chisha had awakened to a strange Noh. In order to handle this Noh of painting himself in the color of others, he had to keep constant awareness. [2]

A measure necessary, as to imply to himself that he was able to dye himself in any color.

In any case, the particulars of this Noh had been kept from Vincent as well. He would not disclose it to anyone, naturally. Let alone to the loose-lipped Cecilus, or to others with whom he had little connection.

It was always a good idea to have an ace up one’s sleeve, a trump card, or a secret move or two ready to go.

However――,

Chisha: [If Your Excellency would finally release me for the great work I have done, then I believe no longer would there be any need for such machinations.]

Vincent: [Suppose you were me, do you believe I would have you dismissed and alive, being aware of a fact of utmost importance, one that must be kept under wraps, in the Empire, and let you sleep peacefully at night?]

Chisha: [Developing a hypothetical within another hypothetical is somewhat bad manners, but I guess losing my head before I leave the castle is all I have in store right nooow.]

Vincent: [If you comprehend that, and if you value your life, then continue to serve me obediently. So long as you can prove that you are of use to me, I shall keep your head attached to your torso.]

As he declared so in an arrogant tone, Vincent rested his chin atop his hands, his elbows on the desk.

It was difficult to tell if either of them was serious in this frivolous exchange, but it was necessary for the Emperor, who did not spare any words for others, to let him speak out like this and make sure.

As per that exchange, Chisha Gold’s status and the role expected of him would go unaltered, though Vincent had become the Emperor, but――,

Chisha: [――The state of the Sacred Vollachian Empire may or may not change.]

Already, the radiance of the Yang Sword, the absolute symbol of the Vollachian Empire, had been betrayed.

The Imperial Selection Ceremony, which had taken place ever since the Empire’s establishment, had been finalized in a way different to how it had been until now. Thus, what would normally follow the Ceremony would also change dramatically, in the future in quintessence.

Going down that path, prioritizing his own desires and opting to save his younger sister. Vincent did all that.

A new path would be opened, a path different from the one that had existed thus far. Chisha found himself slightly excited by that fact and the anticipation that came with it.

However, he would never display it in his expression, in his words, or in his attitude.

That was, because he was conscious of his friend’s, of Cecilus’s bad influence.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The days passed by at a dizzying pace.

The former system of the Nine Divine Generals was restored, and the rankings of the Imperial Nobility were reset.

By purging those who had become a mere shell of their former selves and enjoyed high status because of history alone, the way of the Vollachian Empire, which flew the national flag of a “wolf pierced by swords”, was enforced inside and outside its borders without exception.

The way of doing things that had lasted till the previous Emperor, who had unthinkingly believed the unwritten rule that the strong were absolutely right and had let the Empire fall to ruin internally, was completely disavowed and the initial principle that the strong were to be respected was scrubbed out.

Those who sat on their bloodlines and family’s social standing were robbed of what had represented them, while those who had been waiting vigilantly for the opportunity to come around were given a chance to take on the challenge.

From the outside, Vincent Vollachia’s reign would have perhaps seemed no different from the history of the Empire thus far.

However, its reality was quite different. Those who knew what was going on behind the scenes experienced it firsthand.

Before long, it became something that many in the Empire, and even those outside in other countries, would likely come to know.

About the grandeur of Vincent Vollachia’s remaking and reforming of the Empire.

Useless conflicts would cease, and absurd fights to the death would no longer be applauded.

Proof of strength was no longer based on an individual’s military prowess, and those who held ambitions not suitable for their stature would prove with their lives the difficulty of truly fulfilling those ambitions.

It was as if they were watching the process of completely painting over the criteria for what was “strong”.

However――,

???: [I’ll be the First, Anya’ll be the Second, and after Olbart joins, Chisha’ll be the Fourth. His Excellency’s choices aren’t so bad, but Chisha, your complexion doesn’t look so great, does it?]

Chisha: [I am the Fourth because otherwise it does not quite sit right for me. As Cecilus knows as well, I…]

Cecilus: [On physical strength, absolutely. Well, well, I’m not claiming to understand your feelings at all, but I guess this is the way the pecking order’s determined in the world ruled by His Excellency. It’s hard to know which is which when there are mixed standards, but I’m feeling rather positive about it.]

Vincent: [What is the reason for that? Aside from the fact that you are immovable as First.]

Cecilus: [You took the words right out of my mouth! That you did is the biggest reason. But that’s not the only one. I think having Chisha there will change your point of view.]

Chisha: [Point of view… In other words, can I take that to mean that of one’s way of fighting?]

Cecilus: [That’s the gist. If me and you go at it, Chisha, you’ll die in the blink of an eye for sure; however, what if you start with a thousand men? It might take a thousand seconds!]

Chisha: [I doubt it would. But I understand where you are coming from. While I gain a thousand seconds…]

Cecilus: [His Excellency, or someone else, can fulfill their purpose. My one greatest flaw, as the leading actor of this world, is that there’s only one of me in this world.]

There were those whose natures would not change at all, even if they gained a higher standing or if the way of the Empire changed.

However, Cecilus embodied that first principle. The reason for why was that, in the most ancient eras of the Vollachian Empire, “the strong” had garnered respect from everyone.

Everyone throughout the Empire knew that the one in question was unpopular, did not have a personality that would be liked by everyone, and did not have the character to be an example for anyone.

Still, should anyone be asked who the strongest in the Empire was, their chests would swell with pride as if they were tied to him personally.

And they would say that it was Cecilus Segmunt who was the most powerful being in the Empire.

The fact that Chisha was considered to be able to gain a thousand seconds if he were to gather people against Cecilus, had also been the reason why he had felt at ease with the position of Fourth of the Nine Divine Generals, going without firmly refusing it.

Hence, albeit he was of the opinion that he was being overvalued, Chisha had resigned himself to that position and role. For the most part, it worked well.

If there was any problem, it was――,

???: [――My my, isn’t this luuucky~, General First-Class Chisha. Today’s fortunes are good, aren’t they?]

That person, who had started a conversation like that in a friendly manner, gave him a small smile.

When it seemed that everything was going favorably in the Empire, the ominous feeling he held towards the being that had introduced themself as a Stargazer, and whose comings and goings to the Crystal Palace were permitted, had felt like a black spot on his white body.

――The fact that the ominous feeling had been no mistake was proven years later.

Stargazer: [――The coming of the Great Disaster has been passed down in a commandment. It is regrettable, Your Excellency.]

In the center of the Emperor’s office, a man who by all rights should not have been there had announced that with an expression that felt like they were trying to say, “I am solemn from the bottom of my heart”.

Chisha, who was present at the meeting, frowned at the words of Ubilk the Stargazer.

Chisha: […The Great Disaster?]

It was something he did not recall having heard of, yet at the same time it sounded like something that could not possibly be a good sign.

It could also be called a mass-scale disaster. A prediction that it would be no ordinary calamity could be conjectured. However, what disturbed Chisha was the one addition that Ubilk had appended.

Just why was this man still saying things like it being a pity, and so forth, in regards to Vincent?

Chisha: [Ubilk-dono, I have no doubts about your authenticity as a Stargazer. On numerous occasions, you have been able to anticipate insurrections, cataclysms, and matters that were liable to occur within our country. In many cases, your prophecies have helped to limit the damage, Ubilk-dono.]

Ubilk: [Pardon me, General First-Class Chisha. Hooowever~, I have one correction. I didn’t make any prophecies. I’m only conveying the whispers of stars. I can’t take credit for that.]

Chisha: […I respect your opinion, Ubilk-dono. Of course, we need to be prepared to deal with the Great Disaster, but may I ask what you expect to happen?]

Ubilk’s expression in response to Chisha, which had been cryptic until then, took the shape of a smile.

Chisha posed a question that needed to be asked while being suspicious of Ubilk, whose face was rich in expression, yet none of it heartfelt.

Ubilk’s role, who called himself a Stargazer, was similar to that of a faith healer or fortune teller.

However, the accuracy of Ubilk’s predictions was extraordinary, setting him apart from charlatans which felt like they used an element of theatrics to boost morale.

However, the drawback was that there were many details that were vague and somewhat circular in terms of how much they related to Ubilk’s personality.

But, as Chisha had also mentioned, there were actually a smattering of situations that had been triggered by Ubilk’s advocacy and resolved without major incident, regardless of whether they had been natural disasters or man-made.

It was because of Vincent’s appreciation of his abilities that he had been allowed free access to the Crystal Palace.

Chisha was not very keen on making heavy utilization of the unfathomable Ubilk, but Vincent’s stance was that those that could be used ought to be used.

For instance, that applied all the same in regards to giving positions to those who had served his brothers and sisters who had died in the Imperial Selection Ceremony. To have Berstetz Fondalfon at his side as the Prime Minister, even though he was the cream of the crop, was madness.

However, the Prime Minister was a man who held surprisingly strong faith in the Empire, and so long as Vincent continued to act like Vincent, there was no fear that Berstetz would bare his fangs against him.

In any case――,

Chisha: [If you are going as far as to call it a Great Disaster, it must be incredibly difficult to avoid. Fortunately, both General First-Class Cecilus and Arakiya are available… Well, I can say that those two are typically available at all times because it’s dangerous to leave them apart…]

Ubilk: [――It’s ruin, General First-Class Chisha.]

Chisha: [Hmm?]

Recalling the faces of Cecilus and Arakiya, the First and the Second, who had a special reason to be there, Chisha was half-steeped in despondence when an unexpected sound brought him back to reality.

Further furrowing his brow, Chisha gave Ubilk another opportunity to speak.

In response, Ubilk prefaced his remarks with the words, “As I said”,

Ubilk: [What’s coming, General First-Class Chisha, is ruin. The Great Disaster is a means of devastation, it’s gonna destroy the Vollachian Empire. It’s something that brings about ruin beyond even the reach of the sun’s light. Alllthough~ …]

Chisha: [――――]

Ubilk: [From the outset, the Yang Sword cannot be used to its fullest potential. Riiight~?]

The moment Chisha, who had been standing behind Vincent, heard this, he jumped into the middle of the room, placing the iron fan he had pulled out to Ubilk’s neck, knocking him off balance.

And just like that, he would drive his iron fan into Ubilk’s head, who had fallen to the ground, sparing no quarter――,

Vincent: [――Halt, Chisha. There is no point in killing him.]

Chisha: [But, Your Excellency. This thing knows of matters it has no right knowing. Surely, Your Excellency did not tell him?]

Vincent: [Nonsense. I would never let my mouth slip to a clown. Most likely, as you would put it, he learned it from the stars.]

Ubilk: [Ahaha, that’s correct. Say, I guess I was about to die just now?]

With a finger of his poking the iron fan that had been stopped just before striking him, Ubilk produced a half-smile.

Looking down at that, Chisha fretted for a moment as to whether he really should dispose of Ubilk, then let out a heavy sigh and took a big step back.

Chisha: [I apologize for my discourtesy. However, I would ask that you refrain from such careless remarks, as I cannot guarantee that my hand will be stayed again next time.]

Ubilk: [Ahem, how careless of me. As expected of one of the Nine Divine Generals, even though you’re referred to as the civil servant type, your skill is that of a warrior.]

Chisha: [No need for flattery. Rather――]

Cutting off there, Chisha averted his gaze from Ubilk and turned to look behind himself.

There, Vincent, in the same posture as when he had received the Stargazer, sat at the large desk where he did his work, and looked their way.

Faced with those black eyes, Chisha suddenly recalled how they had met.

When he had come face-to-face with Vincent for the first time, the two of them had been at a roughly similar distance from one another, inside the carriage.

Why was he suddenly recollecting that moment? Most likely, the feeling now was similar to the one he’d had at the time.

His state of mind equal to the one he’d had then, Chisha could not help but probe Vincent.

Chisha: [Your Excellency, you seem unsurprised by Ubilk-dono’s prophecy from just now. May I inquire as to the true reason for that?]

Ubilk: [Ummm~, I don’t do prophecies… Uh.]

Chisha: [My apologies. However, I would advise you that there will not be a next time.]

As Ubilk attempted to cut into the conversation uninvited, the iron fan grazed his cheek and pierced the wall. From his cheeks, which had suffered a slight cut, a drop of blood welled; Ubilk thus raised both his hands in a vow to remain silent.

Without even looking in his direction, Chisha stared at Vincent―― Nay, Chisha glared at him.

To Chisha’s discernment, Vincent closed a single eye, and stated,

Vincent: [The signs of the disaster have already been reported. The Observers have whispered that the forthcoming Great Disaster shall bring about the downfall of the Empire.]

Chisha: [――Why did you not share it with me at the time… No.]

Astonished by the contents of Vincent’s speech, Chisha’s tongue stopped just as he was about to argue. Shortly before, in the words that Vincent had uttered, he had sensed an indescribable dread.

Ruminating on what had caused that, Chisha widened his eyes slightly.

Chisha: [Your Excellency, if I have not misheard, who has given you that guidance? ――The Observers, was it?]

A long time ago, many long years prior, he had heard of them from Vincent on one occasion.

Stride Vollachia was a banished member of the Imperial Family, a man whom Vincent had designated as an abomination and a despicable existence, on whose journal that expression, “Observers”, had been noted down.

And now, Vincent had mouthed that expression. That too, was an expression connected to the Stargazer, Ubilk, an expression whose nature he had grasped since that time long ago.

Chisha: [Your Excellency, by Observers, do you mean the “stars” Ubilk-dono speaks of?]

Vincent: […I share the same perception. What Ubilk has recited is a type of announcement, of what the Observers had peered at.]

Chisha: [――. So, do you believe that Stride Vollachia was a Stargazer as well?]

Vincent: [The likelihood of that is high, in my view. But, he differed from the others who proclaimed themselves to be Stargazers. Were you to analyze the contents of his journal, you would notice the hostility of Stride Vollachia towards the Observers.]

Chisha’s dissatisfaction with Vincent grew as the revelations unfolded.

Both before and after he had become Emperor, he had willingly burdened himself with an immense workload, yet he still had saddled himself with such troubles, which he had not shared with Chisha.

For the sake of keeping it hidden from Chisha, he had certainly gone to great lengths.

If he had that much effort to spare, he ought to have shared it from the beginning.

Ubilk: [Please calm down, General First-Class Chisha. His Excellency had his reasons for not discussing this with you. I respect that decision.]

Chisha: [I believe I advised you there would not be a next time.]

Ubilk: [I know, I know. Buuut~, if His Excellency has trouble speaking about the matter, I thought it’d be better if I did. That’s why I’m present together with General First-Class Chisha, isn’t that so?]

Still holding his hands up, Ubilk looked toward Vincent over Chisha’s shoulder.

It was irritating that he acted as if he understood Vincent’s thoughts, but Vincent did not refute Ubilk’s suggestion.

In that case, Chisha had no right to dismiss it either. Besides, there was a limit to how many concealments he could be saddled with.

Chisha: [I would recommend that you drop the pompous act and choose your next words carefully.]

Ubilk: [I appreciate your concern. Well then, I’ll inform you in a concise way. ――About the Great Disaster that will bring ruin to the Empire.]

Despite having been warned about the pompous act, Ubilk interrupted himself for an instant.

However, the anger towards Ubilk was outweighed by the interest in the words that were to follow. Consequently, Ubilk remained unpunished for ignoring the warning, and continued spinning his tale.

That continuation was――,

Ubilk: [――The death of His Excellency Vincent Vollachia, that will be the signal for the beginning of the commandment.]

△▼△▼△▼△

The tactless Stargazer left the room, leaving only the apex of the Empire and his trusted confidant in the office. ――No, Chisha was no longer sure if assessing himself as such was correct.

For he would be unable to claim being one’s confidant, if the latter were unable to unravel their heart of hearts to him.

Unexpectedly, perhaps the malign declarations that the Stargazer was being bombarded with, the declarations that he was a clown, were also appropriate for himself.

Chisha: [When I disguised myself and replaced Your Excellency, the Stargazer never approached meee. Were those instructions given by Your Excellency as well, perhaps?]

Vincent: [If that which is being kept secret were to be recklessly talked about, then all plans would be rendered null. Thus, it is only natural to tie up loose ends before something goes wrong.]

Chisha: [I suppooose. I would do the same thing.]

It was not so much a collusion, but Ubilk, who appeared as if he had free rein, was also kept on a tight leash by Vincent.

There was a secret agreement exchanged between the two parties concerning the Great Disaster.

However――,

Chisha: [I do not understand. Why conceal it even from me?]

Vincent: [――. To get rid of unnecessary and cumbersome thoughts.]

Chisha: [Unnecessary and cumbersome…]

Vincent: [Were you aware of this matter, you would perhaps think of saving me. However, that is a futile thought.]

Shaking his head horizontally, Vincent stated this devoid of any hesitation.

Albeit it was his life at stake, Vincent would not falter from the truth before him. However, his own acceptance of that truth and Chisha’s were matters entirely different from one another.

Chisha: [It is only natural that I should put Your Excellency’s life first. Why do you call it futile?]

Vincent: [Recall all the stories which the Stargazer brought about thus far, claiming them to be his commandment.]

Chisha: [The stories brought by Ubilk-dono…]

At being told this, Chisha pondered.

If the Great Disaster was the only thing Vincent had kept from Chisha, then Chisha was well-aware of all the other prophecies Ubilk had brought.

They were all useful portents for natural disasters and rebellions, both posing as omens of situations that could lead to a conflagration. Thanks to this, it had been possible to keep the damage to a minimum――,

Chisha: [――Though with varying degrees of damage, all of those situations did happen.]

Vincent: [Indeed. Never has there been a case in which it was possible to prevent one from happening, having been informed as to its signs. Whether man-made or natural disaster, the first move always happens. Even if we are able to deal with the damage that follows.]

Thus, Ubilk had said.

Vincent: [The Great Disaster that thing spoke of, shall commence with my death.]

Chisha: [――Hk, then what I ought to do is safeguard Your Excellency’s life and defy the Stargazer’s commandment!]

Vincent: [Do you think I have not attempted to ascertain whether that is feasible?]

Chisha’s knee-jerk objection was negated by Vincent’s unhurried words.

Naturally, the ideas that had come to Chisha in the heat of emotion had all been tested by Vincent.

In the past, other prophecies brought about by Ubilk, unrelated to the Great Disaster, had been challenged time and again as to check if they could be prevented.

While fulfilling the role of an Emperor to the fullest extent, behind the scenes――,

Chisha: [――Your Excellency.]

Vincent: [What?]

Chisha: [I have a question, which has come up to me just now.]

Suddenly, as a cold, somber voice permeated his brain, his own, Chisha spoke thus.

He had stated that he had a question, but his brain was numb. Completely numb. Be it a mental block as a reaction due to his brain being overworked, or a consequence of it refusing to work, it was completely numb.

However, regardless of the reason for its numbness, the question had already been raised, the Emperor had received it.

And then――,

Vincent: [I shall allow it. Speak.]

Chisha could not deny that which the Emperor had chosen.

Hence, Chisha could not refuse what the Emperor had granted permission for.

And so, as Chisha experienced his own brain being numbed, he posed his query.

Chisha: [Since when have you been aware of the signs of the Great Disaster?]

Vincent: [――The journal.]

Quietly, Vincent opened a drawer in the desk he utilized to perform his duties, took out an old bound book, and placed it upon the desk.

A journal that had become a topic of conversation once in the past, but which he had never seen. The journal left by Stride Vollachia, if it conveyed the signs――

Chisha: [Your Excellency, what you have done so far――]

Meeting Chisha, originally Chesha Trim, walking alongside him, cultivating him over time, picking up Cecilus, taking part in the Imperial Selection Ceremony, saving Prisca Benedict’s life by going against his own principles in a first, and paving a new path as the Emperor of the Vollachian Empire.

The whole of Vincent Vollachia’s journey had been――.

Vincent: [――After my death, the ruin caused by the Great Disaster must be minimized. This is the purpose of the reform, that of the Nine Divine Generals.]

Chisha: [――――]

Vincent: [――Your purpose, Chisha Gold.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Chisha: [I demand to know who these Observers are, and I demand you to disclose whatever information you may have on them.]

Pushing the open iron fan against another’s neck, Chisha issued a threat, his tone low.

However, as Chisha directed that ghastly hostility at him, the facial expression of Ubilk, who had had his back pinned against the wall, was a carefree one, as if bemused, unable to read the situation.

His expression unchanging, Ubilk called out to him with “General First-Class Chisha”, then continued,

Ubilk: [I’d thought that you and His Excellency the Emperor had discussed that a few days ago, and that you had come to terms with it down inside, General First-Class Chisha…]

Chisha: [It took me a few days to review the preconditions to make sure there was no mistake. Unfortunately, there is currently no way to directly reject His Excellency’s thoughts.]

Ubilk: [I’m sure it’d be the same even if you’d discussed it with me. But, as expected from the General First-Class who also serves as His Excellency’s body double, you do take after him plenty.]

While being held in place Ubilk spoke, to which Chisha produced a faint look of puzzlement. Taking in that reaction from Chisha, Ubilk shook his head, then stated,

Ubilk: [His Excellency also asked if there was a way to bend the commandment. Buuut~, I can return you the same answer as I did then. There is not.]

Chisha: [――. What is your purpose? Ubilk-dono, you have introduced yourself as a Stargazer, thus gaining the position to stay at the Crystal Palace and deliver prophecies from the Observers. Myself at the helm, people aside from His Excellency do not think highly of your existence, Ubilk-dono. If His Excellency does pass away as per the prophecy, you shall not escape destruction.]

Ubilk: [You put that so clearly it hurts me… Buuut~, General First-Class Chisha, that assumption of yours is off.]

Chisha: [――――]

Ubilk: [More important than my own destruction, is the fulfillment and realization of the commandment. My purpose, is to ward off the destruction due to follow the Great Disaster.]

As he spoke, the grin disappeared from Ubilk’s face.

Ubilk’s face, vanished of the artificial emotion it had possessed, had lost its warmth. Capturing it from up-close, made Chisha get an impression as if he were facing Ubilk’s real face for the first time.

For an instant, he suspected that that was due to some technique of Ubilk’s――,

Ubilk: [I don’t have any power of that sort. Didn’t I destroy my own Evil Eye in front of your very eyes, General First-Class Chisha, as to display I held no malice towards His Excellency at the very start? Do you wish to confirm that?]

Chisha: [――. No, that is fine. Unless I have misheard, you, Ubilk-dono, have stated this? That your purpose is to ward off the destruction due to follow the Great Disaster.]

Ubilk: [Yes, that’s correct. In that respect, that purpose is in accord with His Excellency’s.]

The replying Ubilk was devoid of faltering, and Chisha could perceive no falsehoods in his opinion.

If he were to lie here in the first place, it made no sense that he would not lie to make himself, rather than Vincent, look good to Chisha. Even Ubilk would not be too thrilled were he to be killed after carelessly provoking Chisha’s ire, most likely, despite that expression of his suggesting he did not mind being killed at any time.

In addition, even though he had some thoughts on Ubilk’s behavior and perceived him as a nuisance, Vincent’s reasons for not sending Ubilk away were understandable.

Vincent and Ubilk were both working toward the same goal.

Chisha: [It does not seem to me that Ubilk-dono is thinking of preventing the Great Disaster itself. Why is that?]

Ubilk: [Oh, it’s simple. The Great Disaster cannot be postponed. It’ll happen without fail, sort of like a foregone conclusion. My purpose, once the Great Disaster has happened, is to ward off the destruction it brings. In other words…]

Chisha: [In other words?]

Ubilk: [If the Great Disaster doesn’t actually happen, my commandment won’t be fulfilled. For that reason, even if all the factors that’d cause the Great Disaster are destroyed, I’d become said factor.]

That was a fanatical way of thinking , the means and the ends were both mixed up.

Gulping due to that incomprehensible absurdity, the iron fan that was already on Ubilk’s neck was made to dig into it with further force by Chisha. Pointed against a vital point, putting enough force into it would have Ubilk’s throat severed there.

Allowing Ubilk himself to understand this, Chisha’s voice became sharper.

Chisha: [Then it would be best if we remove that factor with our own hands hereee.]

Ubilk: [I wish you wouldn’t, but I’m not gonna stop you. Thooough~ let me tell you one thing, supposing you kill me, the next Stargazer will appear. That’s how it works.]

Chisha: [――――]

Ubilk: [Four major disasters will destroy the world. The opportunity to stop one of them has come. We are terminals of self-purification and self-defense brought about by the stars, and there are infinite substitutes.]

Staring into those eyes from which nothing could be sensed, Chisha ground his teeth.

That there were no threats, no falsehoods, and that Ubilk himself was at least speaking seriously, was something that Chisha could sense.

――In order to ward off the destruction wrought by the Great Disaster, he would make it so the Great Disaster would happen without fail.

A declaration far too absurd, far too illogical, yet it was an invitation to a war of attrition, employing countless lives as shields, that even Vincent was unable to do anything about.

A possibility popped up, however; that perhaps, of some of the Stargazers who had brought commandments thus far themselves had served as sparks, playing a role in the materialization of their prophecies.

But if they were to ascertain this and massacre the Stargazers, eradicating them, being that the conditions for their emergence were not known, it was likely that they would need to murder all those capable of becoming one.

That, would be tantamount to destroying the country.

Ubilk: [His Excellency is admirable. Having attachment to individuals is something that makes up very little part of my nature, but I gotta take my hat off to His Excellency for the way he is. Someone who’s not a Stargazer isn’t capable of being like that .]

Chisha: […Ubilk-dono admiring someone that greatly, what an unfunny jokeee.]

Ubilk: [I truly mean it. There’s no one able to accept their death forewarned by the commandment with peace of mind. And yet His Excellency’s making all preparations for after his own death. Even if he has no hopes left for living, he hasn’t given up fighting. Truly, the King of Sword Wolves.]

Ubilk’s words, muttered solemnly, were a solid expression of his admiration for Vincent.

The Sword Wolf he had spoken of, the “wolf pierced by swords” that was the national emblem of Vollachia, was a celebration of the way of life of a warrior that did not falter even when saddled with life-threatening wounds.

In that sense, as Ubilk had declared, Vincent’s way of life was that of the Sword Wolf itself.

Ubilk: [General First-Class Chisha, I’ve spent all my life with the intent to fulfill my commandment with my entire heart. Buuut~, it’s not like I believe that my commandment is more wonderful than all. In case you’re saying it’s difficult to accept, General First-Class Chisha, it’s okay if you were to try it out.]

Chisha: [Try it out… Exterminating you, Ubilk-dono, and those with the same station you have, you mean?]

Ubilk: [I did state that there are infinite substitutes, but there’s a limit. There are only so many lives. Trying it out with the support of General First-Class Cecilus would be worth the shot.]

Once more, Ubilk’s mind was hard to grasp in regards to just how much of that proposal came from what he truly felt.

For a moment, Chisha did consider it to be a decent idea, proof of just how shaken up he was.

Supposing he did as Ubilk had stated, disclosed that fact to Cecilus and guided him as the latter probably did nothing but babble about it, they may be able to wipe out the citizens of the Empire.

――No, that too was impossible.

Were Vincent to discover that plot, he would halt any nonsense of the sort immediately. Cecilus was a friend, but his priorities were very much fixed within his mind.

For Cecilus, Vincent took precedence over Chisha. And that was the reasoning as to why Cecilus Segmunt was the First, even though his head was not to be trusted one bit when it came to thinking.

Chisha: [Nevertheless, the likes of disclosing this to Cecilus was an option that had not occurred to me, and that is quite laughable, even if I say so myself.]

An out-of-place, deep emotion carved a faint smile onto Chisha’s lips.

Emerging in his head vividly, was Cecilus pouting his lips, protesting vehemently――,

Chisha: [――――]

He suddenly recalled an exchange they’d had one day quite clearly.

Cecilus: [If me and you go at it, Chisha, you’ll die in the blink of an eye for sure; however, what if you start with a thousand men? It might take a thousand seconds!]

Chisha: [I doubt it would. But I understand where you are coming from. While I gain a thousand seconds…]

Cecilus: [His Excellency, or someone else, can fulfill their purpose. My one greatest flaw, as the leading actor of this world, is that there’s only one of me in this world.]

The smiling face of his friend as he spoke of random things came to mind.

Suddenly, he had a thought.

Chisha: [Ubilk-dono, I would like to inquire something of you. ――These commandments you receive, in what way are they brought to you?]

Having been questioned, Ubilk widened his eyes in amazement slightly.

He then cocked his head, regaining his usual atmosphere of meekness that had vanished, and,

Ubilk: [It varies. More often than not, I receive them in something like a dream.]

Chisha: [Then, would that also apply to the commandment regarding the Great Disaster that you have conveyed to His Excellency?]

With the questions piling up, Ubilk nodded with a face of perplexity. Exhaling at that answer, slowly, Chisha gave form to the thoughts that he’d had.

Chisha: [If, in the commandment you have received, the moment His Excellency loses his life is present――]

Pure white vanished, and thus, he painted over his uncertain self that could be dyed in any colour, not just with anyone.

Appearing there was――,

Chisha: [――The Vincent Vollachia that dies there, which one is it, I wondeeer?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Chisha Gold, formerly Chesha Trim, did not consider himself to be someone with a very high sense of loyalty, nor had he pledged unwavering obedience to His Excellency the Emperor.

As none other than Vincent Vollachia himself had stated.

At a time Chisha had been asked if he would be willing to die for Vincent, returning the direct reply that he would not do so.

To keep that in mind as he served him, so had Chisha been told.

In accordance with that declaration, and with those sentiments, Chisha had come to serve Vincent.

Therefore, he would not do anything akin to dying for Vincent’s sake.

Even if he did not pledge unwavering loyalty to Vincent, he pledged a loyalty born of common sense. As one of the people of the Empire, as one of the Generals of the First-Class of the Empire, he also happened to possess some sense of respect towards His Excellency the Emperor.

Conduct that felt as if it ran counter to Vincent’s command, was preposterous.

Hence, Chisha’s choice was something made not for Vincent’s sake, but for all intents and purposes, it had been made for the sake of those very same feelings at the very origin of it all, when he had happened to run into the prince on that road.

Back then, the many people around him had avoided getting involved upon laying eyes on that carriage, which they could tell at a glance had high-class folk riding in it.

They would have been fine with helping out, but if they turned out not to be able to, instead incurring displeasure, their lives would be in jeopardy.

While able to perfectly grasp the thoughts of those people, Chisha had stepped up to the carriage.

It was not as though he had wanted to help people.

However, he had thought it a shame were he to miss out on the opportunity to test his arithmetic and studies, which were said to be useless in the village that was his hometown.

Indeed, the same went this time around.

A chance to get behind the thoughts of Vincent Vollachia, a man whose ingenuity could make anything go according to his hypotheses, would probably never come around again.

Moreover, ever since Vincent Vollachia had been a young child, he had steeled himself to accept that moment with solemnity.

In other words, this was a challenge to partake in a crucial bout on which the life of Vincent Vollachia was staked.

A man whose blood would boil once the gauntlet was thrown down, a man whose spirits would rise more and more upon the realization that his enemy was a mighty one indeed, a man whose soul would ignite as a means to fell his opponent. That was a man of the Empire.

And Chisha Gold, was a man of the Empire.

What sort of feelings, what sort of thoughts had been in Vincent Vollachia’s mind, at the time he had decided to place Chisha under his care, as to learn under him, to become capable of using the same intelligence as himself after his own demise, were unclear.

He did not understand, nor did he want to understand.

Once he understood that he did not understand, he had had many of those hot-headed thoughts.

Vincent had once given a few words on it, that he had experienced those very same thoughts.

And thus――,

Chisha: [The ruin brought about by the Great Disaster… Just what is the Great Disaster, don’t make me laaaugh.]

Labeled as the likes of a mass-scale disaster, it seemed the Great Disaster would somehow try to trample, to plunge the Vollachian Empire into ruination. From Chisha’s point of view however, it was humorous.

The Great Disaster would commence with the death of Vincent Vollachia.

The Great Disaster would not start without Vincent’s death, in other words, the Empire could not be destroyed if he were allowed to live, so had he not already lost before the destruction had started?

Setting Vincent Vollachia aside, what was the destruction to come, what was the Great Disaster?

――Vincent Vollachia, the Seventy-Seventh Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

Chisha: [His Excellency himself is the Vollachian Empire. The utter devastation and ruin of the land after the death of His Excellency is an incredibly absurd, side-splitting, comedy of comedies.]

He ridiculed the yet-unseen Great Disaster with a manner of speech akin to Cecilus.

Ridiculing the Great Disaster that he most likely would never lay eyes upon, he stuck out his tongue.

Chisha: [A dog that seeks to snatch a lowly victory, how can that be the one to kill our Sword Wolf? ――Don’t you dare underestimate Vincent Vollachia, who I supported, who I built up.]

If you are someone who can kill him, then what are you waiting for? If you say you will snatch him away, go for it.

Forewarned ruin and all the like, don’t you dare think that you can destroy our Emperor, our Empire.

That day, when I got the wheel out of the ditch, it was for the sake of this moment.

For the sake of ridiculing this destruction, all of it was――,

Chisha: [――Foreshadowing. Though, I shall absolutely not say such a thing, for if I did, Cecilus would get overly enthused.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――A white light shone dazzlingly within the throne room, and immediately afterward, scarlet blood splattered grandly.

Upon the red carpet, a slender man stood, drenched by the fresh blood that had just been scattered.

The man, donning a ridiculous oni mask on his face, widened his black eyes hidden behind the mask, frozen in shock at the events that had developed in front of him.

And before that man who was standing stock still, the body that had gushed copious amounts of its blood crumbled, toppling to its front.

His chest, lacking any defenses, had been run through from behind, destroying his heart without a shred of mercy, eradicating, ripping away anything and everything necessary for the maintenance of life.

???: [――――]

Unable to support the falling body with his arms, it helplessly collapsed onto the carpet.

With that, the fallen body did not stir, with nary a twitch, nor with even a gulp of air much less any final words.

None may live, having had their hearts pierced.

Consequently, that was an event inevitable, the terminus of fate as was bound to arrive.

???: [――――]

The man had died.

He was Chesha Trim, became Chisha Gold, and finally as Vincent Vollachia, the man had died.

――And that was the entirety of what had transpired, in that moment.

Translation notes:

[1] – Throughout Arc 7, and in scenes that take place before the end of the Imperial Selection Ceremony, Vincent refers to himself with “俺”. However, once he knows victory in the Selection is assured, and sits on the throne, he refers to himself with “余”, which is somewhat of a “royal” pronoun, which has also been utilized by other people of royalty in side content.

[2] “Noh” (能) is a classical Japanese dance-drama with centuries of tradition, in which masks are used to convey the characteristics of the characters in the play, albeit they are usually only worn by the main actor. For more information, see here .

--- Chapter 108: The Forthcoming Great Disaster ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The final act of Chisha Gold, posing as the Emperor, was beyond comprehension.

???: [――――]

Having been ousted from the throne, Vincent Vollachia began giving his name as Abel, gained support from the People of Shudraq in the large forest to the east, and personally took the lead of a rebellion that had upheaved the Empire.

This was not what he had hoped for when planning for the future, but this was rather Chisha’s plan, who had deliberately gone the full length, committing treason, thus driving Vincent away from the Imperial Capital. He would not do an about-face so easily.

Therefore, he had taken measures to clearly inform him that his actions, that his motives were futile.

Destined death, brought about by the Stargazers, was something that Abel had resolved himself for long ago, from the time he gained self-awareness as an Imperial Prince of Vollachia.

When commandment and forewarning were received, it was foretold that upon the death of the Emperor who had ascended to the throne, the Great Disaster, which was to bring about ruin, would commence.

It was not as though he himself had been mentioned by name.

However, once he laid eyes upon that forewarning, he had been convinced that he would be the one to ascend to the seat of Emperor.

He had been convinced that, were it not him, the Vollachian Empire could not be saved.

To his other brothers and sisters, he could not entrust that great duty.

Putting the entirety of his capabilities and his potential into it, Vincent Abellux would take the seat of Emperor, and as Vincent Vollachia, he would take measures for the Empire to not be undone.

That was the plan that Vincent Vollachia, that Abel had staked his life on.

He had restored the system of the Nine Divine Generals, whom everyone worshipped in the Vollachian Empire where the strong were revered, and upon their apex, he had placed the unmistakable strongest.

Distorting the way of being of the Empire, rife with senseless barbarism as it was, he had guided them so that they would lose their reluctance regarding orderly violence.

Thus leaving as much potential as he possibly could so that the Vollachian Empire would survive, even after his death.

Everything, had been part of the plan on which he had staked his life.

Abel: [――――]

The body, unable to do anything but lie face down, continued to spill vast volumes of blood from its chest, its heart having been pierced.

Black hair and black eyes; each time he looked in the mirror, his face made him feel anger and frustration at his lack of power, his lack of knowledge. That face had been deprived of blood, its expression soaked in blood as it gazed at nowhere in particular.

His current body, manifested through the Noh which he had professed to have attained while on the verge of death, a time at which his color had vanished, did not return to his original form, even once his life had come to an end.

Nevermore would he lay eyes upon that form, nevermore would that impudent speech strike his eardrums again.

Nevermore.

Abel: [Why.]

A question that ought not be asked, spilled from his lips.

The one who was to answer that question, would never open their mouth once more. Even so, the lips that were supposed to avoid all that their owner knew to be meaningless, spilled that question.

The prophecy of the Great Disaster, it was conceivable that it could be overturned were one to be aware of its conditions.

He had sought out that method in the past. He had conveyed so to him, that ought to have made him understand that it could not be done. And yet, as Chisha had still not been convinced, he had committed treason in vain.

In this way, the confrontation they’d had within the throne room ought to have been proof that no means with which to avoid the Great Disaster existed.

He had trained Chisha, so that he could entrust him with the Empire after his own demise. To think as he did, to arrive at the same conclusions as he did, in order for him to be able to fulfill being a proxy of Vincent Vollachia.

Therefore, were he truly Vincent Vollachia, he was supposed to have accepted defeat with grace.

Accepting defeat and lowering weapons, putting an end to this futile battle, restoring the throne to the returned Abel so the latter could welcome death, and then, with that, he would supposedly oppose the Great Disaster of ruin.

That had not come to pass. A foolish gamble it had been.

Even if he were to die in Abel’s place, as Vincent Vollachia, were the Great Disaster to not deem it acceptable, it would amount to a foolish gamble that had ended in naught but a useless death.

That especially was what Abel abhorred, a death inefficient to the utmost extremes.

Even though Chisha Gold had presumably been aware of that.

Abel: [Why.]

Endless doubt and bewilderment, stained a deep scarlet by the flowing blood.

Even if he asked once more, there would only be another layer of silence piled on, gone without replies. That too, was what Abel loathed, inefficiency to the utmost extremes, and then――,

???: [――Well, ain’t that just ‘cause it was a bad plan?]

Immediately after, a second shot of white light was fired, zipping straight towards Abel, who stood bolt upright.

△▼△▼△▼△

Calling it light was no falsehood, the blow that brought death aimed for Abel faster than an arrow.

To begin with, Abel was not a fighter.

Even supposing the shock from the immediately preceding event had already passed, it would have been entirely impossible for him to react to the white radiance that had grazed the edge of his vision for nary a moment.

Ergo, what had saved Abel’s life in that moment, was not a judgment of his own.

???: [――――]

It came to pass right as Abel was on the verge of being run through by the light approaching him from the front, about to have his heart extirpated.

A roaring sound and violent tremors furiously shook the throne room―― Nay, the entire Crystal Palace, and a tremendous impact destroyed its firm walls. The origin of the impact did not stop at just destroying the wall, and wedged its way between Abel, who was standing bolt upright, and the corona zipping towards him.

With a sound akin to a splash of water, the white light was scattered upon hitting that interference. And thus, that which had saved Abel’s life by a hairbreadth was――,

Abel: [――An enormous arm, is that Moguro Hagane!?]

Moguro: [Man at throne, protect. His Excellency, ordered me.]

The wall-esque object that had made a sudden appearance before Abel’s eyes, was the right arm of Moguro Hagane, which had been thrust into the throne room.

Moguro, a Meteor also known as the very Crystal Palace itself, was supposed to be participating in a fierce clash unfolding upon the battlefield, having taken in the ramparts of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana as their own body.

And yet――,

Abel: [Was it Chisha…!?]

Moguro’s earlier statement was proof of the fact that they had received orders to protect Abel.

Then, the one to direct Moguro to return from far away had been the one who sat upon the throne possessing the function of exerting influence on the Meteor; none other than Chisha Gold could have done so.

That Abel’s life would once more be targeted right after he himself had been shot, had been his prediction.

Abel: [――Hk, Moguro Hagane! Bring me outside!]

Moguro: [Who, you. My, priority, His Excellency――]

Abel: [The Emperor has died! If I die, his death shall be in vain!]

Moguro: [――――]

Taking in those domineering words from Abel, Moguro noticed the collapsed silhouette as they peered into the throne room.

Moguro’s state was such that it was difficult to tell where their eyes were present. Once the green orbs emerging from the city walls flickered, however, they too recognized the death of the Emperor, who had collapsed face-down.

Moguro: [The body――]

Abel: [It is superfluous! Worry not for the dead!]

Shouting at Moguro as they attempted to retrieve the Emperor’s corpse, Abel jumped towards the titanic right-arm before him. As he clung onto one of the fingers of the hand-like shape, Moguro pulled their arm out of the throne room, causing Abel to be bathed in raging winds as he was extracted out into the sky.

Moguro: [――――]

Moguro had become one with the ramparts, having altered the latter’s structure to allow themself easier movement.

Moguro’s body was now that of an enormous golem greater than fifty meters tall, and riding on the arm as it was lifted, Abel’s elevation was about the same.

With the cityscape of the Imperial Capital in sight from that height, the path Moguro had taken from the third bastion that they had been protecting alongside the buildings trampled in said path was visible. It was apparent that they had bolted straight towards this place, devoid of any other concerns.

Apart from that, though the battles at each bastion were still ongoing, the reasons for their conflicts had vanished already, and so those who needed to prepare for the upcoming battle were squandering their lives in vain.

In vain, their lives were――.

Abel: [――Hk.]

A disturbance arose in his thoughts, and Abel put strength into his arms clinging onto the gargantuan rock.

This was not the time to cling to bygone events and have his thoughts dispersed into many fragments. Already, events were unfolding. It was just as he had told Moguro. ――If he were to die now, that death would be in vain.

At the very least, he must ascertain whether that death had held meaning or not.

Abel: [I shall not die.]

Voice leaked as if being wrung out, and Abel bit down on his molars and stared downwards, intently.

Even if he raised his voice here, it would not reach those whose lives were clashing on the battleground. However, he must inform them that the meaning in this battle had been lost, by any means necessary.

Moguro: [Danger.]

As Abel was thinking, Moguro’s gale-like voice struck his eardrums.

Their difference in their physique was so significant that each and every single one of Moguro’s actions was akin to a human’s actions towards an ant. However, it was not as though Moguro had rocked his eardrums without purpose.

Gyrating their colossal frame, Moguro turned their back on the Crystal Palace with Abel protected in their right hand. As sounds of successive impacts resounded from the exterior of the right hand he was held in, Abel’s cheeks contorted.

The sequence of strikes came not from one direction, rather, they were raining down from all angles.

The enemy was simply great in numbers. ――No, a collection of magic users that could aim for their enemies with such precision, would be infeasible on this soil of Vollachia.

That was to say, this was not a group large in number, but the mastery of a single person.

A truly powerful individual who lent the illusion that a great number of people were performing a simultaneous attack from all directions―― resuscitating the memories of the time when his thoughts had ground to a halt due to shock just before, Abel raised his face.

That fighting style, the voice of that undesired reply, were present in his memories.

That was――,

Abel: [――――]

Moguro twisted their body, defending Abel from the downpour of bullets, and descended.

Looking up at the sky from within that fist, he saw the traces of a shadow moving too fast for eyes to fix upon. Albeit exceedingly rare, it was a form that could be seen within the Vollachian Empire.

Soaring by means of flying dragons, ‘twas the acrobatic flight of the flying dragon riders able to control them―― Nay, there were currently no riders in the Empire capable of gliding through the sky at this speed.

To be precise, that was the level of ability known as the “utmost limits of flight”, the domain where the Empire’s strongest flying dragon rider was without peer.

In an instant, white light dispersed, the sound of Moguro’s enormous body being broken by the impact reverberated, and a part of the broken wall grazed Abel’s cheek. Without distorting his countenance due to the pain, he saw it.

The flying dragon rider passed by the vision of his black eyes covered by the oni mask―― Ashen-brown hair, cracks running through his features bereft of color, and dark eyeballs, akin to a moonless night, with a golden radiance looming therein.

His form appeared far too unrecognizable, but even so, there was no mistaking him.

Abel: [――Balleroy Temeglyph! For what reason are you alive!?]

Balleroy: [I ain’t gonna talk to ya, Mister Oni-Mask.]

Producing a beautiful voice that gave off an elegant impression, he refused to reply while still affirming his existence.

Fading from sight once again, the enemy that steered his flying dragon to slice through the air―― Balleroy Temeglyph, was unmistakably the perpetrator who had aimed for the throne room of the Crystal Palace from the outside, the one who had shot the fake Emperor through the heart.

Known as the Magical Sharpshooter, he was the man who reigned supreme at the apex of all flying dragon riders. [1]

The former Ninth of the Nine Divine Generals, who in the past, during a rebellion that had occurred within the Empire――,

Moguro: [Balleroy, died. You, fake.]

Their perception the same as Abel’s, the giant Moguro fired a counterattack.

With Abel enveloped by their right-hand, Moguro swung the left arm of their huge body, and quite literally mowing down the air, they launched an attack towards Balleroy’s flying dragon.

People would tend to believe that big things moved sluggishly, but that was but an illusion originating from their viewpoints being far away from the events.

In addition to protecting Abel from the magic sniping, they had blocked the entirety of the enemy’s attacks until this point. Moguro’s movements were keen, nimble, and precise.

Moguro: [Fast. Meticulous.]

However, even with Moguro’s reflexes and agility, subduing Balleroy, who made the entirety of the sky into his domain as he flew around it, was unfeasible.

The special trait of a flying dragon rider was not restricted to just speed, but extended to having the potential to move up, down, left, right, front, and back. To move in every conceivable direction, was their greatest advantage that could not be taken away lest they were felled to the surface.

On top of that, Balleroy was no ordinary flying dragon rider, he was their apex.

Abel: [He’s clad himself in wind…!]

Balleroy’s tactics excelled in sniping while moving via the use of magic, but his strengths as one of the rare wielders of magic within the Empire were not limited to only offensive implementations.

By shrouding wind around the flying dragon he steered, he actualized a maneuver that other flying dragon riders could not, increasing its speed and softening the impacts it took, making himself unable to ever be caught.

However, in order to put it into practice, a strong coordination with his flying dragon was indispensable.

Abel: [Has that flying dragon also soared back from the beyond!?]

Flying dragon riders boasted tremendous strength in battle, but their greatest drawbacks were that it took time to cultivate them, plus that flying dragons would not let anyone apart from the one they chose as a partner ride upon their back.

To kill a flying dragon rider, their flying dragon must first be killed. The cause of Balleroy’s death was no exception.

However, Balleroy had soared back. Quite literally, he was soaring through the sky together with his beloved dragon.

Abel: [The Great Disaster――]

It was not as though any clear or observable damage had arisen.

However, since Chisha had lost his life as Vincent Vollachia, there was no choice but to suspect that the events transcending human comprehension that had ensued thereafter were related to the Great Disaster.

Even so, it was nonsensical for Balleroy Temeglyph to be the bearer of the Great Disaster.

Of course, Balleroy was the apex of flying dragon riders, a truly powerful individual amongst the Empire’s strongest.

Were he inclined to do so, he would have no trouble in doing away with Abel’s life.

And yet――,

Moguro: [Shaking. Endure.]

Abel: [It matters not, do it!]

The inorganic voice sent forth an intense wind, and Abel raised his own voice in response.

The following moment, Moguro, lunging with the enemy as their aim, thrust their arm down to their own feet. Even if those were called “feet”, looking at Moguro’s currently enormous body, it appeared as if they had become one with the street.

Posterior to being plunged into a street of the Empire, the left arm produced a creaking sound, and after a moment of resistance, the street that had been uprooted was magnificently heaved into the sky.

Abel: [――――]

The sight of parts of a district being sent flying was something that Abel had laid eyes upon a short while at Chaosflame, priorly. It had been an absurd sight back then as well, but it had been nothing more than the city’s residents coming together to hurl demolished buildings.

However, in Moguro’s case, that was a feat of strength devoid of intricacy, an unmistakable act of violence.

It was a sight that proved that Moguro Hagane was extraordinary, that proved that he was one of the Nine Divine Generals.

Without doubt, Balleroy too was an extraordinary individual, but Moguro, in addition to the other Divine Generals, also possessed those same qualifications. Therefore, Balleroy could not be capable of being the bearer of the Great Disaster.

Of course, were the street that had been ripped from the ground to be hurled and nothing more, the astute Balleroy would just evade and be done with it.

Hence, with the block of the city that could be called a cannonball having been thrown, Moguro――,

Moguro: [Pulverization.]

A slam of their left arm, and it was turned into innumerable projectiles obstructing Balleroy’s aerial escape path.

Shrapnel scattered in all directions, each piece a mass of rock or clump of soil even larger than a human. Thus dispersing with that singular blow from Moguro, it was such that an ordinary human would be quite likely to suffer fatal injury with even a mere graze.

Naturally, if Balleroy were to be struck by it, even he, who had mastered the Flow Method, would end up showing a fatal opening in midair. In order to avoid that,

Balleroy: [Carillon!]

In accordance with the sharp voice amidst the windstorm, his flying dragon soared in order to slip past the bullet rain of boulders.

Flapping its wings as it diced the air, his flying dragon aimed for the one area in the world where the incessant downpour of boulders was slightly weaker――,

Abel: [Obviously, that is a trap.]

Moguro had deliberately left a region in which the downpour was slightly weaker, however, even if Balleroy and Carillon were aware that it was a ruse, they could not afford to be hit by the shrapnel, so they had no choice but to fly into it.

What remained was whether Balleroy, riding his beloved dragon at a high speed, would be victorious in evading the blow expected from Moguro.

With his flying dragon wrapped in wind, Balleroy accelerated, soaring through the sky as he obliterated the obstructive shrapnel with lights.

Moguro gyrated the left arm they had drawn back, and a blow that could drill a hole through the world burrowed through the sky of the Imperial Capital.

As mutual Divine Generals, a duel that could have never been realized in Balleroy’s lifetime unfolded, and as both of them crossed with all of their might up high in the air, they began their showdown――,

――That instant, faster than they could crash into one another, the clouds of the Imperial Capital were blown away with the sound of an explosion and its shockwave.

Abel: [――Hk.]

Though direct damage from the explosive power had been averted, the aftershock was so intense that it seemed like it would tear Abel’s body away from clinging to Moguro.

But, no matter how harsh a situation his slender body faced, Abel would never close both his eyes. Henceforth, his eyes firmly grasped the events of that moment.

Abel: [Moguro’s, arm――]

Just before Moguro’s gyrating left arm was able to display its might by pulverizing Balleroy, an interference occurred, and the part equivalent to a human’s brachium was torn asunder.

Spinning with vigor, the arm of Moguro, humongous enough to rival the castle’s own size, danced through the air. Leisurely slipping out by flying under the damage, Balleroy had survived the rain of shrapnel―― Not just that, he had escaped completely unharmed.

Then, the one that had destroyed Moguro’s arm, thus saving Balleroy from his predicament was――,

???: [Oh, OHHHHHHHHHHHHH――!!!]

As a deep voice that rumbled the atmosphere was raised, there was a fierce collision, an impact from the side. Arm demolished and posture broken, Moguro’s green orbs scintillated at what had barged in.

For Abel too, this interference had been unforeseen. Though, it was something to be expected.

After all, if the opponent was Balleroy Temeglyph, who had soared back from death.

???: [BASTARD! GET THE FRIG’ AWAY FROM THIS DRAGON’S DARLIIIIIIING――!!!]

Brandishing claws of a dragon, it easily tore through Moguro’s body, fashioned from the city walls, and alongside a roar, a blow from its tail slammed against Moguro, destroying one part, the latter’s mass being reduced in the blink of an eye.

It was extremely abrupt, but that was a matter of course. ――The opponent was of the strongest lifeforms in existence.

Abel: [The Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia… is that which resides within, Madelyn Eschart!?]

Mezoreia: [RAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH――!]

The howling Dragon raged with its whole body, and with a collision caused Moguro’s enormous build to sway greatly. With each blow the ramparts fissured, its broken pieces plummeting onto the Imperial Capital.

The Crystal Palace, extolled as the world’s most beautiful castle, had its gardens trampled upon, subjected to devastation, while the cityscape of the Imperial Capital, constructed in a well-arranged, orderly fashion, met its demise with each passing second.

In addition, the catastrophes assailing the Imperial Capital did not end there.

Abel: [――――]

Indistinguishable amongst the thunderous sounds of the Dragon’s wrath as it laid waste to Moguro’s body, what had reached Abel’s ears was the sound of destruction, akin to the world crumbling, originating from a distant location.

Thus directing his gaze there, to behind the Crystal Palace―― where a reservoir was present, a cistern which made use of springs amidst the mountains and was utilized as a water source for the entire Imperial Capital, had its bulwark pierced through by Moguro’s left arm, that had been cleaved just moments before.

A beat later, fissures expanded from the point the arm had penetrated, and the water from the reservoir began seeping out from the cracks. Gradually amassing vigor, before long the entire dam would crumble and become a stream of mud flowing through the Imperial Capital.

Guiding the residents of the Imperial Capital, as well as the Imperial Soldiers and rebels participating in the battle, to refuge as soon as possible was――.

Moguro: [――Blunder.]

Right after hearing Moguro’s whisper, a mutter not all that quiet, a feeling of floating assailed Abel’s body.

Looking over his shoulder as he felt his insides rising up, Abel saw that it was not that he had been thrown, but rather, that Moguro’s arm, the hand of which Abel had been held in, had been crunched through by the Dragon above the wrist.

It was not that he had been targeted. Rather, it had been nothing more than a result of a foolhardy attack.

However――,

Abel: [――Oh.]

Engulfed by the momentum of his freefall, Abel’s body spun around over in midair.

His arms, which had been clinging onto Moguro’s arm, had been detached from it, but even if he were still hanging onto it, given the arm had originally been the city’s walls, it would have ended up being his cause of death, most likely.

However, even if Moguro’s arm had not become his cause of death, at this rate, Abel would slam into something that was very much similar to it, and similar his fate would be.

Abel: [I need to――]

Find something ; looking around, Abel’s eyes were drawn to one point.

However, that point was not a source of aid.

What had entered Abel’s vision was the large hole in the Crystal Palace through which Moguro had pulled him out.

The hole led to the throne room. He was unable to peer inside, yet his attention was drawn to it.

He had been the one to say “worry not for the dead”, yet he too had pretty much drunk from the same poison.

Abel: [――――]

He did not know whether he had found a way to break through the deadlock or not, even with that sole second.

But that he had not squandered that one second was proof of Abel’s unrelenting spirit, the indelible scar engraved upon his soul for all perpetuity.

Then again, if he were to plunge to his death like this, discussing the scar engraved upon his soul would have no merit.

???: [Pull――!!]

Abel: [――Hk!?]

Lost in what he ought to do, Abel arranged his limbs as to diminish the impact, but before that could happen, he was forcefully met with a soft sensation.

Unconsciously holding his breath, Abel’s body rebounded, and he fell on top of that sensation once again. Repeating that countless times for a brief moment, Abel came to notice he was bouncing on a spread-out cloth.

Someone had spread out piles of cloth beneath the descending Abel, thus catching his fall.

Digesting the reality of his narrow escape from death, Abel rolled off the cloth right away, and off its edge he placed a foot on firm ground. While on one knee, he raised his face in order to ascertain the doer of said deed――,

???: [――Weeeell~, the time for the commandment has arrived!]

Abel: [――――]

???: [Are you His Excellency, or perhaps His Excellency? Either way, the Great Disaster has come around! Won’t you fight against the Great Disaster together with me!?]

Are you really so delighted with the fulfillment of the prophecy?

Spreading his arms, both his demeanor and voice were joyful and far too out-of-place, with the battle between the titanic Moguro and the Cloud Dragon causing the demolition of the city to his back, the man―― Ubilk, smiled.

Celebrating the moment in which the commandment he had been granted as a Stargazer, had, without a doubt, been materialized.

△▼△▼△▼△

The thunderous boom of the walls breaking reverberated, violently shaking the Crystal Palace. Upon being convinced that something decisive had occurred, Berstetz Fondalfon entered the throne room.

And then――,

Berstetz: [――Is that, Chisha-dono?]

The wall of the throne room had crumbled, and amidst the freshly scattered dust, Berstetz found the form of the black-haired Emperor toppled atop the scarlet carpet, thus lowering the corners of his slit eyes in gloom.

Walking closer towards it, he saw that the body, collapsed face-down, had been punctured on its chest. The heart that ought to have been beating within had exploded, the thread of life had been cut.

Though he was not a military officer, he understood with a glance. It had been an instant death. There had been no time to even feel pain.

Berstetz: [Considering what we have done, this could be said to be quite the merciful end.]

Ever since he had committed treason, raising a rebellion against the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia, Berstetz had resigned himself to the fact that his death would not be a peaceful one whatsoever.

As an accomplice, Chisha should have steeled a similar resolve as well.

But then again――,

Berstetz: [Though, from my discussion with the Stargazer, it seems you had set your eyes on something different than me.]

Though a clear act of treachery, Berstetz had no intent of condemning it.

Rather, his true feelings were those of admiration.

In order to gain that which one desired, they must exhaust all of their strength in attempted pursuit; such was the Empire’s essence.

Neither Berstetz nor Chisha possessed the fighting strength needed to abide by the Empire’s mantra, but they were alike in the sense that they both compensated for what they lacked with their ingenuity.

The new form of the Empire constructed by the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia, had also recognized and certified that as a form of strength.

Berstetz had also approved of that way of doing things in the Empire, and adhering to it, Chisha had made a magnificent example.

With his own strength. ――As a man of the Vollachian Empire, that was a deed of honor.

Berstetz: [Although, it seems it will be difficult to find the time to speak words of praise.]

Looking down at the corpse, Berstetz gazed at the hole in the wall where a gale was blowing in. On the other side, he could ascertain the presence of an enormous body, colored like rocks, in motion―― the presence of Moguro Hagane.

Given these circumstances, it would be strange if Moguro had killed Chisha.

In his position, Moguro was supposedly an ally of Chisha, the latter playing the part of Emperor. Chisha’s cause of death had been a blow through the chest, but it would have been impossible for Moguro’s giant body to execute a strike with such precision.

If there was concern to be had, it was of the strange words that the Stargazer―― that Ubilk, had left behind as he passed by Berstetz, the outside of the Crystal Palace the place he was heading to.

Berstetz: [The Great Disaster, and the ruin it brings… Just, what is it that I am unaware of in the Empire?]

???: [――My my, has nobody informed you? In that case, shall I fill you in?]

Berstetz: [――――]

His cheeks stiffening upon suddenly hearing a voice, Berstetz slowly turned his gaze back.

His eyes, directed towards the large hole, turned back to the collapsed remains of the Emperor. Then, he cast his gaze further upwards, to the deepest part of the throne room―― to the throne.

Even as the entire castle yet shook from the impacts, the throne went without moving, firm in its position. As the national flag depicting the Sword Wolf swayed in the wind, before it was a silhouette, resting chin in hand.

Augustly sitting on the throne where His Excellency the Emperor ought to be sat, the figure looked down upon Berstetz. [2]

Berstetz: [――Wha…]

Properly speaking, Berstetz should have raised a stern voice, should have reproached the disrespect of the person sat upon the throne.

However, he was incapable of doing so. It was true that he had been rendered speechless due to the shock, but above that, Berstetz did not possess the qualifications to reproach them.

In this Vollachian Empire, the position of Prime Minister ranked second after the Emperor and the Imperial Family in terms of authority.

It was possible to say that the Generals of the First-Class extolled as the Nine Divine Generals held a similar rank, but more important was the fact that there was almost nobody in the country that Berstetz, with the position of Prime Minister, could not reproach.

Nevertheless, Berstetz had been unable to rebuke the other party.

The reason was――,

???: [To think you would yet live, you are quite tenacious, Berstetz. ――Say, who won the Imperial Selection Ceremony? Vincent-niisama? Or was it Prisca?]

Cracks formed on her pale and beautiful face, the member of the Imperial Family of Vollachia spoke.

The master whom Berstetz Fondalfon had served priorly, the Imperial Princess who was supposed to have perished, having suffered defeat in the Imperial Selection Ceremony, Lamia Godwin, leisurely crossed her legs atop the throne.

Translation note:

[1] – Balleroy’s title of “Magical Sharpshooter” (魔弾の射手) directly translates to “Marksman of Magic Bullets”. However, the Japanese title is also the localized name of a German Opera called “Der Freischütz”, which itself is based on a tale in German folklore of the same name. As the tale goes, a marksman obtains several magic bullets through a contract with the devil, which will always hit the desired target of the marksman, however, the final bullet is controlled by the devil. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freisch%C3%BCtz

[2] – Though translated here as “augustly”, the japanese term (畏れ多くも) can mean both “gracious” and “discourteous”.

--- Chapter 109: Sword Wolf of the Empire ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

He was reminded of an aggravating affair.

As per his recollections, Petra had been the one talking.

Petra: [The Master has a very bad personality. His speech is shabby, he pesters people, and he seems to enjoy being scolded, which is weird at times, but he is really good at teaching.]

Being unable to unfairly demean a person because she did not like them was Petra’s nature, even though she was not willing to admit it.

Garfiel and Petra were close in age, so was it perhaps safe to say they were even friends? He liked Petra’s noble nature, no wonder Frederica was so taken with her.

In terms of loss-prone personalities, Garfiel’s love for Subaru and Otto was probably of the same vein. After all, blood proved the siblings.

If so, Garfiel had to admit that too.

Roswaal L. Mathers was a love rival, a malcontent in the Camp who had plotted unforgivable misdeeds, and a natural enemy that he had never liked since long ago.

Still, Roswaal’s teachings were spot on, and that had kept him alive.

Roswaal: [Garfiel, that’s a shuriken . It’s coated with poison. Even if you avoid it, it’ll explode. What is the right move?]

Garfiel: [You’re a tad slow, ain’t’cha!]

Howling, Garfiel stomped on the ground, and immediately afterward, the earth rose up to protect the two of them as a shield. The light sound of a shuriken piercing into the wall of earth, followed by the sound of an explosion, scorched the atmosphere.

As Roswaal had predicted, correctly so, damage could not have been avoided had it been parried with his gauntlets.

His sharp fangs creaked due to that fact――,

Garfiel: [Who’s next?]

Roswaal: [I am.]

With an immediate answer to his question, Garfiel turned to Roswaal behind him.

A moment later, Roswaal used the sai in both his hands to knock away a kunai thrown at him. Seeing a shadow flashing above his head, Garfiel launched his fist in its direction, bereft of hesitation.

There was a ringing sound, and the strike of Garfiel’s fist was met with a kick with the outer part of a foot, delivered mid-flip.

That attack had been unleashed by Olbart, who had ceased his skull-shattering attack on Roswaal’s head. The monstrous old man countered Garfiel’s fists with his legs, all while saying,

Olbart: [Damn, this really is turnin’ out ta be a problem. Ain’t two against one unfair?]

Garfiel: [Don’t try ‘n change the rules now, old fart!]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! I’m free ta say anythin’ I wanna.]

Drawing back his foot from where it had impacted the fist, and using it as a springboard, Olbart leapt towards the back. For a moment, Garfiel was about to step forward to follow up,

Garfiel: [――――]

A shuriken , swooping in from his side, passed right under his nose as he stopped, slashing through the air.

Letting it sail by, Garfiel exhaled deeply. Roswaal, right next to Garfiel, changed his expression as he re-gripped his sai .

Garfiel’s lips curved at the sight.

Garfiel: [What’cha smilin’ at?]

Roswaal: [Nothing, nothing. Well, I was just admiring the remarkable speed of your growth. Even without me saying anything, you’ve managed to anticipate the surprise attack just now. You’re learning things as you fight.]

Garfiel: [You’re sayin’ I’m just bein’ sly, ain’t’cha? And my amazin’ self ain’t gonna be as shitty as you or that old man.]

Roswaal: [It takes talent to be nefarious, you know. The way I see it, you don’t have the predisposition to be nefarious. You’re about on par with Emily.]

Garfiel: [Of course not! Don’t put me in the same basket as her!]

He snapped at Roswaal’s remark, but after he himself voiced that out loud, he reflected, concluding that that reaction would have possibly hurt Emilia had she heard it.

Either way, his mind was on Emilia and the other members of the Camp who were probably on the battlefield like Garfiel, and on those who were fighting alongside them. He took a deep breath as he thought of Heinkel and the Shudraqian women, as he thought of Ram’s safety as well, the latter having joined them.

Olbart: [Ya got a lotta time on yer hands, don’t’cha? Yer people are in a tough spot, ain’t they? I’m sure we got a stronger lineup than ya do.]

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

Olbart’s words frustrated Garfiel’s attempts to regain his composure and face the situation.

The feeling of having one’s mind read would make one suspicious that their intentions could be predicted on the battlefield, a situation most undesirable.

But next to the impatient Garfiel, Roswaal shrugged,

Roswaal: [Your opponent wants you to get heated. In your case, that could eliminate any hesitation, but it’s not good to mix impurities into your fervor. In addition…]

Garfiel: [In addition?]

Roswaal: [He’s been quite chatty to begin with, but haven’t the number of attempts to deceive us through words increased? Seems like the old man is also getting quite irritated.]

Olbart: [――. You’re a disgustin’ young’un, ain’t’cha?]

As he spoke, the glint in Olbart’s long, brow-covered eyes took on a shine of vexation.

And, after hearing Roswaal’s statement, Garfiel realized an obvious truth―― His opponent was as annoyed by this battle dragging on as he himself was.

Olbart laughed, provoked, teased, not because he could afford to, but because he wanted his opponents to believe that he had room to, so that he would gain the mental upper hand.

Whereas with Garfiel, his feelings could immediately be seen in his face, voice, and fur.

Thus, in this sort of psychological warfare, one could win in the blink of an eye by leading their opponent by the nose.

Roswaal: [Even so, you can win provided you surpass your opponent’s strength and they play on the same field you do. However…]

Garfiel: [I know. If a bastard stronger than my amazin’ self only fights in the field you’re good at, then no matter how hard I try, I won’t be able to see a way to win. But…]

The fact that Garfiel was now fighting in the Vollachian Empire was the result of a rather unfortunate combination of various coincidental events.

However, what the dice had rolled mattered not; there was no denying the reality before him.

And in the years to come, battles comparable to this one in the Empire could befall him without end, as long as he was with Emilia and Subaru.

That was to say――,

Garfiel: [――Done with whinin’.]

Roswaal: [Mhm, that’s right. That’s good. This is the end of your boyhood.]

Garfiel wrinkled his nose at Roswaal’s histrionics.

For Garfiel, being congratulated or praised for his growth by Roswaal was nothing to be happy about. However, he liked that expression, “end of boyhood”.

From this point onward, Garfiel would continue forward as someone who had matured.

Olbart: [――Dear, oh dear. This is why I hate young’uns. Unlike this old man who’s got no room ta grow, y’all can reach enlightenment on a dime.]

As he twisted his neck and shook the ankle of the foot that he had off the ground, Olbart sighed.

However, the Vicious Old Man’s light-hearted derogation contained genuine hostility. ――Yes, hostility. Up till this moment, Olbart had considered Garfiel to be of a lower rank, aiming to eliminate him.

It was proof that Garfiel had finally been recognized as an enemy.

Garfiel: [Finally…]

Garfiel’s blood was red-hot with enthusiasm for earning the right to go toe-to-toe with Olbart.

He breathed in through his nose again, loudly and deeply, and exhaled through his mouth. Then, he became conscious of the blood circulating in his body and his power that could not be seen――.

Olbart: [Ahhn?]

Suddenly, a dumb-sounding voice was uttered, disturbing Garfiel’s concentration.

It had been uttered by Olbart standing in front of him; for a moment he believed it to be a shinobi technique to disturb his composure. However, it was not.

Because, that opening had been born in Olbart, rather.

Garfiel: [――――]

He was the head honcho of the shinobi. The opening that had arisen was as small as the eye of a needle, but Garfiel could not help but gasp, as he had never shown such laxness before.

What in the world had brought it about――,

???: [――Waitwaitwait! It’s unfair to withdraw in the middle like this, it’s a waste, you’re not reading the mood! Pretty sure I’m right on the mark on you being even more unable to read the mood than I, aren’t I!?]

There was a figure running across the battlefield, raising a noisy voice and leaving behind a cloud of dust.

A small boy who gave the impression that he was out-of-place on the battlefield was calling out in a shrill, high-pitched voice from a considerable distance―― However, the speed at which he ran was unusual.

The screaming boy was looking up at the sky, chasing a huge being as it flapped its wings.

Garfiel understood at first glance that it was the Dragon that had landed on another battlefield a distance away from here. He understood that, but this situation where boy and Dragon were playing tag was one beyond his comprehension.

A battlefield where anything could happen, although he had a strong hunch on that――,

Olbart: […Why’s that bastard Ceci so small?]

Garfiel’s eyes narrowed at the incomprehensible sight, but a subdued voice reached his ears.

Olbart, standing on one leg and still yielding an opening akin to the eye of a needle, was distracted by the Dragon and the boy―― or rather, the screaming boy.

And then――,

Olbart: [Well, Chesshy, you’ve taken my color, haven’t’cha?]

The old man’s clouded eyes filled with surprise and suspicion, after which they eventually turned clear and were instead filled with anger.

It was an emotional change that had lasted less than ten seconds, yet he had no idea what thought process had brought forth this change in Olbart.

But, if it was one of only a handful of openings that the Vicious Old Man had made in his life, the devious Roswaal was not going to overlook it.

Roswaal: [――You must really be unaware of the situation if you can afford to look away from him with how he is right now.]

Thrusting the tip of the sai he was tightly grasping, Roswaal stepped into the needle-thin opening which had arisen.

His immediate reaction disturbed, the strike grazed Olbart’s left shoulder as he twisted around. The speeding mass of iron had connected with Olbart’s shoulder, causing the old man to gnash his teeth as his diminutive figure melted into the ground.

It was the technique of swimming through the earth, which he had displayed several times during this battle.

But――,

Roswaal: [Garfiel!]

Garfiel: [I know!]

As irritating as Roswaal’s advice was, he could already see the strategy in the making.

After all, Garfiel’s Divine Protection of Earth Spirits was a Divine Protection that drew Mana from the ground via the soles of his feet. In other words, it connected him to the earth.

Even if an opponent was under the ground, if he concentrated, tracking their position would be――.

Garfiel: [――Ah?]

Suddenly, all the hairs on Garfiel’s body stood on end as he was seized by a strange sensation.

He felt a repulsive sensation, as if his neck was being licked by a tongue which felt strangely coarse. That sensation was not coming from Olbart in front of him, but from a much larger, wider area.

Roswaal: [Garfiel?]

In response to the motionless Garfiel, Roswaal raised a questioning voice.

Not entirely in response to Olbart’s earlier comment, Garfiel also yielded an opening. An opening that the monstrous old man would surely have exploited.

However, there was no attack. On the contrary――,

Roswaal: [The traces of the old man, they vanished?]

Roswaal muttered, frowning his shapely brow and going without relaxing the grip on his sai .

He was correct; signs of Olbart’s presence were supposed to be there, but none were present. Of course, the opponent was a shinobi. He likely knew how to hide his presence to the greatest possible extent.

Yet, that was not the case. Olbart’s presence below ground seemed to be getting distant.

He was moving away from Garfiel and Roswaal at breakneck speed, and then――,

Garfiel: [What the fuck‘s this feelin’…]

Roswaal: [Garfiel, the old man is――]

Garfiel: [It’s strange, disgustin’ even, it’s like “the winds of Aihiya corrupt the water”…]

Roswaal, still wary of Olbart, did not share the sense of danger with Garfiel.

If he could not feel it, then it was probably not Mana that was causing the disturbance. It was a huge, tremendous sensation which Garfiel could feel underfoot drawing near.

――It was a feeling that Garfiel, who possessed the Divine Protection of Earth Spirits, noticed most quickly.

Garfiel: [The soil of the battlefield… No, the earth of Vollachia, is running wild?]

Garfiel could feel the horrifying screams of the vast earth.

Any resentment that the battle had been left unfinished, or that the opportunity to break one of the walls had been lost, dissipated before the weight of what stood in their way.

Garfiel: [Roswaal! Fly right now ‘n let everyone know!]

Roswaal: [――――]

Garfiel, forgetting the pseudonym he was meant to use in the Empire, called out to him; Roswaal did not interject, perhaps out of respect for the urgency of the situation.

Garfiel shouted with a sense of urgency, in spite of his hatred of the other party.

It was――,

Garfiel: [――All of Vollachia’s gonna turn into enemies!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Lamia Godwin was one of the daughters of Drizen Vollachia, the Seventy-Sixth Emperor of the Vollachian Empire, an Imperial Princess defeated and killed in a conflict against Vincent Abellux and Prisca Benedict, in the Imperial Selection Ceremony.

In the Imperial Selection Ceremony, brothers and sisters were forced to kill each other until a single one remained; yet she had formed an alliance with her other siblings to defeat Vincent, who had been viewed as the one most likely to take the Emperor’s throne, as she excelled in cornering her opposition through the excellent usage of schemes and traps.

However, her plan had failed to disprove what had been speculated at the start. The alliance collapsed, and in the end, she had lost her life in a duel with her sister, Prisca, being that there was no love lost between the two.

Among those involved in the Imperial Selection Ceremony, it would often be stated that she would have won the throne given her age and capacity at the time. Had it not been, for Vincent.

However, defeat was still defeat. Upon facing a cold, hard, and irrefutable reality, Lamia’s body was reduced to cinders by the flames of the Yang Sword. That, too, was supposedly a cold, hard, and irrefutable reality.

And yet――,

Berstetz: [Your Excellency Lamia, but how…]

Berstetz would normally keep his eyes closed and narrow, but now they had opened just enough to allow one to ascertain the gray coloration of his pupils, betraying his astonishment towards the person before him.

What Berstetz’s trembling vision beheld was none other than the countenance of his master Lamia Godwin, a countenance still vivid in his memory, but now sitting on the throne with the flag fluttering in the wind to the back.

Excepting, however, the cracked, bloodless white face she now donned, and the beautiful red irises that had transformed into an eerie golden glow standing out amidst pitch-black darkness.

Lamia: [Berstetz, did you not hear my question? Has Vincent-niisama won the Imperial Selection Ceremony? Was it Prisca? It cannot be, was it Palladio-niisama, of all people? It would be nightmarish, were anyone else besides those two to vie for the throne after my defeat.]

Berstetz: [――. His Excellency Vincent Abellux ascended to the throne after the defeat of Your Excellency. To the present time, he has continued to reign for nine years.]

Lamia: [However, he has died. Is that the answer to what is lying beneath my feet?]

Cutting off Berstetz’s words, Lamia looked over the prone corpse as she rested her chin upon her hand. While unable to discern the face from her position, she was able to tell the body apart from those of her other blood siblings.

Technically, Berstetz had surmised that the fallen Vincent was in fact not the real Vincent, but rather Chisha Gold in disguise, though that was beside the point.

Berstetz: [With all due respect, Your Excellency Lamia, but would you lend me an ear?]

Lamia: [What is it, Berstetz? You have been a faithful henchman of mine. If you have any questions, then I shall answer them.]

Berstetz: [For what reason have you returned? If I may add, the throne is reserved for none other than the Emperor of Vollachia to sit upon. ――You do not possess that qualification, Your Excellency.]

Berstetz uttered this fully aware that it would have been disrespectful and that it would give rise to displeasure within his conversational partner.

At one time, he had served and had done everything in his power to raise her as the worthy successor to take the throne of the Vollachian Empire. Back then, he would have been delighted had he witnessed Lamia sitting on the Imperial Throne in such a manner.

――Welling up in the depths of his chest were boiling, unbearable hatred and anger.

Berstetz: [Make a wise decision, Your Excellency. We were defeated.]

With a reverent hand against his chest, Berstetz advised Lamia as he had once done.

When she was still young, but beautiful and intelligent, Lamia had the flexibility to listen to Berstetz’s recommendations, take them seriously, reflect and digest them, and let them guide her to the right answer.

This cunning, poisonous virtue of Lamia――,

Lamia: [You have fallen sick, Berstetz. No matter how much you love and devote yourself to it, this country will never repay you.]

Tilting her neck, Lamia responded, her expression unchanging as if frozen solid; and Berstetz acted immediately in return.

The ring on his finger had glinted mysteriously once he turned his hand on his chest toward Lamia.

A Meteor it was, given to Berstetz as a mark of being the Prime Minister.

Berstetz: [Prepare yourself――!]

Berstetz’s will had elicited a response, and from the glowing ring’s jewel, a fireball shot out.

It was something Vincent too possessed for the sake of self-defense, and it released the Mana accumulated within it as magic, an attack towards the one whom Berstetz had once sworn fidelity to―― No, towards one who bore her likeness.

Just like that, Lamia defenseless on the throne was engulfed by the fireball――,

Lamia: [Fool. Of all things, you employ fire against a member of the Imperial Family of Vollachia.]

The subsequent moment, dazzling red light illuminated the throne room, and the flame was bisected diagonally, going in two different directions. Lamia and the throne avoided the blast, given its momentum, which in turn crashed into the wall upon which the flag had been draped, giving rise to flames.

If left unattended, that conflagration could spread to the flag, then engulf the entire Crystal Palace in flames. However, Berstetz’s attention was focused on what was in front of him, rather than on the Crystal Palace’s future.

Rising from the throne, Lamia held in her hand a glowing treasured sword of crimson.

That unmistakable form was the pride and joy of the Vollachian Empire――,

Berstetz: [――The Yang Sword Vollachia.]

Lamia: [It is only natural for someone of Vollachia’s Imperial Family to possess it, yes?]

Once more Berstetz opened his eyes to a width on par to the width of a normal person’s squinting eyes, and reflected within them was Lamia leaping toward him, holding the brilliant Yang Sword in her hand.

With a swing, Lamia’s slash loomed. Were that dazzling crimson no forgery, Berstetz’s existence would be torched, not even ashes would remain.

He had to move, but he was not able to.

He had not been trained in that way, and, more importantly, he was blinded by the radiance of it all.

The radiance of the Yang Sword, symbol of the Vollachian Empire――.

Lamia: [Goodbye, Berste――]

A flash of light fell upon Berstetz, and even he himself understood at that moment that his life, that the life of this wicked man, who had pretended to be a loyal subject and had shaken the Empire to its very foundations, was arriving at its terminus.

???: [Nuuuuun!!]

The great door of the throne room was suddenly smashed open from the outside, and something flew in from the other side with tremendous force. Its speed unchecked, it flew directly into Lamia, who had been swinging her blade at Berstetz, blowing away the Imperial Princess’s thin body with a “Guh”.

Lamia: [Wha…]

Feeling that his imminent death was growing distant, Berstetz came to see that what had collided with Lamia was a battle-axe which had been thrown. It was one of the weapons held by a set of armor arranged in the hall of the Crystal Palace in front of the throne room, a gleaming piece with ceremonial decorations.

Even so, the battle-axe had always been well-cared for, kept ready to be used on the battlefield, since not displaying weapons that were actually useless was not the imperial way.

And thus, it had stopped Lamia on her tracks from her front, blowing her away towards the back of the throne room with terrific momentum.

Berstetz: [Who…]

Has thrown that axe , was the doubt Berstetz harbored. He turned around, but before he could confirm who it was, loud footsteps approached him at once,

???: [Traitorous retainer, Berstetz Fondalfon! I was against keeping someone like you as Prime Minister the whole time!!]

Berstetz was grabbed by the collar and lifted to his feet by a huge hand, which forced him to face a bearded giant of a man. The titan was endowed with a loud voice that befitted his large body, and a stern face that looked as if it had been tailor-made especially for him.

His naked upper body was covered by an armor of well-trained muscle, and his vigor had not diminished in the slightest, even though he had been in captivity for more than a month――,

Berstetz: [General First-Class Goz Ralfon…]

Goz: [You will be tried in public! Of course, General First-Class Chisha, who planned and carried out this treason, is just as guilty! Regardless of your true intentions, you are guilty of plotting against His Excellency and your own allies!]

Berstetz: [――――]

Goz: [In the first place! Do not underestimate us officers and our soldiers! No matter how many hardships we may face, the Great Disaster will be crushed by our combined efforts!]

The giant who had spoken loudly, Goz Ralfon.

He was one of the Nine Divine Generals of the Empire, ranked Fifth. A man who, due to his loyalty and unfortunate timing, had become the second victim of Berstetz and Chisha’s schemes, Vincent being the first.

However, as his interference had aided Vincent in his escape from the Imperial Capital, Berstetz could not be lenient on him for the sake of his own objective.

It was the way of the world, and the imperial way itself, that one side would win and the other would lose when both sides gave their all for their own cause. Therefore, he did not feel even a bit like apologizing for that.

Berstetz: [Why are you here… You were supposed to be chained up in the basement of my mansion.]

Goz: [A brave girl rescued me! She possesses a strong heart… You were out of luck to have trapped her alongside me! She is a lady the Vollachian Empire should be proud of!]

Berstetz: […I see, it was her, huh.]

Berstetz’s mind flashed to the blue-haired girl he had been holding captive in his mansion.

She was a valuable user of healing magic and, according to Madelyn, she was a young girl from the Oni Clan. He had intended to make her a candidate for Empress Consort, both in terms of her abilities and her race.

He had evaluated her as a strong-willed and vibrant woman, but apparently that had still been an underestimation.

He intended to not get too hung up on that, though, now that the failure of the plan had become apparent.

However, what was worrisome concerning the truth of Goz’s appearance――,

Berstetz: [General First-Class Goz, have you already heard about the Great Disaster?]

Goz: [I have not heard the details! However, I have heard that it would happen at the cost of His Excellency’s life! I must inquire Chisha about that as well… But my priority is His Excellency’s life! Where are you keeping His Excellency, you…]

Responding in an unnecessarily loud voice, Goz announced his intentions to Berstetz.

Internally, Berstetz had admired, and even resented, the fact that Chisha had kept the Great Disaster completely to himself, even though it had reached even Goz, but that was all he felt.

Halfway through his words, Goz had noticed something, his eyes widening.

And then――,

Goz: [Wha, ah…, Hi-His Excellency… HIS EXCELLENCYYYY!]

With a scream, Goz crumpled to his knees. Berstetz, thrown by the momentum, fell to the floor on his buttocks, but Goz did not care as he clung to the corpse before him―― to the corpse that had collapsed on the red carpet, the corpse that would move nevermore.

From Goz’s widened eyes tears streamed, absorbed by his thick beard. The tears pressing down his beard, he pounded his large fist against the carpet with force,

Goz: [Your Excellency…! This Goz Ralfon, was too late…! What folly! What an act of folly! No longer can this folly be atoned for except by death…!]

Berstetz: [G-General First-Class Goz! Please remain calm! That man is…]

Goz: [This is no situation to remain calm in! Damn you, Prime Minister Berstetz! Are you satisfied with this!? You have taken the life of His Excellency, and now this very Empire itself――]

Berstetz: [The deceased is General First-Class Chisha!]

Berstetz loudly silenced Goz, who had been furious at the Emperor’s corpse, which had been pierced through the chest.

Opening his eyes wide towards Berstetz, who had let out a yell seldom heard from him, Goz then carefully examined the lying corpse,

Goz: [This is General First-Class Chisha…? Ridiculous! If so, then what happened!]

Berstetz: [Even I do not know the details of the situation. However, I think that the death of General First-Class Chisha in the guise of His Excellency and this unprecedented situation… may have something to do with the Great Disaster.]

Having calmed Goz and his flurry of emotions, Berstetz had also organized his own thoughts.

Perhaps his death as Emperor and the rebellion he had committed with Berstetz were all part of a plot hatched by Chisha Gold.

And this had not been unrelated to the events of the Great Disaster that had popped up time and again.

If anyone did know anything about the Great Disaster, it would be――,

???: [――That is just awful, all of a sudden. I have not been treated like this in all my life and in my death.]

Goz: [――――]

A quiet voice could be heard from the back of the room.

Lamia’s voice, who was supposed to have been blown away, felled by a blow from violent throw of a battle-axe performed by Goz barging in.

Before proceeding, let it be clear that her presence had not been forgotten.

Despite his subsequent boisterous exchange with Goz, Berstetz had not bothered to mention her because the power in that battle-axe had been, without a doubt, deadly.

Goz Ralfon was a General admired by many others in the troops, second only to Chisha Gold in terms of commanding large armies; but he was also possessed of outstanding individual combat skills in comparison with the latter.

Were Goz to unleash an attack with the intention of defeating an opponent, the body of an average man would be maimed in a single hit, if said average man were on the receiving end.

However, for Lamia, that had not been so. ――At least, not strictly speaking.

Lamia: [Well, this body… It does not seem to feel any pain, so I guess that is a relief.]

Saying this, Lamia stood up and tilted her head as she slowly connected the right half of her body together―― which had been shattered like pottery.

No jest nor metaphor in that expression, it had been spoken in its truest sense. There had been no blood flowing from the wounds, the crushed parts wriggled and combined together like ice filling out a lake.

But, things did not end with the fact that someone who was supposed to be dead had come back to life, suddenly reanimated.

Goz: [Prime Minister Berstetz, if I am not mistaken, that person is…]

Berstetz: [――. This is Her Excellency Lamia Godwin. She passed away nine years ago during the Imperial Selection Ceremony.]

Goz: [Why is Her Excellency the Imperial Princess, who is supposed to have died in the Imperial Selection Ceremony, doing this!? And I even attacked Her Excellency Lamia!? Do not tell me that His Excellency the Emperor kept his sister alive!?]

Berstetz: [That cannot possibly be the case. His Excellency Vincent Vollachia has no attachment to such sentiments. Considering her strange appearance, it is Her Excellency Lamia who is the problem.]

Having corrected Goz’s reflexive shortsightedness, Berstetz took a close look at Lamia, who was still restoring her body, and arrived at this conclusion.

If possible, he would prefer prolonging the conversation with Lamia to obtain more information.

Berstetz: [It was no one else but me who closed the window for negotiations.]

Lamia: [Yes, so it seems. Even though I was intending to talk this out in proper fashion. So, what happened?]

Berstetz: [That is a good question. Perhaps I was getting desperate, thinking that my allies would betray me as I take on this last great challenge in my life. I am quite surprised by this side of mine.]

Goz: [This is not the time to say that!! Your Excellency Lamia! I am Goz Ralfon, a General First-Class serving His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia! If you would oblige and let yourself get tied up!]

After Goz had launched a preemptive strike, Lamia would likely turn a deaf ear even after stating her willingness to talk.

As Lamia affirmed this, Goz took a large step towards her. Even with his battle-axe no longer in his hands, his arms were still as thick as logs.

Even with the power of the Yang Sword and the physical enhancements that accompanied its wielding, Lamia’s ability should not have been sufficient to stop Goz.

Even though Lamia was not supposed to be the type that was unable to understand the difference in strength between both of them――,

Lamia: [I refuse doing such a thing. I am not going to have my freedom taken away right after awakening again.]

Goz: [Then, by force…]

Lamia: [――Besides, you know?]

Thinking that she was not willing to listen, Goz was already about to take an even larger step forth, and it happened.

Lamia’s bewitching golden eyes flickered, and the situation changed. ――As shadows dwelling in the selfsame pitch-dark goldeness arose around her one after the other.

Goz: [What the hell!?]

Goz cried out in horror, Berstetz also lost his voice as he choked up.

As if shadows had risen from the ground, more eerie-looking figures with the same eyes and cracked skin, which had lost their color like Lamia’s, appeared.

That alone was astonishing, but Berstetz’s and Goz’s shock did not end there.

There was also the fact that they recognized everyone who had risen――,

Lamia: [――I pity you for clinging to an Empire that will end regardless.]

As she stated this, Lamia raised the Yang Sword to the heavens. In the same manner, more than two dozen figures around her all reached for the heavens as well, unsheathing their treasured swords of crimson; all members of the Imperial Family in possession of the qualification that allowed them to not be burnt away.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The battle between the Eighth, Moguro Hagane, and the previous and current Ninths, Madelyn Eschart and Balleroy Temeglyph, continued raging in the Crystal Palace’s proximity.

The extraordinary battle that unfolded within its immediate vicinity was a clash between gigantic ramparts in the shape of a human and a cloud-clad Dragon; and with the addition of the Empire’s most powerful flying dragon rider, it turned into a fierce battle that would go down in the history of the Empire.

The thunderous roar, the rumbling of the earth were the very screams of the Vollachian Empire, the water streaming out of the destroyed reservoir turning into a wave of mud flowing into the Imperial Capital.

The Imperial Capital of Lupugana―― or rather, the Sacred Vollachian Empire itself was in the midst of an unprecedented upheaval that foreshadowed its destruction.

And yet, despite these circumstances――,

???: [Are you His Excellency, or perhaps His Excellency? Either way, the Great Disaster has come around! Won’t you fight against the Great Disaster together with me!?]

The Stargazer, with his arms outstretched and a broad smile on his face, not looking at the crumbling streets of the Imperial Capital, was more than out-of-place; he was nightmarish, carelessly trampling on the understanding of ordinary people.

But alas. The one confronted with the Stargazer’s eccentric smile was the one person who had the least permission to be ordinary in this Empire.

Abel: [――――]

For a moment, Abel glanced behind the curtain at the miracle that had saved his life.

What had saved Abel from falling from a great height was a cloth stretched to the max placed exactly where he had fallen, an improvised cushioning material gathered from the rooms of the Crystal Palace and the surrounding buildings.

He could understand the mechanism that had saved him. The question was, why could it have been prepared?

This sort of preparation would be unfeasible unless one knew that someone―― no, that Abel would fall there.

Abel: [How much did you know!?]

The moment he reached that conclusion, Abel’s outstretched hand grabbed the smiling Ubilk by the chest. He pulled him to his feet forcefully, and Ubilk bellowed an “Owowow”, his eyes widening.

Face-to-face, directly in front of him, sparing no quarter Abel stared at Ubilk, and,

Abel: [Chisha’s plan… No, that is not it. How far in advance did you know whose death would bring about the Great Disaster? You said that it would be my death that――]

Ubilk: [Yeah, I did say that. ――That Vincent Vollachia’s death would be the beginning of the Great Disaster that will bring ruin to the Empire.]

Abel glared at him from a distance their breaths could be felt, but Ubilk’s relaxed demeanor did not falter. Perhaps it was not so much composure, but rather it was a different kind of disgusting anticipation or exuberance.

In fact, Ubilk was in high spirits, as if at last the opportunity he had been waiting for had arrived.

But――,

Abel: [Vincent Vollachia is I.]

Ubilk: [No, no! Your Excellency! That’s wrong. That’s nooot~ true. I’ll say it out loud; that’s incorrect, Your Excellency.]

Abel: [――――]

Ubilk: [General First-Class Chisha Gold has unquestionably fulfilled the role of Vincent Vollachia. His Excellency himself, of all people, had molded General Chisha Gold to do so.]

Abel: [I…]

It was not for that purpose that he had kept Chisha Gold by his side.

Upon the Great Disaster’s arrival, he would need someone with the ability to take charge of everything within the Empire to replace the helpless Emperor who would be unable to be present; that was his belief.

Someone who, after Vincent’s death, would cooperate with a worthy successor and save the Empire.

Abel: [Why did you take part in this plan?]

Ubilk: [ What’s that ?]

Abel: [As a Stargazer, you are only interested in the fulfillment and implementation of your commandment. Then, if you wished to ensure that the Great Disaster would happen, you should have made use of my life. Why did you decide to go along with Chisha’s uncertain plans? It is nonsensical.]

A Stargazer was a commandment’s puppet in human form.

No matter how much they could possibly have pretended to be likable or accommodating, what lay inside was naught but an obsession with their commandment and a fanatical desire to fulfill it.

His priorities should have been clear. So, why had he sided with Chisha’s plan?

Abel: [What was your reason? Answer me.]

Ubilk: [Ummm~, I think you’d be offended if I were to say it, Your Excellency.]

Abel: [Speak.]

Ubilk: [Well, it doesn’t really matter to me whether it was His Excellency himself or General First-Class Chisha. It’d be good if the Great Disaster happened, and it’d be bad if it didn’t. If it didn’t happen even after General First-Class Chisha died in the guise of His Excellency, then I’d have to do sooomething~ about His Excellency himself… Do you get what I’m saying?]

Abel: [――. In that case, is this situation what you had hoped for?]

With that, Abel quietly gained an understanding, as Ubilk stuck out his tongue in a mischievous manner. At the same time, he comprehended that talking to Ubilk any further would be of no use.

Releasing his grip on Ubilk’s collar, Abel slowly turned around. Reflected in his eyes through the oni mask, were several figures holding the edge of the cloth that had saved Abel.

None of their faces had ever been seen at the Crystal Palace before, but――,

Abel: [These people, are they also a part of your faction?]

Ubilk: [There aren’t enough of us to call it a faction, though, areee~ there?]

Shrugging his shoulders, Ubilk spun around and spread his arms in front of his accomplices. The crowd of roughly ten-odd people, assembled without regard for their age or gender, were presumably Stargazers just like him.

Even if one were to try and cull them, their numbers would increase. Since it was unknown how the pawns of the Observers were selected, he had left them alone despite knowing of their existence.

Ubilk: [As I said, we’re moving in accordance with the commandment. What are you gonna do, Your Excellency?]

Abel: [What am I――]

Going to do? Abel tried to put his thoughts across his tongue as he pondered such.

However, in the middle of responding to Ubilk, the ground was shaken by a particularly loud impact. Some distance away from Abel and everyone else, a part of Moguro’s body fell to the ground, making a large sound.

The battle yet raged on. However, since it was two against one, Moguro’s disadvantage was undeniable.

Balleroy Temeglyph, a man who was supposed to be dead, had been resurrected alongside his beloved dragon.

The worst possibility one could deduce from this, was that it was just not limited to the two of them.

Ubilk: [The turmoil in the Imperial Capital and the crisis in the Empire, events that defy reason are truly a manifestation of the Great Disaster.]

As Abel shielded his face from the dust sprinkling down, Ubilk cocked his chin to point to the sky.

The resurrected dead and the Dragon ran amok, foretelling mounting damage that would probably not end there,

Ubilk: [The Witch of the Kingdom, the Night Weeping of the City-States, the Collapse of the Holy Kingdom, and the Great Disaster of the Empire… The four disasters that will destroy the world. Their time draws near. Even at this very moment.]

Abel: [――――]

Ubilk: [Oh, and Your Excellency, this is just my personal opinion, but…]

Ubilk deliberately clapped his hands as if speaking of something that he had failed to mention. Then, the Stargazer pointed overhead to Moguro’s battle―― No, he was pointing to something else.

He pointed not to the battle, but to the throne room bearing a sizable hole, which laid in the Crystal Palace, the latter being rocked by the shockwaves of the fierce fight.

Ubilk: [Why did I cooperate with General First-Class Chisha’s scheme, waaas~ it? I’m sincere in saying that I would’ve been fine with both, but… I thought that with Your Excellency, our odds would be better.]

Brazenly laughing, Ubilk lowered the hand that pointed to the Crystal Palace and, in the same motion, pointed it at Abel.

Ubilk: [I prioritize the fulfillment of the commandment. My goal was to start the Great Disaster, and theeen~ to hold back the destruction it’d bring. ――I haven’t wavered in my priority.]

A Stargazer was obsessed with the realization and fulfillment of their commandment, a living puppet enslaved to their goal.

That perception remained the same. And without that perception being altered, Ubilk presented the reasons for his actions, the rationale for his choices, and the future that he pursued.

He said that, in order to save the Vollachian Empire from the Great Disaster, he would prioritize Abel.

Abel: [――Chisha Gold, you…]

What kind of future, what kind of expectations had these disguised black eyes, imbued with the color of Vincent Vollachia, imbued with his color, painted?

Why had he not understood that words like “hope” and “dreams” were naught more but silly escapism from reality?

Ubilk: [――Oh?]

An unexpected explosion roared in Abel’s ears as he put his hand to his face and grabbed the cheek of his oni mask. Ubilk let out a silly voice in response, followed by a heavy sound of something falling beside them.

Upon looking at it, Abel came to see that something had fallen onto the cloth that had caught him earlier. However, unlike him, the cloth had not been stretched to help, and it did not fulfill its purpose as cushioning material.

However――,

???: [You were correct that this cloth would be laid out! Prime Minister Berstetz! Are you alive!?]

???: [That took quite the toll on this old body, but somehow… Hm.]

Shaking off the cloth that covered them, a large man with his upper body bare and a white-haired old man carried in the former’s arms emerged from under the cloth.

Both of them looked familiar; Abel had never thought that he would run into them here.

Ubilk: [Ohhh~, if that isn’t General First-Class Goz? And Prime Minister Berstetz’s safe, too.]

Berstetz: [One would think you would have long since absconded, yet you are still here…]

Goz: [You! You are the Stargazer who instructed General First-Class Chisha and Prime Minister Berstetz with all these superfluous things! Because of you, His Excellency… His Excellency is…!!]

As the large man―― Goz Ralfon, who had apparently jumped down from the large hole in the Crystal Palace, so stated, he approached Ubilk while carrying Prime Minister Berstetz in his arms.

Now that he knew what Chisha had been attempting to do, he thought that Goz would not have been killed, but how was it that he had appeared here in this state following the events that had taken place?

Just how much had been shared between Berstetz and Chisha?

Goz: [The turmoil in the Imperial Capital and everything else! It is all caused by your schemes! You should die in order to atone!]

Ubilk: [Wait, waaait~ a minute please! I wasn’t even all that involved in it, nor did I have anything to do with what happened to General First-Class Goz! Because, you see, as far as the commandment’s concerned, Goz isn’t someone to pay much thought about…]

Goz: [How dare you, you bastard!]

By once again running his mouth, Ubilk incurred Goz’s wrath more and more. Berstetz writhed in pain, as if Goz had forgotten that he was carrying the former.

Moreover, the changes in the situation did not end at just that――,

??? : [Uwah!? The closer I get and see, the more puzzling everything becomes! I ran after the Dragon that ignored me, only to find out that the one replacing it as my opponent was a big golem! Sure, it might serve as a decent show, but I don’t think it’s capable of acting as a substitute!]

Abel: [――――]

And right after he heard a yapping, high-pitched voice, the owner of said voice made their entrance wrapped in a tremendous wind while a cloud of dust spread behind him.

Gliding on the soles of the zori he wore, he looked up at the sky with his hands forming a brim. A boy who had been uncalled for, sporting blue hair and a kimono , had arrived―― everyone’s eyes widened at the sight of his raucous demeanor, speech, and conduct, but above all else, because he looked like a mere shrunk-down version of a familiar figure.

Goz: [C-Cecilus Segmunt――!?]

Cecilus: [Hmm? Did you call me just now? Well, I’m quite embarrassed for having managed to do something so grand that my name has spread with lightning speed. To be honest, I thought the best moment would be me cutting down that Dragon, but I hate just how much of a star I am!]

Goz: […No doubt, it is General First-Class Cecilus!]

The boy, who was watching the battle between Moguro and the Cloud Dragon, turned around and uttered those words with an unmistakably unique sense of distance.

This was, without a shadow of a doubt, Cecilus Segmunt, the strongest of the Nine Divine Generals, the First, who stood at the peak of the Vollachian Empire’s military might; but his state that of a child.

It had been at about this age when Abel had first picked up Cecilus as a subordinate, taking him under his wing. Since then, his mind aside, his body was supposed to have grown up.

Abel: [But you, why are you small… I can only believe that this is the work of Olbart Dunkelkenn; but, if that is the case…]

Then, contradictions with Olbart’s behavior during their meeting at the Demon City of Chaosflame would arise.

Olbart was, some way or another, unaware of the fact that Chisha had been masquerading as the Emperor. But supposing that Olbart had been employing the same technique he had utilized on Natsuki Subaru, Medium, and Al, with Cecilus as the target, he could not help but cast doubts on the actions taken.

Why would the Emperor himself have Cecilus infantilized, he wondered.

A logical explanation for it seemed improbable. Cecilus had gone without being corrected for over a decade until now. At this point, nothing could shackle him down.

In other words――,

???: [You’re way too light-footed for a pipsqueak, ain’t’cha? Can’t believe someone’s gettin’ such a large lead on me, I’m really startin’ ta feel my age.]

Immediately after the thought crossed his mind, a petite shinobi―― Olbart Dunkelkenn, made his appearance right there and then. He had supposedly been entrusted with a bastion to defend the Imperial Capital, yet he had abandoned that role, returning to the Crystal Palace.

When it came to the reason as to why had Olbart, the shinobi head honcho, done such a thing,

Cecilus: [Huh, I thought I’d shaken you off, but I actually didn’t? That’s great, old man! Still wanting a stage role even at that age, how admirable! Bravo!]

Olbart: [So loud. At this point, ya forgot stuff altogether, haven’t’cha?]

Cecilus: [Forgot stuff? Well, I got no idea what you’re talking about though.]

Olbart: [Ceci’s small, so if I didn’t do it, it’s gotta have been that arse’s fault, Chesshy’s. Tho’ I like ta steal others’ skills, I don’t like it when they steal mine.]

Cecilus: [Ahahahaha, that’s an amazingly selfish complaint! I don’t dislike it, rather, I quite like it.]

The old man, his lips curved in dissatisfaction, was laughed at by the much younger Cecilus, who was barely taller than him.

The Stargazer, Ubilk, was still being pressed for answers by Goz, while Berstetz had been stolen of his freedom, being carried by Goz’s brawny arms, his mind more focused on whether the consequences of the still-raging battle between Moguro, the Cloud Dragon, and the resuscitated Balleroy were about to befall him.

Abel: […Just, what is this?]

One after the other, people gathered at this place.

The majority of the Nine Divine Generals of the Vollachian Empire had come to this location, he came to realize.

Had this, too, been brought about by Chisha?

Having been trained to perform all that Vincent Vollachia could as well, just how much had Chisha Gold surpassed the latter’s expectations?

He had given his own life to keep Abel alive, and what was to come after――.

Chesha: [――My apologies, but I am afraid I would not.]

Abel: [――――]

Once upon a time, faced with a query from Vincent Abellux, Chisha Gold had replied thus.

Upon being asked if he was willing to die for Vincent, he had returned the frank answer that he would not.

Then, the one for whom Chisha had laid down his life, was not Vincent Abellux.

Certainly, it had not been for Abel’s sake, nor for Vincent Vollachia’s, either. It had not been for a play on words of the sort, for that which Chisha had laid down his life for was――,

Abel: [――Heed my words! The Great Disaster is nigh! From here on, you shall abide by my command!]

Grinding his molars together, Abel lifted his face, leaped atop the rubble, turned around. Then viewing the entirety of the ensemble present, he thus asserted for all to listen.

Upon Abel’s proclamation, each and all of those in their self-centered doings observed him.

At that moment, with the exception of Ubilk and Berstetz, who were in the know, the eyes of everyone, Divine Generals included, had the utmost doubt flash across their eyes―― Just who in the world is this man?

Taking that in, Abel reached for the oni mask upon himself, seizing its cheek. His visage had been covered with an object by Chisha, in the latter’s final moments; now removing it, Abel bared his real face.

And finally――,

Abel: [I am your Emperor, Vincent Vollachia. ――The apex, of the Sword Wolves of the Empire.]

--- Chapter 110: Congratulatory Words ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Digging into the ground powerfully with their bestial claws, they launched their body forward with such force that they seemed to be pulling the ground out.

Their companions, using their wits and martial prowess, were scrambling to take control of the battlefield. As to aid them, Frederica Baumann raced across the battlefield.

The beautiful, golden-haired leopard sailed through the wind, fulfilling her role as messenger through and through, being that she was the second fastest among all those roaming around the battlefield.

Against the overwhelmingly superior quality of the regular soldiers of the Imperial Army, the rebels, who were, to put it bluntly, a patchwork of people, had been able to bring the situation to a stalemate thanks to the information gathered by Otto Suwen, Abel’s management of that information, and Frederica’s ability to transmit said information in a quick manner.

Regardless of whether Frederica had been aware of her contribution or not, now armed with information most important she kicked the ground away; the impact that that intel would bring about was of particular significance.

It was――,

Frederica: [――A message from the Master and my brother; there are signs of a change within the land.]

With ragged breaths, pushing her exhausted beastified body, Frederica, undoing her beastification, announced her arrival at the main camp in a hurry, not hesitating in exposing her bare skin to all.

While she had been traveling across the battlefield, Garfiel, having survived a fierce fight, had communicated those words to Frederica bearing a passionate expression; one not proud of the outcome of the battle.

Ragged and bloody, Garfiel had lived through a fight to the death, a battle that Frederica could not even begin to imagine. Her sisterly feeling of wanting to sing her brother’s praises for his struggle had to be postponed in the face of his desperate plea.

Fortunately, Roswaal, arriving with the Flying Dragon Squadron as reinforcements, had been by Garfiel’s side, and had been able to lend him proper assistance, regardless of Garfiel’s feelings about said assistance being given to him by his love rival.

???: [――. That wasn’t very specific. Any more details?]

Frederica: [I do not know, I can only say that it was a gut feeling from my brother’s Divine Protection. It is just…]

???: [Just?]

Frederica: [My brother’s hunches are usually right, regardless of whether they are favorable or not.]

Garfiel’s instincts were as good as a wild animal’s; even though he had never been wild, one could call them his wild instincts. Garfiel’s instincts did not work well in everyday life, and his unrefined behavior would often come to the fore in front of Ram, but when it came to fighting, the reliability of his instincts was unparalleled.

That was why Frederica had, without any hesitation, rushed to the main camp.

???: [――――]

Hearing Frederica’s plea, the beautiful Serena Dracroy―― a High Countess of the Empire who had come to their side with her Flying Dragon Squadron as reinforcements, looked to be deep in thought.

Rumor had it that she was an acquaintance of Roswaal’s, who the latter had gone to request help from. Since she was Roswaal’s acquaintance, she was probably a woman of strong character. However, it was also a common characteristic of Roswaal’s acquaintances that, personality aside, no doubts would exist in regards to the excellence of their abilities.

This was evident in the fact that she was currently serving as a substitute for the absent commander-in-chief at the main camp, where the movement of the rebels, now a large army, was being controlled.

???: [Frederica-sama! Here is a cloak for you to wear!]

A red cloak was draped over Frederica’s shoulders from behind as she looked thoughtfully at Serena’s profile. It was a cloak that only Generals of the Vollachian Empire were allowed to wear; but the person who had done so with grace was not familiar with the meaning of that adornment.

Because of this, Frederica smiled, happy for the gesture of pure goodwill.

Frederica: [Thank you, Schult-sama. I apologize for my unseemly appearance.]

Schult: [No, not at all! Frederica-sama has worked hard, running around amongst so many people! I think it is very admirable!]

Pulling the cloak tighter around her, Frederica thanked Schult for his hospitality. But, it was Schult who was the one who was bowing before Frederica, his small body filled with charm.

Schult’s feelings of being left behind in the main camp and having to watch the progress of the battle with a sense of dread must have been even more painful than Frederica’s, who was at least able to fulfill the role of a messenger.

Still, it was admirable of him to give Frederica words of appreciation upon her return.

???: [ Yeah , Freh is great too . Uu wanted to go fight like crazy with Mii and the others like crazy .]

Next to Schult was Utakata, whose black hair was dyed pink at the ends, nodding with her arms crossed.

Flinching at the little girl’s warlike comment while saying, “I-I wonder about that”, Frederica turned her attention back to Serena.

Serena stroked the large scar on the left side of her face, which had been engraved by a sword, and spoke,

Serena: [Signs of a change within the land of Vollachia, yes? How foolish it would be to disregard the words of one whom Roswaal values so highly.]

Frederica: [So…]

Serena: [While maddening, it also fits with what the man who disappeared with the Stargazer said. It was a selfish thing to say, to entrust me with a great task that only I could fulfill. It was as if…]

Frederica: [As if?]

Serena: [It was pride as if he were the Emperor himself. Even though we’re in a position where we’ve come to bring him down.]

Serena, her arms crossed, sighed with a complicated expression that was neither angry nor bemused.

She spoke of the man in the oni mask―― Abel. He had originally been in charge of commanding the rebels at large, however, he had left the main camp, entrusting Serena with that role.

In regards to that, Serena had not disclosed any details regarding the kind of conversation that had taken place at that time.

Frederica: [Before he left here, what did Abel-sama say to you, Serena-sama?]

Serena: [――. That the conclusion draws near. However…]

Serena paused, her almond-shaped eyes now filled with indignation. Her well-shaped chin indicating the battlefield, her eyes glowing with resentment, the Scorching Lady, known for her fiery presence, continued,

Serena: [The conclusion won’t be favorable to either side, the Imperial Capital’s and the rebels’; it’ll end up being undecided.]

Frederica: [It will end up being… undecided?]

Serena’s expression suggested that she would not even be able to say it, which perplexed Frederica.

What kind of situation could possibly be expected when the outcome of a battle of this magnitude taking place would end up being inconclusive? In the first place, it would be inappropriate to use words that could be taken to mean that all efforts would be in vain when addressing the person whom he had entrusted with the command of the battlefield.

Abel, who had left that unsaid, did not understand the human heart to a fatal degree; that much must be said.

In any case――,

Schult: [Does this mean that the battle has concluded? If so, does that mean that Priscilla-sama, Al-sama, and Heinkel-sama will return?]

Frederica: [Schult-sama…]

With melancholy in his round eyes, Schult stood up on his tiptoes and looked out over the battlefield.

The boy’s eyes were drawn to a corner of the increasingly harsh battlefield―― where the red sky and the white sky, two battlefields that even Frederica was unable to traverse, laid.

Merely approaching them instilled a feeling of dread in her beastly instincts, instilled a certainty that her body would not be able to withstand them.

Frederica: [――――]

For that reason, Frederica did not feel herself capable of speaking words of comfort so readily.

What had been happening under those skies was surely a phenomenon that transcended Frederica’s imagination. She felt ashamed, lowering the corners of her eyes.

Utakata: [Shuu, don’t worry . Puu and Yor are both strong . They’re as strong as Mii and Taa.]

Schult: [Utakata-sama…]

Utakata: [Uu-chan is fine .]

Schult: [Utakata-chan-sama…]

Puffing out her chest, Utakata stroked Schult’s pink curly-haired head with violence, utilizing her hand.

It was a childish and baseless assertion, but it had resonated with Schult because Utakata had not hesitated in speaking it. Once Schult nodded his head,  Frederica’s lips parted slightly.

Once again, turning to face Serena,

Frederica: [What are you going to do, Serena-sama? If you choose to not abandon my brother’s intuition, then you need to deal with what Abel-sama said…]

Serena: [I’m in a quandary. Needless to say, there’s no time for hesitation. ――Behold.]

Serena once again cocked her chin, directing Frederica to look toward the battlefield, to which the latter responded with a “Huh?”. With her emerald-green eyes, Frederica witnessed, even from afar, a change in the battlefield―― a rampaging giant castle wall shaped like a human, one of the Nine Divine Generals, had turned their back, rushing toward the Imperial Capital.

Frederica: [Is that… headed towards the Crystal Palace?]

Serena: [The more things go on, the more they go as he says, hm? ――Though, I don’t know the truth of your brother’s statement that Vollachia will become the enemy.]

At the reckless action of the Steelman, Moguro Hagane, Serena frowned with a face that seemed to have an idea of what was going on.

And then――,

Serena: [Tell everyone. ――As soon as there is anything abnormal at the Crystal Palace, cease all the fighting. To prepare for things to become inconclusive, where this battle, the blood spilled, and lives lost were all in vain.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――With a shrill sound, the dao, an axe, and a barbarian sword struck each other in midair, sending off sparks.

All of those were steel, steel wielded without mercy for the purpose of reaping the life of their opponent.

One person’s senses had been growing duller, but once something was directed at them once more, feelings of dread welled up from within their skin, from within their bones, due to their life being threatened.

They had never thought of themselves as mentally fragile. Rather, they had always believed that, compared to other children of their age, they had been blessed with superior courage, combined with the experience of having survived scenes of carnage.

However, upon experiencing the sizzling pain of being scorching by a blast on their skin, upon feeling as if their lungs had contracted due to the tension of the moment, causing them to suffocate, it seemed like the foundation of that trust directed at oneself was wavering.

The most important reason for that feeling was――,

???: [――!]

Even amidst that fierce battle, a contemptuous gaze would be directed toward them.

The man’s gaze was the biggest factor that increased Petra’s feeling of suffocation; it was as if it was saying he had not forgotten about her and holding a knife against her.

The man was an Imperial Soldier with a bandana wrapped around his head, wielding an axe.

This person, whose name she and her companions did not know, was the true identity of the formidable foe that was currently tormenting Petra and her comrades.

As long as one lived, death would always be adjacent.

Regardless of the situation, circumstances could change in the blink of an eye. Petra ground her teeth together with force, as the man in front of her seemed to be an example of that absurdity.

Kneeling on the ground, Otto struggled to breathe. Having taken the brunt of the blast from the magic stone used for the emergency evacuation, his fatigue was quite high.

That was why Petra could never afford to be weak on the battlefield, where both the strong and the weak alike put their lives on the line.

Medium: [Haaah! Al-chin!]

Al: [Yeah, Lil’ Miss Medium.]

The one person with the high-pitched voice, a voice unsuitable for this blood-scented battlefield, and the one person with the dispirited voice worked together, exchanging sword blows with the one person possessor of a pitch-black murderous intent.

Cooperating with Medium, who used her small body to the fullest, Al waged battle with the Imperial Soldier. Their fighting ability was not enough to overwhelm their enemy however; and so, their fierce bout continued.

No offence to Al being who he was, but Petra was disappointed with him as a reinforcement.

Petra: [If only it were someone like Garf-san or Emily…]

Not only were they reliable allies, to put it plainly, but they would surely have overwhelmed their opponent as far as fighting ability went.

Al’s ability, being unlike theirs, was not very high in Petra’s estimation. Even though he was better than non-combatants like Petra and Otto, she felt that he was weaker than any of the People of Shudraq.

However, in the sense of possessing not-so-outstanding strength, the same was true of their opponent, the Imperial Soldier.

Without a doubt, that Imperial Soldier was weak compared to Emilia, Garfiel, and the Nine Divine Generals of the Empire. Even still, Petra was terrified of him.

Overwhelming magic would not be needed to shoo away a bug that had perched itself on a flower. It could be brushed off with a finger or even with a bit of water. Thoughts of the sort were apparent in the attitude of this Imperial Soldier.

On this battlefield, Petra and the rest of her group were nothing more than hard-working little bugs――.

Soldier: [――You’re a pain in the ass, man.]

Suddenly, the man’s voice slipped into the cowering Petra’s ears.

For a moment, her shoulders jumped. But, the one who the other person was calling out to was not Petra nor was it Otto, the man was calling out towards the pair he was crossing weapons with, which was also the direction Al was in.

Al: [Hah! Ngha! Take this!]

The man swung the axe in his hand, aiming it at Al’s thick neck. However, the moment the dao in the one-armed Al’s possession met it, the man immediately turned himself around, delivering two, then three heavy attacks in quick succession.

By means of some bizarrely risky slights of hand, Al managed to parry the barrage of blows.

Petra was not at all at ease, even letting out a couple of little screams of “Kyah!” and “Yikes!” as she watched.

Otto: [I would like to support Al-san somehow, but…]

Otto seemed be similarly anxious, there had been more impatience than fatigue in his voice.

There was clearly a sense of urgency in the battle waged by Al, who had made his entrance with much fanfare; although he was fortunate to have been able to survive up until now, there had been five times where one wrong step could have resulted in his death.

The possible existence of a sixth time, to Petra, seemed to have some terrible odds.

Soldier: [You’re still a pain in the ass.]

However, it seemed that the opinion of the Imperial Soldier was slightly different from that of Petra and her comrades.

The man, who continued to shrug off the attacks, even though it was by the skin of his teeth, took a large step backward, whereupon he raised his axe-less hand, casually waving it in the direction of Al and Medium.

Immediately after, a fireball burst to life in the air, rushing furiously toward them, incinerating the sky.

Al: [Oioioioi!]

Medium: [HIYAAAH~!]

She did not understand why, but a Spirit was being forced to obey in an unjust way.

Al and Medium ran to try and escape the fireball approaching them, in great troubles. The fireball missed the two of them, going onto the trees in the surroundings, then spreading to the grass on the ground, causing a swell of flames.

Otto: [This is bad… Hk.]

Petra understood what Otto had just muttered.

From what she saw, the flames brought about by the fireball did not burn Al and the others, instead consuming their surroundings. The blaze surrounded Petra and everyone facing the Imperial Soldier, blocking any escape.

The rising fire created a circle, trapping them.

The Imperial Soldier could have possibly been aiming to block their escape route, even in case he had missed. But, that situation had Petra’s group grinding their teeth in frustration. Their opponent tilted his head.

Soldier: [I don’t like this.]

To that quiet, totally inappropriate remark, Al raised a “Huh?”.

His dao in hand, he pointed to their surroundings, now in flames,

Al: [After all this, what are you saying? Cherish what you got, your resources. How hard do you think plants gotta work to make oxygen, so that humans can take a deep breath and be aight…]

Soldier: [I should’ve killed you about six times so far, but I haven’t been able to kill you even once. Even when I’ve pushed you into spots you shouldn’t be able to dodge out of. It’s disgusting.]

Al: [I can’t believe you just said that. Man, today’s a real pain.]

Al’s response was met by the man shrugging and growing even more distrustful of him.

Not knowing the limit of Al’s strength, the Imperial Soldier seemed to be quite confused. To be honest, it was very disgusting to agree with that person, but Petra had the same doubts about Al.

Al looked like he was going to die, but he still did not.

He was meeting the attacks of the Imperial Soldier, but managed to avoid fatal wounds with his high-risk movements. ――He had surely avoided fatal wounds, and fatal wounds only.

But it did not give off the feeling that he was hiding his capabilities. It was all inconsistent.

That was why the Imperial Soldier could not get a decisive blow to cut his losses, as well.

Soldier: [Even if you’re on the same level as I am, I get the feeling you’ve got no training at all and that you’re just winging this. In that sense, that guy over there is probably more in my class.]

Otto: […Do you mean me? If so, I would like to raise an objection on my honor.]

Medium: [That’s right! Your evil character is different! You’re more dangerous, and sneakier!]

Otto: [Even though you are on my side, you still stab me in the back.]

Otto, having unexpectedly been pulled into the discussion, gave a wry smile.

His demeanor made Petra somewhat frustrated, but that quickly faded.

Petra: [――――]

Otto glanced and winked at Petra. She thought about it, sensing something other than bitterness in his expression; he was plotting something.

Without saying a word, he wanted Petra to try to guess.

Soldier: [This is taking too long.]

Just after Petra had surmised this, the Imperial Soldier, with a cold voice, snapped his fingers.

Right after that, about ten fireballs, each smaller than before, were created all at once. They scattered in all directions at unreadable speed, which ignited not Petra and the others, but the trees and ground surrounding them.

He did that to expand the formation of flames encircling them, magnifying it with more flames and black smoke――,

Medium: [Hothothothot! It’s burning, it’s burning!]

Al: [Calm down, lil’ missy! Come here before your braids burn!]

Surrounded by flames, a fiery Medium jumped up and down, holding her long braids. She crossed the line of flames, jumped to Al’s side, and looked back at him with tears in her eyes.

Gripping her barbarian sword tightly again, she glared at the person who had done this to her――,

Medium: [Huh!?]

Al: [Is this for real…?]

Medium’s surprise was matched by Al’s exasperation.

The cause of their reaction was the disappearance of the Imperial Soldier who had created this spectacle of flames.

Medium: [――――]

The figure of the Imperial Soldier had vanished amidst the flames and black smoke. Had he retreated to hide from the flames, or was he simply waiting for them to slowly burn to death?

Al: [Tsk…]

Medium: [He’s totally gone! We gotta get out of here before we burn, too!]

Al’s helmet-covered vision swept around, searching for the figure of the man who had disappeared into the flames. All the while, he held his dao against his own neck in a strange stance, his eyes looking for the Imperial Soldier.

Beside him, Medium also looked around a bit, impatient with the enemy she could not find, pleading for them to escape the growing fire.

It was certainly natural for a person to give priority to getting away from a dangerous place, rather than obsessing over the man’s whereabouts; thus avoiding putting carriage before ground dragon.

However――,

Petra: [――――]

His body supported by Petra, Otto placed a tad more strength into the hand of his that was placed on the former’s, squeezing it. And that tight grip was taken as a silent instruction by Petra.

Petra vehemently agreed with his wariness; they should not let their guard down.

Furthermore, Petra put her other hand on top of Otto’s hand――,

Otto: [――Thank you, Petra-chan.]

Immediately after uttering these words of gratitude, Otto shifted in place and fell onto his back. ――A moment later, an axe, cleaving the air sideways, narrowly missed him.

Petra: [――――]

The killing intent of the Imperial Soldier, approaching covertly amidst the smoke emanating from the spreading fire of the camp, struck, and missed.

The man, having missed in that moment of truth, widened his eyes in amazement ever-so-slightly. But, as if quickly regaining his composure, the man attempted to pull back the axe he had just swung――

Petra: [Jiwald!]

Soldier: [Guh.]

Petra, holding up five fingers, released from all of them a low-power Jiwald that caught the Imperial Soldier in the face, drawing an arc; one of the five rays had seared their opponent’s right eye.

Petra’s attack had aimed to suppress the enemy, sacrificing pure power. It had achieved its goal in splendid fashion, the man who’d had his eye burnt crying out in agony and recoiling.

Then, a spinning figure leapt at him from above.

Medium: [Let’s gooo!]

Beyond the flames, Al hunched over, and from his back, using it as a springboard, Medium leapt.

Spinning vertically, Medium flashed the barbarian sword tightly gripped by both her hands, driving it into the Imperial Soldier, his posture shot, without relent.

Medium: [Uryahhhh~!]

A hard sound echoed, and a shade of vermilion different from that of the burning flames mixed with the latter.

The sound that had echoed was not the sound of a skull being split by the barbarian sword. Raising her head, Petra took a glance, and came to see that the man had, by his own volition, met the swing of the barbarian sword with his forehead.

That hard sound had probably been from armor that he had placed under his bandana. That was how he had taken Medium’s blow. Of course, he was not completely unscathed.

Swinging his axe with vigor, his shaking free hand on his forehead, awkwardly he dodged the follow-ups, stepping back, and further back, and further back――,

Soldier: [Shit…]

A bandana stained with blood fell from the man’s head. Even with the armored bandana there, the man’s forehead had been cut open, the bleeding from his split forehead did not seem like it could be stopped.

The man, bleeding profusely, glared towards Otto and Petra.

The look in his eyes seemed to be asking how his surprise attack had been detected――,

Otto: [――I will not tell you. I am not your parent, nor am I your brother.]

Even though Otto was lying on the ground, he still spoke up as if he were proud of his victory.

In response, the Imperial Soldier clicked his tongue. He clicked his tongue, wiped the blood from his forehead with his palm, and,

Medium: [Ah! Wait! It’d be so unfair if you just run away!]

He did not choose to be reckless, and rush at Otto.

With his right eye closed, occluded by heat and blood, the Imperial Soldier disappeared amid the flames. Having become unable to be seen once more, Petra was wary of yet another surprise attack.

Al: [He ain’t coming back… He doesn’t seem desperate enough to continue fighting with such a disadvantage.]

Petra: [Ummm, I disagree. Wasn’t it like we were the only ones who were desperate?]

Al: [I know how you feel, Lil’ Miss. But it’s the other side that ran away without leaving any final words. We win, we win. ――It’s our wiiiiiiiin!]

Medium: [We wiiin!]

Facing the direction the Imperial Soldier had just disappeared into, Al and Medium shouted a victory cry.

Petra’s heart was lightened a little by the two of them. Although, she was not sure if their cheering would actually pester that Imperial Soldier.

In any case――,

Petra: [In the end, how did you know how to read that man’s moves? It was a gamble, wasn’t it?]

Otto: [It was not my doing, it was thanks to you, Petra-chan.]

With Al, who had sheathed his dao, lending him a helping hand, Otto was helped up, and spoke of Petra. However, she was unable to take credit for everything.

Otto: [In the first place, I was his target, so I knew that the last move would be aimed at me. It was the sound of footsteps that told me the time and direction of the attack.]

Medium: [Footsteps?]

Petra: [Otto-san’s channel let him hear from the little ones under the ground… Correct?]

Otto: [Correct answer.]

With her guess proved right by Otto, Petra put her hands together in front of her chest.

From the start, the reason Otto had been targeted by the enemy was due to his use of the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language to maintain control of the entire battlefield. However, they had no idea how that Imperial Soldier had appeared while avoiding Otto’s Divine Protection, as he could grasp the entire situation by hearing the voices of animals and insects.

To perceive such an opponent, the same method as before was not enough.

Petra: [So, that’s why the little ones under the ground… They were useless as Otto-san said, since they don’t have eyes to see what’s going on outside.]

Otto: [I just wish I had chosen my words a little more carefully…! Anyway, I took a listen to the animals and insects in the ground and determined where he was by the sound of his footsteps. It was a bit hit-or-miss, but Petra-chan was able to help me pick up the voices with her Yang Magic.]

Petra: [Otto-san, you had a bad look on your face when giving me the signal.]

What Otto had requested from Petra, back when he had gripped her hand tightly, had been the support of Yang Magic.

With her help, Otto had employed his Divine Protection, and thus, he had guessed his opponent’s position from the sound of his footsteps, avoiding the latter’s final ambush and conversely, they had inflicted a painful blow on their opponent, forcing him to retreat.

Otto: [――. To tell you the truth, I wanted to make him unable to continue fighting.]

Petra: [I agree. He wasn’t strong, he was just good at killing. More importantly…]

Medium: [Hothothot! We’ve gotta get out of here fast, or we’re gonna get cooked!]

Having a dangerous enemy retreat did not necessarily erase the situation of having their environs on fire.

Hearing Medium’s appeal, Al lent his shoulder to Otto and said, “Yeah, you’re right”. Petra, along with Medium, led them along, looking for spots where the effects of the flames were less severe.

And so, the group attempted to leave before the flames engulfed them――,

Otto: [Let us get out of here as soon as possible. There is now a reason to return to the main camp.]

Al: […The way you just put it doesn’t sound like the prelude to a heroic tale in which you brag about surviving a dangerous opponent.]

Otto: [Yes, it is bad news. Things are getting very time-sensitive… Earlier, I was trying to listen for footsteps, and this is just a secondary piece of information that I happened to hear.]

It was an unpleasant preface, one spoken just as one hardship was about to be over.

Chased by the heat of the flames, but still unable to overlook his statement, Petra turned to see a grim-faced Otto behind her―― or rather, he was looking out over the entire battlefield.

Otto: [I got indications that the whole battlefield is going to become even more dangerous due to something completely different from the Dragon and the burning sky and whatnot. In fact, it is right in front of our eyes.]

By complete coincidence, at the exact same time that his bro detected it through the Divine Protection of Earth Spirits, Otto Suwen had obtained the same information through the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language; he now voiced it.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――I have heard that there is a so-called Great Disaster drawing near which will endanger the Vollachian Empire. As I am a General First-Class of the Empire! As I am a General that still survives though living in disgrace! No matter what it takes! I shall not die without being of service to His Excellency the Emperor!]

Being thus informed by the large man that had been chained to a wall underground―― the person that had introduced himself as Goz Ralfon, Rem understood that problems aside from the rebellion would soon shake the Imperial Capital.

Although Goz had been quite weak after having been given only one meal every two days, after Rem had healed him as a mere stop-gap measure through her magic, he had become surprisingly energetic, his vitality regained.

She had believed the majority of that effect to have been brought by, most likely, due to his own pre-established notions.

Goz: [Girl, your treatment has saved my life! Normally, I would have liked to invite you to my home as to introduce my savior to my wife and children, but I must now head to His Excellency’s side! I shall repay you for this!!]

Rem: [Ah, umm, yes.]

Goz: [If possible, leave this place and join up with the regular army! General First-Class Moguro Hagane or General Second-Class Kafma Irulux shall do you no harm! Avoid the other Generals of the First-Class! Your words will not get through to them!]

Having been released from his chains, Goz thus declared in an extremely loud voice. He leapt out of the basement with tremendous speed and, after rebuking the soldiers guarding the mansion, ordered them to accompany him to the Crystal Palace, which was visible from a distance.

The opinions of the guards were divided in two in regards to that.

It seemed that even the mansion’s soldiers were split between those who knew of Goz’s existence and those who did not. Those who had been kept in the dark were not amused, while those to whom the information had been disclosed felt the deep trust placed in them by Berstetz.

Therefore――,

Goz: [I see. You lot will stand in my way, then?]

With nothing to wear and his bare upper body covered with an armor of muscle, Goz fixed his eyes on the guards who had drawn their weapons, blocking his path.

Goz was unarmed, and the time he had spent in confinement was not limited to merely one or two days. He was far from being in perfect condition. However, the guards had opposed him not because they stood a chance of winning or whatever.

Goz: [Very well. Just as I am loyal to His Excellency the Emperor, you lot are loyal to the Prime Minister. I shall certainly see that honor through to the very end!!]

The overwhelming aura emanating from him was clear, even as he looked at the soldiers who opposed him.

Goz’s bare-knuckle fighting style in the one-sided battle that followed, too, was clear.

There was a swing of one of his huge fists, and in one blow, several guards were sent flying.

The slight advantage in numbers had not even made a difference. They had been instantly, and overwhelmingly, suppressed.

Rem: [I’d heard his name from Abel-san as one of the Nine Divine Generals, but…]

Actually, the only ones of the Nine Divine Generals that Rem had seen in person were Arakiya and Madelyn, back at the Fortress City of Guaral.

Even when compared to both of them, Goz’s presence would not be outdone.

He might have been at a disadvantage at this moment, but only in what could be accounted for in weapons, equipment, and exhaustion.

Goz: [You have fought well! That is why you are Sword Wolves of the Empire!!]

Thrusting his arms up in the air, standing right in the middle of the battered soldiers, Goz passionately uttered his praise.

If she was not mistaken, she had heard that he was the person who had risked his life, sacrificing himself so that the true Emperor, Abel, could escape. However, he was so lively that it seemed like a lie that he had been exhausted from having been tied up.

In the first place, it was unclear why he had been tied up in the basement of the mansion.

Goz: [Once again, Prime Minister Berstetz Fondalfon! I shall not let things go according to your plans! You too, General First-Class Chisha! Uooooooh――!!]

Before they could discuss things in detail, Goz boldly dashed out of the main gate of Berstetz’s mansion, with the guards on his side in tow.

Overwhelmed by the valor of the Lion Knight, Rem could do nothing but watch his back as he left.

However――,

Rem: [There’s no need for me at that palace.]

In an unexpected turn of events, the mansion’s soldiers were now gone; no longer were there any obstacles before Rem.

Rem checked to see if the soldiers who had been struck down by Goz were alive or dead. After applying only minimal treatment to those who had been seriously wounded, utilizing one of the long swords as a cane, she moved around the mansion, heading to a room which she had entered many times.

And then――,

Rem: [Katya-san, it’s me, it’s Rem. Please come out.]

Katya: […I absolutely don’t want to come out. W-what was that loud voice just now?]

Rem: [I understand how you feel. But the person with the loud voice has already left. I think we should talk about what we’re going to do from here on out.]

Katya: [What we’re going to do…]

Rem’s voice urged Katya, who did not allow Rem to see her, to make a decision through the door to her room.

At present, Goz’s bravery, for better or worse, had wiped out the mansion’s soldiers, so the urgency to leave the mansion had diminished.

However――,

Rem: [The Great Disaster…]

That was the reason as to why Goz hastened to meet the Emperor, who was said to be present at the Crystal Palace.

To be precise, the main justification for Goz heading to the Crystal Palace was to confront the impostor posing as the Emperor. Nevertheless, it was true that his purpose was to prevent that mysterious disaster.

In any case, Goz had advised her against sticking around.

If that was the case――,

Katya: [――T-there’s no reason for me to leave here, after all. I-I’m a hostage.]

Rem: [There are no more guards left to detain us. There isn’t a reason for us to continue being held hostage any longer.]

Katya: [B-but still…]

Rem: [――I understand. Please, at least open the door. I’d like to check if you are safe.]

Though Rem was at a loss, Katya, who had been undaunted by her insistence, finally folded.

After a few moments of silence after that final request from Rem, the wheels of her wheelchair were heard moving, and the door was unlocked. And so, the door to the room opened,

Rem: [Excuse me. Let’s go.]

Katya: [Huh!? Ah, hey, wait!]

Rem: [I’m sorry. Me just wanting to check if you were safe was a lie.]

After entering the room, Rem found Katya by the door, and then, quickly walking behind her, she pushed her wheelchair out of the room.

A panicked Katya attempted to resist, but she was powerless to stop the wheels, unable to resist Rem’s forceful action; and like that, she was pushed along.

Katya: [Wait! I have someone I have to wait for here…]

Rem: [I understand that perfectly well. But waiting here isn’t safe. Even if we’re to wait for your fiancé, let’s at least go somewhere safe.]

Katya: [Safe? A place safer in the Imperial Capital than this place――]

Doesn’t exist , or so was Katya probably going to say next.

But Katya, who was in the middle of speaking while twisting her head left and right to glare at Rem behind her, abruptly widened her eyes round, staring towards the sky.

Prompted by Katya’s reaction, Rem gazed upwards, only to lay eyes upon a large, a titanic shadow overhead, as they walked down the hallway of the mansion.

――A colossal castle wall in the shape of a human straddled the mansion, stepping toward the center of the Imperial Capital.

Rem: [――――]

In comparison to Goz’s rampage, or even in comparison to any of the attacks perpetrated by the rebels trying to breach the Imperial Capital, seeing a giant foot stomping and bounding through the city, passing close by them, had been heaps more shocking.

Feeling the wheels of Katya’s wheelchair lifting off the ground due to the tremors of the earth and the impact of the feet, Rem and Katya looked at each other in alarm, and,

Katya: [I-it doesn’t seem like this is a safe place, for sure…]

Rem: [Yes. Let’s hurry.]

As expected, the giant step just now was one of the few things that were an exception to the norm amidst this whole uproar, but it would be foolish for Rem to go out of her way to say that and incur Katya’s displeasure.

With Katya now meek and obedient, Rem who was pushing her wheelchair, headed for,

Katya: [Your companion is still recovering, isn’t he? What are you going to do?]

Rem: [He really shouldn’t be moving around too much. However, I can’t say that…]

Responding to Katya’s words with that, the two reached the room Rem had intended to reach.

Inside this room was Flop O’Connell, who had been brought to the mansion alongside Rem. He had not fully recovered from his serious wounds, and he was still under house arrest.

As per her answer to Katya, he should preferably be left to rest if at all possible, but――,

Rem: [Flop-san, it’s me. May I come in?]

???: [Mhm, is that Wife-san!? I’ll open the door now.]

She received a response immediately after she had knocked on the door, and subsequently, the door opened. The seemingly near-instantaneous reaction from the door made Rem and Katya’s eyes go round; it was no wonder, however, as Flop had apparently been lurking by the door, tightly holding a small hand mirror.

Rem: [Um, Flop-san, what’s with the mirror?]

Flop: [Weeell, to tell you the truth, it was kinda meant to be a weapon. You heard a very loud voice earlier, didn’t you? The city’s getting noisy, so I thought someone hostile might come barging in.]

Flop answered as he twirled the hand mirror, reminding Rem and Katya that they were there as prisoners of war and hostages, so there had been no tools in their rooms that could be employed as weapons.

However, a mirror as a countermeasure was not ideal.

Rem: […You mean, you can fight using that mirror?]

Flop: [Unfortunately, this is about all there was in this room. But I’ve never fought with a mirror before, so maybe I have a dormant talent for it! What do you think, Wife-san?]

Rem: [Sure, why not. I’d like to stop talking about unnecessary things and do what’s necessary, however.]

Flop responded to Katya’s scornful eyes in his usual tone of voice; it was reassuring that he was behaving as he normally did, but at the same time, Rem wanted to put this aside for a while, as they were in such a dire situation.

Regardless――,

Rem: [This is Katya-san. I met her at this mansion.]

Flop: [I’m Flop O’Connell. You must be the friend of Wife-san’s that I heard so much about.]

Katya: […I-I don’t remember becoming friends with this girl, but…]

Flop: [If that’s the case, then you should prepare yourself to become friends with her. Making good friends is the key to a better life. Even if it isn’t, there’s nothing wrong with having a lot of friends.]

Katya: [I’m… probably not as good at that as you are…]

As per Rem’s expectations, Flop’s personality was one that Katya was not very comfortable with. Nevertheless, Flop’s disposition was such that he did not mind if Katya was frank with him, so it would be the best situation if Katya was just bitter about it.

Rem: [Flop-san, the situation in the Imperial Capital right now is…]

Flop: [I’ve more-or-less understood it. Madelyn-kun came to meet me right before she left for the battle.]

Rem: […Madelyn-san, came to meet you?]

It was an unexpected personal connection; she knew that Madelyn had been visiting Flop, but she had never expected that they would become friends, even going so far as for her to come to greet him before going off to battle.

However, if one of the Nine Divine Generals had spoken to him directly, it was even possible that Flop would know more about the situation going on outside than Rem.

Rem: [Well then, that makes the conversation faster. The guards of the mansion are already gone, so we should be able to stay or escape at our leisure, but… I say we should escape.]

Flop: [I wonder if that has anything to do with the loud noises and the terrible tremors from just now?]

Rem: [Yes. But it’s not just that. Something even worse could happen.]

Katya: [W-worse than that! A-are you kidding me…?]

Rem answered Flop with concern, and upon hearing that, Katya turned pale, shaking.

All of that had not been about scaring Katya into obedience, but rather about a real, though unconfirmed, possibility of danger. On the other hand, it was no more than “something could happen”, so it did not provide any assurance off of which they could act.

Flop: [Still, I think we should leave this place, Wife-san.]

Rem: [――Indeed.]

With that question from Flop, Rem nodded without hesitation.

Despite the fact that they were under house arrest, life in the mansion was not so uncomfortable. Although they were not allowed to leave the premises, they were allowed to go to each other’s rooms, Flop’s wounded body was being taken care of, Rem had been able to meet Katya, and there was no reason for any great anger or hatred toward Berstetz, who was supposedly their enemy.

As for the reason for Berstetz’s rebellion, Rem had a suspicion that Abel, or rather, Vincent, was the one at fault all the more.

Nevertheless, leaving such circumstances aside, Rem’s emotions were probably the most decisive reason as to why she wanted to leave the mansion.

Staying in captivity like this would worry a number of people who had shown kindness towards Rem.

That was the reason as to why she needed to get out of such an unjust and dishonest situation as soon as she possibly could.

Flop: [Okay, got you. I have no objection either. Wife-san and Miss Katya, let’s get going.]

Rem: [Are you sure?]

Flop: [Even if I stay, there’s not much that I can do other than lie in bed. I’m still a peddler, so I have to be somewhat physically active or I won’t feel at ease.]

As to keep Rem from getting upset, Flop made a clenched fist as he smiled. Then, he interjected with a “Besides”,

Flop: [Actually, I’ve been entrusted with a message. If I accidentally overslept and missed the opportunity to tell it, I wouldn’t be able to face the world, or my sister, for that matter.]

Rem: [A message… who is it from?]

Flop: [From a Sword Wolf of the Empire who has taken on the stigma of a traitor himself, and who, in my personal opinion, has taken a great gamble.]

Flop winked, and Rem looked daunted at his reply.

Apparently, it was not the person that Rem had in mind, but it was nice to know that Flop would be coming along.

Rem: [As you can see, it’ll be no small feat to push Katya-san’s wheelchair while carrying Flop-san on my back, so…]

Katya: [You’re asking me what to do, but you have no intention of letting me do it, do you!]

Rem: [As long as all of you aren’t in danger, I’d be happy to leave you alone…]

As long as it remained unsafe to take them out by force, they were left with no other choice but to do so. As expected, Rem did not intend to save them beyond the extent of her ability, but if she could do so, then she had no choice.

She would do so, even if she had to manipulate their feelings. ――Even while knowing that it would not shine well upon her.

Rem: [――――]

For a moment, Rem felt like she was doing the same thing as she had done to the hand that had been extended toward her, and her heart fluttered due to her complex feelings on the matter.

Quickly shaking off that feeling, Rem nodded to Katya and Flop with a “Well then”,

Rem: [Let’s be careful when leaving the mansion. If we encounter someone, be cautious. We don’t know the people who are coming into the Imperial Capital, either.]

Katya: [Don’t say such scary things… Aren’t you injured? Can you even go?]

Flop: [Ha-ha-ha, thanks for your concern. Fortunately, Wife-san has been casting her healing magic on me devotedly. The gouged flesh is filling in nicely, and I think my blood’s starting to replenish. As for my physical condition, I guess I’ll just have to ask you to give me a shout when running is needed.]

Rem: [I’ll take that into consideration. My legs aren’t in perfect shape, and Katya-san’s in a wheelchair.]

Once again, she realized that each of the three gathered here were physically impaired. Still, it was crucial for them to join forces, as losing any of them would be unacceptable.

And so, with much enthusiasm,

Flop: [By the way, Wife-san, what about all the other people who are being held prisoner besides us?]

Rem: […That eluded my mind.]

Flop pointed that out, taking the wind out of her sails, prompting Rem to put a hand to her forehead.

There was a separate building in the mansion, and in that building were held captives other than Rem’s group―― among them, there were several people who claimed to be the black-haired Crown Prince, the illegitimate son of the Emperor of Vollachia.

Most of them had apparently been used as a justification to raise an insurrection against the Emperor. However, this was not a problem unrelated to Berstetz, who had rebelled over the issue of the Emperor’s heir. So, they were being taken as prisoners of war whenever possible and kept to ascertain whether they were truly the Emperor’s child or not.

Rem: [They can’t be said to be either our enemies or our allies, so I want to ignore them, frankly.]

Currently, setting Katya aside, Rem and Flop’s situation was a very complicated and difficult one.

Even though she had no strong cause or claim, she had reluctantly joined the rebels led by Abel. However, she had been separated from that group, and she was not acquainted with the group of “Crown Princes” being kept captive.

Rem and her group had no idea if they were friend or foe, and their attitude towards them was also unknown.

Rem: [――――]

That was why, her real opinion was as she had just stated.

However, leaving them in the locked detached building while Rem’s group left the mansion to escape from the looming, incomprehensible Great Disaster also brought Rem distress.

Even if saving all of them was a difficult deed, she wished to diminish casualties as much as possible.

That was why the guards who had been beaten down by Goz had been given the minimal amount of treatment.

Katya: […Why don’t we just find the key and place it where they can retrieve it themselves?]

Rem: [Ah…]

Katya: [I-I don’t know. I don’t know, but if it’s dangerous, I don’t want to get involved. But I can’t help but hesitate. Is that strange!?]

Rem: [No, no, it’s not strange. Right?]

Seeing that Rem was worried, Katya offered a compromise.

Rem only had one of two options in mind; to help, or not to help. She felt saved by Katya’s words.

As the latter had stated, it would be fine to locate the key to the detached building, making sure that the captives had only a little trouble obtaining it. That would ensure the captives’ safety along with her own peace of mind.

Flop: [Seems like you’ve got everything covered.]

With Rem’s and Katya’s conversation coming to a close, Flop nodded in satisfaction.

Meanwhile, he had been braiding some of his own long blond hair, before then gently placing his hand on the door. As he pushed it open,

Flop: [Well, for now, we need to find where the key to the detached building is… Let’s wait a sec.]

Flop, who was about to go through the door, closed it while withdrawing his earlier statement. That sudden action of his caused Rem and Katya’s eyes to widen, astonished.

However, Flop put his finger to his lips and said, “Be quiet”. Then, he opened the door slightly, as to peer outside. Standing beside Flop, Rem also looked out.

Rem: [――Ah.]

Katya: [H-hey, what is it? I don’t have a good feeling about your reaction at all…!]

Once Rem found out why Flop had closed the door, her breath hitched; frightening due to the signs the two gave off, Katya’s voice quivered.

But Rem was unable to find words to relieve Katya’s anxiety right there and then.

That was because, for Rem and Flop both, it was a scene that was outside the realm of their imaginations.

In the courtyard of Berstetz’s mansion, figures other than the soldiers were standing there.

They were――,

Flop: […Somehow, they look sickly pale, don’t they? Maybe they aren’t getting enough sleep, I wonder.]

The looks of the figures, enveloped in a bloodthirsty aura, were so, so strange, that Flop’s joke had come out as dry.

Donning pale complexions with no signs of life, cracks running across their visible skin―― a group of people, bearing features that could be recognized at a glance as bizarre, were occupying the mansion of the Imperial Prime Minister.

△▼△▼△▼△

Flop: […At a glance, they all appeared to be Imperial Soldiers, didn’t they?]

Shutting the door without a noise, Flop muttered, holding his breath together with Rem and Katya.

In frankness, the scene they had put their eyes on had been so alien that Rem, bereft of the composure to do as much as to pay attention to the details, was unable to affirm Flop’s irresponsible claim.

It was just that――,

Katya: [T-there are creepy people entering the mansion…? Doesn’t that mean someone from the rebel army is trying to kill His Excellency the Emperor?]

Rem: [They seem like they’d be impossible to communicate with, and they also gave off a different air. It wasn’t like they were angry or overexcited or anything like that, rather…]

Flop: [It’s like they’re creatures that aren’t human, but take human form. I also got the feeling that it’d be difficult to gain an understanding by talking to them. It feels like my wounds are spiking with pain, that’s a bad omen.]

Whether she wanted to or not, Rem agreed with Flop’s opinion.

As she had not checked what lay outside, Katya had not seen or understood the people the other two were referring to, but she surely would have been shaken had she looked.

Looking at her friend, who she felt had quite a different sense of logic, Rem had a sudden brainwave.

Rem: [Don’t tell me, that’s the Great Disaster…?]

She had only heard of the expression “Great Disaster” from Goz, but she supposed it was something nefarious regardless of its exact nature. Having heard about it being imminent, and having laid eyes on the beings outside, she could not help but believe there was a connection between the two.

Moreover, this was just Rem’s intuition as a practitioner of healing magic, but,

Rem: [It didn’t feel like there was life in them. It was as if…]

Katya: [Y-you’re not going to say they’re dead people, right? Calling them something like Hollows, is ridiculous…] [1]

Flop: [Though, it may be too soon to laugh that off still. The ones outside took the appearance of Imperial Soldiers, and come to think of it, their armor, as well as their faces and napes, seemed to be somewhat tattered. Perhaps there’s a chance they still bear the wounds they received in life… What do you think?]

Katya: [What do I think? I have no idea!]

Flop’s expression, true to his nature, caused Katya to lose her head and dart her eyes about in bewilderment.

But the fact that she was rejecting it vehemently served as undeniable proof that she, too, had perceived that something abnormal was happening from Rem and Flop’s behavior.

Even worse than that was――,

???: [――Gyah!]

???: [Guh!]

???: [――Ah.]

Small wails of pain were heard in succession, wails from the guards outside who had been put to sleep―― due to having been beaten down by Goz. Rem had deferred their treatment for later, yet they now spilled their death cries.

In frankness though, it was not as if she had ascertained it with her own eyes.

Flop: […Seems it’s going to be hard to talk and reach a mutual understanding with them.]

Flop’s words, his cheeks tightening greatly, told of the undeniable ultimate fate of the soldiers.

Those enigmatic forces, their faces pallid, had bestowed the collapsed soldiers with the coup de grace. There had been zero margin for discussion. ――That Rem, and everyone else, would be an exception to this rule, was difficult to envision.

Rem: [I…]

Had she at least put the soldiers in some room, would it have been different?

Had they, in their unconscious and defenseless state, been moved to a safe place, their arbitrary demise could have been avoided. That being the case, the onus for their deaths would lie with Rem. She had not done everything possible.

Katya: [――Hk, is this the time to be thinking about that!]

Rem: [K-Katya-san…]

Katya: [If you get depressed now, it won’t just be those three who die. I-I don’t want… anything like that…!]

As Rem cast her face downwards in chagrin, it was seized by both of Katya’s hands, one hand on each cheek, and the former’s head was raised by force. A teary-eyed Katya snapped at Rem as to reproach her, attempting to obliterate Rem’s fainthearted disposition.

Katya’s momentum, and wholly honest words made Rem catch her breath.

Nodding quietly after that,

Rem: [Flop-san, the situation has changed. We have no choice but to go unlock that one separate building.]

Flop: [Mhm, indeed, Wife-san. I was thinking the same thing. I dunno if we’ll be able to get on friendly terms with the Crown Princes who’ve been detained in that building, but there’s always the train of thought that the enemy of my enemy is my friend.]

Rem: [Yes. With a common enemy, there’s the possibility that we can work side-by-side.]

With that declaration, Flop immediately approved the change in course. Seeing the consensus between Rem and Flop, Katya shook her head up and down in agreement, and spoke,

Katya: [If that’s decided, then get on with it, get on with it already! Please do your best at breaking the lock to the detached building already. Y-you can do it, right?]

Rem: […Fortunately, I picked up a sword to substitute for my walking stick, so I can use that.]

The sword would likely break, but in exchange, she would be able to destroy the lock on the door, at least.

No longer would it be possible for them to traipse around the mansion searching for the key. It would be too difficult.

Flop: [We need to get there before they turn their attention to the detached building, but the problem is…]

Rem: [Katya-san’s wheelchair…]

All eyes were on the wheelchair.

The wheelchair, which had been a gift from her fiancé, was a very well-made, high-end one, but that notwithstanding, it would not be possible to conceal its sounds; those of the wheels turning, and those of its many parts operating.

It was not ideal for situations in which one had to move without being detected.

Katya: [I… I…]

Faced with the same tough challenge, Katya’s gaze faltered as it flickered left and right, upwards and down.

However, seeing as she possessed a physical disability, Katya and her wheelchair were inseparable. She herself was aware of this, and after a few moments of anxiety, Katya spoke.

Katya: [Leave me, and go open that building. I-I’ll wait for you alone…]

Rem: [Alone… But, I can’t let you do something like…]

Katya: [I’ll lock myself in my room! They won’t know I’m there if I shut myself in there and stay quiet, right? If those people are undead or anything of the sort, it’s probably safer to stay hidden and not do anything stupid. B-but I’m not telling you two to go and do something dangerous.]

The fact that she was speaking so quickly, and that her voice had gone up in pitch, was no more than evidence that her innermost thoughts were frantic.

But that Katya’s proposal came from her mustering the entirety of what paltry courage she possessed, was something Rem and Flop comprehended to a painful extent.

They understood that her feelings, her faith, ought not to be rejected.

Rem: [Flop-san, stay with Katya-san and…]

Flop: [No, you’ve got to take Miss Katya’s determination in mind, Wife-san. The chances of success are higher if the two of us were to deal with it. Worst-case scenario, one of us could serve as a decoy.]

Rem: [――――]

That truly was the worst-case scenario, but if she were to avert her gaze from that which she wished to not think about, she would have no escape from being overwhelmed by the horrible situation once she actually found herself in it.

Therefore, despite taking into account the possibility that that worst-case would overwhelm her, Rem assented with a nod.

Rem: [Without fail, I’ll unlock the detached building and return.]

Katya: [D-do it properly. It’s no good if you don’t come back too. Promise!]

Rem: [――I will.]

Grasping Katya’s hand, Rem exchanged words of firm promise with her.

Bearing Katya’s concern, so clumsy as she was, Rem kept its weight within her heart so that she would not forget it. And with that, Rem and Flop nodded to each other, and they exited the room.

Flop & Rem: [――――]

While stifling their breaths and concealing their bodies, the two of them made their way out into the corridor, and as they surveyed their surroundings―― in search of those eerie “enemies”, they managed to advance towards the back of the mansion, where the separate building laid.

As they made their way, wafting in the wind was the scent of blood belonging to the soldiers that had been slain. A deed performed by the enemies, numbering over ten, wandering through the mansion paying no concern to any danger.

Flop: […Seems like they’re looking for something.]

Rem: [People who are alive, perhaps?]

Flop: [No, I get a feeling like, taking out the ones on guard duty was something they just did while they were at it. There aren’t enough people for them to comb the mansion that thoroughly, it’s likely they have a much more definite target.]

Keeping their bodies low while enroute, Rem and Flop exchanged opinions on the enemies’ behavior.

Hearing Flop’s keen insight brought Rem some vexation, feeling as if she were always off-mark every step of the way.

Flop: [I’m not too sure of this idea either, it’s something I just thought of.]

And, to have Flop smooth over things frustrated her.

At the very least, she would contribute to freeing those imprisoned in the separated building, thus making up for it.

Rem: [――That wouldn’t be enough, would it.]

Something that ought to be called fortunate, however, was that the sensory functions of the strange-looking “enemies” did not seem to differ much from those of humans, nor had they been boosted with incredible abilities beyond Rem and Flop’s grasp.

Thanks to that, somehow, they had managed to approach the separate unit while avoiding detection. Though, a problem arose then.

Flop: [As expected, they didn’t fail to notice it completely, huh?]

Having witnessed the same sight Flop had, Rem nodded in silence, agreeing with the former’s words.

As they hid behind the building and examined the unit’s surroundings, the problem, three figures belonging to “enemies”, could be seen. As they were searching for something, it would be unnatural for them not to stop by such a conspicuous structure.

The problem was the building’s interior; if the Crown Princes were truly confined within, the “enemies” would massacre the former without a word edgewise the moment they broke through the door.

There was no time to lose. If they did not act this very instant, their lives would be forfeit.

Flop: [Wife-san, I’ll attract their attention. Can you do them in while I keep all three occupied?]

Rem: [――――]

Flop: [I don’t mind if we reverse our roles, Wife-san, but I think it’s more likely that you succeed than me with my lack of nerve. I’d like you to decide now.]

A forceful declaration, but a decision was necessary.

Taking that in, Rem closed her eyes for a second, then quickly opened them.

And then――,

Rem: [Let’s do it. I’ll go around the back. Flop-san, it’ll take only a second.]

Flop: [Yeah, I’ll leave it to you. I don’t want to boast, but serving as a decoy’s one of my strong points.]

Rem nodded to Flop’s answer, speaking of himself as reliable, and they then split up.

With the three “enemies” right in front of the building’s entrance, while they planned to breach the large door, Rem and Flop separated in different directions, as if to sandwich their foes.

Rem: [――――]

Squeezing onto it, Rem ascertained the feel of the steel sword she had carried for the purpose of breaking the lock.

Never had she had experience wielding the sword, nor was wounding another her forte. If anything, breaking Subaru’s finger was all Rem’s battle experience amounted to. It was possible to say that it was far from a solid foundation for her self-confidence.

But whether she had confidence in herself or not was irrelevant. She had to do it.

Do-or-die.

Flop: [Heyhey, gentlemen, are you all doing well? I’m a peddler with nothing to sell. At present, I just want to make myself known!]

Abruptly, Flop slipped out from behind the building, and started a conversation with the “enemies”.

Although he had to draw their attention on the spur of the moment, and although there had not been any major preparation done in advance, and speaking of Flop’s demeanor, it was far too assertive as to slip by them.

Enemy: […Who the hell are ya?]

Riveted by Flop’s entrance, the “enemies” turned around, one of them apparently uttering so.

Their voice was cold and devoid of warmth, yet in it dwelled definite intelligence, which had come to Rem as a fairly large surprise, having presumed that communicating with them, let alone negotiating, would be impossible.

However――.

Flop: [Oh my, perhaps you can speak? Assuming you can, then maybe I should change my attitude, don’t you think?]

Enemy: [Ahh, ya’ve got it wrong, then. Everyone in the Empire’s gonna die.]

Flop: [I see. ――Turns out there’s no margin for negotiation after all!]

So did Flop loudly assert, as to veil over the savage reply given by the “enemy”. An unequivocal cue for Rem’s heart to melt, in whom hesitation had emerged for a moment, so that she would stir.

Having heard things thus far, Rem did not hesitate in her subsequent action.

Rem: [Ah, AHHHHHH――!]

The moment she resolved herself to make her move and initiate her assault, albeit she knew she ought to be silent, she emitted sound. Were she to forgo raising her own morale in that manner, from within, she would not be able to continue with said subsequent action.

Pulling the sword from its scabbard, she held it aloft, and with might and main, she thrusted it at an “enemy’s” back turned to her. They raised a shriek of “Wha!?”, but twice, thrice she swung the sword in a daze.

Not granting the “enemies” who had turned their attention to Flop a chance to turn around, a chaotic series of strikes ensued. She knew not what it would take to incapacitate her opponents from doing battle, nor how long it would take her, hence she swung the sword with reckless abandon.

She had conscious awareness of the solid sensation of her hand rebounding, though everything besides that was rather blurry.

Nevertheless――,

Flop: [Wife-san! It’s okay now! You’ve done them in already!]

Rem: [Ah…]

Having been called out by an earnest voice, Rem came to her senses and saw Flop’s figure in front of her.

Then looking for the “enemies” that were supposedly between the two of them, Rem came to find them at her feet, defeated―― or rather, she found the pieces of what used to be those “enemies”.

Upon gazing at that, at the completely unexpected way they had been felled, Rem’s eyes widened with a “Huh”.

Flop: [To me, it looked like they were shattered. In fact, looking at the remains like this, it looks like they shattered like pottery or glass.]

Rem: […Do you think they’re… dead?]

Flop: [At the very least, I think it’s doubtful that they were even alive before they were smashed into smithereens like this.]

Crouching down, Flop answered, holding scattered pieces of the “enemies” between his fingers.

Hearing his answer, Rem got quite the unpleasant feeling upon realizing that, exactly as if it were the answer she had been expecting.

For Rem, taking the life of a living creature was something abhorrent that ought to be avoided as much as possible.

Consequently, she realized that she had held a shameful expectation; she had wished to protect her mind through the doubt of whether the “enemies” she had vanquished were defined as a living being or not.

Flop: [Wife-san, their companions will notice it before long as well. Let’s hurry to the detached building and open it up.]

Flop made the decision to put off Rem’s sentiments for the moment. She did not object to Flop’s course of action as well, believing it to be the correct choice.

At the minimum, she attempted to give legitimacy to her actions; and as she was on the verge of unlocking the separate unit, she noticed something.

Rem: [Huh?]

Beneath her feet, the fragments of the “enemies” she had ground to a fine powder wriggled unnaturally, the wriggling different from how it would occur when caused by the wind or an earthquake.

???: [――We won’t die that easily. ‘Cause we’re dead.]

Rem shuddered, and the moment she experienced a sensation of unease, the voice of an “enemy” slipped into her awareness.

Turning around, Rem and Flop witnessed the supposedly-beaten “enemies” regenerating. The broken pieces of pottery fused together as if time had been reversed; though fissures with the appearance very much as if they were seams were visible, they had been restored to their original state.

Rem & Flop: [――――]

Petrified by that impossible spectacle, Rem and Flop both froze in place.

Rem promptly decided to do the reverse of what Flop had done back in Guaral, where he had protected her, and put strength into her legs, hoping that she could at least shield Flop.

However, the unrest in her mind caused her knees to stay rigid, and her crippled legs would not let her actualize it.

If anything, it produced a fatal collapse of her posture in front of the “enemies”.

She had to raise it, she had to raise the sword. She had to do it, faster than her opponent, and yet.

She would not make it in time.

Rem: [――Hk.]

There was a flash of a grey light of dull hue with a swish . An “enemy” was about to strike Rem and Flop down, devoid of any mercy, with the sword in his hand―― And it happened at that exact moment.

???: [――El!]

???: [Minya!!]

Two high-pitched voices overlapped, ushering in the extraordinary phenomenon that occurred immediately afterward right in front of Rem’s eyes.

Before her eyes, purple crystals scored a direct hit on the three sword-wielding “enemies” from behind, running through their chests. Furthermore, the astonishment did not end at that.

Enemy: [Gah.]

And then, in the moment immediately subsequent to a howl of pain from one of the pierced “enemies”, they had their entire body morph into the same dark-purple crystal that had penetrated their chest. And once more, they shattered.

If a difference did exist, it was that the “enemies”, now in purple fragments, displayed no signs of reviving.

And the one who had successfully saved Rem and Flop just barely, was――,

???: [――Kept you waiting, Rem! The real star has stepped on the stage!]

Bravely announcing so, a small silhouette jumped off a large horse that had leapt over the outer wall, infiltrating the grounds of the mansion.

And thus, a boy of black hair with nasty-looking eyes, holding up a little girl in a dress in his arms, turned to Rem, closed one eye, and flashed a toothy smile at her.

Rem was left speechless due to his flamboyant appearance and announcement, and finally, she spoke.

Rem: [――Who are you?]

The young boy who had so gallantly made his appearance was someone who, to Rem’s eyes at least, was unknown.

△▼△▼△▼△

――There was a loud, violent knock on the door, which caused Katya to feel a chill run down her spine.

Katya: [No, no, no, don’t come in, don’t come closer…]

Pushing her wheelchair to the back of her room, she clutched her curly hair and prayed, frantically.

She had sent Rem and Flop away, having declared that she would wait alone for the time being. Katya was going to stay hidden as long as possible, even breathing as little as she possibly could.

And yet, an “enemy” had noticed her existence, and now she was frightened to death.

Katya: [I’m unlucky. I’ve always been so, so, unlucky…]

The fact that an “enemy” had stumbled upon this room was purely the result of random chance, in their attempt to find survivors. Seeing as they had found her so easily, her luck was awful.

Maybe Rem and Flop would not make it back in time. Such a convenient thing would never happen to her.

Katya: […Brother.]

Obviously, she was unable to see the other party outside the door.

However, according to Rem and Flop, the third party wandering around outside, who were neither Imperial Soldiers nor rebels, had the appearance of the dead.

When it came to the dead, the first person that came to Katya’s mind was her own big brother, Jamal Aurélie. The brother whom she had thought unkillable, and who had met an untimely demise.

She could not help but think that she would like to see him at least one more time. Even as a Hollow.

However, when it came to the inexplicable situation of the dead actually being out and about, what came to mind was not an obsession with her brother, but rather self-pity; it was wholly unsightly.

She could not even have such lofty compassion as to pray for Rem and Flop’s safety and hope that they would survive in her stead. All she had was a sense of self-preservation, a sense of self-preservation which she could not help.

I’m just an imperfect and helpless person, one who doesn’t deserve to be loved by anyone.

Katya: [I’m kind of like…]

Anticipating, hoping, and wishing to be saved was a mistake in and of itself. Due to her thinking such impudent thoughts, Rem and Flop would possibly end up as collateral damage.

Was this not the result of Katya’s bad luck and ineptitude, which had ended up getting Rem and Flop caught up in this?

Katya’s throat froze as those endlessly desperate thoughts were interrupted by a creaking sound of the door, finally beginning to show signs of being broken into.

Faced with such a hopeless situation, she cursed her body, seemingly incapable of even screaming satisfactorily.

However――,

Katya: [Huh?]

Just when she thought that the door was about to be breached, it happened.

On the other side of the door, the “enemy” that had been trying to break in ceased moving. ――Or, more precisely, they had been forced to stop their destruction.

Because, the entire body of the “enemy” had burst into flames, enveloped in vermillion.

And then――,

???: [The Micro Spirit I scared into doing that was my last one.]

A new voice, one different from that of the burning “enemy”, reached Katya from the other side of the door.

Katya looked up as if she had been startled by the sound of the cursing voice. Then turning the wheel of her wheelchair, Katya took hold of the door herself by her own volition.

With a trembling hand, she unlocked the door that she had been so afraid to open, and opened it.

Behind the door stood a man, kicking the burnt and charred corpse of the “enemy”.

???: [Kept you waiting, Katya. ――Let’s get out of here.]

He had lost his familiar bandana, and his normally upswept hair was hanging down. Katya’s eyes widened at the man, his forehead and cheeks covered in dried blood, who was reaching toward her.

Then, as she wheeled toward the man,

Katya: [Late… you’re so late, you idiot! I-I would’ve killed you if I’d died!]

And then, she tearfully dove into her fiancé, who had ruthlessly made his appearance.

△▼△▼△▼△

――At the Crystal Palace of the Imperial Capital, at the star-shaped ramparts, and at the rebel stronghold, various situations were unfolding.

There were some who were aware of the circumstances, and others who knew absolutely nothing at all.

Those people were all jumbled together on a battlefield transformed into a crucible of chaos―― no, the Vollachian Empire was what had been transformed.

Where bloodshed was rife, where the loss of life, akin to leaves falling from a tree, was revered, where taking action for the sake of blossoming ambition was considered the right thing. Its vast lands pulsated, and those engraved into the history of the Empire rose, one after the other.

What could it be called, if not a nightmare?

???: [――The Great Disaster.]

Indeed, if not to be designated as a nightmare, then it could only be designated as a Great Disaster.

The Stargazers, who infested the Vollachian Empire, had loudly proclaimed this to be one of the mass-scale disasters that would drive the world to ruination, as declared by the commandment they had been bestowed with.

That in itself was a matter inconsequential to the crux that had brought about the circumstances known as the Great Disaster.

The important thing was that this disaster induced the ruin of the Empire’s soil, and at its terminus, the wish would be fulfilled.

For that purpose, the moves to be made, the measures to be exhausted, absolutely everything would be expended.

Dying and bringing death, killing and being killed, through those means, amassed on the vast lands of Vollachia, were mountains of corpses.

If the entirety of Vollachia’s spilled blood was the foundation of the plan, all that remained was.

???: [All that remains is to carry the plan out to the end. ――Deliberation: Required.]

With that, the bearer of the Great Disaster, the symbol of ruin, congratulated herself very, very quietly.

For more context on this last section, you can read some of the added contents within the Light Novel release of Volume 33 here .

Translation notes:

[1] Hollows are the Re: Zero world equivalent of “spirits of the dead”, the thoughts and regrets left behind by the dead in the world of the living, unable to return to Od Lagna.

Though the author has not officially confirmed it in the Web Novel yet, the Light Novel synopsis confirmed that Volume 33 is the end of Arc 7. Thus, this should be the last chapter of the Arc. Meaning, we will be moving to Arc 8 next! Of course, we at Witch Cult Translations will be there to translate it once the author starts writing, so make sure to stay tuned, and once again, thank you everyone for your immense support throughout the years!

Currently, we are also recruiting for Machine Translators and Japanese – English checkers for Arc 8; this is a paid opportunity, if you are interested and would like to help the translation effort and get early access to the chapters, please contact Ice#6557 on Discord or leave your contact details in the comments below.

Update: In the April Fool’s Chapter we received this year, the author has given a statement about the end of Arc 7 and beginning of Arc 8, which is translated below.

Once again, I will begin to update the main story again soon. I’ve said this already in the book publication, but the current part is the end of the developments under Arc 7.  Arc 7 “Land of Wolves” has come to an end, and from here on out, it will become Arc 8 “Vincent Vollachia”. The production of the third season of the anime has also been announced, so after this, please continue to keep supporting Re: Zero!

Now that Arc 8 has begun releasing, we at Witch Cult Translations will of course be translating it, and you will be able to find out Arc 8 releases here .

Also, if you’d like to support us, we do have a Patreon! Click the image below to access it!
